Phil Johnson: Great Mark. Thank you for you questions. Jan, maybe you want to start off with the first two related to pipeline. and Ilissa, you can help with that one, and then actually, we don't have Enrique on the call today. No problem. I look to Ilissa to provide an update on the AWARD-6 trial and we will go from there.
Phil Johnson: Chris, one other thing on the stock repurchase program, when we got some questions after the announcement, some had observed, and correctly so, that the last repurchase program that we authorized was $1.5 billion. It was completed very quickly between late last year and Q1 of this year. And we had indicated and continue to indicate that this particular program would be one that we would do over multiple years. Lola, could we have our next caller please.
Phil Johnson: Great, then I will go ahead and take your question. So in the U.S., there are a number of factors that lead this quarter for the negative net effective selling price change that we outlined in the press release. There are three main factors there. One is, that we do continue to see the effect of some of the changes that took place in access for 2013. We compare back to 2012. So some of the competitive and payer dynamic. Second, we have seen greater utilization of a number of Lilly products including Humalog in Medicare Part D increasing the amounts that we are reserving essentially for donut hole exposure as well as in the managed Medicaid book of business, leading to higher overall or average level of rebates and discounts. Then there were, in the quarter, some dynamics that are more one-time related to accounting adjustments as we look both at what happened in last year's Q3 and adjustments made in this year's Q3 based on new information that came in that really were adjustment not specifically related to the quarter itself. We do expect, as we go forward you are going to see a little bit different dynamic in Q4 than you are likely to see during 2014. We will see an impact from some pretty significant adjustments that were made in Q4 of 2012 that will make the price dynamics look significantly different and more positive in Q4 of '13. Again that's not going to reflect any kind of change in the underlying actual prices or discounts that we have in 2013. It is something that is going be driven by our prior period comparison and then do keep in mind that going forward, we will likely see the impact both in terms of volume and price for the Express Scripts' decision to put NovoLog off their formula essentially and put Humalog into preferred position for 2014 in their more high controlled national formulary that a portion of their clients do subscribe to. So again, we continue to see very robust volume growth in this category and we are very pleased to have very stable share and good robust volume growth as the market continues to grow. We project that trend to continue in the future.
Phil Johnson: And Marc, on Alimta, before I give the response on that, I might want to direct you and other callers to the fact that we have gone ahead and supplemented our workbook with additional information based on some of your requests over the last few quarters or years in some cases. So hopefully you will find this information helpful as we go forward. One of the things that you will find in addition to the sales breakdown by product that we have been providing that was U.S., international leading up to worldwide, we have provided subsequent tabs that break out international into ACE, Japan and emerging markets. So that data will show, for example, that we have $76.5 million of sales of Alimta in Japan in Q3. That is down pretty significantly relative to the prior year's quarter due to two factors. One is, obviously, rate where we are down about 21% year-on-year. Then also we had a pretty significant price reduction that was instituted in Japan given the significant success we had commercially to trigger that 25% price reduction. So we continue to see very good uptake of the product and use of the product in Japan and we are very pleased with the performance that we have had. One other things that we did add to the workbook on that note is constant currency exchange rate growth as well, both for products on the international side as well as worldwide and hopefully again that helps respond to some of the requests that you have made over time. Lola, next caller, please.
Phil Johnson: On the insulins going forward as well, Damien, this insulin basal or the basal insulin lispro or novel basal insulin to the extent we are able to show differentiation above and beyond, just reduction in nocturnal hypoglycemia, for example, we built to the kinds of additional benefits that helps to position you more favorably with regards to these types of decisions. The fewer those benefits are in the minds of payers, it's probably more difficult it is to go ahead and maintain the patient choice and access that we think is most appropriate. So again we look forward to some of the trials that we will read out starting late this year and the next year for that particular product and are hopeful that in the basal space, as we enter that, that can provide some additional not only revenue for us but also some additional benefit for patients and payers that will be recognized in terms of access and pricing.
Phil Johnson: Okay, great. We thank you very much to those of you on the line listening for your interest in Eli Lilly and Company. We had a very successful Q3, both in the financial front as well as on advancing our pipeline and as always we will keep you appraised of our progress in the future. I would also point your attention to January 7, which is sort of the next time we will have one of these calls and that will when we issue first time guidance for 2014. Once again, thank you for listening and participating. Have a great day.
Ilissa Rassner: Thanks, Mark. It's Ilissa. For dulaglutide, the AWARD-6 trial versus Victoza 1.8 milligrams, we expect that trial to readout in early 2014, and we would expect that at some point in 2014, we would hopefully be able to present detailed data. In terms of commercial expectations, we actually think that this is an important trial to help achieve optimal pricing and access. If we can achieve the primary endpoint of non-inferiority, it will be really important in that regard.
Ilissa Rassner: Yes. We have been very pleased with the growth that we have seen in Tradjenta. We, as you probably know, have increased our access over time. In the commercial space, we are in the mid-60 percentage points in terms of access, about half of that in terms of Part D. We continue to lead Onglyza in new patient volume and share making us the second choice in the DPP-4 space, and as Enrique had pointed out in October 3, if you are looking at endocrinologists which are a leading indicator of primary care physicians and you are looking at this as a monotherapy, 40% of new-to brand-scripts are going to Tradjenta, so we see a lot of momentum there.
Ilissa Rassner: Yes. For necitumumab, Gregg, as you did point, we said that we anticipate filing before the end of 2014, and the timing there is related to some manufacturing validation work that needs to done that's pretty typical with biologics when we sometimes season changes in the manufacturing process. In terms of the benefit risk, I think this is one where obviously we didn't share the actual data just the top line, but you need to look at the molecule holistically at the benefit risk profile. We have said that from a risk perspective with thrombolic events that it is consistent with other EGFR molecules, however, we saw efficacy with necitumumab as we pointed out in our press release and taking it together. I think it has a favorable benefit risk profile to move forward.
Ilissa Rassner: In regards to ramucirumab and Japan, we are actually currently evaluating our options for regulatory filings outside of the U.S. and Europe, but we don't have any specifics to share at this time. I will remind you that the REGARD trial had fewer Asian patients than the RAINBOW combo trial and we haven't been specific on the number of the RAINBOW. We will be presenting that data in the future, but it does contain a larger percentage of patients in Asia.
Derica Rice: In regards to Animal Health, we continue to be very encouraged and excited about our Elanco Animal Health business in the third quarter, we actually grew revenue 11%, of which 10 percentage points of that was in the food animal segment, and we had about 13 percentage points of growth in the companion animal segment. If you’ve followed Lilly historically, we have been probably more inquisitive in the animal health space than we have been on the human pharma side, and we continue to see business development as an opportunity to further leverage our organic growth. And as you saw or may recall that when Jeff Simmons, the President of our Elanco Animal Health business presented at our Investor Day on October 3 about a third of - or 30% of the growth over the last five years has been from acquisitions and about two-thirds has been through organic growth and pipeline, so we will continue to be assertive in the area of looking for external opportunities to bolster that business.
Derica Rice: In regards to Elanco, the good news is that the majority of the 11 percentage points of growth is coming from our organic business. We do know that, of that 10 percentage point growth on the food animal side, a piece of that is from the benefit of one of the competitive product Zilmax being removed from the market or withdrawn from the market here in the U.S, but it is probably about half of that growth. We believe that we can continue to sustain good robust growth in the Animal Health segment and part of that is also going to be by bolstered by the fact that when you look at just numbers of that group's pipeline, that they will be launching new products across their portfolio as well. In regards to Chris, your question about consolidation, it's hard to speculate on what the other larger players are thinking, but clearly if you are in that upper half of the industry, the animal health space, then and you are contemplating consolidation, the anti-trust rules and all that is going to come into play because you will see overlap of portfolios and there is, I guess for those few to pursue that route, there are a number of different ways to try to deal our content with that including divesture of certain product lines. But that probably will be the biggest hurdle. In regards to the $5 billion share repurchase program that we announced, we believe we can do this along with sustaining our dividend at least at this current level in 2014 and beyond. We had not commenced the program as of yet but we hope to start it sometime soon. And obviously as we look to initiate that, then one of the factors as to when and how much will be kind of where the stock price is trading at that time.
Derica Rice: Sure, there was a little bit of an impact obviously from a slowdown in growth while we still posted double-digit growth in China of 11%. That was somewhat below some of the prior quarters. As Jan talked about in our October 3 meeting, his expectation would be for high single-digit growth on average, going forward. This is an area where we do tend to see a little bit more variability in the quarterly growth rates. So we wouldn't advise you to go ahead, maybe look at averaging that over a couple of quarters to get a feel for the true underlying dynamics and not be swayed, frankly on a positive upside or on the downside if you see a quarter that has significantly higher or lower growth. So the high single-digit is a realistic growth rate going forward for our business. Given the amount of innovation that we will also have to bring to these markets going forward, we are very comfortable with that kind of a growth expectation for our emerging markets business.
Derica Rice: Sure, Tony. We are pleased with our performance, but we are never satisfied with our performance. We believe that we can always look to improve and get better. As we think about 2014, as you heard me say at our Investor Meeting here in Indianapolis on October 3, even in 2014 you will see that our SG&A spend will decline even further in '14 versus where have you seen here this year. Then also in addition to that, you will begin to see that our R&D spend will decline as well as we have completed many of the current Phase 3 studies come to completion as well as our pipeline continues to mature. I think, we will have a even better operating expense profile in '14 even though we will be going through the period of declining revenues.
Derica Rice: Hi, Marc. This is Derica. Let me just clarify, when I was talking about the profile meaning for Tony's question. Our operating expenses will be lower in '14 than 2013, so, that's what I meant by an improved profile. We believe we can achieve that through some of the measures I talked about previously such as some of the trials on R&D side that we are in Phase 3 today, we will have completed. And as those begin to conclude that will bring, lessen the pressure on our R&D spend. On the commercial side, you will be seeing as we lose the patent for Cymbalta, you know that we have already restructured our sales force in the U.S. reducing it by 30% for which we get a partial effect this year. We will get a full year effect next year. And then, in addition to that, you will also see the removal of the DTC advertising as well. So those are all things that will lessen the pressure on our SG&A and R&D spend allowing us to bring it down even further than in '14 versus 2013.
Derica Rice: Sure, Damien this is Derica. I think when we look at the pricing environment for insulins in the U.S., okay, our position is, we still believe that there should be an element of choice, as it relates the formulary access. We do not believe single source formulary is the right decision, both for physicians and for payers. However, we have seen a dynamic over the recent years as it relates to some of the managed care organizations, PBMs where they have chosen to go to single source and in that environment it absolutely makes the pricing much more competitive and usually you find yourself in a higher rebate environment. And so that's one of the dynamics that is somewhat subduing the net effective selling price impact in insulins versus what you have seen at some of the other therapeutic area categories.
Derica Rice: Sure. Let me start with your second question. In regards to Zilmax, I mean, it's hard for us to comment in terms of sustainability of that. That's all dependent upon how the situation plays out with Merck and their product and obviously, we are not privy to their discussions with the regulatory agency in that regard and so that's probably going to be a better question for them. In regards to our o U.S. business, if you look our o U.S. Food Animal business growth was around 9% and our companion animal sales grew around 23% to give you some idea of our performance o U.S. Those two combined, you really gave us pretty robust growth outside of the U.S. and we continue to see significant growth opportunities going forward, so other than the food animal slowdown that we saw earlier in the year, which we are beginning to see as Jeff has said a little bit of a bounce back, we feel very encouraged about the future prospect of this business segment for us.
Derica Rice: John, we saw really two dynamics playing out in China at the moment. One is just the overall slowdown in economic growth in China, okay? The second factor has been growth related to the impact of some of the current compliance discussions that are going on in the China marketplace here in the late second and third quarter. We believe that obviously the economic underlying growth is going to be more of a constant matter to deal with. I think the question on the table is for some of these compliance matters that has impacted the growth dynamic in China, when we will begin to see the bounce back and kind of return more kind of a normalcy, so to speak. For us, we saw good growth in the quarter of 11% in China. It was below what we have seen in some of the prior quarters and prior years, but still in that strong double-digit range.
