Philip L. Johnson: Thank you, Derica. And based on feedback we received on the last couple of calls, those of you who are in the Q&A queue, if you could, please limit your questions to two or a single two-part question. And we'll rapidly go through as quickly as we can the questions and hopefully exhaust the queue during the Q&A time. So with that, Val, if you can, please provide the instructions to the callers for the Q&A session, and then we can go to the first caller, please.
Philip L. Johnson: Thank you, Dave, and then just one thing, Tim, to keep in mind. During 2015 we did get two different of our oncology drugs granted Breakthrough designation. One of those is olaratumab. The other, in fact, was abemaciclib, and that was based on the Phase 1b study that was largely monotherapy study. So again, the Phase 3 program should serve as the basis for registration. And if we do get very strong results in the Phase 2 study, as we said before, we absolutely would discuss those with the regulators and believe they would be interested in seeing those data. Val, if we can, go to the next caller, please.
Philip L. Johnson: One real quick comment. So in the EMPA-REG OUTCOME study as well, the incidence of diabetic ketoacidosis was very low and was actually consistent across the arms as well, so I think another data point to add to the discussion for that particular potential side effect. Val, if we can go to the next caller, please.
Philip L. Johnson: Great, Tony. Thanks for the questions. Enrique, so the two questions will be on the ADA guidelines, are there guidelines for Jardiance, and the second one is if the nephrology data that we alluded to that was presented in 2015 was part of the submission of the EMPA-REG OUTCOME data.
Philip L. Johnson: Steve, thanks for the questions. Dave, if you'll take the first one, please, on some of the Novartis comments around Cosentyx and ixekizumab; and then, Sue, on the ribociclib question.
Philip L. Johnson: Great, Andrew. Thanks for the questions. First, Sue, if you would, and then we'll go to Enrique for the Jardiance question.
Philip L. Johnson: Great, Gregg. Thanks for the questions. Dave, do you want to talk about CGRP? Jan, feel free to chime in if you'd like as well. And then we'll have maybe Sue take a shot at the second question on the Keytruda-abemaciclib trial.
Philip L. Johnson: And we had the press release that went out last year in December that Dave had talked about. It would be likely to progress to Phase 2; that that would be in patients with metastatic breast cancer or non-small-cell lung cancer. In terms of timing, enrollment begins early 2016. So certainly, I don't think you'd be expecting to see data this year. That would be into the future, and we'll have a better feel for that as we see how enrollment accrues in the trial.
Philip L. Johnson: Alex, thanks for the questions. Jan and Dave, if you'd like to respond to the Roche deal that was announced and timing for that and our interest in that; and then Sue, the Cyramza question, please.
Philip L. Johnson: Great. Thank you, Sue. Thanks, Alex, for the questions. Val, if we can, go to the next caller please.
Philip L. Johnson: I also believe, Geoff, that some of the criticism – we had taken this into account as we designed the program for baricitinib on some other trials, particularly when they were comparing to Humira, is that they were not run on background methotrexate. We did run this study with Humira on background methotrexate to give it its best shot of performing well. We think it performed as expected, and we're very pleased with the robust result. We saw baricitinib routinely providing better relief for the signs and symptoms of RA. So we believe this is a very robust finding.
Philip L. Johnson: Great. Thanks, John. That does take us to the end of the call. We do appreciate all of you listening in or listening to the replay. Your interest in Eli Lilly & Company is very much appreciated. 2015 was an outstanding year for the company both in terms of the strong financial performance as well as substantial pipeline movement and progress that we registered during the year. We believe 2016 is shaping up to be an exciting year and an important one for implementation of our innovation-based strategy. We look forward to keeping you appraised of our progress over the course of the year, and we hope you have a great day.
Susan Mahony: Yes, Tim, thanks for the question. With regards to the MONARCH 1 trial, which as you say is the single-arm, single-agent abemaciclib study, we should get the data on that mid this year, final data with some interim data earlier. As you know, we've also got the two Phase 3 studies, the MONARCH 2 and MONARCH 3 as well that are in combinations, and we should get that data next year with potential interims this year. We do believe that the single-agent data is an important part. It's not the whole, of course. We'll be interested in seeing all of the data in breast as well as our lung trial, which is ongoing. But this is specifically looking at abemaciclib as a single-agent. We've seen robust single-agent activity in our early-phase data, our Phase 1 data that we presented previously. And clearly, if we replicate that, we think that this could differentiate this product from an efficacy perspective. So we're excited to see the data, and we would hope that we would be able to present that data at a scientific meeting this year.
Susan Mahony: Yeah, with regard to abemaciclib, we will see the data on MONARCH 1 by mid this year, the final data, with interim data earlier. Again, that is the single-agent data. That, as we mentioned earlier, is the data that we got Breakthrough Therapy on. And depending on what that data looks like, we will go to regulatory authorities. The other two studies are the combination studies, and I think they're more comparable. We will have – or we plan to have final data on those studies next year, but we do have interims. They're high-bar interims. And clearly depending on what we see there, we'll take action accordingly. I think it's key to note, as we see things, single-agent activity is important. We have not seen that kind of robust single-agent activity with other CDK 4/6 inhibitors. We believe that is due to the relative contribution between the activity against CDK 4 and CDK 6. The other thing is the continuous dosing. These are cell cycle inhibitors, and so you would hope that you would be able to continuously dose these. And we have seen that we are able to continuously dose this agent. So again, that's where we will see – we believe could potentially differentiate this from the other two CDK 4/6 inhibitors going forward.
Susan Mahony: Yes. Clearly, we first we need to get the data, and then we need to decide whether we go to the FDA with regards to that data. As usual, the trial was agreed with the FDA previously. And although we have seen an uptake on palbo, not all patients are getting palbo. And a lot of these patients are actually pretreated with several different agents. I think it's five to seven or five-plus. So I think it's important that it's a specific group of patients where there really is a high unmet need. And if we see good data in that patient group, we feel good that not only would it show single-agent activity and we confirm the Phase 1 data where we saw robust single-agent activity, but it also would meet a very important need for these patients.
Susan Mahony: As you know, we are doing a number of studies looking at combinations across our internal pipeline of marketed products with immuno-oncology agents. We believe that combination therapies are going to be important, specifically in three areas, in cell signaling, in the micro environment, and also in I-O. If we're looking at the abema study, that's Phase 1 data. Clearly, we're looking at early safety data and potentially efficacy, but mainly early safety data, with looking at the I-O agents for immune clearing of cells. And abema induces senescence, whether the combination of those would have a beneficial effect.
Susan Mahony: Yes, we did see some competitive pressure on Alimta in Q4. As we mentioned before, Alimta is standard of care in the non-squamous setting. And with the new agents that are launching, particularly in the second-line setting, clearly we've got two immuno-oncology agents now. We've got Cyramza. We've also got the EGFR third-generation TKIs. And we are seeing significant competitive activity in the second-line setting. And we do have – and we're seeing therefore an impact on Alimta in that setting and also in some of the later lines where we're not promoting. Our focus continues to be to secure Alimta's first-line use and continuation maintenance use. That's where we'll continue to focus our efforts. We also believe that we've got actually a very nice offering to thoracic physicians across the thoracic portfolio now in the first-line setting. In the non-squamous we've got Alimta. In the squamous we've now got Portrazza with our launch just now, just recently, and of course with Cyramza across the second-line in both histologies. So our focus with our dedicated sales force now in the U.S. focused on thoracic will be to ensure that we continue to establish and secure Alimta's use in the first-line of continuation agents.
Susan Mahony: Yeah, sure. With regards to – let me take the second one first. With regards to the TGF beta, we have a number of studies ongoing in Phase 2 as well as combination studies with I-O agents, and we should be seeing data on those probably this year and next year. With regards to abemaciclib, again, from a single-agent activity, if you want to look at a comparator, you probably should be looking around eribulin. I think the key thing around that as well is to look at the other single-agent activity across the other CDKs.
Susan Mahony: So with regards to Cyramza, we had a really good uptake in lung when we launched last year. We have seen some flattening over the last few months, and that is based on the competitive set that we talked about previously. Of course, our course in lung is to continue to identify the patients that we see can benefit from the Cyramza-docetaxel combination. The feedback that we get from physicians is still very positive when they use Cyramza. And clearly, we need to make sure that we break through the noise in the second-line market with all the competition that's there. With gastric, we continue to have an opportunity. Clearly, gastric is a smaller market in the U.S. than lung. We continue to have an opportunity to bring usage from later lines of therapy into the second-line setting and to ensure that the combination data with paclitaxel is well known by the physicians who treat gastric cancer. And what we are finding is that because gastric cancer is not as prevalent as lung cancer, often doctors don't see as many patients, and we need to make sure that we continue to go back. We see that we have an opportunity to continue to grow there. And with colorectal, although that's not a key focus for us in the U.S., that is actually exceeding our expectations with regards to the uptake. We are also launching across the globe with Europe. We're in the second wave of launching in gastric cancer now that we got access and reimbursement. We also just got approval for lung and colorectal cancer in Europe, so we'll be launching those this year. And we launched mid-last year, at the end of June in Japan the gastric cancer indication. And that launch is going exceedingly well, and we are very pleased with both the feedback and the uptake that we're seeing in Japan.
David A. Ricks - President: Yes, Tim. On the BACE inhibitor, I think it would be just pure speculation to guess on what the outcome of the interim safety readout is. Again, we're blinded to those events, and safety is a difficult thing to predict. This class has had some issues, although some molecules go forward, so we're hopeful. But one thing I can assure you is we will have an announcement in Q2. I think we have enough patients enrolled in the study, and we're looking for exposures to get to that trigger to expand to a Phase 3 for the AMARANTH study.
David A. Ricks - President: Yeah, so I think your question is how are we thinking about the two programs and decision-making. I think you were there on December 8, Chris, and we spoke about the theoretical differences in the projects. We do know that the AZ BACE and the Lilly BACE that's in the clinic have different chemistry. We really like this target because it's rare to find a genetic validation like this in any disease, let alone Alzheimer's, which has so much unmet need. And so we're investing in two different ways to get there. At the end of the day, the decision-making, though, is going to have to be based on empirical data, because the theoretical differences need to play out in man. So we're collecting those data. A part of that is the AMARANTH Phase 2 program we're running now and the Phase 1 effort on our own BACE. And we'll have to see the data before we make a final determination.
David A. Ricks - President: Sure. As you know, we're in the final stages of regulatory review on ixekizumab and preparing for launch later this year. I'm not surprised to hear what they said on their call, Steve, but I think we can only say for certain that the third one might be true. Clearly, we will launch with psoriasis first. And we're pursuing psoriatic arthritis, as was mentioned on this call, as well as ankylosing spondylitis. Those indications will come later. That said, I think there's really no direct comparisons between the molecules on immunogenicity. And if you study this issue, you'd learn that the assay cut points, which are proprietary to each molecule, there's really no standard for setting those. So there's no basis to compare products within a class or even outside the classes on immunogenicity. I think the most important thing is at the end of the long-term studies, how many patients develop neutralizing antibodies to the medicine. And in the case of ixekizumab, that number is around 1% after one year, which is very low relative to other immuno-therapies for conditions like psoriasis. As it relates to injection site reactions, you have a similar comparison problem. There were reported injection site reactions. It was one of the most frequent issues in our studies, but they were mostly mild, they were transient, and we have good data that shows after the second and third injection those rates drop significantly. It's important to note that ixekizumab also has far fewer injections than Cosentyx in an annual dosing regimen, so fewer opportunities to get that kind of reaction. So we're confident about our posture as we go to market. We feel good about our data, and the primary basis for that statement is the efficacy we see with ixekizumab, which we see as breakthrough and best in class.
David A. Ricks - President: Sure. Mark, thanks for the question on Forteo, not one we always get here, but Forteo has been a great product for the company. We launched it more than 13 years ago. We're still growing this product really in every geography in the world. Notably in Asia now, we're in double-digit growth in both emerging markets and Japan, and in performance terms 5% last quarter. As we look ahead, I would say three things. First, this is a disease that has tremendous under-treatment. So today in the U.S., if you have a fracture, an osteoporotic fracture, less than one in ten women receive an anabolic therapy, which is really a problem. So there's a lot of room for new voices and new mechanisms to improve treatment for severe osteoporosis. I think sclerostins as a target is a great target. We have our own asset in the space, although moved back to Phase 1 as we look for an acceptable commercial formulation. Risk/benefit has to be borne out in the larger trials, and we'll look forward to seeing that from the competitive program. But I think there's room for more than one mechanism to build bone in people who suffer from severe osteoporosis, and frankly the patients probably need choices. That all said, as we think about our midterm, Mark, it's important to note that, as I'm sure you've already researched, the IP on Forteo in the U.S. and in other major markets really begins to expire at the end of this decade. So although we would expect continued good performance through the end of the decade, around 2019 – 2020 we would expect to see some form of biosimilar or generic competition, depending on the geography we're talking about.
David A. Ricks - President: Great. Thanks, Gregg. We've initiated now the Phase 3 program for the acute and the chronic migraine – episodic and chronic migraine patients. This is really not two diseases; it's one disease. There's a cut point in the way these get classified in terms of frequency of headache. I think that's similar to what other people are doing. It's important you note we actually are carrying two doses into the Phase 3 program because we think optimizing efficacy and dosing convenience in a preventative setting like this will be critical. We like our chances in doing that but want to make sure we have the optimal dose frequency and concentration to get the maximal efficacy. Those studies are enrolling now, and we expect data before the end of 2017. These are not long studies to study this condition. The only other reminder I'd throw out there is we do also have a cluster headache program, which is both episodic and chronic cluster, and that is also enrolling. We do expect data in the chronic cluster setting this year, as was indicated by Derica on the key events slide. And that will be the first Phase 3 information we have on CGRP.
David A. Ricks - President: Sure, yes. As you know, we have a number of interesting Phase 2 initiatives to explore future indications for baricitinib. I would say there's a high priority for the company to work through those and make lifecycle decisions this year on baricitinib. Diabetic nephropathy is one of them. The data look strong, as presented last year at the American Diabetes Association, but I would point out two things that I think are things weighing on our minds. One is the way in which these studies are conducted under the current regulatory guidance is not the simplest path to market. The studies can be long. Patient selection can be difficult, and recruitment rates historically in the industry are very low for these studies, or slow, I should say. And we need to then balance what looks like strong clinical data against other opportunities we have right now with the molecule in psoriasis. We have data in – we're studying in atopic dermatitis. We're looking at several other more immunology indications, so to be determined. I would expect, Colin, through the year, we'll exit the year with lots of clarity on the path to Phase 3 for baricitinib NILEX or line extensions. Ixekizumab, I think we're in great shape. We're anticipating approval in the world's major markets, Japan, U.S., and Europe, in this calendar year. We are prepared to rapidly or immediately after approval commercialize the product. We think we've got a great value proposition for payers. We've got a compelling efficacy for patients, and the KOLs I talked to are highly interested in the class and in ixekizumab. And we see actually the class leader doing extremely well I think relative to our expectations. I think it bodes very well for ixekizumab.
David A. Ricks - President: Sure. I'll start on the Roche. Jan, you can jump in. Yesterday we announced a collaboration with Roche Diagnostics, which allows the two of us to see a way for that technology to get to the marketplace. This is a methodology that runs on the Roche standard diagnostic kit, which is pretty well established around the world to measure a beta in CSF of patients in a standardized way. As we outlined at our Alzheimer's day on December 8, if we move to the mode of saying if sola [solanezumab] is successful, we do see a number of challenges in early adoption and in treatment of patients. One of them will be the detection of amyloid positivity. And although PET scanning is available in some countries, it's not widely available in others. And so in order to enable patients to have easy and the most convenient access to detect whether they have amyloid positivity, this is one step of many we're taking or have taken to expand access to detection of amyloid positivity, which is key to sola uptake, assuming success. There's nothing new we know about sola. This is just part of our market prep, which we need to do to get a running start should that be successful.
David A. Ricks - President: Okay, great. On solanezumab, as we were speaking about earlier with the diagnostic test, there's no doubt that Alzheimer's is a prevalent condition with horrible outcomes, and we need disease-modifying agents. But again, as we pointed out in our December talk, the market isn't set up to really treat en masse people with disease-modifying therapies. One barrier you're pointing out here, which is available PET scanning. Now I think Lilly is in a bit of a unique position here, and I think we've demonstrated that pretty clearly in the Phase 3 enrollment world. We feel we're best in class in the ability to identify patients, put them through PET scanning centers, and get them in our studies. EXPEDITION-3 is the most recent example. We enrolled 2,000 people in 20 months. But enrollment in a study is small by comparison to getting market acceptance of a drug. So we're working hard on that issue. A reminder, Amyvid, which is the leading mode of detection for amyloid, is a Lilly asset approved in Europe and the U.S. We have the only tau PET detecting technique in the clinic. That could also have some utility. And we need to look at the tau sub-study in the sola program. So we have those assets and I think could invest in a way that would look at the whole rather than the parts. That puts Lilly in a unique strategic position. But I do want to continue to emphasize. I think there are structural barriers to rapid adoption of the technology, payer systems, even the ability to infuse and have patients treated consistently. We're working all those thing prudently because we don't have the EXPEDITION-3 outcomes yet, but working to put ourselves in a position to maximize the opportunity should it present itself at the end of this year. And then on bari [baricitinib], I think your question is would we or are we planning to replicate the BEAM study head to head against adalimumab. At this point we have not announced such plans. Of course, we're always looking at our options, but I think the first step now is to get some regulatory feedback on likely label claims from the program we just submitted, and we don't know how strong or weak that is right now. And I think any decision like the one you're suggesting, we would want to be informed by the regulatory process. So we can tackle that one maybe later this year or early next year.
Enrique A. Conterno: Very good. So, Jami, you are absolutely right. Our U.S. Jardiance revenue is not consistent with the sequential TRx growth that we're basically observing for the overall franchise, with just basically 30%. I had mentioned that before we disclosed the top line results for EMPA-REG OUTCOME. The franchise was capturing about 15% of the new patients in the SGLT-2 class. Right now, that is the franchise. As we look at the latest weeks, it's capturing over 26% of the new patients. The reason of the lack of consistency, we had a one-time adjustment due to changes in assumptions when it comes to the accrual for the inventory that we have in the channel. Without that accrual, you would have seen revenue growth or sequential revenue growth consistent with the TRx growth. Now as it relates to when do we expect the new label, clearly we have now shared that the FDA has designated this to be a standard review, which basically means that we would be launching in the second half of this year. I'm not in a position to speculate in terms of what the label would read like. But we clearly are bullish on our data, the consistency and the strength of the data. And we do believe that this is going to have, when the FDA takes action, this will have a very significant impact on the overall trend of Jardiance and the class in general.
Enrique A. Conterno: We are not promoting the new label, so it's difficult to say what the reaction from the broad physician population would be. But we do conduct some targeted market research. And it is pretty clear to us I think based on the research that we basically have that about half of the physicians believe that this has been proved to be a class effect. Let's keep in mind, there's no evidence of that. And half believe that this might be a Jardiance type of effect. So I think the jury is clearly out for the other products, but we do have the evidence for Jardiance. And we think that is going make a huge difference when we basically have the label. We are seeing actually strength in the overall class. So I would say that probably the biggest event that we saw impacting the overall growth of the class was some of the warnings when it comes to diabetes ketoacidosis. So we saw stabilization somewhere in September – October when the EMPA-REG OUTCOME data came out. And now we're basically seeing class growth. So I do not believe in any way that – my bullishness in the overall growth of the class continues to be very, very high.
Enrique A. Conterno: So let me start with your second question first. Clearly as part of our submission, we really focused on the CV outcomes. We will be disclosing the outcomes that we saw when it comes to renal outcomes in the very near future. There is a publication that we're targeting. We think that the results are also very impressive, so we look forward for the possibilities that that may give us when it comes to the future. As far as guidelines, and I really cannot comment on other companies' statements. But what I can basically say is that we today do not see any significant changes in the treatment guidelines for Type 2 diabetes coming from any of the major societies or associations, whether it's ADA or EASD. Clearly, the AACE [American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists] issued new guidelines, but they really did not fully incorporate the EMPA-REG OUTCOME data as they were looking at those guidelines – and this package of those – some of those guidelines in early January. I am pretty confident that the different societies will have a thorough review of the different treatment guidelines. And I expect, as I have mentioned before, that that will happen once we basically have a label change in the U.S. market or in Europe.
Enrique A. Conterno: Clearly, the data for empagliflozin when it comes to heart failure from the EMPA-REG OUTCOME study was very impressive. There's not much that I can share now other than just to say that you can imagine that we are actively exploring and thinking about this very important opportunity for the brand.
Enrique A. Conterno: Yes, so we are very pleased with the performance of Humalog on a global basis. The product grew 15% in local currency in Q4. I think this is remarkable given all of the new launches that we basically have ongoing, so we are very pleased. We are gaining share in most key geographies. A key driver for that is the launch of our Humalog U-200 KwikPen, which is basically adding growth to this important brand for us. When we look specifically at the U.S., which grew 20% for the quarter, we have to keep in mind that we had a negative adjustment in Q4 of last year, so this is an easier comparison. That adjustment was about 10 points. So if we were to take that out, I think – or maybe a better way of saying it, it's probably better to look at the entire year as a better reflection of the overall growth for the product in the U.S. market.
Enrique A. Conterno: Sure. So we don't share our future expectations for our products or forecasts, but we do know what some of the pricing is in the different markets. They're public, at least the listed prices. In general, we see our biosimilar, Basaglar, our biosimilar for Lantus, Basaglar, is 10% to 20% below Lantus. It's difficult to say because there are sometimes rebates that are given that are not public, what the exact price difference might be. But what I can share is that we're pleased with our performance. Each country has its own dynamics. And we basically need to see how this all is going to unfold. We expect this is going to be an important product for us and clearly complements our overall diabetes portfolio.
Enrique A. Conterno: Yes, first, I think the best way to frame this is we really try to ensure that we have appropriate access for our products in the different formularies. The strength in our portfolio, the strength of our brands is really helping us because our payers do want to include products that are basically becoming more relevant for customers that have good outcomes. And we do have a portfolio of brands that I think is very strong and, in fact, is gaining share across every class, across every region, so a very strong performance. That allows us to basically have maybe a bit more leverage than in the past when it comes to thinking about the type of discount that we basically provide. I cannot talk about the specific discounts. But what I can basically say is that we see our pricing basically stable to slightly up in most product categories.
John C. Lechleiter: Chris, I think the current volatility and generally lower valuations in the biotech sector doesn't change our basic strategy. We continue to look for small to midsized opportunities that complement the therapeutic areas that we're already in that we know well, so I don't think that has changed. We're certainly not interested in any large-scale M&A. At the same time, there's no question that valuations are more attractive today. There are some different dynamics going on. As you know, biotech is not biotech. There's big biotech. There's medium size, and there's nascent or smaller. And so we're looking across that whole spectrum. And if opportunity presents itself based on attractive valuation and what we think would represent good value for the company, we have the wherewithal to move on that.
John C. Lechleiter: Okay, Mark. Thanks for your question. I think yes, M&A from within our major trade organizations, so this would be pharma and bio, there have been, certainly since the last time we discussed this, I think a number of initiatives aimed at putting prices in perspective and then also providing the kind of information that policymakers and key advocacy groups need to have, we believe, to make sure that this debate remains balanced, and that this industry, which we all hope in the future can provide cures for things like Alzheimer's, cancer, and other diseases, remains strong and viable in this country. I think that when you look at it from that aspect, the old saying goes, facts are stubborn things. I think when you look at the comparison year that in many cases is being used as ammunition in this debate, 2014, as all of you know, was a breakout year in terms of pricing, driven by the launch of the hep C drugs, which in some cases cure up to 90% of the people that take those medicines, and the warehousing and in other words the inventory of patients waiting to receive those medicines. If you go back and look at 2009 to 2013, these are not Lilly's numbers. This data is from CMS, that the overall price of drugs, retail and non-retail, the price increases in that period lagged significantly overall healthcare inflation. We felt the pain, obviously, by the fact that we lost patents on four of our biggest products during that period. CMS projections out to 2024 show that, based on everything we know and everything they can see, that the rate of increase in drug prices is going to fall roughly within the same line as the rate of increases in overall healthcare. So yes, I think that's one side of the equation. The second side of the equation is the consumer aspect. It's great to talk facts and figures with policymakers. But if they're hearing from consumers that they got walloped with a huge copay or that they're not able to access medicines they need, obviously we're sympathetic and empathetic to that and tuned into that with various patient assistance programs, copay assistance, et cetera, but also I think a continuing push to ensure that everybody in this country has access to quality insurance. Medicines, after all, help prevent disease in many cases or treat disease and avoid higher downstream costs. This is well documented. I think we've got to keep that in perspective as well. In terms of what we can expect after the election, anybody that thinks they can predict the nomination, much less the election right now, I'd love to talk to them. But I think this is going to continue to be an issue or it's going continue to be on the radar screen because of demographics. And to some extent, as people get older, they're going to be more and more reliant on our medicines. I think we've got to continue to demonstrate that there's value in the medicines we bring. Yes, they can be expensive, but disease is a lot more expensive, and emphasize the fact that low-cost generics, which account for over four out of five prescriptions today, represent ultimately the legacy of these investment efforts on our part and provide the American consumer with tremendous value. So I think you can assume the industry is going to continue to maintain an active dialogue with each of the candidates and to work across party lines to make sure that the views that ultimately translate into policy – and that's what we've really got be focused on – remain balanced and factual over time. So I don't think there's – while I think we are and should be concerned about the rhetoric, I think the facts of the underlying story remain very strong. And I think in surveys of consumers that we've done, I think the interest is just as keen in what we can do to prevent or slow down the progression of diseases like Alzheimer's, how we gain more incremental – incrementally take more steps in treating and curing cancer. And even with diabetes, what can we do there to go from in essence slowing down the progression of the disease today to perhaps someday abating the complications altogether? Clearly, we're working on all of those things, and I think that's what people expect us – the research-based industry to do. And we've got to distinguish the research-based industry from other aspects of this price debate.
John C. Lechleiter: Richard, I can't speculate on a hypothetical situation like the one you raised. I think you can assume that we're working hard across our entire Alzheimer's portfolio with sola in the lead. We're eagerly anticipating that data in the fourth quarter. And I think this year we'll really complete the lion's share of the integration of Novartis Animal Health within Elanco. Getting Elanco back to growth, getting us position to take full advantage of our number three global player size is going be our top priority.
John C. Lechleiter: I think what I can say I think in terms of exposure, we're significantly less exposed than we were when we had the big neuroscience psychiatric medical business here. I'm talking about Cymbalta and Zyprexa. Clearly, we have some exposure, not nearly what it was, but I think the number you're talking about in terms of the aggregate impact to my knowledge is still correct in terms of approximating the impact to the industry of the fee and the other measures that's a part of the Affordable Care Act of 2010. And so I think you can assume that on our policy agenda this is at the top of the list. And we believe that it's bad policy and ultimately for the people affected would be bad medicine. And we continue to build arguments and to maintain – attempt to maintain support for this not to happen.
