Derica W. Rice: Hi, Bruce. In regard to our tax rate guidance, just a reminder we said that in our mid-term guidance that our tax rate would be no higher than the mid 20s, meaning of that’s the maximal we expected to go. Fortunately, we’ve been very successful thus far and through the management of operations as well as where our cash has been generated, our income has been generated around the world, and we’d be able to stay in that low 20s. As you see here in the first quarter, we’re also benefiting from how the impact of the U.S. R&D tax credit both in terms of the full effect of ‘12 being recorded in the first quarter of ‘13 as well as the resumption of the R&D tax credit in the Q1 itself. So we still believe that we’ll be able to say below that mid 20s at least. And we’re also at the same time well able to bring back sufficient cash to the U.S. to fund that U.S. operations.
Derica W. Rice: Okay, David in regards to SG&A, just to remind in the guidance that we provided at the beginning of the year, it included the actions that you’ve seen culminating in terms of us announcing here today in terms of the U.S. restructuring of our sales force. So all of these things have contemplated in the forward-looking statements that we’ve made, in regards to kind of the future, we believe we have again the right sales force footprint to accommodate the portfolio mix that we have at the moment. The biggest key is going to see how the pipeline plays out, and the future impact that has there, you would expect that in terms of as we progressed through the year and if we march closer towards December [11], when we lose Cymbalta that you will see us further, pull back on some of our promotional activities behind Cymbalta, such as DTC, but until that, when exactly that will happen, we will not disclose. And we will constantly going to monitor the effect that is having, and obviously as we also get into the fourth quarter, you will see us beginning to have to deal with either both by returns reserve for Cymbalta and you could see, wholesale is beginning to the stock, so these are the kinds of things we will be monitoring as we process through the year to understand what are our promotional mix should be behind that brand.
Derica W. Rice: Hi, David this is Derica again, we are really not in a position to give specific guidance for 2014 at this stage, I still believe the biggest determine of that is still going to be what emerges from our pipeline clearly…
Derica W. Rice: We will be in a position this year to potentially submit up to five products for regulatory approval. Depending upon the outcomes of those submissions, and when we see the approval, there could be incremental spend that would be behind some of those brands if we’re successful, but until we know that it’s very difficult to predict at this state. What I can’t say is that today with the actions we’ve taken and that we’ve announced here most recently, we’re very consistent and in line with both the near-term and medium term guidance that we have put out here in terms of the actions that was necessary to make sure that we meet those minimum of $20 billion of revenue $3 billion in income and $4 billion in cash flow. And we see our actions very consistent with that and we’re actually a little bit ahead of what we thought we would be at this stage.
Jan M. Lundberg: Right, so w are evaluating and the story in the Phase 3 trial for the diffused large B-cell lymphoma and the inherited test for the potential to present relapse in patients following standard of care which is called R-CHOP for this particular form of new format. We have completed the enrollment and are expecting data very soon and the primary end point is disease free survival. If positive, we could potentially have an NDA submission later this year.
Jan M. Lundberg: All right. So as you know we have completed regard trial for ramucirumab and monotherapy for second line gastric cancer where we showed overall survival. The Fast Track status has been granted and we have initiated a rolling submission starting with the preclinical module, and the plan is to have everything submitted before the end of the year for ram.
Jan M. Lundberg: Right. So the question about pancreas effects of DPP-4s and GLP-1s have been debated for sometime and we should remember first here that diabetes patients, in general, has the higher risk for pancreatitis, and also then in the label for DPP-4s. There is an increased risk of pancreatitis dimension.  The – in relation to dulaglutide, we are still analyzing the data which will be presented at the ADA in June. But so far we have not seen any established quarter link between the dulaglutide and pancreatitis nor pancreas cancer. We are carefully watching this area and as you know safety is very high on our agenda.
Jan M. Lundberg: Okay. Let me just start by saying that we are going to test mild Alzheimer's Disease not moderate patients and that is based on the previous data than from EXPEDITION I and II, where it was the tool mild patient population that’s actually had a significant benefit, particularly on commission and the slight effect those on function. What we are doing currently is that we have ongoing discussions with regulators globally to prepare them for EXPEDITION III, which we plan to start during Q3 and that is what we can say for the moment.
Jan M. Lundberg: Okay, here is an update on some of the programs in Phase 2 and let me start with glucagon receptor antagonist, which is an oral agent in type 2 diabetes where we have Phase 2b data showing them glucose lowering et cetera, so that’s next generation agent but potentially in for that the oral part and of type 2 diabetes. And we will present some further data this year on this agent. Then the next one is tabalumab, a monoclonal antibody against Sclerostin which have been shown to be a very potent anabolic agent and we will present some data in May for this agents, it has unique anabolic than building properties also compare to current products on the market like Forteo. The next one is our oral base inhibitor, beta-secretase inhibitor which is in Phase II trials actually then for carrying forward at Phase III with those ranging and also looking at some safety aspects, this as you know the beta-secretase is an intriguing target which recently has been associated by genetics and to be active protective against Alzheimer's disease dementia and we hope to mimic this by this all other regions. And finally in the oncology area we have a CDK 4/6 oral agent which has been tested in various tumors including mantle cell lymphoma where this mechanism has been particularly implied for driving the tumor growth.
Jan M. Lundberg: Great. Just to be clear, Ilissa have mentioned to me, when Derica was talking about the additional $100 million to $150 million impact from the Medicare part, you don’t know holders to be for that for the full year as we talk about sort of changes to we’ve had in our previous guidance. We would have obviously a much smaller impact on that in this particular quarter. And okay, are there any other callers? Okay, by the way we – regards to Mark, you would also for the restructuring of the U.S. sales force we actually accrued our provision for that in the fourth quarter of ‘12
Philip Johnson: So, we don’t have Dave with us on the call. So I think we’ll go ahead and have Jan handle your first question with regards to ramucirumab and then Derica you can handle the last two.Gregg Gilbert – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, thanks.
Philip Johnson: Okay. Great, thanks, Chris. We’ll have Jeff, obviously, handle your first question and then either Travis or Jan, I think will go ahead and handle the second one. Jeff.
Philip Johnson: Okay, Paul, if you could make sure you pull Jami in as soon as he can then we should be able to reconnect that would be great.
Philip Johnson: Great, Jami. And thanks for getting back in queue and thanks for the questions. Jan, if you want to go ahead and take the first question on update for the sola trial and then we’ll obviously have Travis comments as you close to that. And then Derica, you’re [if you just chime] and if you’d like on the second.
Philip Johnson: Great, thanks John. And Damien in terms of Sanofi being involved and doing their own biosimilar version of Lantus, I can’t say that we are aware of specific plans that they talked about to do that, but we are aware of we maybe referring to as if they are developing a more concentrated formula at Lantus and they’ve stated publicly I think that could have a different PKPD profile, time action profile and they’ve highlighted that as one of their later stage development program. In the past we have said and we continue to believe that overall glargine molecule will continue to be widely used throughout this decade and we would expect to be able to play quite competitively given our manufacturing expertise and capacity, our device expertise and capacity and then obviously our commercial presence, within that overall glargine space, but we would anticipate that branded Lantus whether it’s the current formulation or potentially this more concentrated forms that would get to market we’ll probably have roughly half of that overall glargine market would be our best estimate. We’ve been expect to compete very well in the novel insulin space hopefully, if we get approval of our novel basal insulin analog the name is actually improve upon the characteristics and the benefits provided to patients from the current [basals] that are available. Paul, we have any other callers on the line up.
Philip Johnson: Okay, fantastic. With that we will go ahead and conclude the call. I would like to thank all of you for dialing in and to participate and I appreciate your interest in Eli Lilly. We’re very pleased with our performance in the first quarter and the progress we’re marking with the pipeline. To that point, I want to remind you that coming up at the ADA on June 24, we’ll have a Investor meeting to discuss results, we’ll be presented at ADA for both dulaglutide and empagliflozin and then also to put on your calendar a reminder that on October 3, here in Indianapolis, we’ll be hosting our investment community update, the last one of which we had in June of 2011 in New York City, for addition to your regular scheduled earnings call, please put those on your calendars, we hope you can join us and we’ll keep it praises with our continued progress as we move forward during the year, have a great day.
Travis Coy: Yeah, Gregg, I’ll just give you one more detail on rolling submission. We just need to complete some typical product stability work. And as Jan mentioned, we do anticipate being able to complete that work by the end of the year.Gregg Gilbert – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great, thank you.
Travis Coy: Hey, Jami. We do understand that sequestration has introduced some challenges for oncologist with regards to treating patients that’s in Medicare system. At this time we are not seeing a significant impact to our Alimta sales, but obviously we are going to continue to monitor that situation and – we’ll continue to work towards making sure our patients have access to into. Thanks.
Travis Coy: And, Mark, regards to, I guess, two more questions, so I think you’ve got a total of five in there, so that’s good work. Once where the DPP-4 market, yeah, we’re (inaudible) with regards to TRX. We are, as you mentioned, beginning to see a slowdown in the overall market. But we’re very encouraged by the progress we’ve made with regards to Tradjenta. We’re now seeing around 20% need of brand, which is comparing favorably and we’ll continue to work towards increasing access for that product. With regards to the positioning of empagliflozin within the diabetes, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we’re encouraged by the independence of the both beta-cell function and insulin resistance from that mechanism and believe that SGLT-2 class will have or isn’t encouraging class as we filed in both U.S. and European regulatory agency. So we believe that will have a very strong positioning and in particularly due to the mechanism and potentially the combination with other products.
John C. Lechleiter: Okay, Steve thanks for the questions. I will go ahead and handle these, feel free to chime in the table if you like. So as we mentioned earlier, you’re seeing us not proceed with the submission of ramucirumab and second line gastric monotheraphy without waiting for the data in that second line trial and they’ll get the regulators determined as the data that we have is sufficient for them to go ahead in the time. As we mentioned in the past, we’re very encouraged by the data and it’s typical to treat cancer and line of therapy where there are no approved agency yet in the U.S. and Europe. In terms of the ram breast cancer timing, we have talked about having something in mid-year or summer of the two different ways we’ve described it. Appreciate the question. I am trying to nail down a little bit more closely when that might occur. We’ll have to monitor receive the actually occurrence of the event that are necessary to get the final PFS, as well as the interim OS. I would indicate probably not very likely that that would occur in time to lead to a topline in the first half, but clearly we stick with sort of this mid-year summer time type of guidance that we said we’re having data internally and then very quickly getting some kind of communication out of the Street would be our intention. And then there is really nothing I think to read into the change in our SEC filing in terms of the way that the method of use path and the concomitant use of vitamin B12 and folic acid with pemetrexed as described. I think it was just some shoring up of the other language based on reviews with internal counsel. So Paul, if we can go to the next caller please.
John C. Lechleiter: And Dave in terms of the revenues that we’d be bringing in from the investment and the Chinese healthcare company, Animal Healthcare company we don’t anticipated this time based on the structure and the minority stake that we have taken, but that would lead to equity accounting and therefore any particular impact on our financials. I also would say, if you look historically on your first question, SG&A is typically, significantly lower in the first quarter of the year than it is in the second, third or fourth quarters. If you force out our SG&A guidance for the full year, subtracting than the SG&A for Q1, you will see that we still do in total expect you are going to see higher levels of SG&A spend on average in these next three quarters than you saw in the first quarter of the year. Again we will have to monitor our progress both on rightsizing our detailing and marketing activities, as well progress you make on cost controls and update guidance appropriately as we go through the year. But currently we still are expecting that $7.1 billion and $7.4 billion in SG&A for the full year. So, Paul I think we can go to the next caller, please.
John C. Lechleiter: Damien, we talked in recent months and years about manufacturing investment from two aspects, our insulin portfolio. One is the active ingredient manufacturing process which is the biosynthetic piece. Investments that we’ve made and development strategies that we’ve began to put in place number of years ago, will enable us to essentially use the existing footprint that we currently have in place for manufacturing the active ingredient that goes with the Humulin and Humalog to not only continue to manufacture those medicines, but also the our novel basal insulin and our insulin Glargine product, without appreciable additional investment there is some additional investment required, but it’s far less than if we had to build our new plan and it enables to meet what we expect to be demand for those products through the decade. Now, we’ve recently very recently announced a further expansion, in our drug product manufacturing part of the equation, which is essentially additional capacity for manufacturing cartridges that really reflects growth in demand, we now manufacture those cartridge products both in, we will be manufacturing them both in the U.S. and in Europe. And even as we drive productivity from those operations I think that’s going to be more of a function of market demand as new products come to market and there is a greater demand in countries like China for these products you are going to see us continue to make those kinds of investments, but those are relatively smaller capital investments than investing and a plan to make new [API].
