John C. Lechleiter: Great, Tony, thank you for questions. Since we do have Enrique here who heads up our Diabetes business, we’ll have him take the first question on the filing strategy for insulin glargine here in the U.S., our insulin glargine product, I should say, in the U.S. And then, Jan will give the (inaudible) question.
John C. Lechleiter: Sure Mark. Thank you and thanks to Tony for your kind comments. I am back. I am very happy to be back and I’m going full-bore. With respect to Obamacare, I think despite some of the recent changes and challenges that we all know about, in terms of implementing that, our outlook relative to 2014 has not changed based on from what we have been planning all along, and I don’t think right now the implementation of the law is going to have any material impact on our business next year.
John C. Lechleiter: Jamie, this is John. Again thank you for your kind wishes there. With respect to business development, let me put it in a couple of buckets. I think first of all, we’ve probably been most active in the Animal Health space, where since about the middle of the last decade, we sort of have done a deal a year to sort of add to an augment, our core Animal Health business in addition to getting good strong organic growth. So I think you should expect that we’re going to continue to be aggressive with respect to business development at a still a fairly modest scope and scale to help a $2 billion business today get to $3 billion and $4 billion beyond that. We think that, that’s a great opportunity for our company. With respect to the Pharma part of the business, we continue to be vigilant obviously, and on the lookout for technology that we think could supplement or augment what we currently have coming out of our own pipeline. I think our greatest challenge in next few years is to make sure that, despite the headwinds we face in patent expirations, we’re able to adequately fund the completion of these Phase III trials, and make sure we have good launches, it’s what we hope will be a number of products as we come to the end of this patent expiration period. I think if there’s a wish list of sorts, it would be in my mind a license deal or a smaller kind of acquisition that could give us access to sales revenue in our Bio-Medicines business between now and say 2017. Obviously, that was so hard to come by, but we continue to be quite active in looking at these things. We’re still not interested in large scale, M&A and our investors should not expect that.
John C. Lechleiter: As we to PCSK9 first, the cardiovascular area is a keen interest to Lilly for instance than the connection to diabetics, which has a very high risk for cardiovascular disease. And as you know, we have an oral CETP inhibitor, approved in place to rate them for cardiovascular prevention, which then gives a very large HDL elevation. So I think it’s a good strategic fit then to have a molecule which gives also very powerful LDL lowering. And our molecule what we have seen then in our early clinical trials is, it could be a best in class molecule with a very powerful LDL lowering with very long duration and of great magnitude.
John C. Lechleiter: And Damien, on pricing in the U.S., as we go through the pre-patent expiration period, given some of the dynamics you are seeing and probably will see higher than average U.S. net price increases. We don’t expect those to be sustained after this period and we will go back to far more normal increases that you mentioned probably in that mid to upper single digit range depending on where we are in life cycle and new product launches.  We have seen over time that last five years, increasing pressure were a greater percentage of list price increases. It is essentially given back in the form of rebates and discounts and in other words leading us to realize that two thirds of list price increase has caused us half of list price increase on average. At this point I think we expect significant additional pressure on the U.S. pricing that we certainly don’t expect to see the pressure that has currently existed updating it all. Kathy, if there are more callers we have time for one more.
John C. Lechleiter: Great, well thank you very much to all of you for joining us live or listening on the reply. We are very pleased with our first half results this year that have positioned us to raise our full year 2013 guidance and put us on track to meet or exceed our minimum financial goals through 2014. We continue to progress the pipeline and are confident we’ll have four regulatory submissions of molecules this year, frankly an unprecedented number for a company of our size or probably of any size in the industry. We are very pleased with the progress we’ve made on the pipeline. Just a quick reminder, that prior to our third quarter call, the next major event we have, that which we hope to see many of you, or hopefully you would dial in is our October third investment community meeting that we will be holding here in Indianapolis. Once again, thank you for your interest in Eli Lilly & Company, we are very appreciative and hope you have a great day.
Enrique Conterno: Sure. Tony, we are not discussing our regulatory strategy for our insulin glargine product. As you are aware, we have filed in Europe and this has been filed through the EMA by the similar pathway. That’s what we can share at this time.
Enrique Conterno: Sure. So we won’t comment on competitive products, but what I can say is as we look at the uptick of these new classes, I think it’s early, but so far it is encouraging in terms of what we see, in terms of adoption by physicians of this product that has been launched both in the U.S. and Europe.Gregg Gilbert – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay.
Enrique Conterno: Sure. So, on the DPT-4 market we have seen a slowdown when we look at this market. I think it’s important to look at the history and when we look at what’s driving some of that growth, it was coming at the expense of both TCDs and to a lesser extent it’s use. Now the TCD opportunity is really drained out. So we basically see this as a change in the dynamics of why the DPT-4 markets has slowdown in the U.S. We still see fairly good growth outside of the U.S. When it comes to our share, I think we are pretty pleased in terms of our performance. We are gaining share on a consistent basis in most markets, including the U.S. and Japan. Notably we got the add-on indication in Japan earlier this year, which has made us much more competitive in that market and we have seen significant uptick as a result of that. But we are pleased with our share performance everywhere, where we look. When it comes to rebates, I think it’s important to know that as we look at [the agenda], specifically in the U.S., our Tier 2 access in commercial is 65%. So that’s not a level of access that I would classify as trying to really compete on pricing. When we look at our composite access, it’s still below that of when we look at both commercial, but it’s still below that of when we look at both commercial, and it is still below that of some of the leaders in this class. So we are gaining share despite the fact that we still have opportunities for increased access at the tier 2 level.
Enrique Conterno: Yes, absolutely as we have stated in the year back, I think our intent is to offer a second high quality glargine option for patients. We believe that competition is going to be driven by the experiences of those individual patients. We have to remember here in licensing the critical role, as well as the level of support and service that we provide both physicians and the staff. So yeah, we are thinking that the market dynamics are more closely going to assemble that over the branded market.
Jan M. Lundberg: Yeah. In relation to VEGF, our inhibitors and ramu more specifically, we did see a correlation for ramu between PFS and overall survival in the monotherapy for second-line gastric cancer and now we need to wait and see if we can repeat that for the other indications. Thank you.
Jan M. Lundberg: In relation to our CDK 4/6 inhibitor, we are very encouraged by the initial data we have seen and now we are doing a variety of tumor expansions. One advantage of our compound could be that actually it has a safety profile that enables continuous dosing without introduction, which the other competitor compounds don’t seem to be able to do. So, even if there maybe some side effects, I think we need to see this in comparison to the other agency in the same class.
Jan M. Lundberg: Yeah, in relation to our base inhibitor, what we saw was elevation of liver and lungs that came with time, and which caused those accident to stop this program. We believe, it’s likely to be molecule specific based on the totality or base biology, which has been published for humans and animal studies. It remains to be seen however, what happens with other base molecules.
Derica W. Rice: Gregg, in January when I made that comment, this is when we were able to, as we look at the analysts estimates, they were well below our $3 billion guidance that we have put out here. It’s the minimum that we thought we could achieve through this period. Now it’s moved up somewhat, but we are absolutely still committed, as I even said here today that we have to believe we can exceed those minimums that we put out here. So, if you look at our performance here, through the first half of 2013, we actually believe we’re on track to at least meet or exceed those goals.Gregg Gilbert – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks so much.
Derica W. Rice: Great, Mark. Thanks for the questions. Enrique will start off. Then I’ll take the ram breast cancer, and then we’ll have John talk about the healthcare reforms as we move forward into 2014, additional implementation of some of the aspects of that law.
Derica W. Rice: Yeah, one quick comment in terms of share, I know some of you Mark and others on the sell side, do follow not only total prescriptions and new prescriptions but also new to brand. And I think you will see that during this year we’ve actually passed Onglyza on the new to brand. Share of market that may be a leading indicator of where NRx, and then TRx may have in the future, so Enrique said we are very pleased with the performance. In terms of ramucirumab for breast cancer and what's necessary for filing. There are definitely differences among regulatory bodies in the European Union essentially the main driver will be the progression-free survival data not necessarily the overall survival data. In the U.S. as you are alluding to, it’s a bit more of holistic equation looking at both the magnitude and significance of the PFS benefit, and then what’s being seen in terms of the trend for OS. I think strictly speaking, it doesn’t necessarily need to have a large statistically significant OS benefit if other attributes of the molecule are very strong like the progression-free survival benefit, the safety profile et cetera. So again obviously the best case scenario is, you’ve got stats figure result on your survival and it’s not an issue, but clearly it doesn’t seem to be a prerequisite, and we look rather overall features of the molecule, determine the best filing strategy and indicate to you, that you should look at the overall safety and efficacy profile to try to gauge likelihood of approval, employ the commercial uptake as well. Johnny will comment on the Affordable Care Act or ‘14.
Derica W. Rice: Good morning, Jamie. This is Derica. As you recall in April, we announced further steps in the restructuring of our U.S. commercial operations, where we essentially reduced the size of our U.S. sales force by about 30%. And we indicated at that time, that the savings on a full year annual rate should be somewhere between $200 million to $250 million. Now we’ve just – that’s now complete. So some of that may show up in the second half of the year, but we’ll get the full year impact starting in 2014. We will continue to look for opportunities to further refine and streamline our business operations. As you also saw from our results, we got really good leverage at the gross margin line and some of that was priced, but all of those – some of it was driven by the efficiency of our manufacturing operations, our plans are running all out in terms of full growth in as well as doing very good job of expense management. When we think about 2014, also bear in mind that not just on the SG&A line, but also in terms of the R&D line, we are in the midst of completing some very large and expensive trials. As those roll of between 2013 and 2014, that gives us some relief on our R&D line as well. So this is why we are extremely confident that we can achieve those minimum goals that we put out there for 2014 in terms of Eli’s achieving $33 billion in net income. And very much the performance we’ve seen year-to-date says that we’re absolutely on track to get there.Jami Rubin – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks, Derica.
Derica W. Rice: Steve, in regards to the U.S. price benefit seen in this quarter, and at the product level the two biggest drivers of that will be Cymbalta and Evista. Obviously it’s very good for us in the quarter and for the year, but we know that will come to an end as we endure the patent expiries of those two products beginning in December and then Q1 for Evista in 2014.
Derica W. Rice: Okay, sure. Chris this is Derica. In regard to the guidance update it really is, the organization honestly is doing an outstanding job of just deriving productivity gains that we think are sustainable across the business. So these are not one-time effects, and so that absolutely gives us even greater confidence in our ability to meet those minimums I talked about for 2014, especially the $3 billion in net income. And so we believe we are very much on track to get to those goals. In regards to the long-term view, as you recall, you’re correct this time last year, we talked on our Q2 earnings call for 2012. We’ve talked about the opportunity for Lilly to begin to expand margins coming out in the 2014 trough, and we still always see that as being an opportunity before us. The two elements that will drive us expanding those margins is obviously we’re planning on returning to revenue growth coming out of the losses involved in Evista, and that’s a net 2015, 2016, 2017 timeframe, while at the same time being able to get greater leverage from both our commercial and our manufacturing footprint. And not having to grow those to cost base or expense base is at the same rate as our revenue growth. And that’s what’s really going to drive that expansion. Obviously, one of the questions we get often is, Derica if we do not achieve the pipeline output that you’re hoping for, do you believe that you can still expand margins? We still believe we can expand margins coming out, obviously how we get there will differ, and it would depend upon which assets from the pipeline emerge or don’t emerge. So that’s why we’re not able to be more specific at this stage, because we have to see how the pipeline itself specifically plays out.
Derica W. Rice: Marc, in regards to Animal Health, we did see a very solid bounce back in our Animal Health business in the second quarter with 6% growth. As you saw from Melissa’s comments earlier that, it was really driven by good strong growth in our combined animal business both in U.S. and outside of the U.S. And also the good news is, we saw a further stabilization in our food animal business versus the drag that we were experiencing in Q1. As we report, we still expect that, we should be able to drive good growth in our Animal Health business both in the second half of 2013, but as well as we think about 2014 as future years. We are seeing some stabilization at the producer level in terms of both the sizes of herds as well as beginning to see some monetary improvement in some of the segments.
Derica W. Rice: Hey, Marc this is Derica again. Also just one other comment on Animal Health, I felt to make it, do recall that the – as we look at the current projections for the Animal Health industry growth, it is still projected to be in the lower single digits, and we fully expect to exceed the industry growth rate that we have done historically.
Derica W. Rice: Dave, in regards to the Cymbalta sales force, again we announced the restructuring of our U.S. sales force. Back in April, we reduced the size of our U.S. footprint about 30%. Obviously this was with an anticipation of the impact of the patent accretive both Cymbalta as well as Evista. We do believe at the same time that this residual footprint that we have is sufficient to accommodate our pipeline going forward. So we were planning also in terms of with a foresight to what we think may emerge and if we are successful with Edivoxetine in terms from a regulatory standpoint, we think we can fit it into our existing commercial footprint.
Jan Lundberg: Okay. So over the Ramucirumab data for breast cancer are eminent and the plan is to have a top line press release before the San Antonio Breast Meeting, in the best of world, we could also present the data at that meeting.
Jan Lundberg: The Edivoxetine is the adjunct therapy then for depression and there is a difference of actually having onboard SSRI and adding on the treatment compare them to having Cymbalta, where you have the two mechanism at the same time.
Jan Lundberg: Yeah, so let me start with one of the most recent molecules, the Prostaglandin Synthetase Inhibitor which has been a difficult to drug target that we now have a compound in Phase 2 ‘14 indication. And this is Prostacyclin sparing which could mean that it has a better safety profile than the current exenatide. Elotuzumab, as you know is our antibody which recently reported intriguing data on increasing bone mineral density both in the spine and to some extent also in the hip region. The Glucago receptor antagonist is an oral molecule than for Diabetes Type II where we recently also reported promising data or blood glucose lowering without any weight gain or risk for hypoglycemia. We have our TGF-beta monoclonal antibody for chronic renal disease or chronic kidney disease which then we have in large Phase 2 trials. In the oncology area, I would like to mention three that TGF-beta oral molecule, the CDK 4/6 which we also discussed and our cMET antibody then for a variety of tumors. And finally I think we already mentioned that PCSK9 antibody then for lipid lowering. So we have a number of agents in Phase II to talk about. 
