Joe Fletcher: Thanks, Paul. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us for Eli Lilly and Company's Q2 2024 earnings call. I'm Joe Fletcher, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. And joining me on today's call are Dave Ricks, Lilly's Chairman and CEO; and Dr. Dan Skovronsky, Chief Scientific Officer and President of Lilly Immunology; Gordon Brooks, Interim Financial -- Chief Financial Officer; Anne White, President of Lilly Neuroscience; Ilya Yuffa, President of Lilly International; Jake Van Naarden, President of Lilly Oncology; and Patrik Jonsson, President of Lilly Cardiometabolic Health and Lilly USA. And we're also joined by Makela Irons, Mike Springate, Lauren Zurke of the IR team. During this conference call, we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Our actual results could differ materially due to several factors, including those listed on Slide 4. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in our latest Form 10-K and subsequent filings with the SEC. The information we provide about our products and pipeline is for the benefit of the investment community. It's not intended to be promotional and is not sufficient for prescribing decisions. As we transition to our prepared remarks, please note that our commentary will focus on non-GAAP financial measures. Now I'll turn the call over to Dave.
Joe Fletcher: Thanks, Dave. We'd like to take questions from as many callers as possible and to conclude our call in a timely manner. [Operator Instructions]. So, Paul, please provide the instructions for the Q&A, and we're ready for the first caller.
Joe Fletcher: Thanks, Umer. There's a lot of financial mechanics. So, I'll hand to Gordon to comment on, I think, effectively capital allocation considerations.
Joe Fletcher: I know we're running short on time. So, we'll do our best to kind of compress our answers as we get through as many questions as possible.
Joe Fletcher: Okay. On that second one, I don't think we'll probably give much of a good answer on that. So, I'll maybe ask Ilya to weigh in just on that first question around how ex-U.S. reimbursement is going.
Joe Fletcher: Thanks, Ilya. Paul, I know we have a lot in the queue. Maybe we just have two more questions and then wrap things up.
Dave Ricks: Thanks, Dan. Before we go to Q&A, let me briefly sum up our progress in the second quarter. Exceptional revenue growth in Q2 was driven by Mounjaro, Zepbound and Verzenio. We are pleased with the ramp in production in the first half of the year and expect continued expansion ahead. Significant advances in our pipeline include the approval of Kisunla for Alzheimer's disease, the submission of tirzepatide for moderate to severe obstructive sleep apnea and obesity in the U.S. and Europe and positive results from the Phase 3 study of tirzepatide for heart failure with preserved injection fraction and obesity. We are investing in product launches, the advancement of our pipeline as well as our ambitious manufacturing expansion agenda. All of this and the incredible work of our teams around the world give Lilly leadership confidence that we have a very bright future ahead and better opportunity than at any time in our company's history to impact human health on a global scale. Now I'll turn the call over to Joe to moderate the Q&A session.
Dave Ricks: Yes, I can just can -- So I think what we're saying today is just reiterating the 1.5 is sort of like a floor on how we think about second half volume. I would say the vials are part of that. But given the -- we have about 20 weeks left in the year. So, there's a limit to how much of that will ship anyway. But they certainly open up a node of the most constrained part of the supply chain, which is still finish in the final container closure and it uses different lines obviously, then syringes or cartridges. So, it just adds to our capacity, probably the most meaningful part of that will show up in the early '25 to be honest, as that new form ramps and details on that rollout will be coming in the coming weeks. As it relates to RTP, I wouldn't read through that the Q2 step-up in volume we shipped was primarily to RTP. That site is on track, and we are steadily escalating production per our goals. I also mentioned Concord is doing well against its time schedule, and we expect product out of that site end of this year, early next year. But rather, maybe performance out of the totality of the network that allowed us to recover wholesaler inventory levels in Q2 and now come off the FDA shortage list. It's more just overall performance across many, many nodes of our supply network.
Dave Ricks: Maybe one last thing -- follow-on. But here, we're highlighting our [indiscernible] 11 assets, all different targets. And maybe just a reminder, Chris, we had our Phase 1 MAD data for tirzepatide in 2016, that was 8 years ago. And that's a massive lead, I think, over other GIP/GLP agonists that are behind us. On the oral side, you can get more in category differentiation based on target engagement, safety profile, et cetera. But here, again, we have the most advanced program, and as Dan highlighted today, a follow-on program to add to that sort of portfolio we have there. And finally, one other, I don't know if it's barrier, but certainly is work to do is scaling manufacturing. The volume is really high in this category, probably will end up being one of the highest volume categories in the history of the industry. And you're talking about making things on the $1 billion scale, which takes time and it's technically difficult and very capital intensive. So of course, competitors will come. But there's a road ahead for all these that -- the two leading companies have already walked in large part.
Dave Ricks: Yes. And just from a policy standpoint, I mean, you can expect us to be active here. We've taken public positions. We're obviously engaged with regulators and considering all kinds of legal actions and filed some. Of course, compounding is a long-standing practice under the 503A provisions of FDA, which is meant to customize doses for individual patient needs that we don't -- it's not clear to me medically what that would be for tirzepatide. But I guess that's legal in a sense. It's the mass production that's concerning. And we don't see a lot of that with our medicine more with the other one. But I think if we just step back and reflect them why the -- there's shortages because of parenteral manufacturing constraints in the industry and the lead companies. A lot of that constraint is investing and proving those processes are compliant with the GMP standards that the FDA and Europe or NX1 have enforced. And we agree, by the way, with that strict enforcement. So, it's a little odd that the answer to that constraint, which is about raising the standards of the industry to a sterile product is to create another industry that is non-sterile product. So, we're just pointing that out. And I think you can see Lilly on the front foot here over the coming months to address this. But ultimately, the real thing to address is the increasing coverage on insurance and increasing supply. We -- drive on supply. We'll step that up another notch with the availability of vials, and we need to work with primarily the government as well as employers to expand coverage. So OBC medicines are affordable. People when we get to those points, this will be an issue. But in the meantime, people can get hurt. And as Dan said, it's pretty concerning what's happening.
Dave Ricks: Yes, I can take it. We remain concerned about that transaction. I don't think it was ever really about the trajectory of our ramp, although as we've disclosed, we do rely on one of the Catalent sites for GLP-1 and other diabetes production. It's more the oddity of your main competitor being also your contract manufacturer and how to resolve that situation. There's also an industry structure issue. CDMOs are important for managing capacity across the sector. And if we ended up in an outcome where that sector didn't really exist, they all became captive of large pharma would really constrain, I think, availability in the development of medicines, particularly out of biotech. So, we've aired those concerns publicly and privately since the proposed transaction was announced, and we're waiting to see what happens. But in terms of the long-term outlook for our company, as you may have noticed, we're building aggressively ourselves. Our primary strategy is self-run sites. And we've got $18 billion we've announced in the last several years, probably not done there. And we're quite comfortable building operating sites and as the newest large sites of begun to come online, we know we can execute that drill and repeat it, and that's our base plan.
Dave Ricks: Yes. Thanks for the important question. As we think about the compounding question is important as well. As we've said earlier, we're available in all dosage forms in the U.S. What that means is, as you know, we can fill orders as they receive versus what we're doing. That does not mean that any pharmacy or certainly every pharmacy has all 12 dosage forms sitting on their shelf. That's infeasible economically probably for a lot of them and even logistically. So, I think we'll continue to see because there's not an abundance of supply. It's more of a real-time fulfillment situation, patients going to pharmacy counters and being told to wait a few days while their orders filled. But product is flowing and it's flowing at a pretty high rate. We're shipping part of it, and you can see that in these results from the quarter. So, files will add to that picture, but demand will increase as well. So, I think we're doing well given the situation. But the end pharmacy experience will continue to be choppy. We point that out to the FDA. So that means people may call and say, I couldn't get what I want on the moment I wanted it at the pharmacy I choose to. That's not the definition that we think applies here. So, we'll continue to with channel partners and the agency to try to clear up the confusion and improve the consumer experience, which is our responsibility along with theirs.
Dave Ricks: Great. Thanks, Joe, and thanks to the team here. We appreciate your participation in today's earnings call and your interest in Eli Lilly and Company. Please follow up with the Investor Relations team if you have any questions we didn't address, and it sounds like there's a few that are holding. Happy to answer all of those. Have a great day, everyone.
Gordon Brooks: Sure. I'll hang -- with that. Seamus, thanks for the question. Yes. So just on price streams, initial favorability in the first half of the year was driven by Mounjaro. That goes away in the second half of the year as the co-pay program moves out of the base period. In terms of pricing, we see stable pricing sequentially across quarters in '24. So, nothing unusual, Q1 to Q2 and our guidance Q3 and Q4 continue stable sequential pricing. For the second half of the year when you don't have the Mounjaro dynamic pricing in the second half will be similar to prior year pricing. So those are kind of the dynamics we see in pricing.
Gordon Brooks: Good. Thanks. Appreciate the question. Yes, I mean, we've been speaking for a long time about operating margins and getting to the mid- to high 30% range. As we've seen this year, Mounjaro and Zepbound are taking an inflection point upwards and so we're seeing ourselves at the top end of that range. For the first half, margins are a little inflated. We haven't yet lend in to all of our promotional channels and incretins. You don't see, for instance, TV commercials in the incretins. We haven't done that looking at the -- given the supply situation. And in R&D, it takes time to scale R&D thoughtfully. So, it doesn't always move exactly in sync quarter-by-quarter with revenue. That said, our guidance for the year does indicate we will stay in the upper 30% range for the full year, with growth first half, if you look at the first half, as the two quarters' growth into the second half. And you should also expect to see within that mix, stronger sales and marketing growth as we get to new launches in the second part of the year and the R&D continue to scale the growth from what we've seen thus far. So those are the dynamics we see on operating margin for 2024.
Gordon Brooks: Will do. Thanks, Kerry. I appreciate the question. Yes. I think as we said, like dance, as I said earlier, we do expect to end in that upper 30s range this year. There's still a lot at play here. Yes, on the top line, we see inflection points on revenue. But through the first half, you've had an inflated position. We haven't yet leaned in to any of our promotional channels. That's going to be a dynamic that we lean to more starting in the second half. And R&D, we do intend to scale that, and that's not going quarter-by-quarter exactly in line with revenue. So, all of those things are still going to play through. I think that said, at this point, we're just talking about 2024. And when we do guidance for '25, we'll chat about the longer-term picture there.
Dan Skovronsky: Yes, I'll start some R&D comments on BarCentry. The first, I think, is having a successful drug in Phase 3 clinical trials and getting it approved. You can see that we've invested thoroughly, I would say, in our Phase 3 portfolio is often pursuing multiple indications in multiple populations at once. Just being able to get to that point, I know investors have gotten excited about various releases of Phase 1 data. But it's still a challenging space to develop drugs and we usually wait until we've seen pretty robust Phase 2 data before we get too excited about a particular molecule. So that's the first thing. And I think a lot of the news we've seen from different companies only sort out as we get to see Phase 2 data and which molecules make it and which have the right profile and which don't. But I wouldn't be expecting 100% success here.
Dan Skovronsky: Yes. Thanks for raising this important topic, Tim. Of course, we've been watching this carefully, not really out of concern that they're taking away our business. We've been largely supply constraint here, but rather the impact it's having on patient health. We often are able to secure samples from these kinds of compounding labs and analyze them in our own labs. And what we found for the most part, in most instances is this isn't kind of tirzepatide at all. Our drug is not available to compounders, rather they're purchasing either other chemicals entirely, which we often find or make producers of tirzepatide that is often full of impurities sometimes contaminated by bacteria. This is a safety risk to patients that we take seriously and try to think we can to make patients aware of the potential dangers here so that we can help.
Dan Skovronsky: Yes. Thanks for the question. We're really excited about the opportunity to help patients suffering from NASH. I think the data that we shared in Phase 2 for tirzepatide appetite is really quite profound in terms of the size of effect we can have. There's a couple of issues in mass drug development that we're trying to tackle, probably the most significant of which is current standard of liver biopsy to identify the patients to enroll in these trials and also then measure the outcome. Liver biopsy is obviously an invasive procedure and difficult to find patients to consent to these trials and of course, there's risk to patients. We're working hard to develop noninvasive biomarkers that can be used to identify the right patients to enroll in mass studies and also potentially could be used as an outcome to know if a drug is working. My hope is that we could develop those kinds of biomarkers that could be used both purposes and could be suitable for accelerated or approval of mass drugs in the future. Of course, long-term traditional approval for Astra still requires demonstration of outcomes. So, in that environment, we have two drugs that I think could both be great mass drugs and we'll have to decide whether to invest in one or both of those drugs, depending on the regulatory path we see. We'll keep investors updated as we make decisions about these molecules in mesh.
Dan Skovronsky: Yes. Thanks. I'll start, and then we'll see Patrik to anything to add on commercial differentiation. But in the clinical trials, I think first of all, as I'm saying before, just take some caution on the small short Phase I trials. There's more to see. Most of the drugs that we've seen actually aren't different mechanisms that are GLP-1 agonists. In this class, I don't expect there to be differentiation in terms of efficacy, weight loss. You can pretty much dial in the amount of weight loss you want depending on how aggressively you dose it and what population. Tolerability is another issue that usually comes along with the efficacy. The faster you ramp to higher doses, the less tolerability you have. Then the different companies have to work through their own escalation of dosing to match the desired efficacy with some reasonable tolerability. The variable that links those two things together is often the half-life of the molecule. So shorter half-life molecules will give you bigger peak trough -- in the pharmacokinetics of the drug. And we think that's what -- that drives the tolerability issues. So, what you want is a long half-life molecule that can be dose escalated more smoothly. So that probably will be the differentiation rather than anything that companies are currently talking about in terms of efficacy. As I said before, it's a long road from early data to Phase 3 clinical trials like we have with orforglipron and we can expect some attrition. I'm pretty excited also about next-generation molecule. All of these ones that we've been talking about now are GLP-1s and will offer efficacy sort of in the range of injectable semaglutide. I think ultimately, we'd like to see drugs that offer efficacy and tolerability that exceeds that things that could combine multiple incretins like tirzepatide does and we are certainly working on orals that could also agonize GIP-1, for example. So exciting progress there and more to come on that in the future for us.
Dan Skovronsky: So, we have multiple mechanisms in play here, starting maybe with the amylin. We have a molecule Phase 2 called Aloralintide, which is a pure AML agonist, and we're evaluating that both as monotherapy and in combination with tirzepatide GLP clip. So that will be interesting to see. I don't have a strong preconceived notions about what to expect in terms of lean versus fat mass loss with that particular combination. Probably the people who have the most data about that would be the scientists at Novo since they've investigated cricalutide in combination with semaglutide. I think that brings us probably to another mechanism, which is dual amylin calcitonin agonism, which crugilatide probably is a dual agonist, and we have a molecule like that in Phase 1 called DACRA and we'll also investigate that and composition of biomass will be one of the aspects in which we evaluate it. And then finally, you talk of myostatin, we have a molecule in this family, and that's the bimagrumab that we acquired from Versatis, which is an antibiotic -- and that's proceeding in a Phase 2 trial in combination with semaglutide. And we look forward to having data to share with that in the future. All of these mechanisms, I think, could have variable effects on body mass composition. I point out that so far, we've not seen any disadvantages to the types of weight loss that we get with tirzepatide. In fact, patients show improved functional outcomes on a variety of things, including fruit function and heart failures we just demonstrated. So, could we have further improvements with even more higher ratio of fat to lean mass? That's the question of these trials makes
Dan Skovronsky: Yes. No, thanks for the question, Lisa. I think it's an interesting area of science for sure. Too soon to know exactly how these kinds of mechanisms will translate into benefits for patients. At a high level, we know that the ratio of lean mass to fat mass is really important in determining metabolic health, probably more important as an indicator of overall metabolic health than, for example, BMI. And so that's what spurs these kinds of efforts to increase lean mass while causing fat mass loss and we'll wait to see data from our own donanemab and wait to see how that translates into health benefits for patients.
Patrik Jonsson: A few additional comments. I think when we look at the marketplace, about two are very important barriers. We have been extremely successful in gaining access across both Mounjaro, where we are currently 93% access in commercial and 89% in Part D. And similarly, for Zepbound, 86% after 7 months in the marketplace, that's quite significant. The second piece is the amount of outcome indications. We are investing heavily in both Mounjaro and Zepbound, and similarly for the Phase 3 assets of our Zepbound and retatrutide. So, I think, overall, we think that we are extremely well positioned to compete here. And we are not surprised to see that most of the firms are actually leaning into this very important space. But with the cost we have not had in the market today, the Phase 3 assets and what we referred in the prepared remarks, we are well positioned to compete today and tomorrow. And that -- both different indications, assets Gene [ph] therapy, et cetera, all hands-on deck on our side.
Patrik Jonsson: Absolutely. I think first overall, when we look at persistency, it's very early after the launch. But based on the feedback we have from providers, and from patients as well, this is a drug that patients want to stay on because they experience the benefits -- weight loss and also the downstream implications on comorbidities. You're right, the employee opt-in efforts are extremely key, and we believe that our outcome data, OSA, now have -- will help us tremendously and more readout to come over the coming years. We're also having value-based agreement with several other payers where we are looking into the benefits of tirzepatide in the workplace in terms of reduced absentees, increased productivity, et cetera, as well and that has gained a lot of interest. In terms of the consumer, yes, the ease to start and stay on is a key priority for us. And then we're working with consumer, improving our consumer platforms and also digital channels to really enable patients to experience the benefits that Zepbound provides over time.
Patrik Jonsson: Just from a commercial point of view, we are regularly conducting both consumer and provider market research. And when we're looking into the preferences, the true drivers today is still the degree of weight loss and safety and tolerability. And when we look at the needs beyond that, it's actually the need of an oral, and an oral with an injectable-like efficacy. So that's probably the new that comes beyond what we're currently serving today and particularly to serve those patients that have a fear of injections. When we look at over aspects, I think what comes beyond that would be the compensation of weight loss, lean mass versus fats and durability. And I think we are looking into all of those aspects as well.
