Kevin Hern: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for Eli Lilly and Company's Q2 2021 earnings call. I'm Kevin Hern, Vice President of Investor Relations. And joining me on today's call are Dave Ricks, Lilly's Chairman and CEO; Anat Ashkenazi, Chief Financial Officer; Dr. Dan Skovronsky, Chief Scientific Officer and Medical Officer; Anne White, President of Lilly Oncology; Ilya Yuffa, President of Lilly Bio-Medicines; Mike Mason, President of Lilly Diabetes; and Jake Van Naarden, CEO of Loxo Oncology at Lilly. We are also joined by Lauren Zierke, [indiscernible] Sara Smith of the Investor Relations team. During this conference call, we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Our actual results could differ materially due to a number of factors, including those listed on Slide 3. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in our latest Forms 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Q and 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The information we provide about our products and pipeline is for the benefit of the investment community. It is not intended to be promotional, and is not sufficient for prescribing decisions.  As we transition to our prepared remarks, a reminder that our commentary will focus on non-GAAP financial measures.  Now I'll turn the call over to Dave for a summary of our second quarter results. 
Kevin Hern: Thanks, Ronny. We'll go to Dan for the questions on donanemab, and then Mike Mason for the questions on Basaglar.
Kevin Hern: Thanks, Dan. Now to Mike for the questions around Basaglar Q2 performance and Semglee interchangeability.
Kevin Hern: Thanks, Carter. So we'll go to Dave for the question on pricing for donanemab, and then Mike on Trulicity pricing dynamics.
Kevin Hern: Thanks, Seamus. We're going to toss it to Dan first to start on Verzenio, and then Anne will follow to round that out, and then we'll go back to Dan for the NCD question.
Kevin Hern: Thanks, Steve. We'll go to Anne for the first question on Verzenio, and then Jake for the question on oral SERD differentiation.
Kevin Hern: Thanks, Jake. Matthew, thanks for your questions, and we've exhausted the queue. We'll go to Dave for the close.
David Ricks: Thank you, Kevin. Q2 of last year was the peak of the pandemic’s negative impact to our business. And one year later, I'm proud of the innovation and resilience displayed by my Lilly colleagues to deliver against our objectives in new ways, while also mobilizing to develop treatments to help combat COVID-19. Looking at Q2 2021, we were encouraged by the increasing worldwide vaccination rates, as well as the underlying environment in most of our major markets. COVID-19 related stocking in Q1 followed by destocking in Q2 of last year, complicates quarterly performance comparisons. Therefore, looking at revenue growth in the first half of 2021 better reflects the underlying trends in our business. On today's call, we will provide year-over-year comparisons for both Q2 and the first half of the year. In the first half of 2021, we delivered 11% growth in our core business. This excludes COVID-19 antibody revenue, this was buoyed by strong volume driven growth across key brands in major geographies, including the U.S., Europe, and China.  Turning specifically to Q2, revenue grew 23% compared to Q2 2020, or 20% in constant currency. This performance was driven entirely by volume growth of 22 percentage points. As previously highlighted, in Q2 2020, we saw reversal of the $250 million pandemic related product stocking which occurred in Q1 2020. When excluding COVID-19 antibody revenue, the Q2 2020 COVID-19 related destocking and the sale of Cialis in China, our core business grew 12% for the quarter, up from 7% in Q1 on the same basis.  We were pleased to see sequential top line growth in the core business this quarter, signaling that healthcare systems continue recovery from the pandemic and the strength of our underlying business. Key growth products continue to drive our revenue growth and represent 54% of our core business this quarter. Our non-GAAP gross margin was 79.3% in Q2, or 79.7% excluding the impact of foreign exchange on international inventories sold. Excluding the FX impact, our gross margin increased by approximately 60 basis points compared to last year. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 29.4%, representing an improvement of nearly 140 basis points. We were pleased to see operating margin expand year-over-year and we expect continued expansion in the second half of this year.  On the pipeline front, we achieved multiple milestones since our earnings call in April, including receiving Breakthrough Therapy designation for donanemab and announcing our plan to submit to the FDA under the accelerated approval pathway; announcing positive Phase 3 results for tirzepatide SURPASS-4 trial with planned global submissions of the SURPASS program for tirzepatide in type 2 diabetes by the end of 2021; obtaining approval for Jardiance in partnership with Boehringer Ingelheim for HFrEF in Europe; and announcing positive Phase 3 results from the EMPEROR-Preserved trial for Jardiance in HFpEF, the first and only successful trial for this patient population; and initiating Phase 3 trial results for pirtobrutinib in mantle-cell lymphoma, tirzepatide in HFpEF and Verzenio in HR+ HER2+ early breast cancer, and now, prostate cancer.  We also continue to augment our pipeline with business development deals and announced the acquisition of Protomer Technologies. We welcome the Protomer team to Lilly and are excited to bring this technology to our diabetes pipeline. As we believe glucose sensing is one, maybe become the next generation for insulin treatment to improve the quality of life for people living with diabetes.  Lastly, on financials, we returned approximately $1.3 billion to shareholders via the dividend and share repurchases in the quarter and authorized the repurchase of up to $5 billion in stock in addition to the $500 million authorization remaining under our 2018 share repurchase program. Moving on to slides 5 and 6, you'll see a list of key events since our Q1 earnings call, including a May webcast, which highlighted our updated environmental, social and governance strategy and our sustainability efforts, as well as the launch of a new ESG website to serve as a comprehensive resource to provide increased transparency regarding the company's ESG goals and progress. Further, as part of our goal to become carbon-neutral in our own operations at our manufacturing plant in Kinsale, we recently inaugurated a new solar field, which is now the largest in Ireland. We also announced donations of COVID-19 therapies at no cost to low income and lower middle income countries, heavily impacted by the pandemic, and are proud of the impact we’re having around the world, as we work to combat COVID-19. Now, I'll turn the call over to Anat to review our Q2 results and to provide an update on our financial guidance for 2020.
David Ricks: Thanks a lot, Dan. I appreciate that. Before we go to the Q&A, let me sum up the progress we've made during this quarter. We've seen strength in our core business in the first half of this year and increased momentum in Q2. This is driven by strong volume-driven growth across key brands in most major geographies. We're pleased to see sequential top line growth this quarter as well as year-over-year margin expansion. We made significant progress developing new medicines, and Q2 was another positive quarter for our pipeline as we announced plans to submit tirzepatide in type 2 diabetes and donanemab in Alzheimer's disease later this year as well as an approval for Jardiance in HFrEF, and as Dan outlined, positive results in HFpEF. We returned nearly $800 million to shareholders through dividends and completed $500 million in share repurchases, reflecting confidence in the ongoing strength of our business. As we look forward to the rest of the year, we are quite confident in our long-term prospects. Before we move on to Q&A, I would like to share -- also like to share that we will hold a live investor meeting this December to highlight our R&D pipeline and progress for investors. We will also provide our initial 2022 guidance at this meeting. Given the limited physical space available, this event will have an accompanying webcast. We're hopeful that we can host this event in person, but are watching the evolution of the pandemic closely and we'll adjust accordingly to a virtual event, if needed. Our IR team will be in contact in the coming weeks to issue invitations and provide more logistical details on this meeting. Now let me turn it over to Kevin to moderate our Q&A session.
David Ricks: And maybe just a comment -- thanks, Dan, Tim, on the access and payment environment, I think our priority at Lilly is always going to be how to make it easier for patients to get to a therapy and then we solve for value on the back end. There are clearly benefits in the short-duration treatment, like Dan said, with donanemab in a Part B. They're going to be watched closely by their physicians initially anyway. There are real and important side effects, which require imaging analysis for this class of drugs. And so it's an intensively managed disease. But through time, as we've seen with other classes, as comfort level will rise in primary care, in particular, in using therapeutic antibodies to treat Alzheimer's, a more convenient form available at our local pharmacy, perhaps for self-injection or injection by a caregiver, would be preferred. So our plans line up with -- in pursuing both those channels, although in early days, probably the intensive nature of the treatment and specialist nature will favor the infusion. But we're committed to both, and we're solving for patient convenience at the end of the day.
David Ricks: Yes. I appreciate the question, and we totally get the curiosity. There's, as you understand, probably lot of limitations of what we would say at this stage. One of the reasons for the limitation is really the ultimate label we have and the value we can demonstrate to customers is a key input at Lilly for pricing. And we have -- fortunately, the only study in the space that hit its pre-specified endpoint for disease reduction -- or disease progression reduction, and those are key. As we demonstrated at AAIC, we continue to cut that data. I think there was an earlier question about how we might differentiate in the NCD process, but that's one of them as we have this completed study with exquisite biomarker profiles of the product and can continue to elucidate what donanemab does in the brains of Alzheimer's patients in ways that perhaps others could not. And those are inputs as well. Finally, Lilly has been a leader in value-based concepts and really partnerships to make sure that the appropriate patients can easily access at low out-of-pocket cost or medicines. And we're applying that thinking to this problem as well in the U.S. as well as outside. Our goal isn't to just get an approval, but to make sure that all of the people millions in the U.S. who could qualify for it could access it on day one. So those are all inputs into that process and without throwing out a number here, which wouldn't be appropriate until we get an approval. That's how we think about it. Hopefully, that gives you some color behind the scenes.
David Ricks: Thanks, Kevin. Thanks to Dan for answering all those questions. We appreciate your participation in today's call and your interest in the Company, of course. We continue to see growth with our broad commercial portfolio. And we have strong momentum across our core business supported by a breadth of brands and accelerating classes and robust growth across U.S., Europe and China. In addition, as you heard today, we believe we have a compelling pipeline with industry-leading opportunities, and we remain focused on bringing new medicines to patients and creating value for all our stakeholders. Thanks again for dialing in. Please follow up with Investor Relations team if you have any questions we have not addressed today, and hope you have a great day. Thanks.
Dr. Dan Skovronsky: Yes. Sure, Terence. Thanks for that question on donanemab and FDA and safety. In June, when we got the Breakthrough Therapy designation and we announced our expectations to file the BLA by the end of the year, that was based on our current understanding of the situation. Since then, things have progressed and I would say I'm even more confident now than I was then, that we should have an adequate package to support a complete submission by the end of this year. That includes, of course, our confidence that we have enough safety data to support a full evaluation of the benefit/risk of this drug. I think given limited duration of dosing, that helps as well as given the near completion now of enrollment in TRAILBLAZER-2. So it's our intent then to use combined safety data from the completed Phase 1 and Phase 2 studies as well as an early look at safety data from that ongoing Phase 3 study to support the package. Now of course, with any ongoing study, there's always risk. We don't know what that safety data is going to show. If it's consistent with safety data we've collected prior to the study, then I think we should also be confident that, that would support a positive benefit/risk assessment and put us on track to launch next year, as we said.
Dr. Dan Skovronsky: Yes. Thanks, Ronny, for the question on biomarkers and their commercial use. Of course, this has been an area of great progress and great investment by Lilly. We continue to put a lot of emphasis here. I think objectively, you wouldn't have had the progress that we're seeing now in Alzheimer's disease had it not been for the ability to select patients for treatment and follow their response treatment with biomarkers. We don't see that as a research-only application. That should be available, those kinds of tools, to patients in the clinical -- who are being clinically treated for Alzheimer's disease in the future. So the status of the tools right now is both of the PET agents, the tau PET imaging with Tauvid that we use in the amyloid PET imaging with Amyvid. Those are both, of course, FDA approved and availability is somewhat limited right now, particularly for Tauvid, but could quickly be scaled with the launch of donanemab in the future. The third agent, which is probably the one that will be the most accessible to patients is the phospho-tau217 assay. Just as we continue to work on that assay, we're more and more impressed with its performance, its ability to identify patients, and even as I've shown today, track their progression. So this could be an answer for patients in the near term. We'll work hard to make that available. The bar is often lower for in vitro diagnostics and in vivo diagnostics. And I think there's good potential there. You asked about the patient flow once all these things are approved and available and presumably, that happens around the time that donanemab launched but not before. I think it would make sense and fit with medical practice if screening starts with some sort of simple cognitive exams by a physician to assess the patient's eligibility to early Alzheimer's, then they would move on to probably a blood-based test like phospho-tau217. If that's positive, that could either be a basis for treatment depending on if data support that or that could triage patients to PET scans for further evaluation.
Dr. Dan Skovronsky: Okay. Thanks. No, it's a good question and line of questions here on subcu dosing for anti-amyloid therapies. Probably 2 factors that we have taken into account in addition to the ones you mentioned. First and most important is efficacy for patients. And I think all of the data that we have so far suggest and support the notion that deep and rapid clearance is key here. And so if you're going to go to subcu dosing, it's important to make sure you do get enough drug in so that you can quickly get patients to clear. That's not going to always be possible with every drug. I think the second consideration with subcu dosing is the duration of therapy. So if it's a limited duration of therapy, the difference between IV and subcu, if it's once a month for 6 months, that's not a big difference between IV and subcu. Whereas if it's for the rest of your life, maybe that is a bigger difference. Finally, with respect to our plans for subcu, I do think it's an important option to offer patients, notwithstanding the previous comments, even for a limited duration therapy, some patients may prefer it, assuming you can get the same kind of efficacy. I think with donanemab, that's unlikely to be possible, and we're not pursuing it given the doses we need and the formulation we have. However, we have a second-generation antibody here that we call N3pG4, which I think is quite likely to be viable in a subcutaneous presentation. And that is our focus of development around N3pG4. My expectation around that is that it should be able to show comparable amyloid plaque lowering with subcutaneous dosing as donanemab does with IV dosing. If so, given the similarities between the drugs, we would seek an accelerated approval pathway for that drug in the future as sort of a subcutaneous version of donanemab, although it is a new enemy. Your second question was around the phospho-tau assay and whether that's a significant revenue stream. It's certainly conceivable and we haven't sort of thought through all of our commercial plans around that. But really for Lilly, and it may be significant for some companies, I think for Lilly, though, our focus is on removing barriers for treatment to patients. And so as we think about how we position diagnostics and therapeutics in the marketplace, our focus will be on really making sure that most patients possible can get treated appropriately.
Dr. Dan Skovronsky: Yes. So your question is -- maybe I'll break it in two parts. The first part is like how important is in the near term to have additional cognitive benefit data for amyloid plaque [lung] drugs. And then in the longer term, what happens if the confirmatory studies give a negative surprise. So in the short term, I'd just clarify that we have compelling clinical efficacy data for donanemab. The only trial that's going to be successful, a positive Phase II study and its primary endpoint showing cognitive benefits for donanemab, that's different, unique and exciting, published in the New England Journal, that's exciting. And I think that will be helpful even before we have the confirmatory data, being in that unique position. There will be some physicians, I'm sure, as are today, who still say, I don't want to use a drug until I have cognitive data. Fine, for those physicians who are willing to make that link between the surrogate efficacy data and the Phase II data in donanemab, if you believe that lowering amyloid plaque is the good thing to do, you're going to want the drug that lowers amyloid plaque the most. And I think that's an exciting aspect of donanemab as well. But then we come to the confirmatory studies. I think surely everyone have to acknowledge if for multiple sponsors, multiple drugs are all clearly negative, that would be a bad thing and we would retreat and say that this was a wrong way of thinking. I think that scenario is extremely unlikely. I think the most likely scenario is probably a mixed picture. Some drugs will be better than others. Some trials will reach significance, others might not. You've heard me speak about the confidence in our trial, but we have to see the data. I think in that scenario, that will strengthen -- that would be good enough to reinforce the notion that amyloid is an important surrogate and reducing amyloid is a good idea.
Dr. Dan Skovronsky: Okay. Three great questions, Umer. Thanks. So the first question, you asked if we'd use interim data, I commented that we'll take a safety cut of data in the right way to support that submission. We don't plan to support that submission or do we see the need to support that submission with any looks at efficacy data. We have adequate efficacy data supporting the plaque lowering, which would be the basis of submission and approval under accelerated approval. Your second question is once plaque clears, how long does it take to come back? We have some data on that that was also presented at AAIC. I didn't highlight it this morning. But what we found is that off therapy, there is very slow, negligible, really, regrowth of plaque. I think if you sort of extrapolate it out, it might take 14 or 15 years or something like that to regrow amyloid plaque. The average age of patients in this trial is 75. And remember, we haven't fully halted progression of disease. So that doesn't feel like a near-term thinking on redosing will be necessary to keep them clear. But we'll have the ability to follow patients for many, many years and confirm that. Finally, I think you've correctly summarized the situation, which is that in our initial analysis, we didn't see a correlation and now we are reporting that we do see a correlation. Why is that? And of course, correlation can't prove causation so it is just a correlation. So why do we see it now? I think what we learned was quite interesting. And that's that the amount of plaque you remove depends a lot on how much plaque you have to start with. So if you only have 50 centiloids of plaque, there's only so much you can remove. If you have 100 centiloids of plaque based on, you can remove a lot more. So that turns out to be a pretty important compound in these kinds of correlations. The people who are -- have the more severe disease, perhaps longer duration, lower cognitive performance, older age, they might have more plaque at baseline, you can remove more but they still might be the worst progressors than people who have lower plaque and you remove less. So, I think our thinking initially, and maybe the field thinking, was a little bit backwards on this to look for a straight correlation between change and change without adjusting for all of those important baseline covariance.
Dr. Dan Skovronsky: Yes. So Andrew, you've asked a follow-up question here, an important one, on the potential even in the face of an accelerated review for accelerated approval, rather, for plaque lowering, whether we'd still be keen to get that kind of data a bit earlier by pulling forward an interim on TRAILBLAZER-2. We haven't ruled that out. We also don't have plans at this moment in time. I think we just need to see where we are and where the field is. But really, the -- maintaining a pristine Phase III trial would probably be a pretty high priority, particularly if accelerated approval gives the path for patients to have access to the medicine, then it becomes less urgent to get that data faster. So that's our current thinking. We've been working hard to make sure we have manufacturing capacity. I feel good about where we are to support launch and growth of donanemab and hopefully someday enter PG4 even to follow that. With respect to the commercialization of a P-tau diagnostic, there are different paths forward for an in vitro diagnostic, including a lab-developed test, or LDT, which can be done in a centralized location, for example, under CLIA. And that's a pretty fast path and that's one of the options that we consider.
Dr. Dan Skovronsky: Okay. Thanks. Two sort of commercially focused questions on donanemab. I mean the first one on the national coverage decision, determination -- of course, that's important. When -- I think it was widely said that when the first approval came, it was quite broad an indication and then subsequently, the FDA working with the sponsor focused the patient population. I think there could still be opportunity for further focusing here. And that's one direction the experts at CMS may take. In that case, it could be requiring patients to have evidence of Alzheimer's pathology in the form of amyloid plaques or even tau pathology. As I said before, I think that matches our goals and what we think is right. It will take some time for that to play out probably over the next nine months or so and surely will be part of some of those discussions and share our data and thinking in the right way. And then on pricing, I think I simply say it's too early to comment on that. We have some time yet.
Dr. Dan Skovronsky: Yes. So with respect to the safety hurdle for donanemab or for any drug, really, it's having adequate exposures and duration of exposures in a broad population to be able to fully assess the benefit risk of a given drug. Now that's not a number that depends on the particulars of the drug, the population, of course, that you hope to treat the duration of therapy, of course, but also the particulars around the safety data and the efficacy data that you collect. So it would be nice and easy, I think, for sponsors and the FDA if there was a particular line in the sand that could be drawn. But as I said, it needs to be tailored for each drug. Based on our current thinking and analysis and discussions, as I said, I think we'll be there comfortably at the end of this year. Your second question was about -- I think it was about the duration of benefit as the TRAILBLAZER data mature. I commented on the duration of plaque lowering, which appears to be sustained. But I think, Geoff, you're getting at the duration of the cognitive benefit. We see a slowing of decline on average between that patients are still declining. You could ask, are the lines coming together or going apart? I think on some of the cuts to the initial data, there might have been a perception that the lines were not diverging at the later time points, I think, as I showed the additional statistical methods. And even as we look at the raw data, we're pretty comfortable here that we have lines that diverge over time. And therefore, I would expect that, that benefit of slowing would continue over time. But too soon to have real data on that.
Dr. Dan Skovronsky: Yes. You're asking, Seamus, very smartly about the criteria to expand the study from our Phase II study to a Phase III study. I don't think we want to get into the very precise details on what that was. But you're correct that it was a very robust threshold. So we're excited to see that happen. We take Phase III starts very seriously at Lilly. We don't want Phase III failures. So when we have studies like this one, in any therapeutic area where we move from Phase II to Phase III without ever seeing the data, we set aggressive bars that data really have to match to move forward to Phase III. So you can expect that's what we did here. Anne for more detail.
Dr. Dan Skovronsky: Last question was on NCD and why did I say that we think we -- each drug should be evaluated on its own merits. Is that an allusion to pricing or something like that? No, my primary focus here is on the patient and the outcomes that a drug could deliver, which, even within the same class, could be different. Our theory and I presented data today to support that theory, is that the amount of amyloid you remove and how quickly you do that is important for predicting outcomes. If that's the case, you can easily imagine different drugs, even with the same class having different benefits for patients and some of those benefits may be above a threshold for coverage and others may not. That's conceivable. Not what I anticipate is the most likely scenario, but we want to be prepared for all scenarios here.
Dr. Dan Skovronsky: Yes. Thanks, Matthew, for the question there. No, we don't have a regulator's view on the Conrado model. But we're encouraged that this model was built, as I said earlier, by the CAMD -- by data from the CAMD consortium and has been around for a while and used for various applications. What we're doing here, though, to be clear, is checking a patient's progression against what we predict their progression would be. So knowing all of their baseline factors, how much would the predicted to have progressed had they not been on drug versus how much did they actually progress. And so that's essentially what you're seeing in the graph. You're right, even with full plaque clearance, there's still some progression. There's only a 40% decrease. Now that's as big an effect as anyone ever has talked about in Alzheimer's disease, but surely, over time, we're going to need additional therapeutics for Alzheimer's beyond just clearing the plaque, at least in this stage of disease. And I think that's probably where tau therapeutics come into play. So that's how we think about it. I think earlier in the disease course, it could be quite different. Perhaps if you get it early enough, you could have 100% disease slowing in progression and in essence, no Alzheimer's, but that is yet to be proven.
Anne White: Yes. Chris, thanks for the question. And as Dan shared, we are incredibly pleased with what we're seeing out of Verzenio and the monarchE data and as he shared key endpoints, such as IDFS have continued to strengthen with further follow-up. And now we have two years of median follow-up. And so very pleased with that, and as he shared, we remain very confident there will be an OS trend favoring Verzenio in the broader population. So we would work with the FDA to expand our label to include these patients in the future. So obviously, this is event driven and so the timing of this will be determined by the event rate. So our next planned analysis is in the second half of '22, and this analysis will help us really further inform the timing of that final analysis. So as you commented, the overall survival data in the broader population is still immature. We still have less than 50% of the events needed to do that final OS analysis. But with what we're seeing, and again, strong performance in both the high and low Ki67, we remain confident to see this trend in OS favoring Verzenio to replicate. As far as Ki67, good news here is that this is really a familiar concept to physicians. It is already accepted as a prognostic factor in breast cancer. And it's really easily performed through an IHC assay, so very simple assay. And these are broadly available in the pathology labs. And the assay and the methodology that we used on monarchE is straightforward and proven to be accurate and really highly reproducible. So our belief is that oncologists will move to quickly adopt this in practice. And really, this clarity in patients with the highest risk, I think, will help to accelerate uptake in this setting. So we look forward to launching in this setting.
Anne White: Yes. I mean, as Dan said, we were incredibly pleased with this outcome and the recommendation by the DMC, and we set a very aggressive threshold on this adaptive design, and we're impressed that it met that threshold. And I think it just continues to be another example of how Verzenio differentiates from the competition. So the Phase III is open. It's already enrolling patients. We anticipate the results of the analysis in 2024. On the question on market size, so CYCLONE 2 is -- it's a metastatic castrate-resistant prostate cancer trial that really targets patients who have not yet received prior novel hormonal agent, so in earlier settings. So our initial research shows that the addressable market could be in the range of 25% to 50% of metastatic CRPC. So it's depending really a bit on how the market evolves with the use of NHAs in that earlier setting. So in the U.S., for example, based on that, we currently estimate between 7,000 and 14,000 patients would match that inclusion criteria for CYCLONE 2. And exciting in this space is that as long as being a high unmet need in a large patient population, there's also a long length of anticipated treatment duration. So this could be a treatment duration of up to two years or longer. So that's why we're particularly excited about this opportunity, is what it delivers there. There is no RB or other biomarker requirements in the study.
Anne White: Well, thanks, Steve. And as Dan shared, we're going to be presenting data from this recent analysis at a medical meeting later this year. So we won't be able to share further details and then, obviously, due to the embargo. But as you can tell, we are very pleased to see the data continue to strengthen in this latest analysis with more than two years of follow-up. As we stated previously, the overall survival data remains immature. So at this point, what I can share is we have less than half of the events needed, so less than 50% of the events needed for the prespecified OS analysis. So the data remains immature. Again, we were really pleased, even with that immaturity, to see that the patients with highest risk already had this favorable trend. But thanks for the question and look forward to sharing more at a meeting later on.
Mike Mason: Yes. Thanks for the question. Our Phase III SURPASS program for type 2 diabetes is done and completed. So the only gating factor here is how quickly we can summarize the data and submit to the regulators, which we plan to do by the end of the year to major global regulators.
Mike Mason: Yes. Thanks for the question, really nothing new to report on Trulicity pricing. At the beginning of the year, we gave guidance that when you take a look at the impact of increased rates and market, second mix and offset by lower utilization, 340B and modest list price increases, that for the year, we would see low single-digit price decline for Trulicity. That's what we're experiencing, so really nothing new to update at this point in the year.
Mike Mason: Okay. Thanks for the question. Yes, we have only announced a HFpEF study for tirzepatide, and that's currently all we're planning on announcing at this point. I think we're very confident in the opportunity of tirzepatide in the HFpEF. When you look at patients that have HFpEF, there's a large segment that also are obese and obesity is a [steep] phenotype within this patient population. So I think we feel good about our -- the results we've seen in our Phase II studies that give us, I think, confidence that we'll be successful in HFpEF. And so right now, our efforts are focused on HFpEF.
