Kevin Hern: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for Eli Lilly and Company's Q1 2021 Earnings Call. I'm Kevin Hern, Vice President of Investor Relations. Joining me on today's call are Dave Ricks, Lilly's Chairman and CEO; Anat Ashkenazi, Chief Financial Officer; Dan Skovronsky, Chief Scientific Officer; Anne White, President of Lilly Oncology; Ilya Yuffa, President of Lilly Bio-Medicines; Mike Mason, President of Lilly Diabetes. And we'd also like to welcome Jake Van Naarden, CEO of Loxo Oncology at Lilly, who will be joining us today and moving forward to answer your questions about discovery and early-stage oncology efforts he's leading. Now I'll turn the call over to Dave -- sorry, we're also joined by Sara Smith and Lauren Zierke of the Investor Relations team.  During this conference call, we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Our actual results could differ materially due to a number of factors, including those listed on Slide 3. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in our latest Forms 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Q and 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The information we provide about our products and pipeline is for the benefit of the investment community. It is not intended to be promotional and is not sufficient for prescribing decisions. As we transition to our prepared remarks, a reminder that our commentary will focus on non-GAAP financial measures.  Now I'll turn the call over to Dave for a summary of our results from the first quarter of 2021.
Kevin Hern: Thanks, Dave. [Operator Instructions]. Toni, can you please provide the instructions for the Q&A session? And then we're ready for the first caller.
Kevin Hern: Thanks, Geoff. We'll go to Ilya for the first question and then Dan for the question on Alzheimer's.
Kevin Hern: Thanks, Vamil. We'll go to Ilya for the question on Taltz and kind of the full year picture and then Dan on TRAILBLAZER-3.
Kevin Hern: Thanks, Seamus, lots to unpack there. We'll start with Dave on some of the policy, maybe Anat on the tax piece of that. And then we'll go to Ilya on kind of what he sees from a JAK and lebrikizumab standpoint.
David Ricks: Thanks, Dan. Before we go to Q&A, let me briefly sum up the progress we've made to start the year. Amid several moving pieces in a challenging health care environment, we are excited by the momentum we are seeing. Our business grew 16% in the first quarter with the core business growing 7%, adjusted for COVID-19 antibody revenue and last year's COVID-19-related inventory stocking benefit. Our top line growth continues to be strong, driven strongly by volume across our key growth products, which account for more than half of our core business.  Net of the significant impact from foreign exchange on international inventories sold, our operating margin was in line with our expectations as we continue to expect operating margin expansion throughout the year and further expansion in years to come. We made significant progress developing new medicines with many more data readouts expected this year. Advances for tirzepatide, donanemab, pirtobrutinib, Verzenio, mirikizumab, Retevmo and Olumiant, serve as a reminder of the breadth and depth of opportunities we have to sustain robust long-term growth. We returned nearly $800 million to shareholders, being increased dividend, reflecting confidence in the ongoing strength of our business.  I want to say thank you to my Lilly teammates, whose commitment to excellence and dedication to our purpose of bringing innovative new medicines to patients is inspiring and drove these accomplishments amidst ongoing pandemic headwinds. While our people, health care providers and patients continue to face near-term challenges associated with COVID-19, our long-term outlook is as bright as ever.  This concludes our prepared remarks. And now I'll turn the call over to Kevin to moderate the Q&A session.
David Ricks: Yes, Seamus. Look, on tax, this is a live discussion, of course, because the president has introduced a number of ideas on corporate tax changes. I guess we join a growing chorus of large companies who oppose, that means to raise revenue, especially when the stated policy goal of the infrastructure plan is to build back the economy. Of course, private money and corporate actions make up the vast majority of the investment that could or would occur. And taxing that seems like a bad idea, maybe the opposite idea from the bill itself.  Within the bill, maybe just a couple of general comments, and we can follow up if we need to. There's the nominal rate discussion, which, of course, when we say moving from 21% to 28% is moving toward the middle of the pack, is not true because, of course, in the U.S., we have state-level income tax. It would really put the U.S. at the highest developed economy in terms of corporate tax rate.  Additionally, we're the only major economy that taxes overseas earnings of its domiciled companies and changing the so-called GILTI tax, foreign minimum tax, really is punitive to our home companies in multiple ways and is something that would have a disproportionate effect on pharmaceutical companies. And so both these actions don't make a lot of sense to us and we oppose. We would favor things like looking at funding the IRS, so they can collect taxes from all the people that don't pay, including businesses and other items that could be pay-fors, we certainly support infrastructure in many ways.  On drug pricing, this has been pushed out a little bit. I wouldn't be surprised if we see HR 3 being debated soon, but as you may have read, apparently it won't be part of the second package from the White House. That's good because HR 3 and those concepts are really set to take a huge piece out of the industry, do nothing for patient out-of-pocket affordability and really derail the innovation machine that is the only reason we're escaping from the COVID-19 pandemic. So we will oppose that with every ounce of our being as pharma.  That said, we are all for changes to the system that make out-of-pocket costs go down for patients. There are a lot of ways to do this within the system that the industry is willing to put pay-fors on the table. This is much more around the contours of maybe what we saw with Senate Finance or the reported proposals made in the 11th hour of the last administration. We will table those ideas. We are tabling those ideas. And I think probably in the second half, you'll hear more about that.  We think there's a great opportunity to improve affordability and strengthen the health care system and really address health care inequities as well that occur because people who are of lower economic means, people of color, women are disproportionately affected by bad insurance design and bad benefit design. We can shore those up and make the health care system work better for everyone.
David Ricks: Ilya, just to jump in on top of that, of course, there will be a dosing convenience and dosing certainty benefit with lebri as well.
David Ricks: And maybe just to add as a mindset thing, we didn't get into this because we were thinking about margins or business profile, it was to be useful during the pandemic, which is still going on, obviously, raging in other parts of the world. One other driver for the top line is that increasingly, we'll be selling our products into lower-priced markets or giving it away because that's where the disease is. And when the pandemic period ends, I think we can then take a different look at this enduring business, but we're not there yet. So we're making the investments we need to, to be useful and selling the product where it's needed at the price structure we had previously announced, which is heavily discounted in low GDP markets.
David Ricks: Okay. Thanks, Kevin. We appreciate your participation in today's call and your interest in Eli Lilly and Company. 2021 has been -- has begun with good momentum in our underlying business. We remain focused on executing our innovation-based strategy to bring new medicines to patients and create value for all our stakeholders. As we continue to scale our diverse commercial portfolio, complemented by a pipeline of industry-leading opportunities, we believe Lilly continues to be a compelling investment.  Thanks again for dialing in today. Please follow up with our IR team if you have any questions we have not addressed on today's call. Hope everyone has a great day.
Anne White: Well, thanks, Chris, for the question on Verzenio. And so we will be delivering this data set to the FDA without delaying our standard review timing. We can't really comment on what the FDA will do with the data or the application, but these discussions are progressing as planned. Important to note, as the data matures, I think, as Dan said, given the strength of the DRFS hazard ratio, remember, it was a 0.687 haz ratio with a very strong p-value, we are highly confident that the OS will trend in favor of Verzenio. So really, what we believe we're discussing is when that will occur.  So obviously, as I said, we can't comment on the discussion with FDA, but we do look forward to working with them on bringing this medicine to patients. And maybe just a comment to reference how immature this data is. At the time of the interim analysis that we published in JCO late last year, there were 39 deaths in the abema arm and 37 in the control arm. So that makes it really challenging to interpret this data when there's over 5,000 patients in the study. Thanks for the question.
Anne White: Well, thanks, Tim, for the question on Verzenio. So I think, as you're mentioning, it's an incredibly competitive market with the CDK4/6s. And so we and others continue to do what we need to do to make sure that patients get access to the right medicines. So we have obviously a strong strategy there. I can't comment on the specifics, but we do see competition. And really, what we're seeing -- I think you're seeing in Verzenio, what we're seeing is an incredibly nice trend growing in Q1.  As you saw, we had positive momentum with the U.S. strong share growth in March and we saw TRx of over 17% and NBRx of over 28%, so -- and this is despite, as you've noticed, a modest year-on-year TRx market decline. So I think what we're seeing is both from a payer strategy but also very much from a data strategy, we're seeing that Verzenio is growing its share nicely. And so I like how all of our different programs are coming together.  And obviously, the data in AZURE breast cancer reinforce the growing awareness that these medicines are different. But what really has been the focus for our execution has been capitalizing on positive OS data and making sure that people are aware of that and we're seeing more trial, more adoption as we go through that. So very pleased how all of our strategies with Verzenio are coming together.  On Tyvyt, yes, I mean, as you mentioned, it's a competitive space, obviously. And while I can't really comment on our commercial strategy prior to approval, you can be reassured that we're looking at ways to differentiate and really add value to this innovative class of medicines. So obviously, we know that there's certain commercial approaches we'll have to take to capture share as really a late entrant in the field, but we see opportunity here.  And obviously, this deal made sense with the partnership that we've had with Innovent and we're committed to the U.S. submission this year. And so more to come as we look to launch the product and share that strategy and how we intend to make an opportunity here. But as you said, I wouldn't assess this as a large opportunity for Lilly, but an opportunistic one that we think makes sense, it makes sense for patients globally and driving value for them.
Anne White: Thanks for the question. So on monarchE and NCCN, I really can't comment for them. So obviously, we feel that this data is incredibly impactful. I think one of our thought leaders call it the most notable development in HER2-positive breast cancer in the last 2 decades, but we'll just have to wait and see what NCCN decides to do.  And then on Retevmo, the launch is going well. So we had a virtual launch in May, we finished 2020 with $37 million in sales, and we see positive momentum in Q1. So we've had a great engagement with customers. Unaided brand awareness is strong. So we're quite pleased. And this is an incredibly important medicine, as you know, in some patients, over an 80% response rate, so great response from the customers. I'm very enthusiastic about what we're seeing so far.
Michael Mason: Chris, thanks for your question. No, the tirzepatide results have not changed the way we want to position tirzepatide in the marketplace. Obviously very pleased with those results. We're also just really blessed to have both Trulicity and tirzepatide. Our goal will be to maximize our entire incretin portfolio. Trulicity has established a strong market position. And I think the best data to support that is just how we've been able to grow share of market in the face of Ozempic and Rybelsus. So it has a strong position in the marketplace and that will remain.  But now as we think about tirzepatide, the dual incretin mechanism, that GIP component is really a game changer. Dan went through the results, but we just haven't seen the ability to return to someone living with type 2 diabetes, whether they're late or early, someone with type 2 diabetes progression, back to normal A1C. In fact, we were able to get 50% to 60% people back, it’s really incredible. Also weight loss at the highest dose, up to 14%. So when you just take a look at that and you take a look at the fact that 90% of people who live with type 2 diabetes are overweight or obese, they can really benefit from early treatment with type 2 diabetes.  So the real question is why would you want to put them on something else early on? And why would you want to wait for them to have those benefits? So we see tirzepatide has the potential to really transform the market, driving earlier use of incretin, in particular tirzepatide's dual mechanism, and really expand the incretin market. So I think tirzepatide will clearly win some new patients that would have went on to Trulicity. You have some people who were maybe not performing well or not -- or needed more efficacy that will go on to tirzepatide. But clearly, our focus will be to profoundly change and disrupt the type 2 diabetes marketplace by driving earlier use of incretins with tirzepatide.
Michael Mason: Yes. Thanks for the question on the SUMMIT trial. We're bullish on the opportunity for tirzepatide in HFpEF. When you look at that, it's really a large unmet need with nearly 4 million people living with HFpEF heart failure, a leading cause of hospitalization in the U.S. When you look at it scientifically, you do see that there is a BC-related HFpEF phenotype that we believe that tirzepatide can play a large role in helping out. And so that's what really drove our investment in SUMMIT. And I think the team has done a nice job of coming up with a creative approach that will provide, I think, robust data for payers and clinicians to make that decision. So I think we're very confident in this -- in both our clinical trial design as well as the commercial opportunity.
Michael Mason: Yes. Thanks for the question. No, we have no concerns. We will -- we have reached the number we needed to complete the trial. We're getting patients back in. We'll have that data, should start to see top line in May, and we'll release that information in -- before the end of the quarter. We're very, very excited about tirzepatide and very confident in its CV profile. I'm looking forward to seeing the SURPASS-4 data.
Ilya Yuffa: Great. Geoff, thank you for the question. On mirikizumab, really as we see the greatest opportunity for unmet need for patients and we've said all along, we believe that mirikizumab has the greatest opportunity in GI, in IBD, in ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease. We were pleased with the LUCENT-1 results. And so we're looking forward to seeing the maintenance data at the early part of next year.  In terms of psoriasis, as we take a look at the market and unmet need, we do continue to believe that Taltz is the gold standard and best in disease and believe that really is a market well served. And so the decision from a portfolio standpoint is to focus our efforts in places where we believe we can have the greatest unmet need. And GI is where we're focused for mirikizumab.
Ilya Yuffa: Sure. So on Taltz, first, let me just say we're really pleased about the progress we're making on Taltz and the growth that we're seeing with the step-up in access upgrades, ESI and beyond. And so as we take a look, even though that we've had some price impact in Q1, there are some elements there where we have a number of patients that were on medical exception that are now in the rebated contract that we have with ESI. Of course, we're also seeing an increase in overall volumes with ESI. What's encouraging is that we're not only seeing improvements in overall volume based off of switches, we're also seeing significant improvement in our new therapy starts.  And so we're, in dermatology, now the leading share in dermatology with over 19% share. And then in rheumatology, we're almost doubling our share from previous year. And so as we think about the year in terms of growth, we do believe we'll get to net sales growth in Q2, and we'll continue to accelerate that volume growth throughout the year. The contracting that we have for Taltz is -- goes beyond 1 year. And so we're encouraged about the volume growth of over 20% now, and we continue to see encouraging signs in the market.
Ilya Yuffa: Yes. Seamus, so thank you for the question. As you noted and what we said on the call is that we're quite excited about our progress in immunology as a whole. And if we think about the growth opportunities within immunology, atopic dermatitis is one catalyst for the company, both in what we believe in Olumiant's success but also lebrikizumab. In terms of the question around JAKs and FDA decision, I won't speculate on any decision the FDA may make. But it's safe to say that the delay across all JAKs in atopic dermatitis and other indications suggests that there's a broader review on JAK safety. We feel that Olumiant has a robust safety profile. And with dermatology being more safety conscious, we do believe that Olumiant has a very good prospect to compete in this space, especially after topical failure.  And then lebrikizumab is one to watch out for, for the second half of the year. As we get more data, well, we feel like we can compete and differentiate versus Dupixent. And so long-term prospect and catalysts for growth are very good for having both mechanisms. And we also see catalyst for growth in alopecia areata, a very -- to be first in disease with Olumiant. And so we feel very good about our chances to not only compete but also to have significant growth and have meaningful outcomes for patients.
Ilya Yuffa: Yes. Louise, thank you for the question about lebrikizumab. In terms of area differentiation, the focus for lebrikizumab is not only to look at the efficacy on skin but also one of the more impactful symptoms related to atopic dermatitis is itch. And so we believe we may have the opportunity to differentiate an itch, which also has impact on sleep. And we believe that lebrikizumab may have a better safety profile. So that's where we believe we can differentiate. And so we're excited to get the results for lebrikizumab at the back half of the year. In terms of new indications, I think it's early to take a look at any new indications. We're obviously evaluating opportunities to grow lebrikizumab. But our full focus right now is making sure we have success in atopic dermatitis.
Ilya Yuffa: Sure. Yes, Carter, listen, as you noted, in terms of building franchises across immunology, we've built up our scale in dermatology and excited about increasing number of treatments there, the same with rheumatology in the hope for finding lupus as well. And then in GI, mirikizumab will be our first entrant into GI with ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease. And then we do have a pretty robust pipeline in both Phase I and proof-of-concept studies, in particular, IL-2 conjugate that we're studying for ulcerative colitis as well. And we look forward to bringing out new treatments across all three of those areas in the coming years.
Ilya Yuffa: Yes. Ronny, thanks for the question on immunology. In terms of our focus, it's -- let's not -- conscious is more related to looking at opportunities for growth. We have a long runway for Taltz. And so we do believe that Taltz is kind of at the foundation of our immunology strategy. We have numerous head-to-head studies in real world evidence to suggest that Taltz is a best-in-disease treatment. And as part of our growth strategy looking at mirikizumab in GI, we do believe that within the next 5 to 10 years, we can, across multiple mechanisms in those 3 specialized groups, dermatology, rheumatology and GI, have significant growth and become a top-tier immunology company. In terms of pricing, I think it's -- they're all very competitive fields. And so our goal is to have great evidence and create access opportunities for patients that need these treatments.
Daniel Skovronsky: Yes. Thanks, Geoff, for the question on zagotenemab, our anti-tau antibody. Before I come to combinations, maybe I'd just handicap this Phase II trial quickly. The pro here in favor of tau is clearly genetic validation and pathologic validation of the target. It's a great target for Alzheimer's disease. The cons here that we have to acknowledge is data from other companies' tau antibodies, which hasn't been particularly promising, and the difficulty in hitting the tau target in the brain. Now we have a differentiated antibody here that binds just aggregated tau, so perhaps there's reason to think we could get different results.  We're certainly eagerly awaiting those data in the second half of the year. And you're exactly right, if we see efficacy, combination would be an important consideration here. For sure, the general theme of combining an anti-amyloid drug with an anti-tau drug is a good one, particularly when you have a drug like donanemab, where you can completely clear amyloid plaques with a limited duration of therapy and then perhaps at that moment, intervene with an anti-tau drug. I do think that's the future. It's something we're actively considering, pending, of course, data on the tau antibody.
Daniel Skovronsky: Yes. Thanks, Vamil, for the question on TRAILBLAZER-3 and our enrollment goals here. We probably don't get into too many details here, but we are, of course, expecting to -- this to be a large trial involving thousands of individuals, but yet we also set very ambitious enrollment goals. And while we don't have all the details planned out on how to achieve this, our goal is that we should be able to enroll this trial in about a year. That's pretty exciting to contemplate.  And Alzheimer's prevention trial is something that makes great sense, given the science and the biology here and what we know about the onset of Alzheimer's disease and its relation to years of having amyloid plaque in the brain. But there have been 2 major drawbacks that have not made these trials really very practical. First is finding the patients. That has gone from impossible before our introduction of amyloid PET scan to possible but really hard with amyloid PET scans as we experienced firsthand in the A4 trial to now something that's eminently feasible with our advent of the plasma tau -- phospho-tau217 assay. That's a huge advance that just unlocks this trial.  The second is if you think about this population, which is not experiencing symptoms, is a bit younger than an Alzheimer's population and introducing a therapy that is likely an infusion that they take for the rest of their lives, that's also a pretty significant hurdle. Again, we've, I think, abrogated that risk with donanemab in a limited treatment duration to give lasting plaque clearance, so excited about the TRAILBLAZER-3 trial.
Daniel Skovronsky: I'll just take it quickly. No, Andrew, it's -- the focus here is on the overall survival. On the distant relapse-free survival, as we commented, the curves are not coming together, they're actually separating more. It's improving as we get more events. So I'm not aware of any concerns around that.
Daniel Skovronsky: Yes, sure. So FDA feedback is -- has been continuing, I should say. We had some and it continues to come. I think our view here is unchanged. We previously said that the FDA has concerns around iADRS because it combines cognition and function. And there's always a risk that you could have a positive signal on iADRS driven by cognition with no benefit on function or function going the other way or vice versa. And that wouldn't be acceptable for approval of a new drug. So that's the risk there. On the CD73 Phase I termination, I don't have additional comments.
Daniel Skovronsky: Sure. Gregg, thanks for the question. Pain is still a really important unmet medical need. Clearly, the regulatory bar is high here in terms of safety. And we saw that from the Tanezumab Advisory Committee meeting, which was a pretty decisive outcome there and one that we were disappointed in.
