Kevin Hern: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us for Eli Lilly and Company’s Q2 2020 earnings call. I’m Kevin Hern, Vice President of Investor Relations. Joining me on today’s call are Dave Ricks, Lilly’s Chairman and CEO; Josh Smiley, Chief Financial Officer; Dr. Dan Skovronsky, Chief Scientific Officer; Anne White, President of Lilly Oncology; Patrik Jonsson, President of Lilly Bio-Medicines; and Mike Mason, President of Lilly Diabetes. We’re also joined by Sara Smith and Mike Czapar of the Investor Relations team.  During this conference call we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Our actual results could differ materially due to a number of factors, including the extent and duration of the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as other factors listed on slide three, and those outlined in our latest forms 10-K, 10-Q and any 8-Ks filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The information we provide about our products and pipeline is for the benefit of the investment community. It is not intended to be promotional and is not sufficient for prescribing decisions.  As we transition to our prepared remarks, I’ll remind you that our commentary will focus on non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude the financial contribution from Elanco during 2019 and present earnings per share as though the full disposition via the exchange offer was complete on January 1, 2019. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Dave for some opening comments.
Kevin Hern: Thank you, Dave. We’d like to take questions from many callers as possible, so we ask that you limit your questions to two per caller. Kevin, if you can please provide the instructions for the Q&A session and then we're ready for the first caller. 
Kevin Hern: Thanks Tim. We’ll go to Anne for the question on the CDK 4/6 class and then Mike Mason for the question on Tirzepatide. 
Kevin Hern: Thanks Terence, we’ll go to Anne for the question on MonarchE and then Josh around the contracting. 
Kevin Hern: Thanks Steve. We’ll go to Anne for the question on monarchE and then Dan for the question on TAURIEL. 
Dave Ricks: Thanks Dan. We’re mobilizing our resources to pursue treatments of devastating diseases is a natural part of our history and our company's purpose, on a separate note I think all major employers are realizing we have a bigger role to play in the fight against systemic racial injustice and as a corporate leader in diversity inclusion, Lilly is committed to using our platform to speak up, speak out and work towards solutions to eliminate the racism and inequities that African-Americans and other minorities have experienced for far too long.  We are stepping up to bring people and organizations together to acknowledge the trauma of racial injustice, understand its many forms and create lasting change. To underscore our commitment to positive action, we also announced a pledge of $25 million and 25,000 employee volunteer hours over the next five years. The funding in volunteerism will be directed toward combating racial injustice and inequality primarily here in Indiana and we plan to partner with other businesses and community groups to achieve our goals.  While there’s nothing easy about the road ahead, we can no longer accept systemic bias in any of its forms and the time for platitudes is now behind us. The time for meaningful actions, specifically by the corporate community to drive lasting change is in fact now, so a busy quarter.  Let me conclude with some closing comments on our progress in the first half of the year. As expected, our business experienced headwinds this quarter based on reduced new patient starts and changes in inventory we highlighted earlier this year. With that in mind, we are pleased that in the first half of 2020 we delivered strong volume driven revenue growth of 7% worldwide in constant currency.  We are cautiously optimistic about the recovery of both healthcare activity and prescription trends and expect both to accelerate during the second half of this year. We continue to find innovative ways to ensure our patients have access to their medicines and that we can support physicians and hospital systems as they provide care.  Our operating margin improved 200 basis points over the first half of 2019 and we made exciting progress on our pipeline this quarter. We saw three top line phase 3 data readouts from important clinical programs. We had five U.S. approvals for NMEs and line extensions and achieved a number of other clinical milestones that Dan just highlighted.  The COVID-19 global pandemic continues to be a disruptive force in the way we all work and live. Lilly and the broader pharmaceutical industry are working hard to develop new medicines to treat and to prevent the spread of COVID-19. We anticipate this disruption will continue till vaccines and new medicines can be used to manage the spread of the infection.  While near term challenges do exist, we remain confident in the long term outlook for our company and the strength of our fundamentals. Lilly and Lilly people will continue to rise to the challenge and I'm incredibly proud of our efforts to combat the global health crisis, social and economic crises we currently face.  This concludes our prepared remarks. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Kevin who’ll moderate the Q&A session. 
Dave Ricks: Yeah, thanks Geoff. Well, I mean you know we all observed last Friday's announcements. I think mostly these are not perceiving new ideas, so my statement’s maybe a repeat from prior calls. But on IPI specifically, you know this is being proposed under the CMMI model, Affordable Care Act, so that by itself is probably a problem. It just seems to regulate the entirety of the U.S. position infused market via that mechanism, and you know you expect the industry to vigorously challenge that authority here as to create new authority.  But if implemented, and we have yet to see the tax by the way. I'm not sure the White House has put that out yet, but let's assume it's something like the 2018, a blueprint proposal. We are relatively under exposed to this idea, because it affects part B physician infused drugs. Today you know the two material medicines fit that in our portfolio, Alimta and Cyramza. Of course Alimta, we expect a patent expiry in spring of ’22, so you have a time window impact that’s quite short. And Cyramza, which is obviously longer and a meaningful product, but a part of our growth story but not a cornerstone of it. Going forward, of course if we looked at future medicines in the pipeline, there are you know infused medicines in immunology and notably in Alzheimer's should those succeed that you know you'd be concerned about. But I think drug companies have more ability to navigate on future products than they do one past – products launches in the past, because you can affect your primarily European pricing outlook, perhaps with constrained demand in Europe, but focused on a common floor price for the U.S., so you know we can navigate it.  That said, it's a horrible policy and I think we'll – it sends a wrong message at a time when this industry is working literally day and night to help us all escape from COVID-19. Do we really want to be talking about this disruptive force and the most well capitalized companies that are least affected, biotech which you know we're not part of that small company group, but they will be severely affected and investor interest in many of their companies could drop precipitously. I think that would be a real loss for what is an industry that's basically U.S. based. So we'll fight it hard and hopefully it won’t come to be.  On rebate, again this is an idea we've pursued before for some time, as well as frankly you know we're not disappointed by the 340B pass through idea that was presented as well. We think that the patients who drive the volume, that plans negotiate discounts on should benefit from those discounts.  Frankly as they do in every other part of the healthcare system except medicines, so that we think cost sharing and copay should be based on net price not list and these ideas for that. Again, lots of barriers to implementation on those as well, as your other groups who oppose them, but we’ll continue to support that concept of sharing the savings. 
Dave Ricks: Yeah, thanks Andrew. On the EOs you’re talking about read every form and the pass through and the history here is as you pointed out, the CEO score was extremely negative. In our math largely driven by the one assumption you noted, which is that rebate value which essentially grew back to manufacturers and thus raised premiums. It's a deeply flawed assumption. Of course we’ll compete, but the whole idea would be to move the basis competition from sort of discriminated prices that are private to list price or other means to deliver pricing directly to consumers discounts that pass through for instance.  So that of course requires industry actors to change their practices and that's not something that can be coordinated or messaged very well due to the antitrust laws. So we're sort of in this catch 22 on committing to deliver on sharing the savings, but not being able to do that publicly.  I think that's a problem. I mean it’s particularly a problem for legislation. Of course the executive order method has other problems in terms of legal power, but if enacted under administrative rules, you know there isn't necessarily a requirement to square the budget, so savings can be assumed in other ways and there's a different authority doing the math. That said, I think there are headwinds on this point, both within the administrative executive branch, as well as on the hill. Nonetheless it's the right thing to do and I think we need to continue to push for ways that everyone would have confidence that the industry would compete in a way that would lower consumer out-of-pocket costs. I can tell you that's the goal when we advocate for this policy, and we need to find ways to provide that assurance I think to get movement. You talked about Senate finance and Grassley reintroduced a version of his bill to try to make one last push. I believe his chairmanship is ending in any case at the end of this Congress, so it's understandable why he's doing that. I don't think that that package has much of a chance to advance. There are always ways stars get align and there’s a number of health extenders do at the end of this Congress, but it's a pretty big piece of legislation to throw on an extenders package. The only possible way is that it does produce a positive budget impact in terms of use to pay for other things, but probably you don’t need the whole package.  So I think that's still a narrow path and the most likely scenario is that these EOs can't take the force and don’t take force prior to a new presidential term, a new congression, Congress sitting and the Senate finance doesn't go anywhere either nor does HR3. I think that's sort of a probable planning scenario. 
Dave Ricks: Maybe just add to that, it goes maybe without saying, to help say it, the current utilization of GLPs in the total diabetes population in developed markets is something like one in eight or one it 10 patients. And so the hope here is that we can rearrange the priorities and the sequence of treatment in a way where this powerful category in here are duel acting GLP, GIP could be used earlier and more broadly to manage disease outcomes in a very different way. Today Type 2 diabetes disease is a failure and perhaps this technology could help doctors and patients find success much earlier in the disease course. 
Dave Ricks: Great! And on international pricing, I think we’ve talked about this before, but we don't have that many proxies for this kind of situation, but what we do know is economic activity, particularly in Europe and Japan has fallen like in the U.S. Tax receipts accordingly and if we use 2008 as a proxy, really took almost three years for the policy implications of that to show up in drug pricing health budgets. I think that’s natural because there's a lag in tax receipts and then there's a lag in policy making in response to it.  I would expect that to happen, and the normal things that occur are clawback mechanisms and methods to keep the medicines budget within some proportion of the health budget. I think that will be a headwind the industrial will face over the next two or three years.  I would say though that, if history follows, and I don't see any reason why it wouldn't, because Europeans in particular were successful at capping drugs, spending growth in the early part of the last decade. The burden of that tends to follow – fall disproportionately on older products that are scaled and perhaps with more competition in the categories, whereas as newer products I think actually weren’t really affected. They are more driven by helping technology assessment and the procedures to get an initial price and they don't really drive much budget pressure versus end of life.  As you know, we continually advocate for more biosimilar and generic adoption in these markets is the first lever to pull and so I think also for products they are supposed to buy similar in generics you probably would see more pressure on the back end of this as well. 
Dave Ricks: Yeah Vamil, for some now we've been on a journey to build out the capabilities to reach customers where they want to be reached and have relevant information at that time, as well as around launches and key data readouts to be able to expand our capacity beyond just the sales channel to reach customers.  That has proven pretty useful through this pandemic and I would say overall the conditions which as I mentioned in my prepared remarks are variable around the world in terms of being able to safely send reps in the field and actually even be able to be let into medical buildings and facilities. I think there's a constraint there. So we’ve leaned into this, we've accelerated some of the plans we had to increase volume and the richness of this capability.  Overall, I think the results are – I think we prefer to run the hybrid model everywhere where we have sales reps and these capabilities, where we can't send sales reps these capabilities have been useful. Is it as productive? I think it's certainly more efficient and it's more scalable. Whether it's as impactful, I think we’ll need to watch through time. We have different markets we serve and I can say that in specialty markets where you get a smaller number physicians and you can target your efforts extremely well. We mention Retevmo launch on this call, which is a kind of a first thing for us was an approval and launch during the pandemic. I think we are pretty pleased with the progress there.  On the other hand, primary care brands, you know it's a little more challenging, because the way these practices are run and the variability and physicians accessibility. So I think the whole industry is probably learning this, but on the other side of this we’ll have a much more enhanced capability and you can bet we are spending huge amounts of time on a global basis lifting that up now in a way that's a pretty rigorous. So you know more to come there. Productivity to be seen, efficiency yes, effectiveness, you know we probably see a lot of variability right now. 
Dave Ricks: Thanks Kevin. Well, we appreciate your participation in our earnings call today and a remarkable quarter and thank you for your interest in Eli Lilly.  Please follow-up with our IR team if you have any additional questions that we didn’t address today and hope everyone stays well. We’ll talk to you soon. 
Josh Smiley: Thanks Seamus. So if we look at our guidance for the year and think about the margin progression in the second half of the year, just a reminder, you know sales on a constant currency basis grew 7% in the first half and our operating income percentage was a little bit over 29%. So to get to the 31% target we have for 2020, we’re obviously going to see margin expansion in the second half of the year, but I think it's pretty straightforward.  When we look at the sales range that we have, you know picking midpoints or wherever you want to pick, we’re looking really at something close to 7% or 8% growth in the second half of the year. So while we expect an acceleration in sort of absolute sales on a half to half basis, it’s not that much of a stretch from where we are. We think a little bit of a pick-up probably in gross margin in basis points and that's just a function of more normalized geographic impact. As you know we saw more of an impact in the U.S. in the first half of the year than outside the U.S. We expect those things to normalize a little bit in the second half of the year and we’re not anticipating any one-time pricing impact either up or down, so we see a little bit of a benefit there. But the big piece will come on the OpEx side. I mean it's not from additional sort of cost saving moves, you know our guidance range we provide for getting and picking wherever you want to pick in that range, a couple $100 million or so increased investment in absolute dollars in combination of SG&A and R&D in the second half of the year.  So it's really just the absolute sales benefit that we'll see in the second half against a lower absolute increase, but still an increase in OpEx. That gets us to something over 31% in the second half of the year. Put that together and that puts us at 31, because most of these things are certainly in our control.  As I mentioned earlier, and as Dan’s talked about on COVID, we're going to invest fully you know behind those opportunities that is contemplated in our guidance range and to the extent we’re higher on OpEx, you know at the higher end of the range, it’s going to be the – primarily be because of you know seeing good data and continue to move fast there, but we’re confident in the margin expansion opportunity into the second half of the year for the reasons I just mentioned. 
Josh Smiley: Thanks Louise. I think in the first half as I mentioned, our operating margin was 29.1%. I think if you add back some of the lost prescriptions, but then also keep in mind we had some savings associated with promotions, you know we’re probably closer to 30%. We said as we came into the year, we expected margin expansion through the year. So that’s still on track, but yeah we’re probably off by somewhere in the range of 50 to 100 basis points or something there. 
Josh Smiley: As you know Terence, we won't sort of talk specifically about individual contracts or anything at this point. But I think from what we have seen, first to go back to the earlier comments, we see a pretty similar pricing environment in 2021 to what we're seeing here, which would be modest net price decline, meeting we are providing slightly more rebates than what we're anticipating in terms of list price increases and then we couple that with the other dynamic factors that we mentioned.  I think if you think about Trulicity, we've said sort of you know expect something plus or minutes 5% net price declined over time. I think that’s how we’re viewing next year. It’s a very competitive environment of course that we are focused on maintaining access, not looking to trade price per share or anything like that. So I think those negotiations are going as expected.  With Taltz, we’ve been focus on upgrading our access and so to the extent that were able to do that, you'll see that as a net price decline potentially but compensated for by increased access. Again I think we're happy with the progress we're making this year and continue to focus on improving where we can for next year. But overall, again I’d say the general trend is we have fierce competition in the classes we’re in, but we're focused on maintaining at least the access we have today and you know when we have the chance upgrading in areas like immunology.
Josh Smiley: Yes, so on business development our strategy hasn’t changed. We continue to focus on acquiring potential first-in-class or best-in-class projects or products in our therapeutic areas. There's a high bar there and we've had great progress in our internal pipeline, but we remain committed to finding those kind of opportunities.  We have – you know we are generating very strong cash flow. We got good investment grade ratings and good liquidity, good access to capital markets. So even with all the disruption related to COVID, I don't see any change for us and then our ability to interact with you know smaller companies or access potential projects hadn't changed. That’s not impacted by COVID. So it's really just a function of finding the right opportunities and ensuring that we can structure the deal in ways that create value for both sides and will continue to focus on that. 
Josh Smiley: Thanks. On our OID, of course in the first half of the year and particular in the second quarter as I mentioned, what we're seeing there is the mark-to-market gains from the roughly $2 billion of investment securities we hold. Again, we hold these as a function of business development deals and venture capital deals to stay abreast of breaking science and obviously making good decisions there, at least as of Q2.  We don't anticipate or we don’t forecast gains going forward there. So really, if you keep that neutral Dave, what we are really thinking about then is, we are in a net debt position, so we pay interest costs on the debt and then that’s the only way we see anything that’s positive is if we see investment gains change.  So I think for modeling purposes, look at our sort of net debt position. We've got great rates again the debt and so it’s pretty modest negative cost. But that's sort of what we assume and then you know any unusual items that flow through there, of course we’ll report and we tend to just as you saw in Q2 let those upload though. But we are not anticipating anything significant in the second half of the year. So mostly you're just going to see the negative impacts of our net-debt position. 
Anne White: Well Geoff, thanks for the question on Verzenio and the duration question is an important one and something that we're really excited about as part of the additional opportunity in EBC, and so we do expect the duration of treatment to be longer than the metastatic setting. And to your question, what we've seen in the RWE in the metastatic setting is about eight months.  Now we’ll need to see what that actually is once the patients are being treated upon approval in the adjuvant setting, but obviously we're encouraged. The fact is the treatment duration in the study itself was 24 months. So we do expect it to be much longer than the eight months that we see in the metastatic setting. 
Anne White: Well, thanks for the question Tim on Verzenio and we believe we've seen really positive trends will Verzenio in the metastatic setting and I think josh mentioned those in some of the intro, and we’ve really capitalized on the positive overall survival data from one or two in the combination with that strength. And so we’ve seen versus Q2 2019 is worldwide growth of 56% in revenue and U.S. growth is 35%.  And then if we looked globally, we now had 49 approvals worldwide and I think probably an important metric is the Japan NBRx share of the market now, it's 58%. So we’re seeing a very strong launch in Japan, and so we believe obviously that with specifically significant survival data, that's really the gold standard in this class and so we believe that more and more physicians will be trying Verzenio and we’ve seen that in the continued increase in the NBRx and so we'll continue to share that message.  We believe that this is the best-in-class agent and I think it just goes to that whole picture of the differentiation that we see with Verzenio over time and I just think that that will shift physicians’ minds.  Mark has the results from monarchE as Dan mentioned, really do differentiate it from both CDK 4/6 and then we've got the statistically significant results, not just in the overall population, but then in the hard to treat population, those with visceral disease and primary endocrine resistant. And again, you didn't see that with some of the other CDK 4/6’s.  So I think we’re starting to feel pretty strongly and I think physicians are starting to agree with us that we have a differentiated agent here, and so you’ll continue to see us press in the metastatic setting, because we have that survival data, and now we get to make the move into the other trend setting. 
Anne White: Yeah, so thanks for the question Terence. So on the presentation we will be presenting at a medical meeting later this year. Unfortunately I can't confirm which one yet, but we will be presenting at the meeting this year. As far as on the penetration, well that’s I think what’s exciting about this opportunity, is that we are the only CDK 4/6 to have positive results in the adjuvant setting. And so I think our penetration for the high risk patients, which is the population that we had in MonarchE will be extremely high.  So as we’re hearing people ramp even to the top line opportunity, we're seeing that there's a lot of enthusiasm for having CDK 4/6 this setting, and so we look forward to sharing those results as I said later this year. Again, we see I think Dan and others mentioned in the introduction, we see this as an opportunity of only about 20,000 patients here in the U.S., as we matched our criteria in the study to the Sierra database.  So I think we see a pretty significant opportunity. It's really probably half again of what we have in the metastatic setting, which has been significant. So to answer your question, we do expect strong penetration in this space over time. 
Anne White: Great! So thanks so much for that question on the Verzenio eligible population. So as I said in the U.S. about 20,000 eligible patients, which is about 10% to 15% of the HR positive, HER2- EBC positive. Outside the U.S. the pathology is similar and we estimated. So we estimated patient numbers in Europe about 10% larger than the U.S. and then Japan is about one-fourth of the side of the U.S. So I hope that answers the estimate questions outside the U.S. 
Anne White: Well Steve, thanks for the question. Obviously we just shared the top line at this time, so I can't go into detailed data as you know, part of the data disclosure. But what I can tell you is that we do believe that the possible results from monarchE are clinically meaningful and will add to the existing body of evidence that’s presenting, differentiated from other CDK 4/6s, and this is a major milestone for presenting you know and we believe does have the potential to change the paradigm of how early breast cancer is treated. So we really look forward to sharing the data with you at a meeting later this year. 
Anne White: Well, thanks Navin for the questions on Retevmo. So the launch is going well as Dave mentioned in his introduction and so we're encouraged by the early demand signals that we've seen with Retevmo, and his customer feedback on the data has been very positive. So they're impressed by the efficacy and safety data across multiple indications and lines of therapy that we're able to get into the label, and it’s the largest obviously RET inhibition population that's been studied in 700 patients.  We don't have Rx data to report yet, but we're aware of patient starts in a number of our top accounts, which is supported by the downstream channel orders. So it's clear that our first to market advantage is resulting in the treatment of patients who have identified even in previous testing. So that kind of leads to your question around diagnostic testing.  So what we've seen historically is that RET is showing up on panels probably about 30% of the time. So you’ve hit on one of the key criteria’s of the launch is to continue to drive that testing right up and so it's been very much a focus of our efforts, both to work with the pathologist out in the U.S. on making sure that they have RET on their panels now. We have a very actionable biomarkers for them to test against.  Our goal is essentially to eventually see testing rates like we see in some of the other targeted therapies, which approach 80%. Now the question that we’ll all have to assess is how quickly we can get there, but our goal is to drive that up as quickly as we possibly can, and so that's a big focus of the launch.  And we have a partnership with Thermo Fisher and Illumina and other things in the works to really drive that up across the industry. Because we do believe that that's actually the best care for patients regardless they were treated with Retevmo or other targeted therapies that we want patients to get the right therapy for them.  As far as the time lines, so as you know we've submitted in Europe and so we are waiting regulatory action there. That submission was accepted at the beginning of this year, and then we looked to submit in Japan and China either late this year or early next, so still working with regulatory authorities there. 
Dan Skovronsky: Yeah, sure. Umer, thanks for both those questions. So on the COVID map, you should be asking about the rational going into registrational studies without having seen efficacy data; its not something we usually do. You're right, of course here it’s – as I said the gravity of the situation and then look at it with which we desire to test these therapies, that have driven us to that decision. You asked about sort of trends that might have encouraged us from the phase 1 study and unfortunately the answer is we don't have anything to talk about. We had one phase 1 study that was with healthy volunteers, so that they didn't have COVID-19, nothing was due there. The other was so small and in the hospitalized patients six patients per dose group and I think what we saw there is basically what you would expect across doses and placebo.  All of the patients actually did really well and got better and left the hospital. That's not atypical for a phase 1 study here that populations of physicians typically pulled into those studies are some of the better patients who might be at the end of their disease course. I wouldn't expect antibodies in any case to have much effect in people whose viral load is already low and their immune system is already clearing the disease, so that's where we are.  I think the phase 2 study on the other hand is patients who are early in the disease course. They are just within a few days of getting diagnosed. My expectations go up high and in many cases the increasing viral loads in the absence of therapy and it goes here to show that the therapy decreases the viral loads. So that's important read out, but as I said, we’ll have started the phase 3’s by then. On KRAS, this is an issue of off target toxicity, so it's not related to it. The KRAS target itself is our view, that does therefore killed the therapeutic index and not possible to proceed with that drug. I don't think we at this moment could give details on the exact nature of the toxicity or the highest dose that we tested, but we did feel we could proceed based on the doses at which we saw that tox and we're trying to resolve that in the backup program, make some preclinical models for the toxicity and take care of it now. 
Dan Skovronsky: Yeah sure, thanks. On baricitinib, of course we're encouraged and the reason we did this trials is based on preclinical data around the mechanism of action of baricitinib and I think the clinical effects of the immune-modulating in hospitalized patients with COVID-19 has been next as you pointed out, but the [inaudible] have also been some promising efficacy signals and even success, so of course with dexamethasone.  So I think we just have to wait and see how this works. Treating patients in a hospitalized setting is important. If we can reduce like the stay or decrease mortality, that will be an exciting result and maybe a stopgap measure until we have the medicines that actually can fight off the virus. So like I hope the neutralizing antibodies will.  As for N3pG, yeah, we are still on the same timeline as we've always been. The trial will wrap up at the very end of this year, which means we'll have data internally and likely some kind of top line, just in the very start of next year. I think given that the size of the study, we have a reasonably high furlough rate and we are hoping to see a large effect size. We base that belief on the level of plaque clearingwe can get.We can get deeper and faster plaque clearance than has been shown with any other agent. So if clearing plaque is important stopping disease progression, we should have a strong effect.  It's noteworthy that we also designed this trial to select a very careful patient population based on the entire levels at baseline, so we also expect smaller standard deviation, because the population should have a more uniform progression. I’d also note that we started the second trial N3pG already. 
Dan Skovronsky: Yeah, thanks and with respect to TAURIEL antibody, again here, I just say we’re still on track for the data readout. This will come in the second half of the next year. I'm excited about this mechanism, but we don't have clinical data yet. The Roche readout will be important and we’ll be watching it carefully and of course on behalf of patients and the mechanism we’ll be hoping for their success.  But there are some differences as you pointed out, both in molecule and trial design that make read through more complicated. One I think important aspect of molecule design is that there's lots of different species of tau in the brain. There’s a lot of soluble Tau that is monomeric and probably not involved in the pathogenesis of Alzheimer's disease that can sop up antibody and sort of reduce the effective amount of antibody available to get the bad kinds of tau.  Our antibodies are designed specifically to bind the aggregated tau. So we think that should improve its ability to actually hit the target. Very high doses of these antibodies are generally used to overcome this soluble monomeric tau problem. So that's one difference between that Roche antibody and in fact all of the competitors and ours.  The second difference is there are on trial design and here again, we use our unique expertise in tau imaging and biomarkers to select a patient population that we think (a) will be more uniformity in its disease progression [inaudible] better and (b) be more likely to be responsive to Tau therapeutic. It’s like these therapies will be effective – they are effective at stopping the spread of tau rather than removing pre-formed Tau and so I think it's important to have patients who are in the midst of the spreading tau, not patients that tau has spread throughout the entire brain. So we'll watch them carefully, but they'll be cautious on read through. 
Dan Skovronsky: Yeah Dave, thanks for the question on the timing of the Phase 2. Your right, it’s a 400 patient study that initiated last month. It got up to a bit of a slow start. I think as we at that time, in the country the pandemic shifted in geographies, we shifted our efforts accordingly. It's now enrolling very, very quickly.  The timing of data disclosure depends on that rate of enrollment though. So it could in fact be sooner than Q4. I think I'm confident it will be by of course sometime during Q4 at the latest. As you point out, the day-11 time point is a critical point. So 400 patients enrolled and then 11 days later, need differential swabs and a viral assessment and then database lock and then analysis and reporting, all-in-all it’ll just take probably a couple of weeks from the end of the study. So we'll keep investors updated and the community updated on the progress of the study. That's where we are today. 
