Philip Johnson: Great. Thanks, Derica. And for the callers that are in the queue, as we have done on some of the past calls, it would be greatly appreciated if you could limit your questions to two or to a single two-part question so we can get to as many of the callers in the queue as possible. Christy, if you could now go ahead and give the instructions for the Q&A session and then go to the first caller please.
Philip Johnson: Great, Mike. Thanks for the question. So for the first one on solanezumab and if we're in this scenario where we're not hitting on functional but having cognition, how we might compete with other agents that might come through, if, Jan, you want to start off and give some of your comments, and Dave, feel free to complement. And then Enrique, if you can comment on the AdCom vote that was apparently split between cardiologists and endos and what that might mean for labeling in our view.
Philip Johnson: Great. Seamus, thank you for the questions. Derica, if you'll take the first question that was posed on what's included in the revenue guidance with relation to solanezumab and Jardiance. And then, Sue, if you can comment on Seamus' questions for abemaciclib specific on MONARCH 2.
Philip Johnson: And Gregg, this is Phil. I'll follow up after the call. I'm not aware of anything that we impaired in the quarter that we had acquired. We did have some charges in the quarter that were related to integration and severance costs for the Novartis Animal Health acquisition, but nothing else to my knowledge. So I'll follow up and see what, if there was something else I missed that you were referring to. Christy, if we can go to the next caller, please.
Philip Johnson: Hey, Tim. Thanks for the question. So, Derica, if you will handle the first question related to the revenue guidance; Sue, on what we're seeing in first-line squamous non-small cell lung cancer for IO uptake, and then, Enrique, to you for the Jardiance question.
Philip Johnson: All right, John. Thank you for the questions. So Dave, if you want to comment on the solanezumab prodromal question, and I guess is galcanezumab also potentially faulty as far as what led to the delay. Do you want to comment on that? And then John, you can fill in. And then, Enrique, if you'll comment on the heart failure trial and how that might help to expand the labeled indications for Jardiance.
Philip Johnson: Great, Dave. Thank you for the questions. Sue, if you'd take the MONARCH 1 filing question, and then Derica, the pricing question.
Philip Johnson: One thing real quick, Dave. As you think about this, it is true that a number of years ago when we would have had, for example, an authorized generic, and we would have shipped out a very large amount of product in a given quarter, we would have only recognized the relatively modest sales price for that product that was shipped, not the potential share that we would have gotten in the revenues once the product was sold. That led to significant negative price impact at the time we would ship that product and we'd actually recognize the revenue later. With no units against it, it would lead to a very large price increase. It really had nothing do with price increases. What Derica's mentioned is, for a while now we've been treating our brand and an authorized generic as totally separate products, so you no longer have those aberrations in your net price calculation. And it will be a true underlying price change as Derica just mentioned. Hopefully that helps give you some context for what you might have seen in the past and what you have seen recently and will see going forward.
Philip Johnson: Great, Vamil. Thanks for the questions. I'm going to flip it up on our group here. I'm going to go in reverse order. So Dave, if you'd like to go ahead and handle, and with your team if you want to involve who we've got in the room here, feedback we're hearing on the launch versus Cosentyx and the head to head for Stelara later this year. Enrique, if you'll comment on the year on year growth for the overall (63:59) class and whether it'll be differing than our expectations. And then Sue, for the timing of submission relative to the MONARCH 2 interims.
Philip Johnson: Great. Thank you, Andrew. So Enrique, we'll go to you for the first question on what we're doing with regard to cardiovascular and primary care sales reps to support Jardiance going forward, and then Sue on the use of loperamide.
Philip Johnson: Alex, thank you for the questions. John, if you want to go ahead and take the first question and Derica the second.
Philip Johnson: Yeah, I think it's probably safe to assume that you will see over time some decrease in the payout ratios since we had that spike at pretty high levels. We went through the patent expiration period. But as Derica mentioned, we can't be more specific than we'll have a slightly lower dividend increase, probably the net income increase to bring that down somewhat. Stay tuned for more as we go forward. We can go to the next caller please.
Philip Johnson: Great, Colin. Thank you for the questions. We'll go to Enrique for the Jardiance and Trulicity questions and then to Dave for the solanezumab confirmation.
Philip Johnson: Great. Thank you. I know we have a number of callers still left in the queue. We're going to try and shoehorn in one more and then I apologize to those who won't have had a chance to ask a question. We will definitely call you back when we get back to our desks. So, Christy, if we can go to the last caller before we have John wrap up the call.
Philip Johnson: Great, Marc. Thank you for the questions. So Derica, if you'll handle the gross margin question, and to Sue for the early stage plans for abema.
Jan M. Lundberg: Yeah. And I guess your question targets also then the different mechanists we have across the industry today to influence then the amyloid component of Alzheimer's disease. And as you said, solanezumab then binds monomeric free amyloid-beta, which has the intention then to prevent further buildups of plaque but potentially also then have a peripheral sink effect. And in the EXPEDITION trials, there is now tau, or sorry, amyloid imaging in all patients, which means then we will also be able to follow actually if there is a change in the plaque deposits of amyloid in these patients after long-term solanezumab treatment. The other antibodies then, aducanumab, are directed more towards the plaque in Alzheimer's patients. And the difference here could be both related potentially then to the clinical effect but also in particular safety, since aducanumab has shown changes then in MRI, suggesting brain edema as one of the components. And I think the early data on cognition, et cetera, for aducanumab clearly was a relatively small trial and needs be confirmed in the longer and larger trial. The BACE inhibitors prevent formation of amyloid then from the precursor protein APP, having better brain penetration but also potentially then a different safety profile which needs be established in larger and longer trials. So I think it's hard to speculate actually what's going to happen using these three agents. But I think what is clear is that it is very important to include only amyloid-positive patients. It's also very important to start very early in the disease. It's also a key, in my view, to have global studies which involve some highly trained sites that can do these trials. Another aspect of the sola trial is also that we have Tau imaging in a proportion of patients. And as you know, tau is more related to the decline than on particularly the ADAS-Cog, and here we have another way potentially of showing then if there is disease modification. I think I'll leave to Dave to talk about the cognition and functional endpoints and the potential outcomes there.
Jan M. Lundberg: Yeah, well the whole area of immunology and the importance for Alzheimer's disease is one of our recent interests in research. And I mean just to remind you, we already have a molecule in the clinic that actually most likely reduces plaques at least, and in animal models via microglia activation, the N3pG molecule, where actually we will report some data tomorrow in Toronto from the initial early studies in the clinic. We're also have an interest in other mediators then of immune activation, and I think you will see us test new then immune activating agents in various animal models initially.
Jan M. Lundberg: Yeah, a small addition here is that the Amgen antibodies are against the CGRP receptor, whilst the other antibodies bind the free CGRP peptide. And also the older antibodies, intravenous, the Teva and Lilly and Amgen are subcutaneous injection.
David A. Ricks: Thanks, Jan. Yeah, I think it's early days in terms of understanding mechanisms in Alzheimer's. For sola, as we described in the past, we've moved our primary endpoint to be cognition and then key secondary endpoints, which will have control for Type I error, will be primarily the functional endpoints. I won't rehash why we did that, but I would just reinforce that our base planning scenario is that we achieve both significance on cognition and function, reminding everyone that the pooled mild data, which we're trying to replicate and we've made improvements in the study in seeking to replicate, has statistical significance on both function and cognition in that pooled mild subset. So should we miss on that, look, I think we'll have to talk about that when we get there. Clinicians in my experience are interested in outcomes and they're interested in safety. And so Jan has covered the safety topic. We know solanezumab is extremely well tolerated by patients. In fact, I can share that now that we have a majority of patients in EXPEDITION 3 rolling off into the open label study, we're seeing a very similar effect from EXPEDITION 1 and 2 in that 95% of patients are electing to continue on therapy or in a blinded way switch to therapy from their placebo. I think that's a very high number for what is a fragile and elderly population, reinforcing the tolerability of the medication. We'll have to wait until December to see the results and fully answer your question.
David A. Ricks: Okay. Yeah. So for the sola prodromal study, we're anticipating enrolling patients very soon. As we said in our December 8 investor conference on Alzheimer's, we fully expect to get that study up and running this year and sort of rolling into the EXPEDITION 3 rollout, have that underway. In terms of primary outcome, we've disclosed that, which is going to be cognition is the primary endpoint, with key secondary endpoints of function. Just like EXPEDITION 3. I think the general logic here is that the earlier you go in disease, the less meaningful functional changes are and frankly, the more difficult they are to detect. So moving from a mild-only study like EXPEDITION 3 to the prodromal, that's entirely logical. By the way, we've also made those changes in the BACE inhibitor programs in partnership with AZ. Your second question, just to be clear, John, we've not announced a delay in the galcanezumab migraine program but rather the cluster headache program. This was a kind of quasi-orphan speed play we announced in parallel with the migraine start. One of those studies, although enrolling well, requires episodic cluster episodes to begin before we place patients on medication. We had to predict the rate at which patients would have episodic cluster headaches. I think we estimated too high, so we're waiting for people to have those episodes before we can begin treatment, and that's slowing down that particular study, although the chronic cluster study is on track time-wise. So we'll have to make some decisions as we get closer to the end of the chronic cluster study about submission and labeling, et cetera. But the migraine study's on track time-wise, just to be clear.
David A. Ricks: Sure, yeah. Thanks, Tony. Well, we're excited about the galcanezumab program, which is the new name for a CGRP antibody. Putting aside the cluster, which again is a possibility to get to market earlier, although we have as was mentioned earlier, a slowdown in the episodic cluster study. As it relates to migraine, we remain excited about the profile. It is very competitive, as you mentioned. There's at least three players kind of neck and neck from our read. Execution and enrollment and getting the studies complete is important. You'll see on clintrials.gov, we've actually closed the submission gating study, the critical path study which was the long-term safety study already. So that puts us on a good path to remain on track. Ultimately, I think the product profile will need to achieve the maximum effect possible via this mechanism, with the minimally intrusive administration for patients. This will be a product used by healthy people in primary care offices, in everyday neurologists. Simple injection and dosing protocols coupled with very strong effect will win. That sounds kind of boilerplate. But I think we're testing a couple different dosing setups. Others are testing different ones. We'll just have to see who can produce the best numbers with the minimum doses. And I think that's what we'll be looking for as we read out the data sometime late next year.
David A. Ricks: Yeah, so on sola, we continue to expect top line as we announced I think in the Q1 call, we've completed enrollment on time and we're just waiting for the last patient visit. There are some variability around that but it's measured in weeks. So we expect to have a top line by end of year.
Enrique A. Conterno: Sure. So on the Jardiance AdCom, we had a positive 12 to 11 vote that we had substantial evidence to reduce the incidents of cardiovascular death in patients with type 2 diabetes and established cardiovascular disease. If I recall the vote, the five practicing cardiologists voted in favor. And they were, excluding pediatric endocrinology, there were five endocrinologists in the panel and they voted three against and two in favor. I think it's difficult to try to assign a particular view of whether it's cardiologists or endocrinologist based on the vote of 10 people. What I would say is we were very pleased with the overall discussion. We thought it was robust and we believe that the right discussion happened. And for that reason we feel optimistic that we have a really good chance of getting an indication come late Q3, early Q4.
Enrique A. Conterno: Sure. There is no question that a new label with an indication for a reduction on the CV, or the incidence of cardiovascular death will be very significant from a payer perspective. Now in this particular case, we already have excellent coverage and access. We are at 85% plus when it comes to commercial and above 70% in Part D. So our access is very good, and it can only get stronger once we get the label.
Enrique A. Conterno: John, we are not in a position right now to disclose the specific design for our heart failure trials. Just to remind everyone, we will be conducting two trials, one for reduced ejection fraction and one for preserved ejection fraction. We expect the first of those trials to start still this year and also to note that we are studying that in people with and people without diabetes. So clearly, we will be seeking an indication when it comes to heart failure with those trials.
Enrique A. Conterno: Very good. So we've had over the last year or so a number of strength in warnings or new warnings when it comes to products in the issued P2 class starting with the DKA which was a warning that was added across the class. And then we've more recently have had two strengthened warnings that have not covered Jardiance. These covered other products, not Jardiance. One, when it comes to bone fractures specific to canagliflozin and then a strengthened warning on acute kidney injury that covers both dapa and canagliflozin. All of these warnings or strengthened warnings come. We saw that counterbalance where today we cannot, we're unable to promote our CV data until we basically get our label updated. So we continue to feel the benefit risk profile of the class is very strong, but that of Jardiance in particular given that our data basically speaks for itself when it comes to some of these safety assessments. And then also the benefit when it comes to CV. When we look at the class in general, the class is growing year-to-date over 30% and one can say that seems like a very good growth. But when we look a little more closely at the new patient starts and the growth of that, we basically see that completely flattening. And for that reason, we are a bit concerned and we are hopeful and optimistic that once we get both the new indication and new treatment guideline, that we will see a significant inflection. Jardiance needs to be the catalyst for the overgrowth of the class.
Enrique A. Conterno: Clearly we view this as a very significant opportunity, so we're going to be fully resourced. And that basically means making all of the proper investments when it comes to ensuring that we have the right reach for both primary care, cardiologists, endocrinologists. So yes, we have a very robust plan together with our partner Boehringer Ingelheim.
Enrique A. Conterno: Sure, so on the CV indication, first, we do feel optimistic. Now you asked me I would be satisfied. I will be honest. No. I would not be satisfied. We will make it work, but my view is that we basically have the appropriate data to be able to obtain a new indication when it comes to the reduction in the incidence of CV deaths on that specific population. I don't recall the second part of the question.
Enrique A. Conterno: They are also very important. But clearly the way we view it is, in particular in the US, we view the FDA action date coming before basically new treatment guidelines. We could have new treatment guidelines in the US sometime early next year.
Enrique A. Conterno: Yeah. So on Jardiance, you are right. If you look at the scripts and sequential script growth, it will have implied higher revenues. There are two things that are weighing down on Jardiance. One of them, we've had some gross to net adjustments during the periods that were from prior periods, and second we also saw much higher utilization on our copay cards. We recently have changed the design of our copay card so it's less generous than it used to be. But that takes a little bit of time to basically wash out. So we should expect an improving picture when it comes to that. In terms of Trulicity, we do have an interim later this year. Clearly we've all seen the LEADER data. Probably the best way to think about the interim for Trulicity, but if we were to expect a similar, were to observe a similar hazard ratio versus what LEADER showed, we would not stop the trial. So given that we're going to have a significantly less number of events than basically Novo had at the conclusion of their own trial, now we are confident on the profile of the product and now we just really need to wait for the interim. But we'll either stop or we will – if we stop we will know; if we continue to with the trial clearly we will have to wait.
Derica W. Rice: Good morning, Seamus. In regards to the minimum financial or revenue guidance that we put out there, let me state this again. We expect that we can achieve at least 5% revenue growth on average between now and the end of the decade. And of course, as we looked at that, we considered a number of different scenarios including the downside of if we were unsuccessful with solanezumab. And clearly if we are successful and we also see scenarios where we could be higher than the 5%. So we feel very good about our ability to at least achieve the 5% through the end of the decade. What it does not include, as we noted in our upfront remarks, is that any significant pricing action in the US in terms of legislative impact such as rebates and Medicare Part D. It also includes that we will maintain our IP for Alimta in the US.
Derica W. Rice: Tim, good morning. The short answer to your question is, yes. Even in a scenario where sola is a zero, we still believe we can keep a minimum of 5% average revenue growth between now and the end of the decade. Now recall, we've always been saying that when we looked at our future growth prospects for Lilly, we were never reliant on a single asset. The real thesis behind Lilly is that we've been building this broad portfolio. And the fact that we had the opportunity to launch multiple new molecules, we believe 20 in 10 years, is what gives us confidence that we've got the substrate to support that revenue guidance that we put out there.
Derica W. Rice: Sure. Hi, Chris. When we talk about increased pricing pressure, if you look at the trends that we're seeing, one, we're seeing a decline or a decay in the net price benefit that we're receiving on kind of annual basis. And when we look to the environment going forward, we are also seeing an environment where we're seeing increased rebating or discounting going on. We've experienced that in our diabetes business, and we know that we're looking to going into some highly competitive spaces in terms of some of our new product launches. So our focus has been on driving volume-driven revenue growth, and that really gets to the clinical differentiated profile of our new products that we are in the midst of launching and that's where we've centered our attention. So that's really the thesis behind our comment as it relates to increased pricing pressures.
Derica W. Rice: Hi, Dave. In regards to just more color on the pricing pressure and our thinking going forward, just recall if we look at our LOE products or our brands that are going off patent, we have a distinction between our original brand versus the branded generics that we have historically potentially launched into the market such as we did with Zyprexa. When you looked at our PRV slide that's captured in our call materials, that is the true realized pricing effect that we're seeing rolling across our business. So you should expect on a go-forward basis that it will still be on that same apples to apples. When you then think about the future patent expirations of Cialis and Strattera and brands like that, you will see it also parceled in the same manner. So when we again look at our business, and I think that's pretty much reflected in the results you saw here in the second quarter, even in the midst of launching, we're focused on driving a volume-driven growth profile. And the fact that we could achieve 8% volume growth this quarter and really relatively no price benefit really speaks to our commentary around increased pricing pressures going forward.
Derica W. Rice: Hi, Steve. Really, our discussion on our longer-term guidance today is really just kind of the natural next step in progression or discussions that we've been having with the investment community. Recall that back in December, we began to do a more in-depth look at our R&D prospects. We started with a deep dive on our Alzheimer's platforms as well as our animal health business. We were able to then follow that up in May with a deep dive discussion on the other four therapeutic, human pharma four therapeutic areas. And based upon the substrate we talked about, and we shared there about the potential of 20 launches in 10 years as well as combined with our market guidance, is really what's supporting our extended discussion here today about those other items that could be affected, positively in this case, by the data points we've shared in our previous discussion. So for us it's really just a continuation of the dialogue that we've been having. And again, as we see more in our business prospects, we will share more with you going forward as well.
Derica W. Rice: Alex, in regard to the magnitude of dividend increases, we're not prepared to provide any commentary on that here today. We've increased our dividend over the last two years. One could think, well, why the commentary if we're already kind of on that glide path. Well, while we've done that, we've never committed to going forward each year that we would increase our dividend. So we wanted to be more clear about that today and to set that expectation.
Derica W. Rice: Hi, Marc. In regards to gross margins, clearly when we endured the impact of the loss of many of our biggest products, but at the same time they were also small molecule. So at the gross margin line they were very highly profitable. These are products like Cymbalta, Zyprexa and Evista. Then as those products expired, those revenues were replaced with insulins becoming our biggest brands in franchise in Lilly at the moment, which obviously is coming with a lower gross margin or lower profitability. And that's where you've seen the decline in our gross margin rate over the this YZ period. Going forward, it's really going be dependent on the nature of the molecules and which ones are launching at what time. So if you look at products like Jardiance, we booked our portion of the income so it actually has a boost to our gross margin as a percent relative to our base. Likewise, when you look at the opposite, you've got baricitinib which we own, but we have a pretty high royalty rate that we also pay in the high 20s. So the mix effect is really what's going to drive or have a significant impact on what that gross margin profile looks like over time. However in aggregate, when we look at all the pushes and pulls, we still feel very confident that in total our gross margin will improve between now and the end of the decade.
Susan Mahony: Yeah. Okay. So with regards to abemaciclib, we should be getting the interim data on MONARCH 2 soon. And as we have said previously, our intent is to submit MONARCH 1 as early at the end of this quarter once we've seen the MONARCH 2 data. We do plan to issue a press release once the interim has happened. As a reminder on that, we have a high bar. The data we're looking at will be PFS, and the data monitoring committee, the independent data monitoring committee will look at that data and then advise us accordingly. And we have not given data with regards to the cutoff, and so we will not do that. And then with regards to the differences, there are some differences in populations with regards to having prior chemotherapy and also first line and second line patients. So I think it's fair to say that we'll have to wait and see what the control arm looks like in the MONARCH 2 data.
Susan Mahony: Yeah, Tim, you did hear correctly. There is no data yet in first-line squamous non-small cell lung cancer. And yet, we are seeing quite significant use with over 20% share of market in the first-line setting of PD-1 inhibitors, mainly Opdivo. That's impacting most products in that marketplace, including the uptake on Portrazza.
Susan Mahony: Yeah, Dave, with regards to the MONARCH 1 data, as a reminder, this is a single arm study looking at single agent abemaciclib. Given the close proximity of the MONARCH 2 interim, we announced after ASCO and on our last call that our plan would be that we would submit the MONARCH 2 data, sorry, submit the 1 data once we'd seen the interim of MONARCH 2. And we're anticipating seeing that soon, and therefore we'd be submitting MONARCH 1 as early as this quarter.
Susan Mahony: Yeah. With regards to the MONARCH 1 submission, there really isn't that much more to say. We've made the decision that given the proximity of the MONARCH 2 interim, we'll wait for the MONARCH 2 interim. We believe that this is the fastest way of getting this medicine to patients. And also given the breakthrough therapy designation that we've got on MONARCH 1, obviously we will continue to have discussions with the FDA.
Susan Mahony: Yeah, with regards to the diarrhea, no. We didn't have a prophylaxis loperamide in our studies. We have one study, our neoMONARCH, which is our neoadjuvant study that we have looked at that. We should have a report out of that this year. But in our MONARCH 1, 2 and 3 studies, we did not require prophylaxis, and as a reminder in our MONARCH 1, the diarrhea was manageable with over-the-counter loperamide as needed and only one patient discontinued due to diarrhea.
Susan Mahony: Yeah, Jami, with regard to MONARCH 2, clearly it would depend on the data and if the interim data is positive, we would plan to discuss that with regulatory authorities and plan to submit it as soon as we could.
Susan Mahony: Yeah, with regards to the early phase breast cancer plans, as a reminder, we do have the neoMONARCH study ongoing which we plan to read out yet this year. And other plans will be informed by the data coming out.
John C. Lechleiter: Okay, Gregg, I think the likelihood of Part D, you said Part D rebates. But I guess the extreme would be the repeal of the noninterference clause. And then there's a lot of scenarios in between, for example, moving the LSI patients or the duals to more of a Medicaid type system. I think the likelihood is low, quite honestly. I think that Part D is a rare example of a government program that comes in exceeding expectations at a cost of hundreds of billions of dollars less than had been forecast at the beginning. The Congressional Budget Office has several times stated that if price controls are placed into Part D, the only way the government would save money in that event is to restrict access to drugs on the formulary. Today most seniors have access through the private plans to the whole formulary, and that's why senior satisfaction rates are so high. That doesn't sound like something a politician would want to mess with.
John C. Lechleiter: Yeah. I think, Alex, the long-term guidance contemplates obviously a number of scenarios. We have products like baricitinib that are under regulatory review, abemaciclib, which is headed that way, products that's still in the pipeline, the sola readout later this year. So there's still some, I guess, some big unknowns up ahead, coupled with the sure patent losses that we're going to experience with products like Cialis and Strattera, for example. So while there's still a lot of moving parts, I think similar to sort of the guidance we provided back in late 2009, we were entering this patent expiration period. We wanted to provide some floor, some minimum set of expectations for investors, recognizing that there are scenarios that could take that above that floor. Now, we did call out the fact that this does not contemplate major changes in government reimbursement policy. It does contemplate Alimta continuing to be patent protected in the US through the early 2020s. So with those caveats, I think that we feel very comfortable providing that as a framework for investors thinking about Lilly in the next five years with all these potential scenarios, a number of which could provide upside above this number and then coupled with the guidance we've given about not only our operating, our OpEx to sales, but this morning reaffirming our belief that we could also improve our gross margin as a percentage of sales over this period as well.
John C. Lechleiter: Okay. Thanks, Phil. We appreciate everyone's participation in today's earnings call and your interest in our company. We continue to be pleased with the success we've had implementing our innovation-based strategy, and we're excited by the potential we have to make life better for people around the world and to provide substantial returns to our shareholders. Hopefully, the additional clarity we provided on our midterm financial expectations is helpful as you consider our future prospects. As always, we look forward to keeping you appraised of our progress. Also, this is the last earnings call for Ilissa Rassner, and I'd like to thank her personally for her considerable contribution to our IR efforts over the past four and a half years, and to wish Ilissa luck in her new role here at Lilly. Finally, if you have questions we weren't able to address during today's call, please contact our IR team. They'll be happy to help. Have a great day. Thanks everybody.
