Kevin Hern: Thank you. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us for Eli Lilly and Company's Q2 2022 earnings call. Apologies for the hour delay. We had some technical issues on AT&T side. So thanks for your patience. I'm Kevin Hern, Vice President of Investor Relations. Joining me on today's call are Dave Ricks, Lilly's Chair and CEO; and nadashKanazi, Chief Financial Officer; Dr. Dan Scabronsky, Chief Scientific and Medical Officer; Anne White, President of Lilly Neuroscience; Bilia Yuffa, President of Lilly International; Jake Van Norden, CEO of Loxo at Lilly; Mike Mason, President of Lilly Diabetes; and Patrick Jansen, President of Lilly Immunology and Lilly U.S.A. We're also joined by Mike Spring ether, Kenzie and Warren Zirki of the Investor Relations team as well as Joe Fletcher, who will be taking over leadership of the IR team this month. During this conference call, we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Our actual results could differ materially due to several factors, including those listed on Slide 3. We -- additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in our latest Form 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Q and 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The information we provide about our products and pipeline is for the benefit of the investment community. It is not intended to be promotional and is not sufficient for prescribing decisions. As we transition to our prepared remarks, please note that our commentary will focus on non-GAAP financial measures. Now, I'll turn the call over to Dave.
Kevin Hern: Thanks, Dave. Thanks for the kind words. I will definitely miss it. We'd like to take questions from as many callers as possible, so please emit your questions to 2 per caller. Louis [ph], if you can provide the instructions for the Q&A session and then we're ready for the first caller. 
Kevin Hern: Thanks, Louise. We’ll go to Dan for the question on the SELECT trial and then Anne for the question on Alzheimer’s. 
Kevin Hern: Thanks, Terence. We'll go to mic for both questions on Manzaro, with access and price and then just global supply outlook. 
Kevin Hern: Thanks, Tim. We’ll go to Dan for the first question on Surmount MMO and then Mike for the second question on the head-to-head trial with Novo for Costa. 
Kevin Hern: Thanks andrew. We'll go to Mike for the first question on Mondoro labeling and the social climate and then we'll go to Jake for the question on prtibrutinib. 
Kevin Hern: Thanks, David. We'll go to Mike for the questions around share gain and then Ilya for the questions around OUS launch. 
Kevin Hern: Yes. David, thanks for your question on the launch of Manzaro outside of the U.S. and our thoughts around that. One of the key aspects of how we take a look at launching outside the U.S. It's typical for most product launches across pretty much all therapeutic areas to have some lag to U.S. launches, either through -- because of regulatory approval and process but also pricing and reimbursement -- and it can take up to a year to get reimbursement in a number of markets. So the volumes in that first year of launch are somewhat limited. We are encouraged by what we're seeing in the U.S. launch of Manzaro and looking forward to launching Anjar outside of the U.S. and leveraging our commercial expertise and strength in diabetes across our markets outside the U.S. 
Kevin Hern: Thanks, Chris. We’ll go to Mike for the question of Maguro and then Jake for the question on Verzenio. 
Kevin Hern: Thanks, Mike. Jay. Yes, thanks for the question on Verzenio. We too are pleased with how this has gone so far this year. I think to your question on why and where it goes from here. On the why, I think it largely comes down to the clinical data from the MONARCHY study itself. I think the data are demonstrable and when physicians and patients see them, they quickly want to integrate the drug into their practice. Now in addition to that and this is something we hoped would see happen, we think we're seeing some share gains in the metastatic setting as well, particularly among physicians who historically used other CDK4/6 inhibitors are gaining experience with Verzenio by utilizing it in the adjuvant setting and then starting to use it in the metastatic setting where perhaps they hadn't been before. So that was part of what we hoped might happen. I think we're seeing that happen a little bit so far this year. That having been said, in terms of where we go from here, I'll just say 2 things. One, we continue to interact with physicians who are still not yet aware of the MONARCHY data. And so that's, of course, good and bad. It's bad because there are patients who are appropriate for the medicine that should be on it. It's -- but it is opportunity to continue growing in the labeled indication that we have currently -- and on that note, as we've talked about in the past, we're hopeful that we have the opportunity to expand the indication to the enrolled trial population for MONARCH and we're awaiting that analysis of overall survival, as we talked about in the past. So yes, we're pleased with how it's going. We see plenty of opportunity ahead to continue the momentum. 
Kevin Hern: Great. Thanks, Gary. We'll go to Mike for the question on anchored and market price trends and then not for the question on tax reform... 
Kevin Hern: Thanks, Mo. So Dan, the question on SURPASS early, the prediabetes study and then whether oral GLP would be better there. 
Kevin Hern: Thank you. I'll invite not to weigh in on the BD question and then Anne for the donanemab question. 
Kevin Hern: Thanks for the question on donanemab. So it's our belief that the data package for donanemab which includes, obviously, both Trailblazzer all and all I should be sufficient to meet with CMS as described as that high level of evidence in CD. So the Trailblazer all study obviously was the first disease-modifying Alzheimer's trial to successfully meet its primary endpoint. And if Charles all 2 also delivers that direct evidence of clinical benefit as we expect it would, then we'll engage with CMS to discuss that path quickly and broadly expand access to the treatment. And we have been engaging with CMS throughout the process and we'll continue to do so moving forward. And they've shown openness to continue to meet. Obviously, they noted in the NCD, the promise of donanemab and they've shown a great deal of interest in understanding the Trailblazer 2 Phase III program. And so I think we'll have more clarity on the timing of reconsideration. We're able to share that data with them in mid- they've stated publicly they're committed to rapid reconsideration that I think we'll have to update you on timing once they have that data in hand, mine next year and we discuss next steps with them. Colin, thanks for your questions. We've exhausted the queue. Dave, for the close. 
Dave Ricks: Thanks a lot, Kevin. In Q2, we achieved a number of impactful pipeline milestones, including approval and launch of Mounjaro in the U.S., the FDA submission and acceptance of dononumab as well as pertibrutinib and positive top line results for lebrikizumab and EU and Japan submissions for mirikizumab. This pipeline progress underscores the breadth and depth of our exciting long-term outlook. Perhaps the headline story for Lilly in the second quarter was the launch of Mounjaro in the U.S., where initial uptake has been strong. We're hearing a great deal of enthusiasm from the field and we're excited about the potential for this new medicine to provide A1c and weight loss benefits to adults living with type 2 diabetes. We remain focused on gaining broad open access for Manzaro and expect the full impact of this medicine for patients and our business to be realized over time as that access is achieved. Turning to Q2 financial results and progress on our strategic deliverables, we saw a relatively flat top line performance in constant currency. As strong volume-driven growth for key products like Verzenio, Jardiance and Trulicity was offset by lower prices as well as for Alimta patent expiry in key markets around the world and last year's sale of Cialis rights in China. Volume for this quarter grew a robust 10%. When excluding revenue from Alimta, the sale of Cialis rights in China and COVID-19 antibodies, revenue grew 6% compared to Q2 2021. In Q2, our newer medicines contributed 18% to volume growth and now account for 67% of our core business revenue which we believe, together with our robust pipeline is the most important indicator of the strength and durability of our growth outlook. Our non-GAAP gross margin was 79.8% in Q2, an increase of approximately 50 basis points compared to the prior year. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 20.5% which includes a negative impact of approximately 680 basis points attributed to acquire in-process R&D and development milestone charges. At our investment community meeting in December, we outlined 5 potential new medicines that could launch over the next 2 years which could serve as catalysts to driving top-tier growth through the decade. There have been important pipeline development since our Q1 earnings call for all 5, including the U.S. approval and launch of Manzaro in type 2 diabetes and a positive CHMP opinion in the European Union. FDA acceptance and priority review designation for donanemab in early symptomatic Alzheimer's disease. FDA acceptance and priority review designation for purtaprutinib in mantle cell lymphoma for patients previously treated with a BTK inhibitor. -- submissions for mirikizumab in ulcerative colitis in the EU and in Japan, positive top line 52-week data for lebrikizumab in moderate to severe atopic dermatitis. And we also announced U.S., EU and Japan regulatory approval for Olumiant in alopecia areata. Last month, we announced plans for a $2.1 billion investment in 2 new manufacturing sites here in Indiana to support increasing demand for existing products as well as demand for potential new medicines in our pipeline. This announcement followed Lilly's recent investments in new facilities in Massachusetts, North Carolina and Ireland and will further expand Lilly's manufacturing network for active ingredients and new therapeutic modalities such as genetic medicines. These investments underscore our confidence in the growth of our portfolio in the company. Finally, we distributed nearly $900 million in dividends to our shareholders in Q2. On Slide 5, you'll see a list of key events since our Q1 earnings call, including several important regulatory clinical and COVID-19 antibody updates. As previously announced in Q2, we entered into an agreement with the U.S. government to supply 150,000 doses of beptalizumab for approximately $275 million in an ongoing effort to provide COVID-19 treatment options for patients. Doses of beptalizumab valued at approximately $130 million were shipped in Q2 and the remainder of that order will ship in Q3. Today, we are announcing that in collaboration with the U.S. government, we intend to begin making beptilizumab available for purchase by states, hospitals and certain other providers through a sole distributor agreement. This will happen later this month which is prior to the anticipated depletion of the U.S. government's currently available supply. As we move from large ad hoc federal government purchases, the sales and distribution of COVID-19 antibodies to a broader set of purchasers, we will now integrate estimated sales into our forward guidance. As we have said previously, we don't see COVID-19 antibodies as a major long-term driver of growth for the company. Nevertheless, we will continue to do our part where we can to help fight the COVID-19 pandemic with the last monoclonal antibody treatment standing that neutralizes against the Omacron variant.
Dave Ricks: Thanks, Dan. Before we go to Q&A, let me briefly sum up the progress we've made in the second quarter. We're encouraged by the performance of our key growth products which now represent 67% of our core business. We expect to see this grow over time as we work to launch more innovative medicines like Manzaro. Excluding the impact of acquired IP R&D and development milestone charges, we expect to see operating margin expansion from both revenue growth and driving further efficiencies in our business. We saw significant progress in our pipeline this quarter with the approvals of Manzaro in type 2 diabetes and Illumina in alopecia areata. We also saw progress on our next wave of potential growth catalysts with the FDA acceptance of danonumab as well as pertibrutinib and positive top line readout for lebrikizumab and additional submissions for mirikizumab. Finally, we returned $900 million to shareholders via the dividend and share repurchases. Looking to the future, we are confident in our long-term growth prospects as we are focused on developing groundbreaking therapies in areas of significant unmet need as well as driving exceptional execution for our recently launched medicines, so they reach patients who need them. Before we close, I'd like to comment as well. This is Kevin Hern last call as Head of our IR team. And before I turn the call over to him to moderate the Q&A session, I'd just like to thank him on behalf of our shareholders, our board and of course, our executive team and employees. He's done an outstanding job for the last 4.5 years, strengthening our relationships with -- the Street as well as being an ambassador to both convey the company's messages to shareholders but also inform management about shareholder perspectives. We wish him the best in his new assignment transitioning to a leadership role in our U.S. commercial group. Now I’ll turn the call over to Kevin for his last Q&A session. 
Dave Ricks: Yes Chris, thanks for the question. I think everybody probably on the call has a good grasp of what's in this package, Difficult to speculate on probabilities but certainly a lot higher than a month ago that something crosses the line. There may be some adjustments to this as they go through that parliamentary process and whatever changes might occur or still to come in the center in the house. But if what we're looking at passes, maybe that's your question, as you know, we've been for the Part D forms, I think they're good incremental changes, particularly capping annual out-of-pocket and getting rid of the donut hole concept. Unfortunately, they don't improve the concept of facing patient cost sharing on net pricing which we were hoping it would. But by itself, we would support that. The CPI adjustment is not really an issue as probably everyone on this call knows, there's already lots of CPI capping that goes on in the commercial marketplace. And with CPI being where it is now as well. I think list prices in the drug business are not nearly as fast as the rest of the economy. But the negotiation piece is a problem. And I think in the short term, speaking for our company but probably the industry, it doesn't do much. They don't really start until '26 anyway. But in the midterm, there will be, of course, some products that will have attenuated life cycles. And I think that will cause some headwinds for the industry and we'll see if any Lilly products get caught up in that. But probably, to me, the most damaging thing about it is it sends a signal to investors and capital allocators like us that small molecules and particularly small molecules in diseases that require stepwise development like cancer, where we start in stage at later stages and work our way to adjuvant or even in some orphan conditions really aren't wanted and are worth a lot less. So, we'll focus our resources on other areas of innovation. We've got plenty of those. And so will the rest of the sector. And I think that's really a miss for the patients that probably want better oral cancer drugs in the future and orphan disease drugs. So I think that's probably not being talked about enough and I just wanted to emphasize that. 
Dave Ricks: Yes. Thanks, James. I mean, I guess, put a finer point on it. Each project will have to be evaluated one by one. But I think you will probably see 10 years down the line, fewer small molecule oral products developed in the industry than would have been otherwise the case if this bill passes. -- again, that to me is the miss. And I think it -- there's still probably quite a bit of advantage in oral small molecules in sort of large primary care indications, especially if in the case of like GLP, we could accept that weight loss will provide broader benefits for the earlier question about when sort of the belief system tips over and people just accept that chronic weight management could for health like reduced blood pressure is good for cardiovascular risk. And I think those products will be evaluated one by one and big opportunities, I think, will advance and do well. They'll have attenuated life cycle in the government business and that will have to be factored in but we'll look at that. What I was referring to is more, I think, in narrower revenue opportunities, it just gets a lot harder. And when -- by kind of construct, your new indications can't be compressed forward because of the way we develop drugs in some of these diseases, that's a problem. And I don't think that was well thought through and there will be a long-term implication to that. One other thing I probably should say is this bill raises $300 billion for the federal government off the back of the industry, probably cost the industry at least $0.5 trillion and only about $50 billion of that, like 10% is going back to patient benefit support. And I think that's another tenant when we were leading pharma literally was to make sure whatever came out of the industry went back to patients. That's not happening here and that needs to be discussed as well. 
Dave Ricks: Yes. Thanks, Seamus, for the question on our glucagon containing molecules. We previously said that we have 2 in clinical development, mazdutide which is our oxyntomodulin that's glucagon plus GLP-1 and retitrutide which is our ABG which is glucagon GLP-1 and GIP 1. You're right that the ACG molecule is a head and development that's in Phase II and the oxyntomodulin is still in Phase I. I think they're both viable as next-generation weight loss products. But to be clear here, it's a very high borrower looking for a major step change above the really remarkable results we saw in Surmont One. I think they both have that potential but we're going to need to see more data to know which it either goes forward to Phase II. -- just like when we're doing Phase II interzepatide which was just a few years ago, we noted that it had to have a step change to go forward to Phase III. If you hear us talk about when or growth of these molecules going to Phase III, it means we saw that kind of a big step change.
Dave Ricks: Yes. Thanks for that question, Tim. You're raising an interesting point. I think implicit in your question is the observation that there's a lot of health benefits that come from losing weight Obesity is a risk factor for a number of things, not just the things that are traditionally measured in cardiovascular outcome studies or MACE studies. So probably also noting, we've called this morbidity mortality outcomes, MMO in obesity rather than CVOT. But beyond that, I think we've intentionally not gotten into details on the primary endpoint or the powering assumption. So that is yet to be disclosed. 
Dave Ricks: Maybe just -- David, just to clarify that, because the way you framed your question, you said we're up against supply constraints. In the case of Major, as we said today in the prepared text, we don't anticipate supply constraints in the U.S. Of course, before introducing a product in a new market, we want to make sure we could fully initiate new patients and supply. And based on our competitors' actions, it's hard to predict a year from now what we'll need in a given market. So it's not that we don't have supply. It's more -- the demand picture is unstable. We want to -- we're just cautioning that we want to know that before we initiated a launch sequence. But we've launched in the U.S. and we're committed to that supply. It's not that we have an issue, just to be clear. 
Dave Ricks: Yes. Carter, I think you're pointing out something as I mentioned, we would be supportive as a freestanding measure of the Part D reforms that are in this reconciliation package for a bunch of reasons. One, it does, I think, more fairly distribute the burden of the industry pay for into Part D. Today, the way the donut hole math works, if you go back a couple of years, we had a lot of earnings calls, we had to describe that. There's this really disproportionate contribution from the industry inside the donut hole. So commonly used medications like in diabetes and cardiovascular, have a pretty big hit on that. That gets smoothed out. So now that drugs that hit the catastrophic pay more and it's more of a balanced contribution independent of drug type, that's a good thing for companies like Lilly, that have more commonly used drugs. The other thing though you're pointing out and I think this really would affect a product like Verzenio for us primarily is patients who get thrown into the catastrophic have this uncapped 5% contribution today. And we know that not only do patients discontinue and you mentioned about compliance rates which are better in oral oncology in Europe than the U.S., for instance. But I think also you'll see more initiation because physicians and their families screen themselves out of even qualifying for an appropriate medication for themselves because of financial burden and maybe go to chemotherapy instead of a more targeted therapy. So that presents another way in which we can both improve healthcare in America but also prospects for medicines at Lilly max. So those are good things. As I said, on balance, we still don't like it for the negotiation side but those are positive elements. 
Dave Ricks: Maybe one question on the SELECT-EARLY study, the diabetic study. So maybe one for you, Dan. What you really need to show how long the trial and what you need to show in terms of delta versus control to be -- to prove that it is beneficial in prediabetic patients. And wouldn't oral JLP a better drug for those patients 
Dave Ricks: Yes. That's an early diabetes study. But I think you're -- I don't believe we've disclosed the design of the endpoints yet. But I think with respect to diabetes prevention, that's certainly a very interesting area. And there are currently FDA guidance on what's required to show diabetes prevention of diabetes to get that kind of claim. It's a very high bar. And I suspect the field will come to an understanding about which drugs can actually decrease the risk of getting diabetes you can prevent diabetes before any drug is able to get that indication. I think this class of medications, particularly tirzepatide has great promise in that area. We highlighted the data from Sumant that showed the vast majority, more than 95% of people were prediabetic at the beginning of the study had normal glucose levels at the end of the study. That's really promising. -- longer-term data, including drug washout data required to get to that kind of claim.
Dave Ricks: Yes. Thanks for the 2 Alzheimer's questions. So first one is on the accelerated approval application for genenimab and whether that's an opportunity to gain more insight about acceptability of iADRS which is our primary endpoint in the Phase III study. It may not be an opportunity actually because the accelerated approval is not contingent on an understanding of the cognitive or functional benefits of denetumab which we saw in the Phase II trial. Instead, the accelerated approval is just simply contingent on a demonstration of lowering amyloid levels. So I'm not sure we'll get into a deep discussion of that, although clearly, it's relevant in terms of the confirmatory study, Trailblazer 2. The second question that you raised was with respect to remternatug, the NTBG4molecule. This is a next-generation antiplaqueor plaque-removing antibody designed to attack the same power glutamate residue that donanemab goes after. We’ve seen robust ability of this molecule to clear plaques in patients. Remember that a liability or potential liability of genitimab is antidrug antibodies. And so we’ve also noted that this molecule doesn’t have that issue. So given the potent robust clearance of plaques combined with lack of ADAs, we think this is amenable to alternative dosage forms that could be more convenient to patients. So we’ll be looking at that. 
Dave Ricks: Okay, great. Thanks for joining us today. And I just want to apologize for all the technical challenges on the call, we'll get that cleaned up. We do appreciate you participating today and your interest in our company. And please follow up with our IR team, including Joe Fletcher, our new leader. And if you have questions we have not addressed today on the call. Have a great day. 
Mike Mason: Yes. Thanks, Geoff. Thanks for the question. What we've seen -- first of all, we're incredibly excited about the very robust launch we've had with Manzaro. We're also excited about the source of business that we're seeing. 72% of Monday's is coming from new patients into the entrain class. We think that's very important for accelerating class growth and we have seen class growth both at total prescriptions, new-to-brand and NTS accelerate since BonCharles launch. Of the 28% of the volume that's coming from switches, only 30% of that is from Trulicity and 70% is from other GLPs. And so as a result, as Anat indicated earlier, we're actually seeing Lilly incretin share market growing which is the sign that we -- of a robust solid foundation that we're laying. And so the NBRx have increased our share by the Lilly share in the injectable market by 12% and new to treatment starts by 10%. So we're very happy. We're growing the class and the market share at the same time. Your second question around payer dynamics, it's going as expected for us. We're trying to stay very disciplined. I think our focus is to set ourselves up for long-term success, not short-term success. -- and that's what we're doing. So it's going as expected. So far, we have both commercial and Part D access on Express Scripts, Cigna and Humana formularies. 
Mike Mason: Yes, great question. The SURMOUNT 1 data was phenomenal data for patients and physicians who treat obesity. We -- I think there's a combination of effects that will affect employers and the government to increase access for obesity agents. One is the data we produce. And I think, obviously, the first data we're producing is the weight loss as well as the factors like lipids and blood pressure. And the data we produce so far has been stellar. So I think the better data we produce and Surmont 1 through SMA4 is just going to help us in the short term. Long term, we think there's a lot of comorbid conditions associated with obesity like CV and heart failure and sleep Pactia and the better data we support there will open up those indications where are highly have a lot of overlap with obesity. And so we're excited about those trials and seeing those data as those trials complete. And then lastly, the more we can drive consumer interest in this, that puts pressure on employers and the government to be able to gain access for this. And so I think we've got strong plans on all 3 fronts and we're excited about the first data disclosure we've had on obesity. So we're very bullish on the long-term prospects of the obesity market and rolling it. 
Mike Mason: Okay. Thanks, Terrence, for those questions. Long term, I think our goals there is obviously to optimize our net price but also secure broad access like we have for Trulicity. So those are our 2 goals. Obviously, we don't give specifics on our net price negotiations publicly. But we're pleased with the progress. We're staying disciplined, trying to accelerate access before any new product launch. You got to be careful that you're not too aggressive, you get access to early but you pay too much for it. So we're staying disciplined. We've got a great product with a great profile. Payers are seeing that but it's a process and we're going through that process right now. From a supply perspective, Mongeral, as Anat said, we were planning for success. And so we had a lot of different launch scenarios. And we have lot scenarios that considered this level of uptake. As Anat shared, we don't anticipate any supply constraints for the U.S. launch of Manzaro. We -- our manufacturing team has been working around the clock for years to build manufacturing capacity throughout the supply chain. We have a number of sites who make this and they're optimizing our initial capacity on a daily basis. Also, we have made investments to expand our capacity over the next several years. We have a new parental plant at Research Dragon Park in North Carolina that's coming online in 2023 and another one behind that in Concord, North Carolina. Also, we're building 2 manufacturing facilities to make taconigredient for Mongeral and those will come on at a later time. So obviously, we're planning for success. And -- our manufacturing team is working around the clock to get as much of past supply as possible. 
Mike Mason: Yes. On the head-to-head versus sema 2.4 milligram, there's been no head-to-head trials comparing receppatide to sema 2.4. So we believe there was a good opportunity to do that to demonstrate tirzepatide significant weight loss benefits and totality, the benefits it has for patients. Head-to-head studies are the gold standards. Every time we talk to healthcare professionals, they really value and get a lot out of head-to-head studies. It just really informs their treatment. So we think it's the right thing to do and we're pleased to do that. It's going to be a head-to-head study, where we're comparing tuxepatide versus 72.4 in people that have obesity and overweight with the weight-related core mobility. Other than that, we'll provide more on the design and the time line at the later date as we get closer to posting it on clinicaltrials.gov. 
Mike Mason: Thanks andrew. I appreciate the question. Let me just even said everyone, our label on Mongeral advisers women using contract oral contraception to switch to or add to a non-oral contraceptive methods for 4 weeks during initiation of the product and then during the dose titration for each dose. Given the -- so healthcare professionals are aware of this, given the profound benefits of Mongeral, this hasn't impacted at all HCP and consumer interest in Montara. If you look at the data in the marketplace, we have data with ONKVIA through July 22 which is just 5 weeks of full promotion. And we've -- and Mounjaro already reached 20% new brand share market. So we haven't seen this as an issue at all. As to the future works for and evaluating the issue, we have nothing new to report to investors at this time. But this has not been an issue that has impacted Montara's uptake at all. 
Mike Mason: Okay Dave, thanks. I'll give you more context of the percentages that we had earlier on in the call. So what we're looking at is IQVIA data, the beginning of that by our analysis is June 3. We had our launch meeting the week after ADA, so the week of June 14 and -- so we have been promoting kind of full on since then. And so when you compare where we're at today, this is -- we have IQVA data through July 22, so 5 weeks of promotion. So we're comparing the -- our NBRx volume, our new-to-brand volume and share at July 22 versus June 13 in the injectable anchor gen market. And so what we've seen since then is that Montero's NBRx share has reached 20.5%. We saw Trulicity's NBRx has declined by only 8.4 share points. And so that produces a net gain in the Lilly injected NBRx share of 12.2%. And -- and then with NTS same time period, same market, we have a 10% overall Lilly injectable NBR share gain. 
Mike Mason: Yes, it's a good question. I think we're getting what we expected we thought we would see more new patients into the class. That's who we talk about with healthcare professionals and that's what we're getting. So we're not surprised by that, pretty typical what we'd expect with the new GLP launch. Now what you would expect when you have a new product like Monger especially with endocrinologists that they don't always see naive patients. They have a good bolus of patients who are already on GLPs. And so when they -- when we talked to them about Montero, they're excited about the opportunity to actually switch some of the patients who are not performing or not at goal at the current GLP. And so I think early on, you'll see like a higher percent coming from switches versus naive. And so today, we have 72% that is naive. If you look at at Trulicity, that's in like 88%. So what I would expect is that, that percentage coming from AE will grow over time. But I think this is what we would expect at launch and we're very pleased by both Trulicity and Darryl's performance since Mangerahas launched. 
Mike Mason: Carter, thanks for the question. On the cash pay side, we expect the percent of cash paid to follow our percent access in the marketplace. What we've seen so far, again, I reiterate what I said earlier, that we have both Part D and commercial access for Humana, Express Scripts on the National Preferred Formulary and Cigna. If you add that up, that's a little over 20% of the national lives. And so I think that's probably the best estimation of what you probably see with the cash pay. 
Mike Mason: Yes. That's a good question. I think naturally, payers will ask for additional rebates when a new product joins a formulary. So as part of our discussion of being disciplined and why you don't want to accelerate those discussions too rapidly and that's a factor into it. So I think net-net, I don't expect any step changes in GLP pricing as a result of Montero launching but it is part of the national pressure intention and contract negotiations. 
Mike Mason: Yes, I can add a few comments on that. This study is for people with diabetes have been diagnosed with diabetes. And we want to test what the impact could be on the progression of diabetes if you put a product like tirzepatide on very early in the course of treatment. And so this will study putting – starting patients who are naïve or very early in their treatment versus standard of care. We think weight loss with the benefits of a GLP and GIP and the improvement in beta cell function and insulin sensitivity could have a profound impact of disrupting type 2 diabetes. And so that’s what we’re testing in the study. It’s one that we’re very excited about. And we’ve already started to see weekly injectables being used earlier than just the injection space as more people understand that a weekly injection through an auto injector is a good experience and actually some some consumers prefer orals but some actually consume prefer a weekly injection with an auto injector like Monaro and Trulicity has. 
Dan Skovronsky: Louise, thanks for that question. Of course, we always reach for our competitors' success on clinical trials. We want great data so that we can have great drugs to help patients. I think the novo they pass the interim analysis but didn't stop the trial for efficacy is fine. I think there's really pretty significant differences here between tirzepatide and semaglutide that we just have to remember, a different mechanism, a different degree of efficacy on various outcomes, different trial designs, different populations to some extent. So we don't change our design of our SURMOUNT MMO study. We don't change our thinking about probably success. As Mike said earlier, we're highly confident in this mechanism. -- based on all of the data that we've seen, of course, starting with a quite dramatic weight loss which should be a benefit on morbidity and mortality from obesity. But also all of the cardiovascular indicators that we reported out in that Phase III study, including a very significant drop in blood pressure that should have a benefit -- a drop in LDL, an increase in HDL a drop in triglycerides, all of that should contribute to cardiovascular outcomes. So we remain excited and confident about our own study going forward. 
Dan Skovronsky: Louise, thanks for the question on Alzheimer's. So the fact is bottom line is we remain convinced about the mid- and long-term opportunity for donanemab and the Alzheimer's portfolio. Our focus right now is obviously on the rapid availability of donanemab for the appropriate patients through the accelerated approval pathway and then reconsideration with Phase III data. And we remain optimistic that with -- particularly with traditional FDA approval, FDA -- or sorry, CMS would not continue to limit coverage for on-label treatments. Now obviously, you mentioned competitor readout. As we've noted on prior calls, there is a chance that we'll see mixed results in some of these readouts due to the differences in the medicines and their trial designs. And as you know well, we have some unique design features in TV2 and a medicine that demonstrates rapid and deep plaqclearance. So we won't be discouraged if others miss their primary endpoints. And so we'll be following that closely, obviously. But in the near term, of course, we have to acknowledge that patient access will be very limited under the current CMS and CD with accelerated approval. But what that does do with the accelerated approval is really enable us to engage quickly with CMS following that Phase III data and hopefully drive reconsideration at that point. And it also allows us to accelerate the traditional approval through a supplemental BLA. So what we'll do in the near term, following a potential approval and the accelerated pathway is use that time to build out the diagnostic ecosystem to help physicians with the referral process and infusion systems. And so there's quite a bit to do, I think, to get ready for that Phase III data.
Dan Skovronsky: Yes. Thanks,. I understand where your question is going and we probably don't weigh in specifically on what others might do or see but I'll tell you how we run DSMBs and how we think about them generally across the industry. There's a couple of principles at play here. First, of course, is independence. This is not something run by the sponsor. And I think that's an important consideration for patient safety. We don't see the data they see and we're not privy to the discussions as a rule. The second is that we do set for DSMB's rules in advance by which they should make decisions. Those could be very simple rules in some cases, like hit statistical significance with a certain alpha on the primary endpoint or they could be more complex rules looking for consistency across secondaries or subpopulations or a higher bar of efficacy on the primary so that you're sure that you have a compelling effect that varies from study study and sponsor to sponsor. I'm sure. The third thing is that the recommendations that DSMBs get back to sponsors are often prespecified. So we'll tell the DSMB if it meets these criteria. This is what you tell us. And if it doesn't, this is what you tell us. And they usually are a matter of fact, without color that could compromise the integrity or cause one unblinding of an ongoing study. So I hope that's helpful in understanding how DSMBs work. I think at many companies, if there is a surprising recommendation for the DSMB such as to stop a study, there will often be a process where the sponsor or 1 or 2 representatives of the sponsor are unblinded so they can confirm the DSMB conclusion before taking action. But that wouldn't be typical for a simple study continuous kind of decision. 
