Enrique Conterno: On Glyxambi, clearly we're looking at the benefit that this product could provide for patients that are not achieving good control on metformin. So we see this as a very attractive options for many of those patients. And that's basically what our clinical results also say. So we're excited. We're the very early stages of our launch. We launched in late March, so we're, at this time basically introducing this product to healthcare providers.
Enrique Conterno: Yes. Just I did not answer the question on what impact would Glyxambi have on both Trajenta and Jardiance. We're not really thinking about the cannibalization aspects when introducing this product. We think this product is a very unique product. And, if anything, we believe that this product is actually going to strengthen both Trajenta and Jardiance as it becomes - as it basically gains acceptance in the marketplace.
Enrique Conterno: Obviously, [Technical Difficulty] interest in Alzheimer's disease. And as you know, for a long time we've believed in solanezumab's mechanism clearing the [indiscernible] data. We're starting to have a - conclude enrollments in Expedition 3 and now we're on the clock for last patients achieve 18 months of therapy. In the past we've communicated there was a chance we may - we had allowed for an interim risk but, as I've said before, that feature of the program was only valuable in the case of a slow enrollment rate. Again at this point we haven't made a definitive decision. I would continue to guide people to focus on the end of the study as when we'll be learning about the effects of solanezumab. So to your question, that would be after the October 16 last patient visit. As you rightly point out we also have specific interest in a Phase I program in that area. We're also excited about that mechanism. Recognizing that the mechanisms may, in fact, be complementary in some sense, either sequentially or combined together, that specific antibodies to date, the ones that we had published data on, also have a safety side effect profile that's, to our eye, quite different from solanezumab from the patient inherence perspective, et cetera, that may have an impact. So we'll have to let both of these mechanisms play out. And we're excited about both of them and I think with Alzheimer's, it is truly unique moment here as we've seen these modifying effects from multiple different programs.
Enrique Conterno: Let me just add a comment about tanezumab, the [indiscernible] growth factor, which I feel is highly exciting based on that the chronic-pain area is really needing a new agent. And if you consider the current dilemmas and problems that are with opioids in relation to addiction tolerance or even death due to abuse and so on and NSAIDS has a number of gastrointestinal side effects and there is an increased cardiovascular risk. So I think the opportunity for a new chronic-pain agent is a major one. In relation to the Alzheimer's combos, it's quite intriguing to think about different mechanisms again. Then if you have existing plaque, they need to be cleared and most likely by some microglial activation. And we have our N3pG plaque-specific antibody that can do that. And then you need to prevent further buildup of plaques with A-beta and that can be achieved either by a base inhibitor, or potentially by solanezumab binding them, the free AB tests. We're looking forward to making not only the preclinical experiments in a further solid way but also to test this in the clinic. But first we need to have good data with these different agents before we can combine them.
Enrique Conterno: So far, I think the launch of Trulicity is going well. Let me comment first on the GLP-1 market, because we had shared that we felt that Trulicity could be an important catalyst for the overall growth in that class. And long-term for us, this is critical as we think about the prospects for this product. A year ago when we looked at Q1 of 2014, this class was growing 6% when we look at TRX growth. This year, this class is growing 10 percentage points higher, so the growth is at 16%. And importantly, the growth is still accelerating as we look at new prescriptions. So it is an important start, because we do believe that Trulicity will be a major player in this class, but we want to make sure that this class is as relevant as it basically could be. To give some details on our penetration within the class itself, Trulicity today has an 11% new to patient, neutral brand share. This is comparable to BYDUREON at 23 and Victoza at 51. We're pleased with what we see, importantly because we have to put into context that in Q1 what we've shared is that access discussions are going well. And just to provide some color in Q1, we had a 65% availability in commercial and no availability in part D. Commercial is about 75% of the overall market, so clearly, what this basically means for Trulicity, that we had access to about 50% of the market, so we need to look at 11% new to run of course, in that context. What we have shared is that we feel good about our access in commercial. We continue to advance those numbers so we're closer to 70% now. And in part D, we had shared in the past that we were expecting access most likely starting 2016. We're pleased to report that we have already some limited access in part D and we believe that access will continue to increase through Q2 and Q3. So we're getting access faster than we had expected and this I think response to the value that the payers see in this particular product.
Enrique Conterno: Sure. So providing a little more detail when we look at both endos and Primary Care, endos, which represent slightly under 30% of the overall GLP-1 market, our new to patient share, is 18%. So clearly this reflects the fact that we launched in that to endos earlier. In Primary Care, our share is still in the high single digits when it comes to new to patient share, but it's increasing fast. So we feel good in terms of where we're today. I think it's important to note that in Primary Care, we basically really have about two and a half months, basically, since we launched, so it's still very early but we're seeing week-to-week progression when it comes to our new to patient share. And clearly, the continued improved access, I think, is going to play very well for us. In terms of our plans, as we seek to build this brand, one comment, but clearly we're not ruling out direct to consumer or any of those investment. Clearly there is a lot of direct-to-consumer investments in the U.S. right now and that's something that we look very closely for all of our brands.
Enrique Conterno: Well, on DPP4, as I think we all have seen or heard the discussion at the advisory committee. Clearly there was a lot to focus on both CV safety but also all-cause mortality endpoints. It is difficult for me to speculate any action that the FDA may take. I think what I can basically say as far as Trajenta is concerned and we have to keep in mind that these numbers are very low, so we cannot have any type of conclusive interpretation from this data, but when we look at our randomized placebo-controlled clinical trials and when we look at the data for Trajenta, in both cases when it comes to CV mortality and when it comes to all-cause mortality, our house of ratios were below 1. So we have no signals that would indicate that linagliptin would cause - would have an issue when it comes to either all-cause mortality or CV death. When it comes to the data for dose-specific DPP4, as I think you have to ask the respective companies. As far as Jardiance is concerned, we're very excited to be able to get to see the results from our outcome trial. At this stage, I've characterized our chances as decent, but we have to wait and see. So we will be basically having a chance to look at these results over the summer and we expect to basically publish topline results when we have this data available.
Enrique Conterno: Sure. So when it comes to glargine, we're anticipating launching in Europe late in the summer of this year. And in the U.S., as you are aware, we're subject to a 30-month stay. We do have a trial happening later this year in the month of September. Assuming, of course, that we have a favorable resolution of that trial prior to the 30-month stay, we would be launching earlier. But the 30-month stay basically takes us into Q3 of 2016.
Sue Mahony: Sure. And with Cyramza, the vast majority of the sales that we're seeing is in gastric cancer impacting the U.S. where we launched last year. We're seeing use with the majority of the sales coming from use in combination with taxitaxil [ph] as we expected. We did see in Q1, though, a proportion of sales coming from the lung launch. It's early days yet on lung. But what we're seeing uptake there and the feedback so far is positive from physicians in the use of Cyramza in lung cancer indications. And clearly in Europe, we just launched, beginning of this year, in Europe and where we're seeing access, for example, in countries like Germany, again early days, but the uptake in the gastric indication there is positive.
Sue Mahony: Sure. Alimta performance was mainly impacted by FX worldwide. We had a 1% volume decline with a 7% rate and a 1% price. If we look at it by geography, we actually increased in the U.S. by 3% and that was mainly driven by price. In Europe, we had a 2% volume increase and that was offset mainly by FX with also some price impact in ENB. We also had a volume increase, again offset half by price and half by rate. In Japan we had the same impact that was mentioned earlier with regards to the buy-in that we saw last year on the consumption tax increase. So we did have a volume decrease versus last year's quarter. But also a rate impact in Japan.
Sue Mahony: Jay, with regards to the Alimta patent, in the German court, as you know, ruled in our favor last year on the infringement case. In March, that was appealed and the appeal ruled against Alimta. And so basically has ruled that the vitamin regimen patent would not be infringed by generic competitor if they intend to market post the loss of the compound patent the end of December of this year and we will seek permission to appeal this decision to the German Supreme Court. We anticipate that the appeal hearing will happen, though, after the compound patent has expired in Germany. In the UK, the High Court ruled against Lilly in the first instance in May of last year. We have appealed this ruling. The appeal was heard in March of this year. We have yet to hear the outcome of that appeal. And as a reminder, that case covered the UK but also France, Italy and Spain. So we're waiting to hear what the outcome of that appeal would be. Regarding your question on the PD1 inhibitors, on Alimta, the main use of Alimta and where we promote Alimta because we believe that's where we see the best benefit for patients is in the first-line setting and in the maintenance setting. As you are aware, the Optivo launch and the data that we're seeing in some later lines of therapy, so we do not see an impact in the near future on Alimta. Clearly there are other studies ongoing in the first-line setting. We'll need to see what those readouts are over the coming years. Additionally we do believe that combinations are going to be important going forward. And so we have a collaboration with Merck to look at combining Keytruda and Alimta in the first-line non-squamous setting, so clearly we need to see the data from all those trials over the coming months and years.
Sue Mahony: With regard to the Alimta hearing or the Alimta patent, the UK decision will clearly depend on the timing from the court, but we do anticipate we'll hear sometime later this year on that. In Japan, the JPO hearing was heard in February. And again, we're expecting to get a determinant on that case again sometime later this year. In the U.S., as you're aware, the District Court has ruled in Lilly's favor on validity. The case has gone back to the court regarding infringement. That case is now being heard on May 28 of this year.
Sue Mahony: Regarding abemacyclic, we're very excited by this molecule and we believe that the latest news [indiscernible] validates the CDK46 class. And we believe that we could have a best-in-class molecule here with single -gent activity, continuous dosing and also our molecule crosses the blood-brain barrier. We're moving quickly on our trials. We have our two Phase III trials ongoing and enrolling, one which is our Phase II trial ongoing, as well as our Kraz [ph] lung study, so we're moving quickly. Our plan is to enroll these trials as quickly as possible so we can get data out hopefully over the next year or so on these trials. Also we have started a breast cancer study for women with brain mets. That will be - because we know that abemacyclic crosses the blood- brain barrier, we believe that that could be a good opportunity for this molecule. So we're excited and we look forward to sharing more data with you.
Jan Lundberg: Let me just add that I think it's very likely that these mechanisms are complementary. And clearly solanezumab has also shown preferable safety profile, particularly in relation to ARIA, either on the brain edema dilemma that you see with this plaque-specific antibodies, at least then from competitors. So I think we now need to wait and see what happens with it in these bigger trials.
Jan Lundberg: Just complement there, the metabolism of this agent is independent of renal function. So therefore, it's suitable with patients then that have some compromise in their renal function.
Jan Lundberg: First, the TAL imaging agent is making intriguing progress and seems to differ in relation to what you can achieve compared to the amyloid imaging. The TAL imaging seems to correlate quite well to symptom decline in and progression then of Alzheimer's disease. It also has a regional distribution in the brain that also seems to correlate with symptoms and there is a great interest in the overall academic and pharmaceutical community for this particular agent. We're also testing whether the TAL imaging could potentially be a surrogate marker then for Alzheimer's disease progression and how you can influence that with pharmaceuticals. And there will be a subgroup in EXPEDITION 3 then for solanezumab that will have the TAL tracer before and after treatment. In relation to TAL therapeutics, we're very interested to see if we can inhibit the spread of TAL mis-folded protein in the brain which seems to happen in the prion-like fashion. And we have a monoclonal antibody in preclinical development that, if everything goes well, we should have that in Phase I next year.
Phil Johnson: Tim, just a little more color on your question about hearing results downstream from that October 2016 date. As we've been through this a number of times, as you may recall, that after last patient visit, there is time that needs to transpire for the database to actually be locked, cleaned and validated and then for us to run tables and figures and so typically, topline press releases have been after last patient visit by multiple months. So you should expect to see a topline press release downstream certainly of that October 2016 last patient visit date.
Phil Johnson: Thanks, Dave. Seamus, let me start with some of the trial readouts that you should be expecting and/or detailed data presentations that we think you'd have on your radar screen. And then Jan, Sue, Enrique, or Dave if there are other Phase II readouts that you want to highlight, please do so. So as Derica mentioned at the ADA meeting this year, we would expect to have detailed data from a large number of the Phase III trials for our basal insulin peglispro. We also hope in the middle part of this year in the summer to have the first detailed Phase III data disclosures for both ixekizumab and for baricitinib, respectively in psoriasis and rheumatoid arthritis. Recall, as well, Enrique mentioned the CD outcomes trial for Jardiance that we expect around the middle part of the year and then the solanezumab extension data from the two-year data we would expect to be presented at the medical meeting this year as well. If you think about some of the additional top lines or yet to read out probably the main one or ones that I would highlight for you would be the latter part of the when we expect to have data from the remaining two of the four main pivotal trials for baricitinib in rheumatoid arthritis. We've also talked about moving over a 2 Mab or 3G-3 into Phase III trials in soft tissue sarcoma and would hope, at an upcoming medical meeting, to have some of the detailed data presented to allow you to see our reason for optimism with that drug. Clearly ASCO would be a great venue for us to do that. With that let me turn it over to Jan or the other business unit presidents if there is additional readouts that you'd like to highlight. I think I've hit them all, but..
Phil Johnson: Dave Ricks, if you could talk about the two-year extension, how people should be thinking about that? Both the general framework of what they might be expecting to see in the data or what we'd like to be seeing in the data? We'll be carving out mild patients and any caveats to be provided. Enrique, over to you for the timing for launch for glargine, both U.S. and EU. And then, Derica, if you want to comment on the Erbitux mechanics. If not, I can chime in as well. So Dave, over to you first.
Phil Johnson: And then one follow-up then for Dave's question. My counterpart over at Bristol-Myers Squibb, John Elicher, would probably want me to point out that there will be, during this period on Erbitux, from Q4 this year through late 2018, a payment that we will be making to Bristol-Myers Squibb. I believe subsequently they'll be disclosing the amount of that payment with their SEC filing and that payment for us would show up in cost of sales.
Dave Ricks: Yes. So I think your question was whether our clients were chronic or episodic headache? Remembering there's actually two types of headaches we're looking at here. What we've been talking about today is the addition to the pipeline advancement chart of moving CGRP into Phase III here in the coming months for a condition called cluster headache and we'll be studying that in both the chronic and the episodic forms. This is an orphan-type indication that we're moving into. We're also continuing the development in episodic [Technical Difficulty]. Lilly is not planning to study chronic migraine at this time and we've had impressive results from our Phase II program in episodic migraine. We'll be seeking to replicate these results in Phase III and right now we have a Phase IIb program going on to further define the dose for that larger migraine program.
Dave Ricks: Good. As it relates to tanezumab, yes, we're pleased to be able to now move off of clinical hold and do plan to proceed into Phase III as soon as later this year with Pfizer. There will actually be three indications that will be pursued. Osteoarthritis, as you mentioned, Tony, we'll also be looking at chronic low back pain and then chronic pain associated with cancer. And that program is similar to what had been previously studied and then stopped at Phase III. On evacetrapib, as we mentioned earlier in the quarter, the extension of time is really not related to the evacetrapib study accelerate. It was a set of recommendations made by our academic advisors and accepted by the company based on information coming from other major long-term cardiovascular event studies where it has been noted that in mediate or recent ACS patients that the impact of lipid managements is a bit delayed in these patients. And we wanted to make sure we fully accounted for this new information in sizing the trial, thus the six-month extension into middle of 2016. Maybe just briefly on Alzheimer's and Jan perhaps can elaborate on the Lilly-generated combination data, but we have no doubt that this disease when we find and have approved these modifiers will be requiring multiple mechanisms to fully arrest its impacts. And we do think mechanisms such as plaque-targeted antibodies, such as base inhibitors and soluble A-beta antibodies and maybe even TAL-based therapies could be combined in all kinds of forms to achieve optimal results. Of course the science in this space is evolving rapidly and, frankly, pretty new. We don't have human data in combinations that I'm aware of. So that's a whole field that would need to be explored, hopefully after a positive solanezumab study in late 2016.
Dave Ricks: As it relates to the target event rates and specifics about the population in the accelerate program, I know we've said this before, but we're anticipating publishing a design paper for accelerate which will include those details. So until that is published, it's probably not appropriate to comment further. I will only generally say that accelerate is a study designed to study secondary prevention in high-risk vascular disease and as a result, we're expecting a decent event rate in this population. And, in fact, that's what we're observing having enrolled it. The details of that, again, we'll be publishing in the forthcoming Journal. As relates to NGF and tanezumab in the pricing scheme, we're not going to be able to go into the detail on that here, but I think Jan touched on this earlier, that we see chronic-pain management different from acute-pain management. Chronic-pain management is a very significant unmet need, particularly in the United States. The patients that will be targeted with tanezumab will be patients who have exhausted other pain- management options. And other more significant interventions, the likely next step in their disease course and we think in this space, there's creation both for pharmaceutical but in the health system itself, not to mention the side effect and addiction issues for the current therapies [Technical Difficulty] program, pretty substantial at that size in this - we think there's clearly a place, a place where - can be reimbursed in chronic pain management. No, I wrote down the questions here, but question on baseline LDL, the baseline LDL is, just to confirm, in accelerate [Technical Difficulty] publish that number, but patients enroll on the maximum tolerated dose of the stat.
Dave Ricks: So baricitinib, we're right in the middle of Phase III readouts. As Phil mentioned previously, the first two studies we have toplined already. And you should expect to see some of that data presented at EBAR coming up in the middle of the year. This would be the beacon and build studies. Additionally we have an early RA study and then a first line biologic comparative study which is fully powered noninferiority against agumenubab Both of those studies, what we've said is in the second half of this year, will be topline in those. So exciting year for baricitinib and then sort shortly following all that we'll be submitting to FDA and other and other global regulators. In terms of how we compare our results to others, of course it's not appropriate to make direct - there are no direct comparison studies between topacitnin and baricitinib or the recent Galapagos data, but I think we've said all along, we'd like the Jack 1-2 signaling pathway, particularly in RA and we feel like baricitinib has the chance to be the best in class product, if you think of this as one whole class. And so far we're pleased with the results from the studies we have read out.
Dave Ricks: Sure. Thank you for the question on ixekizumab. To clarify, the ankylosing spondylitis study that was withdrawn was originally designed to be a supportive study for exposure through the PSA program, as we were several years ago and as we're midstream on the additional indication work for ixekizumab, we changed the strategy and that supportive evidence wasn't required anymore under the approach. So what we have with ixekizumab now is a complete set of studies in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis and cover 1-2-3 studies. I'm not sure which competitor you're referring to on the PASI 100 scores, but we're pretty impressed with our PASI 100 scores, which, as you know, at the high end have achieved up to 41%. And I think that's as good as I've seen, but interested in - of course, if you have other insights on that. And [indiscernible] class, we do have differences. [indiscernible] which is now launched from Novartis in IL 17 A, antibody to the protein, so are we, whereas others have taken different approaches, notably the antigen approach which is a receptor antibody. So it would be not unexpected to have slightly different types of clinical results and safety profiles as a result of those differences. In terms of other things around ixekizumab, we recently toplined our first psoriatic arthritis study and we have another psoriatic arthritis study ongoing. And as it relates to an aspect, your original question, we remain interested in this indication and we think turning to IL 17 is a logical step and could advance care for this very debilitating condition.
Dave Ricks: We said previously we'd be hoping to disclose that data middle of this year. The two-year extension from EXPEDITION 1 and 2, we have disclosed at CCAD November 14 some of the earlier data and just on limitations just a few comments. Of course this is open label data. It's a progressive and significant disease burden on the patients. So you never get 100% completing all the way through and probably most importantly, patients in EXPEDITION 1 and 2 were not deselected for lack of amyloidosis. And so we still have a mixed-cause dementia in the study which, of course, we've corrected in EXPEDITION 3. That said, I think there is two primary effects, one we would hope to see, to answer the question did you see disease modification in the controlled phase of EXPEDITION 1 and 2? And we will be focused on the mild patients. You'll see that broken out. One is that there's no catch-up, meaning that if you start later, you can get to the same point. I think one definition of disease modification is that it's a daily progression and therefore starting earlier is better. But I think then you'd also hope to see that the later-started patients would also follow a parallel curve of decay to those who are on the drug the whole time, so there is a drug effect. And, in a sense, one could say we didn't just get lucky with randomization in the first set of studies. So those are two comments and color to frame what we'll see in July.
Derica Rice: As for our guidance this year, historically, yes, we have; it has happened. I would say it's not common. But we do look at it each and every quarter to see if there's anything meaningful enough to cause us to move our estimates. As I stated earlier in my opening remarks, we're off to a very good start to the year. Despite the FX headwinds, we're driving volume growth in those areas we had anticipated, at least versus our internal expectations. And that coupled with the good cost-containment efforts really is driving our strong bottom-line performance. And as importantly, we do expect to return to growth for the year this year in 2015. So we're very encouraged by our start to the year and we'll keep you updated as we progress through the remaining months.
Derica Rice: Dave, on Erbitux, it might be helpful to review really quickly the current accounting. So essentially when you look at things like our investor workbook we post on the website and look at the detailed product revenue tab, you'll see that there are two different lines. One is for the net revenue that we book, which is essentially 39% of the revenue that actually is sold, for example, by Bristol, offset by some of the third-party royalty obligations that exist. And then you'll see a second line, which is the sale of bulk product to Bristol for which we've booked the cost of sales in our cost of sales as well. That sales number for the API that we produced and the cost of sales are not largely different numbers. As you think about going forward, once we transition the product back to Lilly from Bristol, we will sell to end customers and book the full sales. We will have no longer any kind of bulk sales out to them, so the full cost of bulk will hit our cost of sales and we'll also have the finished cost of sales through third parties that Bristol currently would show on their income statement. We'll also have additional selling, marketing and R&D expenses related to ongoing supportive brand. And then on a GAAP basis, we would also have amortization of intangible. And I'm not sure exactly which line that hits. I think it's likely going to be hitting our cost of sales line for our reported or GAAP results. There are likely to be some other accounting-related effects that could happen essentially as we're monitoring over time and truing up the asset that has been created as well as the liability that has been created as part of the, essentially, business combination type accounting that was applied for this particular business development deal. But the major effects, I believe, are the ones I just outlined for you. We would expect it to be accretive starting in 2016. I'm not in a position at this point in time to quantify how much. I would underscore that the basis for the deal really is value as the long-term owners for the asset [indiscernible] originally scheduled to come back to us in late 2018. We believe we're best-positioned to be the stewards of it up until that time and overall this should allow us to drive better value for the company for the life of the assets.
Derica Rice: That's correct, but there is a different set of economics that will govern those two periods. Since Bristol had a larger economic right through the end or near the end of 2018, we'll have different economics between now and September of 2018. After September of 2018, both currently under the existing agreement as well as under the revised agreement once it's implemented, we have full North American rights with no trailing obligations to Bristol.
Derica Rice: Thanks, Phil. We appreciate your participation in today's earnings call and your interest in Eli Lilly and Company. Please note that we'll host a call from ADA on Sunday evening, June 7, to provide an update on our diabetes business. And do keep an eye out for conference calls later this summer to discuss Phase III data for both ixekizumab and baricitinib. Finally, if you have questions we did not address during today's call, please contact our IR team and they'll be happy to help. Have a great day.
