Joe Fletcher: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for Eli Lilly and Company's Q2 2023 Earnings Call. I'm Joe Fletcher, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. And joining me on today's call are Dave Ricks, Lilly's Chair and CEO; Anat Ashkenazi, Chief Financial Officer; Dr. Dan Skovronsky, Chief Scientific and Medical Officer; Anne White, President of Lilly Neuroscience; Ilya Yuffa, President of Lilly International; Jake Van Naarden, President of Loxo at Lilly; Mike Mason, President of Lilly Diabetes; and Patrik Jonsson, President of Lilly Immunology and Lilly U.S.A. We're also joined by Michaela Irons, Mike Springnether and Lauren Zierki of the Investor Relations team. During this conference call, we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Our actual results could differ materially due to several factors, including those listed on Slide 3. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in our latest Form 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Q and 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The information we provide about our products and pipeline is for the benefit of the investment community. It's not intended to be promotional and is not sufficient for prescribing decisions. As we transition to our prepared remarks, please note that our commentary will focus on non-GAAP financial measures. Now I'll turn over the call to Dave.
Joe Fletcher: Thanks, Dave. We'd like to take questions from as many callers as possible and conclude our call in a timely manner. [Operator Instructions]. Paul, please provide the instructions for the Q&A session, and then we're ready for the first caller.
Joe Fletcher: Thanks, Kerry, for the question. And yes, we'll go to Anat with that commentary on the OpEx guide and additional context.
Joe Fletcher: Thanks, Terence. Mike, I'll hand that over to you for commentary on single brand versus multiple brands for tirzepatide.
Joe Fletcher: Thanks, Colin. I'm going to hand to Anat to talk a little bit about the RTP commercial supply and supply dynamics in the near term.
Joe Fletcher: Thanks, Umer, for the question. I'll hand over to Dan for that question on orforglipron liver dynamics.
Joe Fletcher: Thanks, Mohit. We'll take your comment under advisement. It's a fair point. To your question on long-term supply, I'll maybe hand back to Anat to talk a little bit more about manufacturing dynamics and plans.
Joe Fletcher: Thanks, Trung. I'm going to hand to Anat for that comment -- for that response on the IRA and potential impacts.
David Ricks: Thanks, Joe. In the second quarter, Lilly's momentum continued. We advanced our R&D pipeline, progressed our ambitious manufacturing agenda and delivered strong financial results. Our business saw an acceleration of revenue growth driven by Mounjaro, Verzenio and Jardiance. As base period headwinds from COVID-19 antibody revenue and Alimta's loss of exclusivity recede, we do expect strong growth to continue in the quarters ahead. Lilly has made substantial progress in advancing our pipeline of innovative medicines in recent years, but the past few months have been particularly noteworthy. In early May, we shared the top line results of the Phase III TRAILBLAZER-ALZ 2 trial, which showed donanemab treatment slowed clinical decline in Alzheimer's by 35%. While differences in enrollment criteria and study design make cross-trial comparisons difficult, this represents the greatest percentage cognitive slowing in a primary end point of any disease-modifying Alzheimer's disease treatment reported to date, and the only Phase II to Phase III replication to date. Three weeks ago at the Alzheimer's Association International Conference in Amsterdam and simultaneously published in JAMA, we shared the detailed results, including new analysis, which demonstrates the potential of even greater cognitive slowing in patients in the earlier stages of Alzheimer's disease. At the ADA scientific sessions in June, we shared positive Phase II data on 2 next-generation diabetes and obesity product candidates: orforglipron and retatrutide. And less than 2 weeks ago, we shared top line results from the SURMOUNT-3 and SURMOUNT-4 Phase III trials, which showed participants on tirzepatide following intensive lifestyle intervention or with continued tirzepatide treatment, achieved up to 26.6% mean weight loss. Dan will share more perspectives in his R&D update on these and other exciting areas of pipeline progress. Moving to our results. You can see on Slide 4 the continued progress made on our strategic deliverables so far this year. Excluding revenue from Baqsimi and from the sales of COVID-19 antibodies in 2022, Q2 revenue grew 22% on 23% volume growth. Volume growth in Q2 was driven by Mounjaro, which leads our new products category. That category also includes Jaypirca and now Omvoh, which saw its first sales in Japan in Q2 and launched in Germany in July. In the second quarter of this year, new products and growth products categories combined contributed approximately 26 percentage points of volume growth. These products, coupled with potential upcoming launches, solidify Lilly's strong growth profile through this decade. We've had several important pipeline updates since our Q1 earnings call. For mirikizumab, approval in the EU and resubmission of our U.S. application with regulatory action expected by the end of this year. Regulatory submissions in the U.S. for tirzepatide for chronic weight management; regulatory submission of donanemab for traditional approval to the FDA and EMA following the positive Phase III results from the TRAILBLAZER-ALZ 2 trial; and positive Phase III top line readouts for SURMOUNT-3 and 4 in the third and fourth global studies evaluating tirzepatide in chronic weight management. The second quarter also was productive for business development. We've commented in the past on our active exploration and pursuit of external innovation and are pleased to have announced agreements to acquire 2 clinical-stage companies in the second quarter: DICE Therapeutics and Versanis Bio. These companies operate in different therapeutic areas, and each is a fit with Lilly's strategy. We also closed the sale of global rights to Baqsimi, and the financial impact of this transaction is reflected in our Q2 results. After quarter end, we closed the sale of rights to our olanzapine portfolio, which will be reflected in our Q3 financial results. Both these transactions are now incorporated into our updated 2023 financial guidance. We continued to progress the most ambitious manufacturing expansion agenda in the 147 history of our company. We're happy to share that commercial production to support our incretin portfolio has begun at our Research Triangle Park site in North Carolina. Beyond the capacity expansion that will come as we ramp production at this site, we're also pursuing other near-term paths to expand access to our incretins to patients around the world. Anat will provide more detail on these efforts. And finally, we distributed over $1 billion in dividends this quarter. On Slide 5, you'll see a list of key events since our Q1 earnings call, including several important regulatory, clinical and other updates we're sharing today. So without further ado, I'll turn this over to Anat to share our Q2 results.
David Ricks: Thank you, Dan. Before we go to Q&A, let me briefly sum up our progress in the second quarter. This quarter saw an acceleration of revenue growth as our recently launched product portfolio gathers momentum. Excluding COVID-19 antibodies and Baqsimi revenue, we grew 22% driven by Mounjaro, Verzenio and Jardiance. The quarter also saw a continuation of investment in our future growth in our manufacturing expansion, in late-stage medicines, in early phase capabilities and in business development. Notwithstanding these long-term investments, we continue to expect our revenue will grow more rapidly than our expense base in the coming years and see significant opportunity for margin expansion. We also achieved meaningful advances in our near-term pipeline with positive phase -- positive top line results, detailed data disclosures and submission of donanemab for traditional approval to the FDA and EMA, and completion of the tirzepatide submission in chronic weight management, alongside positive top line results from 2 more Phase III trials for the SURMOUNT program. We also shared data from 4 mid-stage clinical trials for orforglipron and retatrutide and initiated Phase III trials for both assets. Lastly, we announced several targeted business development moves intended to bolster our early- and mid-stage portfolio and our R&D capabilities, and we returned over $1 billion to shareholders via the dividend. Now I'll turn the call over to Joe to moderate the Q&A session.
David Ricks: Yes. Sure. I'll jump in. I mean, just as we think about this over the long term, first of all, versus where we started the year, there is one change we're talking about today, which are these new presentations that we'll be launching beginning even this year into next year. It's important for people to know that the constraint we experience now is in the parenteral auto-injector space. So to the degree we move outside of that, using our multi-dose pen that's currently developed for insulin and we're redeveloping for tirzepatide or certainly the vial, which is quite accessible and high-volume systems available, we'll be able to make more than we had planned previously, just to be clear. That's on top of sort of an on-schedule expansion at RTP in the other North Carolina site as well as other internal nodes of capacity. So I think that's good news for Mounjaro. That all said, for the prior questions here, will that be enough to meet demand? I'm not so sure. So while the volume is moving up into the right, we need more. And does like today's news, will only expand the opportunity. So you're right to point out that other molecules, in orforglipron in particular, could play a big role in meeting global demand for obesity treatment and all the related complications because it's a completely different technology in that it's using oral solid, and there's quite a bit of capacity around the globe for that. Orforglipron is a complicated molecule to make. It's got many steps. But it puts us in using a different set of assets and processes than the current ones we're using. So that's an important program, particularly for global access and availability over the long term. Just to remember as well, 2 years ago, we were probably treating 10 million people globally with incretins. And the WHO is estimating there'll be 1 billion people with obesity and related conditions by 2050, I believe. So a long way away from getting all the way to that. We need things like orforglipron to work for us to meet the needs of all the patients in the world.
David Ricks: Great. Well, we appreciate your participation in today's earnings call and your interest in the company. It's been a very productive first half of the year for Lilly, and we look forward to continuing our momentum into the second half. Thanks again for dialing in. And as always, please follow up with the IR team if you have questions we have not addressed on today's call. Have a great day.
Michael Mason: Thanks, Louise. I assume we probably would get a question on the SELECT trial, and thanks for starting out the call with that. The SELECT trial read out as we expected. I think the results are great for the anti-obesity medication class. It should really support access for any payers who are on the fence of whether they should add anti-obesity medications or not. I think importantly, it should turn the conversation of the benefits of weight loss away from aesthetics and more toward the health benefit of people living with obesity. When you look overall, there are 236 obesity-related health complications. To name a few, obesity increases the risk of type 2 diabetes by 243%, coronary heart disease by 69%, hypertension by 113%, dyslipidemia by 74%. The overall cost of obesity-rated complications and comorbidities are massive, accounting for $370 billion in direct medical cost, over $1 trillion in indirect annual costs in the U.S. People living with obesity or overweight drive 2.7 greater health care costs than normal-weight individuals. The global health stakeholders really need to be moved beyond the debate and really move to action on the AOM class. With tirzepatide's potential to provide over 20% weight loss, it should provide great value for payers. We have a comprehensive real-world evidence plan and clinical plan to demonstrate tirzepatide's value, including our MMO OUTCOMES trial. Based on the SELECT trial results, we can't wait to see the results of tirzepatide/MMO study. We do believe that additional weight loss will matter. This is a fantastic day for people living with obesity. Now do I think most payers will adopt AOMs overnight because of SELECT trial? I don't think so. I think, as I said earlier, those who are on the fence, this will push them over. But I think it is an important milestone in a long-term goal to get broad access for anti-obesity medications.
Michael Mason: Okay. Geoff, thanks for your question. Right now, we only market Mounjaro for type 2 diabetes. So the only end-market real-world persistency rates that we have are for Mounjaro in type 2 diabetes patients. What we do know is that people living with type 2 diabetes have had good experiences with Mounjaro. In the first launch, like at the first phase of launch before we've made savings card and experienced supply spot outages, type 2 diabetes patients to Mounjaro did have better persistency than Trulicity, which is important because Trulicity historically has had the best compliance in the diabetes market. So we're confident in the experiences that people who use Mounjaro for type 2 diabetes have. And we're excited to see what that will be for people living with product weight management when and if we get approved by the FDA.
Michael Mason: No, it's a good question. I don't think that will be the case. What we've seen is payers opt into the class, not a particular drug. So I don't think that will give them a differential impact within payer access. I think commercially, typically, health care professionals when they see results like this, it really helps the class more than any one individual product.
Michael Mason: Chris, thanks for those questions. Yes, we did make the change in the $25 savings, program did expire at the end of June 30. So anything that you see in IQVIA is post that change. And you'll see that volume of those individuals who were using an uncovered plan no longer in our trends. We were very happy with what we saw with Mounjaro-pay TRxes in the quarter as they grew nearly 60% in the quarter. As we go forward, we'll -- our manufacturing team is working on bringing on new capacity at North Carolina and then a few more areas. And as that production comes on and ramps up, we will see some benefit from that supply. I mean, ultimately, that will help build inventories up and help eliminate any spot outage that we see. In the short term, because we're seeing really unprecedented demand, we do still expect to see tight supply and some spot outages on Mounjaro through the end of the year. But I think ultimately as that manufacturing capacity ramps up, we will be out of the spot outages that we see. But in the next couple of months and quarters, I think we'll still see tightened [indiscernible].
Michael Mason: Yes. Thanks for the question. We're evaluating all alternatives, and we'll announce our decision at approval.
Michael Mason: Yes. No, good question. Obviously, it's something we've taken a look at since the launch. Really haven't seen any trend breaks in what we've seen and how much of Trulicity is being converted over to Mounjaro. We've seen about 13% to 14% of patients coming on to Mounjaro come on from Trulicity. So really no changes from what we've seen at launch. Overall, our goal is to grow the entire Lilly incretin franchise, and we did that well in Q2 by growing revenue by over 58%. So we're pleased where we're at with the -- with our Lilly incretin pipeline, our portfolio, and are excited to grow it further in quarters to come.
Michael Mason: Yes. I think there's a couple of dynamics that will play out. I mean, first of all, we need to build a long-term clinical and real-world evidence to support payers' decisions, and we're doing that. We're spending literally billions of dollars in clinical evidence to show what tirzepatide and our pipeline can offer patients who have obesity and payers with regards to medical cost savings. We're confident in our modeling that payers will see medical cost offset with tirzepatide. And so I think that will be an important piece of it. I think the other dynamic is a lot of times, we focus on the clinical story. But there is things beyond the economic analysis that I think will play a role. If you go and really discuss with people who live with obesity, improving their health is a top personal goal. Sadly, when we look at the data, 82% people live with obesity experience physical functioning reductions, while 77% experience reduced mental, emotional well-being. Patients using tirzepatide showed significant improvements in physical, mental and emotional well-being in the SURMOUNT-1 trial. And it's clear from the patient testimonies that we had in our SURMOUNT clinical trials that tirzepatide can meaningfully improve the lives of people with obesity. The massive interest that we see in obesity medications is really driven by the fundamental desire for people living with obesity to improve their health. People live with obesity should have a loud and powerful voice in this debate. And I think that's going to be a big component of payer decisions, whether that be an employer or be state or federal government. And so I think what you're going to see is over time, you're going to see data like the SELECT data, data like MMO or other clinical trials, continuing to build the case on economic side for these. While you're going to see the voice of people living with obesity who really want a better life, more hope for the future, who will be demanding access for these agents. And I think both over time, we'll continue to build access across the U.S. as well as globally.
Anat Ashkenazi: Thanks, Kerry, for the questions. So we have raised, you're right, both SG&A guidance as well as R&D. The SG&A increases are primarily as a result of continued investment in the upcoming launches we have yet this year. As we're seeing the opportunities, we're excited to divest efficiently behind these opportunities and make them a reality for patients and for Lilly. On the R&D side, Dan provided a robust outline of the progress we've seen in our pipeline. And there are really, I would say, 3 to 4 key drivers of that increase. One is additional new studies that we've announced primarily in Phase III. And you mean the broadening of the investments we're making in our incretin portfolio, initiating multiple Phase III studies for both orforglipron and retatrutide and announcing new studies, coupled with continued advancement. We're seeing great success in our early-stage pipeline and we're investing behind that. We're also seeing continued success in our enrollment rates for currently for our Phase III program. So that's continued to enroll well. And then the 3 business development transactions, the inbound that we've announced, are now going to be incorporated in our second half R&D run rate. So all these combined are the drivers of the increase this year. So they represent really a tremendous opportunity for continued investments in a very successful pipeline.
Anat Ashkenazi: Colin, so let me first start with the end of your question on -- just to clarify RTP. So RTP is now live and producing for commercial purposes, and it's on line, in line with our expectations. So there are no delays. It's progressing as we had expected. I'm incredibly proud of the work that the manufacturing team have done to get us to this point. As Mike alluded, there will be a gradual increase in available capacity coming out of that site. We've mentioned in the past, it's a large site with multiple lines. They'll come online gradually and provide more products into the marketplace. As we think about 2024, I suggest we step back and look comprehensively at our manufacturing agenda and capacity plans. So RTP is one side. It's obviously of high interest just because of the proximal nature, and that's the first one that's launched out of the number of sites we have under construction. In parallel, we have been working and continue to work to expand capacity in existing sites. We're working with partners and CMOs to supplement capacity. And our strategy is, first and foremost, to have an internal build but then we supplement externally as needed. But we're also progressing with -- rapidly with our site in North -- the second site, North Carolina in Concord, which you recall we've announced last year. And that could potentially go live in terms of production in the second half of 2024, again, gradually. So we will see some relief of supply at the end of -- or towards the end of next year and then continue to grow from there. And as you know, this is -- these are not the only 2 nodes of capacity. We're also adding outside of incretin and for incretin, API capacity in Ireland as well as 2 large sites in Indiana. So we're expanding capacity broadly to support both the incretin portfolio but then the broader Lilly portfolio, and managing a broad set of networks outside of Lilly. So a complex manufacturing set of nodes that we're working towards. We'll comment on -- specifically on 2024 when we provide guidance in terms of what you should expect in revenue. But this is how you should think about the gradual increase in supply with both RTP, internal capacity elsewhere as well as CMOs. The additional presentation is meant to provide options for patients. And as we've said, we'll start launching outside the U.S. with these presentations will -- which should provide additional capacity as well. And as I stated earlier, the manufacturing facilities in line already exists within Lilly for, for example, the vial production. We have those facilities. We don't need to construct new ones. So that provides us with the option to start with these as early as the end of this year and then going into next year.
Anat Ashkenazi: Yes. So Mohit, I would echo a few of the things I said earlier. I outlined the expansion we are going to be seeing in our manufacturing footprint across our portfolio. So it's not just to support the incretin portfolio. But certainly with the RTP site in North Carolina and Concord, they're both for -- to support our incretin portfolio. They're both large sites. We did not provide the specific quantities, but we said that once RTP comes online by the end of the year, we expect to double capacity from where we were last year. So just use that kind of as a reference point. Trulicity and Mounjaro as you know are -- both utilize the same auto-injector. So they run on the same platform. And these lines are interchangeable, which allows us to manage production plans across our sites based on where we want or need to produce a product or market demand, et cetera. So we're going to be expanding our internal footprint to support the incretin portfolio as well as continue to leverage external partners to supplement that capacity.
Anat Ashkenazi: Yes. So if we -- I think you were referring to the Part D redesign associated with removing the coverage gap, but I'll also mention the negotiation. I wouldn't necessarily look at what the dollar amount is. But rather, you're right, there are going to be varying degrees of impact on products based on how quickly they move through the catastrophic phase. So just to give an example from Lilly. If you're thinking about an oncology product where patients get to the catastrophic phase very quickly, there is probably an additional cost associated with that for us moving from the previous 70% coverage gap to the 10% participation in the initial phase and then 20% in the catastrophic phase. For other indications, it might be the opposite. So there is a mix there. But then important to think about the fact that given that patients are now going to have a limit of out-of-pocket when they get to the pharmacy counter, hopefully, that should improve adherence and compliance to medications, which should drive, obviously, better health outcomes for these patients, but also as we're thinking about medication kind of adherence. So there's going to be some pushes and pulls of that part of the IRA. The more significant one that I would refer to is the so-called negotiation that we have as part of that, that's going to come later in 2026 and 2028 with the first cohort of products to be announced this year. I think that could have quite a meaningful impact on the drugs that are going to be negotiated in terms of the price discounts that the government is going to arrive at as part of that process.
Daniel Skovronsky: Yes. Thanks, Steve, for your provocative question here. Actually, of course, we expect tirzepatide to show a very important benefit, I think, on the MMO study. There are several important differences as you're alluding to. I think for the most part, though, they run in the opposite direction as you're suggesting, which would indicate a potential for an even larger effect size for SURMOUNT MMO. The most important difference is the drug itself. Remember that tirzepatide is a GLP/GIP coagonist, and GIP has some very significant benefits on weight loss and metabolic health overall. We've seen that in a number of different trials and confirm that with some interesting experiments on GIP monotherapy as well. So given the properties of this drug, given the level of weight loss we've seen in previous trials, given the important effects on blood pressure, on lipid profiles and on other biomarkers that indicate lower cardiovascular risk, we should be very confident in the large effect size coming out of the MMO study. There are some differences in the population. Our study includes both primary and secondary cardiovascular risk population. We also have a different primary end point, although, of course, we have the MACE as a secondary end point. Our primary includes 2 other events related to cardiovascular risk. Other than that, I would say that many of the patient characteristics are going to be quite similar. Our study is obviously much earlier. And as an event-driven study, it's going to take some time to read out. I think you were also asking about what would be considered a victory here, and I think we'll just sort of wait and see the data and understand it as it comes but no reason to expect anything less than what we're seeing today.
Daniel Skovronsky: Yes, thanks for the question. Of course, there's been more attention on liver safety for orforglipron following the competitor announcement from Pfizer on 1 of their 2 oral GLP-1s. So we don't see any read-through from that. But of course, we've looked very carefully at liver safety. Maybe just starting at a high level, if you look at the supplementary data from the journal publication or you can see in the obese population that in terms of group averages, there's actually an improvement on liver enzymes with treatment of orforglipron. That's not surprising. We know that disease obesity is characterized in many patients by excess liver fat, which can cause inflammation and liver abnormalities. And when you reverse that, you see an improvement in liver function. Of course, when people come off the drug, they could get fat in their liver again and liver enzymes could go up. What we saw in this trial were a couple of patients scattered across arms, including placebo with excursions and liver enzymes, as you point out to -- I think there was one patient, with a bit of a higher excursion in liver enzymes on orforglipron that returned to normal levels while maintaining on therapy. That's generally not a pattern that we see in drugs that cause liver injury. But surely in Phase III, we'll keep an eye open for all possible safety consequences. I think I frequently caution investors on all of our molecules that Phase III is really the place where you can get surprised by any new safety findings. So we'll be watching liver safety closely, but not with any particularly heightened concern versus other adverse events that we'll also be watching carefully. This is a new molecule. This is the first time that we're exposing large, large numbers of patients to it for many years -- or many, many months, I should say, and we'll be monitoring safety carefully.
Daniel Skovronsky: Yes. Thanks, David. It's a very good question, of course, particularly today. We think we understand how the biomarkers from incretin therapy translate into cardiovascular benefits. Some of those biomarkers should be translatable to other mechanisms. But depending on how orthogonal those other mechanisms are, there could still be some uncertainty. One, I think, important understanding, though, is that obesity itself, including, I think, particularly where the fat is deposited in the body, so for example, virtual fat, particularly, is -- contributes to adverse health outcomes, including adverse cardiovascular outcomes. And therefore, reversing that should provide cardiovascular benefits across mechanisms. But obviously, when we get to orthogonal mechanisms, each one will need its own data to demonstrate that. Recently, our focus has been on mechanisms that could stack on top of incretin therapy to give additional benefits in which case there could be a good read-through from the incretin trough. Thanks, David.
