Ronika Pletcher: Thanks Derica, for Effient Q1 sales of $9 million showed modest growth over Q4 2009. However this included continued inventory reductions on the original stocking. We estimate inventory was reduced by $7 million in the first quarter. Sequential quarter total prescription growth was 124%. While uptick has been slower than planned we are encouraged by the recent demand trend. Currently new to brand share for Effient exceeds 8% of the total OAP market and has continued to show strong growth. New to brand trends reflect placement of approximately 1800 patients on Effient therapy per week. Current estimates of the approximately 16,000 PCI’s are conducted in the US per week.  Access continues to expand. Of targeted hospitals Effient is now on formulary and stocked in the cath lab in 75% of all accounts, up from 60% earlier this year leading our expectations. In addition payer formulary access continues to progress well. As of April 1st, examples of payers making positive decisions include express script, Medco, [inaudible], Healthnet, United Part D prescription solutions, and [inaudible] Therapeutics, as well as many other PBM’s and health plans.  Finally in the US we believe our focus on the high risk ACS PCI patients such as those with diabetes has gained traction in the market as market research suggests that this patient type is often cited as improved and which physicians feel Effient is an appropriate choice. Our sales force is well prepared to communicate these messages using promotional materials that incorporate feedback from [DD Mac].  In Europe despite the widespread availability of generic clopidogrel, we continue to achieve strong reimbursement and favorable pricing. Reimbursement covers 100% of the label population in most countries. It is important to highlight that following hospital formulary approval protocol inclusion is a critical step in the hospital access process across Europe.  In Germany Effient experienced a slower than expected start due to the complexity of the protocol inclusion and access process. However a clear account focus and intensified cath lab activities are accelerating access to formulary protocol inclusion and ultimately patient initiation.  As a result first quarter sales in Germany showed a 147% increase over Q4. Similarly in the UK PCI centers and primary care [inaudible] have made progress establishing formulary access and creating protocols. The 59 PCI centers with current formulary approval represents 75% of all PCI’s performed in the UK. As a result first quarter sales in the UK increased 190% over the previous quarter.  In the near-term we expect OUS sales growth to be bolstered by uptick in recently launched markets. Newly launched Effient in Australia in December of last year notably Effient was approved on its first submission in Australia and was listed for the full label population and length of therapy. We launched Effient in France in January and we’ve integrated learnings from the UK and Germany to drive quicker formulary access and protocol inclusion.  Most recently we launched Effient in Spain in late March, in Italy, early April. Remaining planned launches in 2010 include Canada and over 30 additional countries. In March Lilly entered into an exclusive worldwide licensing agreement for the commercialization of Acrux’s experimental underarm testosterone solution Axiron.  The product is currently under regulatory review by the FDA for the treatment of testosterone deficiency in men. In exchange for these rights, Acrux will receive and upfront payment of $50 million plus $3 million upon transfer of manufacturing assets. Acrux may also receive a milestone payment upon issuance of marketing authorization in the US and commercial milestones in royalties based upon global sales of Axiron.  We believe that Axiron will be a strong strategic fit for Lilly leveraging our experience in men’s health with Cialis to advance both the science and clinical outcomes for men with low testosterone. Axiron has the potential to be the first testosterone solution to be applied via an underarm applicator for patients who have testosterone deficiency.  We look forward to working with Acrux and the FDA during the regulatory review process. 
Ronika Pletcher: With regards to Byetta, what we’ve seen most recently is we have seen some share of market softening, but its largely stayed flat, that’s key. We have seen some very slight softening in the brand, and its specifically within the [endo’s] group and they’re trying to get clinical experience with the new drug, but in the long run we feel as though the growth of the GLP market actually drive more patient utilization of our Byetta BID and unfortunately when it comes time for our launch of our [Exentide or inaudible] we feel as though the market will be educated more broadly with regards to the GLP 1 class itself. 
Ronika Pletcher: With regards to Alimta sales in Japan we are really pleased with the uptick there. Keep in mind that we receive both the first line, second line indication approval at the same time. Unfortunately we don’t give specific sales estimates by product or by country but Alimta sales have been strong but we’ve also seen other products have fairly strong sales growth as well as mentioned in the call including Zyprexa, Humalog, Cialis, and Gemzar.  So we’ve very pleased with the Alimta progress in Japan. 
Ronika Pletcher: With regards to the other portion of your question specifically with regards to the patient assistance programs, we have said in the past that we did see an uptick in the patient assistance programs in 2009, we saw an uptick continue into the first quarter of 2010. All will transition as these pieces of the legislation are enrolled or activated, is yet to be seen. And we can’t say at this point will there be a direct offset with regards to the expense in the patient assistance program versus the expense incurred with regards to healthcare reform, that’s yet to be seen. 
Ronika Pletcher: With regards to the Cymbalta chronic pain, we are currently have always said and we’ve been consistently saying with [inaudible] as well that the FDA can schedule a review at any time. We have had discussions with the FDA and in those discussions our expectation is that a panel will be held in the second half of the year. We stand behind our data that we submitted.  We feel that its promising data. We’ve had other pain indications prior with regards to fibromyalgia and [DP-NP] so we stand behind that data and we’re prepared to address any of the questions of the panel if it occurs in the second half. And we’re ready to do so. 
Nick Lemen: Also in the first quarter Lilly and Boehringer Ingelheim terminated our agreement to jointly develop and commercialize duloxetine with Lilly purchasing BI’s interest in the compound. This termination means that excluding Japan, all rights to duloxetine for all indications will revert back to Lilly. Lilly paid $400 million upfront to BI. In addition BI will receive a royalty on sales through the end of 2012. Over the past few years we’ve been steadily building our animal health business, both through organic growth particularly in the large and growing companion animal segment and through acquisitions.  In 2007 we acquired [Ivy] Animal Health, in 2008 we acquired worldwide rights, to [Monsanto’s] dairy cow supplement [Posilac] and in March of this year we agreed to acquire European rights to certain of Pfizer’s animal health products. These products are used in both production and companion animals. These products also include vaccines, a new area for us and one we are poised to expand in the coming years with our own pipeline. To support our entry and future growth in vaccines, the [transic] action also included the acquisition of a vaccine manufacturing plant in Ireland. Detailed financial terms of this deal are not being disclosed. This deal is expected to close in Q2 pending regulatory approvals. Now I’ll provide an update on our pipeline. Our pipeline slide demonstrates changes since our January 21 earnings call as of April 12. The recent additions in progress of our compounds further underline our robust pipeline in both quantity and quality. Our clinical stage portfolio now stands at 68 distinct NME’s, including 30 compounds in Phase 2 and Phase 3. We continue to develop a robust biotech portfolio. Biotech molecules represent half our late stage Phase 2 and Phase 3 assets and over a third of our overall clinical portfolio. As we’ve said before advancing our pipeline is our number one priority. As reflected by the arrows on slide 20 since our last formal portfolio update, we have advanced four assets into Phase 1, one for anemia, two for cancer and one for pain, promoted one asset to Phase 2, our Basal insulin for diabetes, added Axiron for testosterone deficiency, and finally one Phase 1 schizophrenia asset was terminated.  So while the patent expirations of the coming years will hit us hard, we have eight molecules in Phase 3 today and we anticipate at least 10 molecules in Phase 3 by 2011, if not sooner, with more coming behind. We expect that this will position us to launch two novel molecules per year beginning in 2013 providing a foundation for future growth.  We’ve seen encouraging progress in our late stage pipeline. Our Alzheimer’s program continue to enroll ahead of schedule. We completed enrollment of our first Phase 3 trial for Semagacestat, our [inaudible] inhibitor last year and will complete enrollment on the second Phase 3 study this month.  We’ve also exceeded 50% enrollment on one of the Phase 3 studies for Solanezumab, our [inaudible] antibody and are closing in on 50% enrollment for the second Phase 3 study. We completed enrollment on the Phase 3 prelude trial evaluating Enzastaruin for diffused large B cell lymphoma. We also initiated our Phase 3 award program for our GLP-1Fc assets in the first quarter and we have Phase 2 data on NERI for depression, both as a mono therapy and for augmentation and are moving forward with our plans to initiate Phase 3 in the first half of 2011. We plan to present this data at a scientific conference in the future. This concludes our prepared remarks, and now we will open the call for the Q&A session. 
Nick Lemen: The current data disclosure planned for the JAK-1/JAK-2 inhibitor is to present the six-month data from the ongoing Phase 2 at ACR in November of 2010. We also believe that Incyte will share an update on the progress of that trial in the first half of this year. 
Nick Lemen: We estimated the sales of the Pfizer animal health product were about 60 million euros in 2009. We anticipate that revenue could come down due to competitive pressures over the next several years. 
Derica Rice: Let me try to address both, in regards to the healthcare reform impact the aggregate numbers that we provided of $350 to $400 million impact in 2010 and the $600 to $700 million in 2011, that’s the level that we’re comfortable disclosing at this time. We do not have plans to disclose the pieces of that in terms of breaking it down into the element of the excise tax versus the Medicaid rebates.  Now my rationale behind that is that there is still for some of the elements of the healthcare legislation still being discussed and still to be further defined, especially around the excise tax as it relates to the composition of sales and whether it will be branded sales, and so forth. So, it would be premature to try to get to that level of detail at this stage.  But we did try to provide to you all at an aggregate level what we think in totality the range of impact could be. In regards to our emerging market strategy in fact we are quite active in that space in terms of trying to take advantage of the opportunities in those geographies. Clearly in China, marked by China, Brazil and Turkey where we have a great presence, but we’re not just looking at exercising those opportunities on a commercial basis, we’re also taking advantage on R&D. So, for example we are increasing both our R&D and manufacturing presence in China. We’ve actually doubled the size of our sales organization in China over the last 12 months to take advantage of our diabetes and [CNS] and oncology portfolio there. So, while it may not be I guess as transparent to the marketplace we are employing a lot of different efforts and strategies there to take advantage of that marketplace. However, and if you look at our price rate volume slide, that gives you some idea if you’re looking at the rest of the world at what we are able to achieve in those markets today. 
Derica Rice: There is also as you look at Lilly relative to some of our pharmaceutical peers there’s also a product mix aspect in there as well. So, products like Zyprexa that’s heavily Medicaid weighted obviously has a disproportionate impact on Lilly maybe versus some of our peers. And so you can see that over time how the, as our portfolio mix changes then the impact of healthcare reform on Lilly will also change. 
Derica Rice: In regards to the healthcare reform impact in 2011 and the excise tax, the impact of that would be shown as a reduction to net sales is what we are anticipating at this time. [inaudible] another item that’s still to be resolved, but at this stage that’s the assumption that we’re making. 
Derica Rice: If you think about the geographical mix that for us to achieve 57% overall growth for Alimta globally says that it has to be driven by more than just the Japanese marketplace. 
Derica Rice: First of all I’m not sure where the $300 million number that you threw out because as it relates to 2007 we haven’t provided that level—
Derica Rice: In regards to the bottom line offset we, while we’ve been obviously all anticipating that there could be some form of healthcare reform in the US we had already begun our activities in terms of having to restructure our business and make sure that we’re accounting for the expected declining margins. So if you go back to September of last year when we announced that we were looking to reduce our headcount by another 5500, as well as also save an additional billion dollars by the end of 2011, we are far down the road in achieving some of those outcomes.  Today we’ve taken out about 1500 of the 5500 and we’ve made considerable progress in terms of our billion dollar savings goals. So we feel very good there. The impact that you’re seeing us talk about here on the call primarily only relates to the top line impact both in 2010 and 2011.
Derica Rice: In regards to the channel accrual it’s a small portion of the charge that we are talking about for both 2010 full year as well as the $62 million we’ve talked about for Q1. 
Derica Rice: What we said is that we did a broad range because there’s, for 2011, because there’s still some quite dynamic pieces in there especially around the excise tax as well as the donut hole that we were articulating earlier. So that’s why we focused primarily on the range of the $600 to $700 million in terms of the sales impact. 
Derica Rice: But recall in our SG&A in Q1 we did see about a three percentage point impact in our SG&A growth in Q1 due to the movement in foreign exchange and that was three percentage point increase. 
Derica Rice: Thanks Phil, let me just try to close today’s session with some over-arching remarks. First of all we’ve had a very good start to 2010 and it was highlighted by volume driven revenue growth. We’ve had substantial leverage on a performance basis which drove operating income to grow faster than our revenue and we’ve also seen significant improvement in other income as we highlighted.  Now excluding the effect of the US healthcare reform, this strong financial performance has positioned us to raise the top end of our 2010 EPS guidance by $0.05 and the bottom end by $0.10. This strong financial performance also provides the resources we need to strengthen and progress our pipeline and engage in business development and pay out dividends.  In fact, in the past three months we’ve completed three more business development deals, we’ve made significant progress on products such as [Bydurion] and our Alzheimer’s drugs, [inaudible], [inaudible], GLP-1Fc, and our Basal insulin. And as, all the while we’ve initiated Phase 1 trials for four new molecules.  Now while the US healthcare reform clearly provides a near-term challenge, we are confident our innovation-based strategy will create value for patients, payers, and shareholders. We’re focused on advancing our pipeline to deliver on our strategy and we believe that our pipeline will enable us to launch two new novel molecules per year beginning in 2013 and return us to growth after the year’s [inaudible]. I want to thank you for taking your time this morning to allow us to update you on Eli Lilly and Company and we greatly appreciate your interest in our company. And as always we’ll keep you informed on our progress and have a great day.
Phil Johnson: Just qualitatively on healthcare reform, the larger element would likely be given what we know today, the fee that will be assessed on the industry and our portion of that, the impact in Medicaid of the higher minimum rebate from 15.1% to 23.1% and the extension of that Medicaid fee for service pricing into the managed Medicaid book of business, still a negative impact but less would be things like the 340B expansion.  So that gives a little bit of color while we’re not in a position however to give specific numbers for each one of those line items. 
Phil Johnson: In terms of the Effient messaging, as we discussed in the past we’ve continued to be very focused on the patient population that seem to have the best risk benefit from the drug and in particular for example diabetics is one area where we’re clearly focusing on to ensure the initial physician experience is positive.  We do detail to the full label that we have, but would highlight some of those areas where we have the strongest risk benefit. 
Phil Johnson: There certainly would be, we had very strong volume growth in the US, in Japan, and in the aggregate of the other markets worldwide, all three of those broad geographies had very solid growth and frankly in terms of dollars, probably a similar kind of magnitude. 
Phil Johnson: If you remember from the last couple of annual investment community update meetings, we’ve been talking about Japan, while it is a mature market, being one that given the timing of launch of various products and line extensions, should provide some counter [typical] growth for us relative to what we would see in the coming years in the US and Europe and I think you’re seeing essentially the beginning part of that trend that we had been talking about for the last couple of years. 
Phil Johnson: I guess a couple of other things just to provide some additional color in terms of the benefit, potential benefit coming from additional patient utilization as pharma companies help fill the donut hole, there are two components that we’ve looked at. There’s one that we have quantified and put in some potential upside for and that is a few more individuals actually getting through the donut hole as opposed to stopping treatment under the current reimbursement scheme. Frankly there’s not a huge percentage currently because [inaudible] example and probably the one we have the biggest issue in our portfolio we estimated about 15% to 30% at most of patients stop treatment as they hit the donut hole. Some of that you just might expect from normal compliance. Some of it could be financially related. So there could be a slight benefit there but its not a large impact. The other one that I’ve heard a number of people on the street discuss is our doctors currently not putting patients on medications because they’re quite sure they won’t be able to afford them, and they don’t want to start them to have them have partial treatment. Early market research would indicate that you need to have a more substantial closing of the donut hole to make a significant impact in that particular area. The other thing for the 21 months, just to give you the math as well to make it easy on you, September we completed enrollment in the first trial 21 months from that date would be approximately June of 2011. If we complete enrollment as Nick said which we plan to here in April on the second trial, that takes you up to January of 2012. As we’ve discussed in the past its very likely that we will hold off on announcing results from the first trial until we have both trials actually closed. We can preserve the data integrity of all the data from the second trial as well. 
Phil Johnson: There’s a very small amount that’s in the net estimate that we’ve put together for the donut hole but it is a net cost clearly. 
Phil Johnson: Some of that may come into play more in the 2014 period or if states elect to adopt early the expansion for example of the criteria for inclusion into Medicaid, but likely not a short-term effect that we would see. 
Phil Johnson: We’ll need to follow-up on your first question, we don’t have the data that you’re asking about. For the Basal insulin GLP combo clearly we’ve seen a number of companies talking about moving forward with, some of these kinds of programs. There’s currently nothing that we’ve discussed publically and we’ll continue to monitor this space and see what the best way is for the GLP’s to become a very significant portion of the treatment for type 2 diabetics. If you heard from our past comments we continue to feel that the GLP’s will be over time a very significant player in the treatment of type 2 diabetes. The profile for example that we show which is [Zenatide] once weekly compares to essentially all of the major current therapies is extremely promising, very strong [inaudible] control, very good profile, initial things that we’ve seen in terms of [CB] risk and definitely compared to some of the other drugs like insulins, low risk of hypoglycemia make it something that we think would be a very significant drug in the treatment of type 2 diabetes going forward.  
Phil Johnson: In terms of the foreign exchange changing the guidance for some elements in that other, we talked in the past about the foreign exchange having a larger effect on revenue, a similar effect probably on SG&A but not quite as large. I think you can take by the fact that we’re moving the revenue guidance and not the SG&A guidance, but probably its was close enough to begin to tip it so we had some possibilities of being in that lower range on the revenue side and we’re still within the range on the SG&A side.  And then for R&D, R&D has a much lower exposure given where we actually have the spend to changes in foreign exchange rates. 
Phil Johnson: I want to thank you all for your questions, before I turn it over to Derica, just remind you that today also is our Annual Shareholder Meeting. So Ronika, Nick, and I will be available for your questions later. We will probably be out though between 11:00 and 12:00 at the Shareholder Meeting so apologize if we have any delays in getting back to you.
Dr. Jan Lundberg: First of all being a newcomer to Lilly I’m very pleased that Lilly has these two Phase 3 trials in a very high medical need area. The first component, the [inaudible], the two trials identity one and two, are planned to be completed in June, 2012. In reality it is 21 months after the last patient enrollment. The second one, Solanezumab, the antibody, expedition one and two trials are also coming in the same timeframe, the date currently is July, 2012, 18 months after the last patient enrollment. 
Dr. Jan Lundberg: We have seen recent Phase 1 data on the Basal insulin product and we are very pleased to have a flat 24 hours profile on glucose levels. There was very little variability in glucose levels and the very acceptable safety. So now we have just entered a larger study in Phase 2 clinical testing. I don’t want to comment about the timeline specifically, I’ll just say that we are very excited about this program. 
Dr. Jan Lundberg: In the Alzheimer area there is a key need to identify the right patient which have been the type of [ameloide] disease that we believe the majority of Alzheimer patients would have but certainly some dementia are likely to be caused by other factors such as more vascular problems in the brain. So from the standpoint of the current therapies, I think we need the [ameloide] diagnostics to be combined with Alzheimer’s treatments and preferably to do that as early as possible in the lifespan of the Alzheimer’s disease.  So I assume the readouts for these first two programs will guide us actually how early do we need to treat an Alzheimer patient and also for how long. I also see a great interest in the evolution of diagnostics for the Alzheimer area specifically then to have some additional markets and recognition to in time realize when there is a need then to treat further [ameloide] accumulation. 
