Phil Johnson: Great. Thank you, Derica. Leah [ph], if you could provide instructions for the Q&A session we'll get started with caller's questions.
Phil Johnson: Great, John. Thanks for the questions. You got a good smattering of the management team involved here so let's see, Sue, if you'll start off talking about Japan Cyramza, how we'll proceed in that, any update we've got on pricing there? We'll stick with Japan and move over to Enrique for comments on Trulicity including the recently announced partnership for the commercialization of the product there. Dave, for the CG3 monoclonal antibody questions and then John for the two last questions on repatriation and tax reform. So, Sue, please start.
Phil Johnson: Mark, thanks for the question. So, John, if you'll start off and then we'll go to Dave for the ixekizumab question.
Phil Johnson: Great, Gregg. Thanks for the questions. So we'll start off with Dave on the first question. We may see if Eric has something he'd like to add since he's been out at AAIC. And then to Chito on the China question and Derica for the wholesaler inventory impact in the quarter.
Phil Johnson: I know were getting close to the bottom of the hour but I believe we've got one more caller. We're happy to take that question before wrapping up the call.
Phil Johnson: Great. Fantastic. Thanks, Vamil. So, Jeff, you'll start us off and we'll shift over to Dave for the PCSK9 question and finish up with Derica.
David Ricks: Sure. Yeah, Seamus, thanks for the question on anacetrapib. What we've said in the past is we're powered to show the effect size on LDL alone. And so your range there is about right. I don't think we've got into the exact number of events and I would remind the investors we extended the trial by six months, which is part of our Q1 communication, which actually adds to the event total that we'll see. So in a sense that may increase the powering of the study although not markedly. So the study was designed to show an effect on LDL alone. Using the Oxford curve [ph] that we've seen play out through time we estimate about a 30% reduction in LDL so thus the mid-teens [indiscernible] outcome and that is looking at the quintuple endpoint. We also have a minimal threshold for the triple hard end points of death, MI, and stroke. And we believe we have ample events now as we look at the data coming in mid-next year.
David Ricks: Great. Thanks, Tim, for the questions. I'll try to handle these and if I get in trouble my experts also online can help. First, regarding the data we showed yesterday on the Expedition Ext or extension study, this is a very long-term set of data with the drug effect in Alzheimer's. And I think we're pleased to see that the safety of the product continues to look very good in this population. We're happy that the delayed start impact we had hoped to see was displayed and that the later patients coming on to sola after the 18-month blinded period did in fact not catch up as tested statistically but also numerically visible and that the treatment effect appeared to persist. So on the back of that though it's important to note that, that's only important if Expedition 3is positive. This does not represent a basis for submission or - because it's not a blinded assessment. But I think those are encouraging signs for us. And as you know and we've said many times on calls like this, we think included a number of features in Expedition 3, which give us a good shot to really thoroughly test the question of solanezumab in mild patients including your question on PET screening. So I'll jump to that, which is we believe it's essential to eliminate from these studies and in clinical practice to screen for amyloid in patient who have dementia to really define the underlying cause. Of course that's consistent with Alzheimer's disease versus other types of dementia. Right now Amyvid is available commercially in the U.S. and many European markets. It is not a major product for us today. As you know it's not reimbursed by CMS in the U.S. for instance. I would frame this I guess in three ways. It's useful for patients, for treators, and for our company. Why is - sales would be expected to increase of Amyvid should disease modifying agents become available including solanezumab because I expect most of those labels and/or payer requirements will force patients to have confirmed amyloidosis to be eligible. That's good news, but probably still wouldn't be a massive undertaking in terms of revenue impact for the company. But it's also important to look at the PET capabilities we have in two other frames. One is as a drug development tool. And really operationally being able to manage a clinical network a site that has ready access to the Amyvid PET has really helped us enroll studies quickly and make sure that we can scan patients in a timely way, keep them in the study, and synchronize that complicated machine that allows us to get Expedition 3done for instance, and future studies like the base program with AZ. And then finally and particularly for something like our Tau Tracer, which is in Phase II, these are very useful drug discovery and scientific tools to help us accelerate and make good decisions about earlier phase Alzheimer's programs. So these are really essential parts of our total Alzheimer's vision and we'll talk more about that in December at our Investor Meeting focused on Alzheimer's.
David Ricks: Yeah. So on CGRP we're excited about this program. As was announced today we did initiate the cluster programs in both chronic and episodic in Q2. We don't have an exact timing at this point for the readout. It's enrollment dependent, John. But we would hope to be able to enroll those studies rapidly given the unmet need and then be able to submit those to regulators as quickly as possible. We'll give updates as we begin to see a little bit more rate on that and you can look at ClinicalTrials.gov, which we update religiously on these points. That is one of the sources of differentiation we might see for our program versus others, which is indications. At this point I just want to emphasize that there's a big market. There's about 14 million migrainers who could benefit from a preventative just in the U.S. and CGRP neutralization appears to have a very profound and so far looks relatively safe method for alleviating the suffering from this condition. So there's probably room for a number of players. Really we're going to have to wait to see the Phase III programs play out and often things like dose selection and frequency, et cetera will be different. And we'll see who comes up with the best data package at the end. Right now we're focused on execution and getting in the clinic with the Phase III program in the coming months and are excited by the recent Phase II readout we saw.
David Ricks: Yeah. So Mark, thanks for the question on Ixekizumab was mentioned in the call text we submitted in the U.S. and Europe and shortly in Japan and other major markets. We're excited about the program. In terms of our assets, that's what we're focused on, which is we see a drug here that is providing a whole new threshold of efficacy for patients suffering from moderate to severe plaque psoriasis. We've reported PAZ-100 [ph] as high as 40% and PAZ-90 [ph] in sort of unprecedented range as well. So we think we've got a great asset and we had a special call in June about this and answered a number of questions about the psychiatric safety and as we said then, we don't see an imbalance numerically or statistically across arms, whether they be active comparators or the two doses of Ixekizumab. So we're proceeding through the regulatory process. Of course, we need to get through that with all the caveats. In terms of the market opportunity in psoriasis, depending on how you count it with PSA or not, I think people would say there's a $4 billion to $6 billion opportunity right now globally and I would just point out that in our estimates less than the treatment rate with biologics in moderate to severe plaque psoriasis is probably less than half of RA. So there's just a huge amount of possibility for growth of biologics as a class in the space. Our vision for that is that the newer, more effective therapies will be a great way to drive interesting greater treatment in dermatology community. We think patients will demand it through time and the caveat there is of course, the normal access and regulatory processes are what stands between us and that opportunity. We don't know what will happen with the former Amgen asset. We're focused on our program and we think there's ample growth for a number of assets in psoriasis and we like our product.
David Ricks: Yeah. As it relates to the question of, I guess, the final endpoint displayed in the cooled mild EXPEDITION 1 and 2, two-and-a-half years ago, versus what was displayed yesterday, you're right, there is a small difference. I think that you mentioned it there. In terms of what those absolute numbers are and the difference, the reason for this, and I'll try to put this in very lay terms, is the statistical technique that is both preferred by the FDA sort of by consensus and we use in Alzheimer's studies is called MMRM. It's different from other techniques you may have seen like LOCF. What it does is it relies on all the data available to estimate the missing data. And this technique is thought to reduce type I error. That's what the FDA prefers. It's a technique we used in both assessments that you're referring to. Because the second assessment includes more data, that is the continuing patients, the number does move around slightly. The core data underneath it is identical. That data was locked in 2012, and it's the same data. What we're doing is estimating missing data using this statistical technique. So I'm not sure there's much news or read through with that but if you'd like to learn more, Steve, we could set up the background on why that occurs. The bottom line take away is I think the same that there is a meaningful difference at the end of the 18 months, and that difference persisted through the open label extension.
David Ricks: Yeah. Good question on Expedition 3. We've designed this to be a stand-alone pivotal study to support registration of solanezumab in Alzheimer's patients. In terms of the exact claims underneath that, the FDA themselves have admitted they've been vague and it's a moving landscape because the science is moving so fast in Alzheimer's, I'm aware of two clear statements they've made and I think yesterday's data supports one of them, which would be in addition to a marked change, a clinically relevant change in ADAS-Cog and in the ADL measures, or some composite thereof to support disease modification they said they would look at supportive data in a delayed start format. And I think the speaker yesterday spoke about that. They have a very elegant trial design they proposed. No one's actually ever conducted such a thing. Our data, which is a sort of delayed start is helpful in that regard. Tony, that's how I would describe it and then they've also spent a lot of time talking about biomarkers and, of course, unlike other fields we don't yet have a validated biomarker for disease progression in Alzheimer's. And we are conducting a sub-study in Expedition 3 using our tao tracer. We see this as a very important part of not only expedition 3 program potentially to support disease modification and other claims for solanezumab but also to advance the fields understanding of how tao progression maps to cognitive decline in people with confirmed amyloid, which we don't have that data today. So we'll have to wait and see on the specific claims. Of course, we've got a lot of irons in the fire to support solanezumab in that regard but regulator in the whole field is moving rather rapidly here. So it's difficult to predict. On bemaciclib and the JAK1/JAK2 and what is I guess you're saying theoretical basis why it could be better than anti-TNF, the bottom line is we're running that experiment and we will see that experiment readout in the fall. And we're really going to have to wait to see whether bemaciclib could be better than a TNF or equal to, which is the first test we'll run. There are lots of plausible explanations why it could happen. JAK1/JAK2 signaling and we continue to point this out that JAK2 signaling is important to have an IL-6 like effect as well as GM [ph] CSF, both of which we have human data validating those targets in RA. Whether that yields better than TNF, which is a quite different target is the test we're running.
David Ricks: Yeah, on - so on what we will expect to - starting with yesterday and until the end of the Expedition 3 study is, there will be some scholarly articles and other data coming out on the original Expedition 1 and 2, including the Pool of Mild's [ph] paper we do expect to come out. Also I had a - there was an interesting presentation yesterday, looking at the amyloid changes using a more modern and accepted method, which did show a difference between active and placebo, so these types of reanalysis and additional data filling out the picture from 1 and 2 will continue. But the big data readout, Expedition 3, which we guide people to really focus on won't happen until after the last patient visit and data analysis, last patient visit we project Q4 of 2016. And we have made the decision just to communicate it formally that we will not conduct an interim analysis for EXPEDITION 3 so we will run the trial to completion. Enrollment went so quickly in that trial. There's very little time and benefit for us to go ahead and garner from doing the early read. We'll look the trial play out and preserve all the powering for the final readout at the end.
David Ricks: Yeah. On PCSK9 there's really no update from the last call where we have the question. We have our phase 2 data complete, we're looking at our strategic options for this program recognizing there's three competitors ahead of us and we would want to see differentiation or perhaps look for other options to have them all move forward.
Susan Mahoney: Yeah. And with regards to Olaratumab, so the size of the market, it's about 11,900 patients who are diagnosed with soft tissue sarcoma in the U.S. For drug treatment there's about 5,800 and U.S. And then O-U.S. about 5,000 again. I think the important thing here is that there really hasn't been anything approved or shown an overall survival advantage in about three decades in this tumor type. So it's a big unmet need and we're very excited by the data that we have and the opportunity to bring Olaratumab hopefully to patients. So we have announced that we'll be filing based on discussions with the FDA in the U.S. and we also anticipate doing that in Europe too. We also are planning to initiate a Phase III study over the next few months in Q3 and to do some pediatric studies. So I have to say we're excited about the opportunity with this molecule.
Susan Mahoney: Yeah. Sure. Okay. With Cyramza we actually launched Cyramza on the 22 of June and we do see this as a really good opportunity for Cyramza given the unmet need there is in Japan and given the number of patients who are treated in Japan with gastric cancer. We estimate about 16,000 patients in Japan are treated in the second line gastric versus about 6,000, 4,000 to 6,000 in the U.S. So the opportunity there is great. The feedback that we've got from thought leaders is good and the initial feedback from the sales force again is very positive. So it's early days, 22nd of June launch. We did get a slight sales buy-in but clearly we'll be tracking the sales going forward. From a price perspective, yes, we have got the price. The bar price for the 500-milligram is ¥355,000 and for the 100-milligram is about ¥75,000. So we'll give you the exact details on that but we feel good about the price we've got in Japan.
Susan Mahoney: Okay. And with Cyramza in the U.S. we're actually seeing a good uptake in both gastric and in lung. As we look at gastric, I mean, we launched the single agent indication earlier last year. So the majority we used last year with single agent, then towards the end of last year we launched the combo and we're seeing more uptake in combination. With gastric prior to the regard data there wasn't anything approved in the U.S. in the second line treatment of gastric cancer. So clearly we're seeing this as all people are seeing this as an advance and we're seeing a good uptake, good feedback so far about the experience that people are having as well. In lung, we launched earlier this year, and we again are seeing good uptake in the second line post platinum patients. We see these as very two different opportunities with the lung indication being much larger but clearly it's going to be more competitive. The feedback we're getting is positive, about 40% of our sales in Q2 came from lung indication and we continue to see a good opportunity to continue to grow in lung as well as to expanding gastric going forward.
Enrique Conterno: Sure. So as we look at our diabetes business, there were a number of one-time events that are impacting the quarter-to-quarter results and I thought first I would say that the underlying business fundamentals are good, not just when it comes to volume. But we've not seen any significant changes when it comes to contracting or additional price pressures over and above what we're seeing before. Let me speak to Humalog for a second. In Q2 of last year, we had a significant adjustment related to, positive adjustment related to managed Medicaid. That was about five points in terms of the impact when we look at the compare of Q2 of 2015 versus Q2 of 2014. We had a little bit of de-stocking also in the U.S. as we look at Q2. But as we look at the business fundamentals, we continue to feel good about our prospects. We also have some anomalies when it comes to Tradjenta and in this particular case there were two important adjustments that have been made over the last year or so. We made an adjustment in Q3 of 2014 that basically, a negative adjustment in Q3 of 2014 for Tradjenta sales because we had not accrued enough when it comes to our rebates. We were getting more of our business coming from Medicare than we had initially estimated. And then in Q2 of 2015, in Q2 of 2015 we had a negative adjustment. In essence we had overstated some of our sales in the first half of 2014 and we have in a certain way understated our sales in the first half of 2015. To make this simpler the bottom line is if we were to normalize for some of these onetime effects and we were to reassign the accruals to the right quarter, our net sales would be growing in the case of Tradjenta in the U.S. about 15%. Clearly we have a very significant volume growth.
Enrique Conterno: Sure. As we have said before when it comes to Trulicity overall expansion of the GLP-1 class is critical for us. Just to quote a few numbers in the U.S. when we look at new patient growth that number is now close to 50%, five zero, when we look at four weeks year-on-year or 13 weeks year-on-year. So we're clearly very pleased with that. When it comes to Japan, this is even more true just because in Japan the GLP-1 class has the lowest penetration in Type II diabetes of any major market. Now for us to accomplish this we have decided to partner with Dainippon Sumitomo in order to give us to have the appropriate reach when it comes to the small clinics. And this is going to be critical for us.
Enrique Conterno: Sure. It's difficult to speculate when it comes to the payer environment on diabetes but I think it's helpful for us to be able to look back because that means, because that was the first class in diabetes that was under pressure when it comes to the narrowing of formularies. And that started sometime in 2009. Through this period from 2009 to today what we have been able to see is that Humalog, we've been able to have fairly stable net prices for Humalog over this period. If anything, they are slightly up but clearly not much. So I would say that yes it is likely that there's going to be narrowing of formularies in other segments in the diabetes space. But I do not expect a significantly different behavior when it comes to some of the net prices and Humulin insulin actually behaved. So that's basically what I would offer there.
Enrique Conterno: Steve, we expect to see the data this quarter, to see the data soon. As we have said, once we have the opportunity to see the data, we will issue a top line press release with the results. We are planning to showcase those results in September at EASD, but that's as much as I can share right now.
Enrique Conterno: Yeah, it's a great question. I think going into the meeting, we wondered ourselves whether this would be interesting just to clinical trial gurus or geeks or whatever you want to say or whether it would have more of a broad interest and I think the interest was fairly broad and I think there's maybe two major reasons for that. One is that just by showing these delayed start results, I think it was in a sense supporting what we initially showed in the placebo-controlled period. Now, of course, that was a secondly outcome we always worry about those a little bit, but these delayed start results would actually add to the weight of evidence that those results in face, we hope will be replicated in Expedition 3. The other piece is that this whole concept of disease modification has been discussed is something where the science is evolving. There has been fairly good agreement, including by regulators, that this delayed start design can provide evidence of disease modification and I think the data were really accepted as evidence of that. Again, it's a secondary analysis from Expedition and Expedition 2, but I think it gives us some real confidence that we'll see very similar results in Expedition 3 and that's one strong piece of evidence of disease modification.
Enrique Conterno: Sure. So we are pleased with the progress that we've made with both Trulicity and Jardiance. We now have about 70% access when we look at commercial access in the U.S., and about 30% being Part B with Trulicity. As I shared earlier, I think for us, a key to be able to get long-term value for this product is to ensure the GLP-1 class is growing, and we clearly see a significant acceleration of the GLP-1 class. In the case of Jardiance, the situation is similar. When it comes to - continue to basically get asked this. I would say that we have, differently from the GLP-1 class, we have seen a slowdown, significant slowdown when it comes to the HCLT-2 [ph] class, when it comes to new patient starts this year, so that's something that we're watching of course very closely. And it is difficult to speculate on what relative share of the benefit, disproportionate benefit will we get on, if we were to have a positive CV [ph] outcomes result. Clearly this is going to provide a lift to the entire class, and we do expect that we're going to get a disproportionate share of that benefit, how much I think is difficult to say.
Jan Lundberg: I think we are seeing several antibodies having more or less similar results, which I think is encouraging for the class as such. And the studies have been somewhat different in relation to the number of migraine headache days that has been the focus. Some studies have been episodic classical definition of 4 to 14, others have been 8 to 14 and there could potentially be a difference of the effects of these agents depending on how many migraine days you have. But I think overall we are very encouraged about this class for this large indication in all aspects.
Jan Lundberg: Yeah. Well in relation to the ARIA signal that was reported, I think first it's clear that Biogen has much more of that than solanezumab which I think is a key difference right now. Secondly, it was claimed that you can treat through it. On the other hand, Biogen also had dropouts I think to a large extent in the trial so it still needs to be seen in a larger situation than in phase 3 whether it really holds true and my view is that if you have an agent that doesn't have very much of this that, that's a competitive advantage for solanezumab. If you look at the types then of monomer AD antibodies versus plaque antibodies, we have both two selective agents then in Lily. Solanezumab targets then the monomer AD which is then a precursor in a way to the plaque. We have an agent in phase 1 called N3pG which is a pyroglutamate plaque specific antibody. And in preclinical experiments we have seen as a monotherapy for N3pG very good clearance then of amyloid deposits in transgenic models than of Alzheimer's disease in mice and it's even more efficacious if you combine it with an oral base inhibitor while you more or less have a total clearance of amyloid from these mice brains. What we also have seen in the preclinical experiments for N3pG the plaque specific antibody that did not give micro hemorrhage which is kind of related to the ARIA signal out to brain edema that the Alzheimer patients have. So we hope that we could have a plaque specific antibody with less impact then on the brain edema than what we currently see with a Biogen molecule.
Jan Lundberg: It's evident in immuno-oncology that we've seen the first generation of single agents then, like the PD-1 and PD-L1. And we are part of the second generation coming, when we are combining, for instance, different checkpoints inhibitors into bio-specific antibodies. And we also are very keen to activate T cells in a more specific way using the Immunocore technology. So I think we are just seeing the first door open in the immuno-oncology field and there is very much more to do.
John Lechleiter: John, thanks for your question. I think speaking for Lilly in terms of the potential for tax reform, we're encouraged by many of the recent soundings that have come from Washington. We've been for as long as I've been CEO and I'm sure before that advocating for corporate tax reform. We have an uncompetitive tax system in this country. It puts American companies at a disadvantage. It actually discourages investment in the United States. So we would be very anxious to see a system that takes a territorial approach to taxation and as part of that if we enable some repatriation, obviously we would be broadly in favor of that. The devil is always the details but we're hopeful that short of comprehensive tax reform that current events the impetus for the Highway Trust Fund, et cetera might spur action here. And we're more than ready and willing to participate in a constructive discussion.
John Lechleiter: Okay. Jami, I'll start off. Thanks for the question. I think what we called out at the beginning of the year was our sentiment favoring deals done at ever earlier stages. I think this is not inconsistent with the trend you see in the industry. I think in terms of later-stage deals or maybe even larger-size deals, we're going to be guided first and foremost by the therapeutic categories where we've chosen to compete. And again I think we sort of outlined that quite distinctly at the beginning of the year. That would be diabetes, oncology, and neurodegeneration with emerging interest and presence in pain and in autoimmune disease, again depending on the outcomes of clinical studies. Obviously we filed ixekizumab. We fully intend to move into that psoriasis angle from an autoimmune perspective once we gain approval for that molecule. So if you go back and you look at the deals we've done since I became CEO in 2008, the ones that stand out obviously are ImClone. We think we can have as many as three molecules from that then existing ImClone portfolio that will eventually be on the pharmacy shelf that augmented and supplemented a presence we already had in oncology. The second biggest deal in that period of time was the Novartis Animal Health. We have been buyers, obviously, on the animal health side going back at least to the deal with Monsanto to acquire BST in the middle of the last decade. We very clearly aim to continue to build that business both through organic and inorganic means. I mean in between you have a variety of smaller deals. Abbott is a good example is a good example of a unique opportunity we saw to acquire technology that as Dave said earlier gives us a real boost and I think a competitive advantage in the Alzheimer's space. I think in terms of thinking about what the magnitude of something Lilly might consider, I think the Novartis ImClone deals kind of define that. At the same time we're not anxious to go out and pay inflated prices for the hot property of the moment. There's a bit of a, I think a bit of a bubble right now with respect to valuations on some of the smaller companies or the smaller entities in biotech. And I think it's better use of our, better for our shareholders and better use of our shareholder's equity to focus and foremost on our internal efforts, which are quite strong and I think quite robust in all these therapeutic areas and which we'll continue to augment and supplement aggressively by these earlier stage partnerships.
John Lechleiter: Okay. With respect to a lot of media attention and political kind of attention to the price point for cancer drugs, look, I think first and foremost up to the point where we have data, which does not include this year, we did a study that dates back to last year looking at the proportion of drug spend as part of total, the cost of total cancer care. It's remained remarkably consistent over a long period of time. So put another way, while today we hear a lot about the cost of cancer medicine, I'm not sure I've ever heard anybody complain about the cost of that long stay in the hospital that many of our drugs, these cancer drugs, help to minimize or to eliminate and that's because hospital stays are covered by insurance. I think the question is what's the cost to the patient and how can we ensure that more patients have access, affordable access, to cancer medicine just like they've got through their insurance policies affordable access today to other forms of care that are required for people with cancer. In terms of how we look at this in the long haul, I think we're going to have to wait and see how this plays out. We're already seeing in many of these classes two or more competitors emerging. We know in other classes of medicines, the diabetes would be one example we're familiar with, we see intense competition that has resulted in lower net effective prices based on negotiations that we must undertake with payers and insurers in that space. Obviously we haven't sort of seen that play out in quite the same way in oncology, but I think we should be encouraging innovation because innovation begets competition rather than discouraging innovation by threatening things like price cast et cetera. For a cancer patient, cancer medicines, particularly some of these new what you might call breakthrough therapies that we all know about, represent the highest quality and most medically effective approach we have in our material of any other intervention. So the calling these out for being simply based on price fails to look at the incredible value that these drugs bring, not in terms of avoiding or minimizing other system costs, but in terms of getting patients that precious additional time and quality of life that is so important.
John Lechleiter: Sure, Phil. We appreciate your participation in today's earnings call and your interest in our company. We've received a positive feedback on the recent calls we hosted to discuss our diabetes business and late stage data from two key molecules in our Biomedicines business. They're sitting there [indiscernible]. So building on that experience, we plan to host an investor event in Boston, as Jeff mentioned, on Tuesday, December 8 to highlight to other areas of our business that obviously are generating significant investor interest and that's Alzheimer's and Animal Health. So we hope the information we share at this upcoming events will be likewise helpful you. Finally, if you have questions we didn't address in today's call, please contact our IR team. I can tell you that they are standing by and would be happy to help. So have a great day and thanks again for joining us.
Derica Rice: Jami, in regards to gross margin we've said that each quarter we try to neutralize the impact of FX in gross margin by the additional slide that we provide that kind of shows you the normal run rate. And obviously this year we're running slightly above the mid-seventies. But we said when we - when I think towards 2016 to focus you all, you should be thinking about that 75% range of gross margin being net of FX.
Derica Rice: Good morning, Steve. We've had really solid underlying performance in the first six months of this year. And we expect that that solid performance to continue for the second half of this year as well. What you should see also in the second half of the year, and I'm going to kind of reflect on some of the comments that Phil made in his remarks, where in the second half we do expect to make incremental investments in our R&D pipeline given the positive data readouts that we've seen. So we talked about the start of phase 3 trials for tanezumab, our CGRP monoclonal antibody, laratumab, as we highlighted earlier, as well as the intent to invest in additional indications for Cyramza. And as we continue to see more positive data readouts, you'll see is fully investing in our pipeline opportunities. At the same time, as you heard Sue say, we're in the midst of launching in Japan for Cyramza as well as the ongoing launches in other geographies. So we will fully invest behind that as well. So we really are expecting our top line momentum to continue. You'll see us continue to drive productivity gains, but what that does is it gives us the capacity to make these kinds of investments while still returning to growth this year and margin expansion.
Derica Rice: Sure. Hi, Gregg. As it pertains to wholesalers, there was really nothing unusual or unique as it pertains to wholesaler activity in the quarter.
Derica Rice: In regards to the dividend, we're very encouraged and excited about the current performance of the business and as we've seen us kind of turning the tide and returning to the spirit of growth and margin expansion it really is giving us the capacity if you've seen this year to return to more regular cadence of dividend increases and we see that going forward over time. And then likewise you'll see us continue also to look to supplement that with returning additional excess cash to shareholders via our share repurchase program.
