Kevin Hern: Good morning. Thank you for joining us for Eli Lilly and Company's Q4 2019 Earnings Call. I'm Kevin Hern, Vice President of Investor Relations. Joining me on today's call are Dave Ricks, Lilly's Chairman and CEO; Josh Smiley, Chief Financial Officer; Dr. Dan Skovronsky, Chief Scientific Officer; Anne White, President of Lilly Oncology; Patrik Jonsson, President of Lilly Bio Medicines and Mike Mason, President of Lilly Diabetes. We're also joined by Kim Macko and Mike Czapar of the Investor Relations team. During this conference call we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Our actual results could differ materially due to a number of factors, including those listed on slide three, and those outlined in our latest forms 10-K, 10-Q and any 8-K's, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The information we provide about our products in pipeline is for the benefit of the investment community. It is not intended to be promotional and is not sufficient for prescribing decisions. As we transition to our prepared remarks, a reminder that our commentary will focus on non-GAAP financial measures, which exclude the financial contribution from Elanco during 2018 and 2019 and present earnings per share as though the full disposition via the exchange offer was complete on January 1, 2018. Now, I'll turn the call over to Dave for a summary of our Q4 results.
Kevin Hern: Thanks Dave. We'd like to take questions from as many callers as possible, so we ask that you limit your questions to two for follow-up. Sean, please provide the instructions for the Q&A session and then we are ready for the first caller.
Kevin Hern: Thanks Umer for those questions. This is – Butler Bulldogs basketball is probably my favorite topic, but we don’t cover that on the call; this is a close second though. We'll go to Dan for both of these. 
Kevin Hern: Hey Andrew, this is Kevin. Andrew, we are really having trouble hearing you and can't really pick up the question, other than we heard tirzepatide. 
Kevin Hern: Thanks Andrew. We’ll got to Dan for the question on tirzepatide and then Dave on the policy question. 
Kevin Hern: Okay thanks. We’ll go to Dan for tirzepatide and then Mike and then Patrick for the oral CGRP question. 
Kevin Hern: Great, thank you. We’ll go to Anne for the question on Verzenio and Mike for the question on Humalog. 
Dave Ricks: Thanks Kevin. 2019 was a solid year for Lilly and our strong Q4 financial results highlight the strength of the underlying business. We exited 2019 with momentum and will continue to focus on executing our strategy in 2020, which is to deliver excellent business results, develop and launch new medicines for patients and drive increased productivity. Revenue growth accelerated in Q4 increasing 8% versus Q4 2018 or 9% in constant currency. This strong performance was driven entirely by volume, which contributed 10 percentage points of growth despite continued headwinds from the loss of exclusivity in the U.S. of Cialis and the global withdrawal of Lartruvo. Excluding Cialis and Lartruvo, worldwide volume growth was an impressive 15%.  Newer medicines continue to be our growth engine representing 46% of our revenue this quarter. We made good progress in Q4 on our productivity agenda, as operating income grew 10% versus last year. We posted strong revenue growth and held marketing, selling and administrative expenses flat versus last year, while increasing our investment in R&D.  Our non-GAAP operating margin was 26.3%, an improvement of 40 basis points versus Q4 2018. We finished 2019 with a full year operating margin slightly below our guidance of approximately 28% as we made targeted, strategic investments in Q4 across both our commercial portfolio and pipeline, which will enhance our opportunities for future growth. These investments provide good momentum heading into 2020 and keep us on track to achieve our 31% operating margin target this year.  We’ve announced multiple pipeline milestones since our Q3 earnings call. These include positive results in the remaining two Phase III trials of the baricitinib BREEZE-AD program in atopic dermatitis, the submission of selpercatinib in the U.S. and Europe, and the FDA granting selpercatinib a priority review; the submission of tanezumab for OA pain in the U.S., in collaboration with Pfizer; the submission of higher doses of Trulicity in the U.S. and Europe, and the submission of baricitinib for atopic dermatitis in Europe and Japan.  During Q4 we put our strong operating cash flow to work, returning approximately $900 million to shareholders via share repurchase and dividends. In addition, as previously announced we increased our dividend 15% for 2020. This marks the second consecutive year of a 15% dividend increase, reflecting our confidence in the outlook for the business.  Finally, we recently announced the pending acquisition of Dermira. The company focused on developing new therapies for chronic skin conditions. Dermira is an exciting – has an exciting asset Phase III for atopic dermatitis, baricitinib in addition to the currently marketed products for excessive underarm sweating, QBREXZA. This transaction enhances our Phase III pipeline and complements our existing efforts in atopic dermatitis with baricitinib. We look forward to closing that transaction here in Q1. Moving to slide five, you’ll see the list of key events since our last earnings call. In our continued efforts to help make medicines more affordable and reduce out-of-pocket costs for patients, we recently announced plans to introduce two additional lower priced insulins, Humalog® Mix75/25 KwikPen and Humalog Junior KwikPen, both products will be available by mid-April and will be offered at a 50% lower list price compared to the branded versions.  Once these additional options are available more than 90% of Lilly’s Humalog options will be accessible to help patients reduce their out-of-pocket costs, and we hope to see payers provide increased access to patients for these solutions.  During the month of December alone Insulin Lispro helped nearly 79,000 patients in the U.S. These recent addition complement existing offerings in the Lilly Diabetes Solution Center which currently helps as many as 20,000 patients per month better afford their insulin. As a company that has been in business for over 140 years, it invests over $5 billion per year in long term research and development, we take our responsibility to pursue sustainable business, social and environmental practices very seriously.  Now I’ll turn the call over to Josh to review our Q4 results and to provide an update on our 2020 financial results. 
Dave Ricks: Thank you, Dan. Before we go to Q&A, let me briefly some up the progress we've made in the fourth quarter of 2019 and the full year.  We deliver impressive performance in Q4. Our revenue grew 8% as our newest medicines were again the catalyst for volume-based growth. Our worldwide prescription trends are strong and we are well positioned entering 2020 to continue our positive trajectory and deliver our 2020 financial guidance.  We advanced our productivity agenda, controlling operating expenses, while investing behind key commercial growth drivers and our late stage pipeline. We grew sales in Q4 while keeping marketing, selling and administrative expenses flat versus Q4 ’18, demonstrating our ability to drive margin expansion.  We've made important pipeline progress in Q4, tapping a year that featured significant new additions for the Phase III portfolio, several positive readout in Phase III trials and a multitude of regulatory submissions and approvals.  Finally we returned nearly $600 million to shareholders via the dividend and completed $300 million of share repurchases as well.  As we shared during our 2020 financial guidance call last December, we are in the early stages of a period of sustained growth at Lilly. The balance of new medicines we plan to launch over the next five and the continued scaling of our newer medicines compared to our limited patent exposure sets up an exciting period ahead.  We are pursuing new medicines in some of the most important diseases with both significant unmet medical need and sizable business opportunities. We are pleased with our finish to 2019 and our position of strength as we enter 2020, and the next decade of this company's history. This concludes our prepared remarks. Now I’ll turn the call over to Kevin to moderate the Q&A. 
Dave Ricks: So on the policy front, we continue to advocate for change in the U.S. system because although we're in a – as an industry and certainly as Lilly a deflationary price environment those savings are not reaching consumers at the pharmacy counter. And so either through a combination of passing through a transparency of those discounts or insurance reform, we're for change. And our focus is primarily right now with the legislative pathway on both those fronts. There is one more vehicle probably left in this Congress to work on those, but progress is difficult in Congress. So we continue to advocate for change on the other patience though.  As it relates to IPI, you know this proposal was part of the blueprint in spring of ’18. It's been sitting out there for a while. We've yet to see any draft guidance for proposed rulemaking or any version of this in detail. There is always a lot of swirling rumors about it, including expanding it to other parts of government programs or changes to it in terms of the objectives.  We see it largely as misguided, primarily because in Part B patients hardly have any cost sharing to begin with. So if we're worried about out of pocket costs for patients, IPI will do very little, it's mostly just a punitive measure against the industry going back to decisions made on European pricing sometimes decades ago. It won't probably change those prices in Europe if that’s the present goal, and it certainly won't change the affordability equation for patients in the U.S. So we oppose it for those reasons.  That said, it's administrative potential action and want to read it if it comes out and decide what to do from there, but it pretty much is a difficult thing to support for our industry and you’ll probably see pharma universally oppose it. So we'll wait and see. 
Dave Ricks: Okay, thank you all. I appreciate the participation in today's earnings call and your interest in Eli Lilly and Company.  2019 was a strong year for the company and we anticipate another great year in 2020. We remain focused on executing our innovation based strategy to bring new medicines to patients and create value for our shareholders. With our strong commercial portfolio complemented by our pipeline of exciting opportunities, Lilly continues to be a compelling investment.  Thanks again for dialing in. Please follow-up with our Investor Relations team if you have any additional questions we weren’t able to address on today’s call. Hope you have a great day. 
Patrik Jonsson: Thank you very much. We are very pleased with the performance of the policy in the fourth quarter last year with the growth of growth of total RX with approximately 40%. If you look at the difference space its possible in dermatology despite the increased competition. We think we are holding ground very nicely and we are maintaining our total RX share of market in Q4 despite the increased competition.  Also added to the body of evidence, we had a diverse strength by the IL-23, but we have gained demonstrated superiority on skin clearance; and that's the third study combined with Stelara and in Enbrel where we have again demonstrated superiority. So we are confident in the continued growth phase of dermatology.  The biggest opportunity for us remains being in rheumatology where we – in Q4 announced the old IL-17 to demonstrate superiority versus humera in the SPIRIT-Head-to-Head (H2H) study, and we saw something – this consideration in Q4 in terms of new to brand and we are confident that we will continue to grow in the rheumatology space where there are a lot of opportunities for us.  We also filed during the second half of last year the Non-Radiographic AxSpA, and that's an indication where we’ll also see a lot of patients that are not being appropriately diagnosed and even if diagnosed, not appropriately treated.  Lastly, both in dermatology and rheumatology, a huge amount of patients are still treated with [inaudible]. In Dermatology 40%, in rheumatology 70% and we believe that remains the biggest opportunity for all new assets to ensure that patients are being upgraded to new modern modifications and save the treatment.  In terms of Olumiant, why we don't comment on regulatory actions for specific brands, we continue to explore options to get the 4mg dosage approved in the U.S.; however, in the light of most recent regulatory actions without the JAK inhibitors, we are also realistic in terms of our expectations to get four milligrams approved in the U.S. in the near term.  But as Dave mentioned, we are very much encouraged by the 2 milligram data of Olumiant in atopic dermatitis and where we’re demonstrating hitting our primary objective both in terms of at least 75% improvement on skin inflammation, but also in terms of patient reported outcomes, improvements on itching. So that is encouraging for us in terms of the Olumiant submission in the U.S. 
Patrik Jonsson: Apparently it’s estimated that approximately 18 million Americans are suffering from Atopic dermatitis and 10 million of those are suffering from severe to moderate Atopic dermatitis and the treatment opportunities are very limited. One is saying that they feel Atopic dermatitis is pretty much where psoriasis was 15 years ago.  In the light of that we believe that we are extremely well positioned. As we shared, we are encouraged by the most recent data on Olumiant, both in the U.S. and outside the U.S. and we have submitted Olumiant for approval in Japan and EU and we’ll take regulatory actions in 2020 here in the U.S. and we believe that Olumiant could definitely be an option for patients that are having fear of injection.  And we're also excited about the announcement we made a few weeks ago about our intent to acquire Dermira, and lebrikizumab is the big driver of that deal and we see lebrikizumab based upon the phase II(b) data as the medicine will at least be competitive with Dupixent and we have an opportunity given the best in class differentiating on each.  So overall we believe that we can play a very important role in the field of Atopic dermatitis. We built the first oral JAK inhibitor for patients of fear of injections and the potential best in class medicine in lebrikizumab.
Patrik Jonsson: Thank you. If you look at on the prevention market with currency 6 million patients eligible for prevention treatment in the U.S., but only 3 million of those are being treated. So that's a big opportunity for us with increased competition in the market place as well to drive patient activation. And specifically for Emgality, if you look from the prescriber base today, its relatively limited and only 15% of our targets are currently, regularly prescribing Emgality, so that's why were we see a tremendous opportunity both in specialty care, as well as in primary care.  In terms of the oral CGRP, I think it’s important to have in mind that they are only approved or will be approved for the treatment of acute migraine this year and the prevention indications coming later on. We are very confident with the profile of Emgality, particularly taking into account that we are now the market leader and the preferred CGRP in the marketplace and particularly with a differentiation, we have been labeled with both efficacy 57 till 5 and 100% level and also the convenience at the device offers from the same device platform as Trulicity.  The oral CGRPs will be competing at a huge pace and we are also very excited about the announcement that was the pre-publication notice from the DEA that was publicly displayed this morning and will result in an announcement in the Federal Register tomorrow, enabling us to bring Reyvow to the marketplace, probably late next week. And that’s where we have a tremendous opportunity to bring more value in the space of acute migraine and for the first time we’ll be able to talk about complete pain elimination already after two hours with one single dose of Reyvow and not just compete pain elimination, but also complete elimination of bothersome symptoms such as sun phobia, light sensitivity and nausea.  So we believe that we have very well positioned us in the preventive space as well as the acute phase but patient activation will be key and that's something that would be beneficial with also new entrants in the marketplace.
Josh Smiley: Thanks Chris. If we look at 2020, you know we don't provide quarterly guidance, but if we look at sort of the trajectory of sale that we’d expect, if you look at our guidance for the full year you know we're somewhere in the high single digits for sales growth. We’d expect that kind of growth to be pretty consistent through the year, although keep in mind in Q1 we still will have a little bit more of the overhang from things like Cialis. So you might expect to see a little bit more sales growth through the year, but pretty consistent.  On an absolute basis though Chris, we do always see sales in Q1 lower than Q4. One of that just has to do with shipping patterns and otherwise so – again, growth should look good in Q1 relative to the year. Absolute sales will be less. I think that is a trend that you see I'm sure across almost all companies. There's nothing unique going on there other than normal shipping patterns between Q4 and Q1. 
Josh Smiley: Thanks Louise, good morning. I think in terms of volume growth, what we see at a corporate level is the function of our portfolios. We mention about a little bit less than half of our sales are coming from new products that we launched since 2014. 10 of those, they are all still in – very much in their growth phases; Trulicity growing at 31% for example, Taltz at 37%.  So we've got a relatively young portfolio. We expect the volume gains that we saw in Q4 to be sustainable between 2020 and 2025 as we mentioned on our guidance call. We expect to see top tier revenue growth over that period. It'll be driven by volume gains; it'll be driven by that cohort of products, as well as the new launches that will expect over this period, including the three that we’re planning for this year. You couple that going forward with last generic exposure, then probably most of the companies that you know we compete against or that you cover and I think that would certainly say to us that the volume gains we're seeing or something that we’re planning for and think are sustainable. 
Josh Smiley: Great! Thanks Seamus. In terms of margin this year, again we reiterated that we are on track for 31%. And the one thing that we have said is Q1 will likely be below 31% that’s mostly a function of the less absolute sales that I talked about on a prior question, on top of a relatively fixed OpEx absolute amount.  So I think as you look or model OpEx for the year, we see that it's pretty constant on an absolute base quarter-over-quarter. Of course some small variation, and then you'll see absolute sales dollars on a quarter over quarter basis grow. So we don't expect to be at 31% in Q1, but that’s - again that the function of the dynamics of the growth through the quarters.  Remember though in terms of how to get there in totals for the year, we said for 2019 that we would grow our R&D at a unusual growth rate in in 2019 as we scale up programs like tirzepatide and Mirikizumab. In 2020 those programs are running at, you know more like full speed, we are able to bring and a an asset like Dermira and keep that with you know relatively smaller growth rate and R&D.  So I think we are confident that the sales growth that we are seeing, that we talked about in Q4 and should persist for the year on top of a slower growing OpEx that we can predict and manage, will get us to 31% and again I wouldn't be too concerned in Q1 if we are not at that level, but you should expect it as we move through the year. 
Dan Skovronsky: Chris, thanks for your question on our Alzheimer's strategy. You know of course we like many others will be watching aducanumab closely, and of course we’ll adapt our plans and thinking to meet wherever we see the regulatory bar placed, but I don't think you should expect us to pivot in our Alzheimer's strategy one way or another.  We’ve placed some pretty important bets. We are excited to see those readouts over time, both with Solanezumab, but also our own plaque clearing antibody Donanemab, as well as our anti-tau antibody that’s in phase II. We also have a tau small molecule in phase I and other agents earlier in development. So we’ll continue to progress those. We think we have smartly designed trials that will give us import readouts over time. 
Dan Skovronsky: Okay, great. Thanks very much. So with respect to CNS penetration of GLP ones, you're right that these are large molecular weight molecules. Actually both FC fusion molecules like Trulicity and also isolated peptides like tirzepatide. Those modifications to the peptides are what gives them the long half-life that enables once weekly injection and molecules of that size typically don't penetrate the blood brain barrier.  Having said that, we don't see those attributes, blood brain barrier penetration as being important for the efficacy of this class of drugs as evidenced I think by the tremendous efficacy that we’ve seen with Trulicity and unprecedented efficacy that we've seen with tirzepatide, so I think that addresses that. With respect to A4, you're right that this is a longer duration trial and really I think any other large Alzheimer's trial has ever been. The reason for that though is because these patients are asymptomatic at the beginning of the trial, so they are very early in the disease course and it takes a great deal of time to let these patients progress in their disease course and it's only through progression of patients on the placebo group and hopefully differential, less progression of patients on therapy that we could hope to see an effective drug. So that's why the design includes such a long follow-up period.
Dan Skovronsky: Yeah Tim, on DIAN, just reminded for everyone that this is dominantly inherited type of Alzheimer's. It's rare and sort of severe and fast progressing form of Alzheimer's disease where we testing solanezumab. Your question on timing of results, we don't have the data yet, but we do expect that this quarter.  In terms of the odds of success, I think it's hard to speculate, but as you know this is a very small trials, small population is being studied and it is as I said a severe form of Alzheimer's. So those factors weigh against it, there is other factors that weight for it. We know that it’s driven by mutations here and amyloid over production and has a relatively longer follow-up, but we’ll just have to wait and see that data. 
Dan Skovronsky: Yeah thanks. First of all, just a clarification that tirzepatide trial it had again against Trulicity. Look I think that there is a little bit of literature out there as you referenced about – it’s actually GIP-1 but our thinking is really based on the clinical data we've already obtained with tirzepatide in the Phase II trials.  I think everything we see in those trials, point to a large cardiovascular benefits for drug like this, and so that's the driver’ that's what gives us confidence is the real clinical data with this molecule. The combination of GLP-1 and GLP-1 gives certain effects which we are able to see. So for example there improved day-1 C control and notably the very dramatic improvement on weight loss, which I think will drive cardiovascular benefits even higher than we saw in Trulicity. 
Dan Skovronsky: Thanks for the question on oncology strategy. Of course on the last call we talked about our Loxo Oncology at Lilly and how that's changed oncology strategy and we're quite pleased with the progress that we made on executing against that strategy. You can see some portfolio changes in our pipeline update and we also talked about the three key early stage programs, 305, KRAS and SERD, all of which are progressing in the clinic.  While we said we're going to focus on a lot of our resources on high probability, biology that's well understood, bets like those, we will also from time to time continue to pursue more novel biology, higher risk, high reward bets like Pegilodecakin was and that will be a smaller part of our portfolio in the future. 
Dan Skovronsky: Yeah thanks. Of course we are aware of the comments that Novo has make on GLP-1 and Alzheimer's disease and the potential there. Look forward to seeing data from that first trial. Look I think we know that GLP-1 treatment has beneficial cardiovascular outcomes, including we've seen reductions on stroke, probably that's a tip of the iceberg and there's other micro infarcts that are decreased by GLP-1 therapy. That could overtime contribute to a slower rate of cognitive decline. Is there a direct effective of GLP-1s on Alzheimer’s pathology? I think that's not yet known.  So we'll watch how the field evolves. If it turns out that there are great opportunities, I think we have the best in class incretin in the form of tirzepatide and we'd be opened to future opportunities for it. 
Dan Skovronsky: Yeah, thinks for your question asking for more detail on the tirzepatide SURPASS-CVOT trial design. I think at this moment we don't sort of comment on any of the finer details around clinical trial design and dropout rates. But I would say that having a trial like this where it’s a head to head with two great active drugs, one on each arm should be a very compelling opportunity for enrolling physicians and a great opportunity for treatment for patients as well. So I think those kinds of factors should help with both enrollment and retention in the trial. 
Dan Skovronsky: Okay Steve. So look most of the commons you said are right. The importance of those factors in the outcome of the study is what we don't now, and there are other factors as I said earlier going against us here. The one that should give anyone the most pause I think is the small sample size and Alzheimer's trials are – I think even in large trials notorious for surprising us because of the heterogeneity of the fact and variability in the outcome measures. So its factors like that that could make it difficult to really know what is true.  Look I still think it's regardless an interesting scientific question, a partner experiment we'll look forward to seeing the data.  With respect to the specifics around the composite, I think the nature of a composite is that you have to hit the overall composite score as the primary endpoint, which could be driven by the various sub-measures or not, but as you point out this was custom made for this trial. 
Mike Mason: David, thanks for your question on our favorite subject. It proves we had another great quarter, growing by 32% on volume of 29% on revenue. We are still quite excited about the overall GLP market growth. The 52 week rate was at 29.7 while the monthly rate in December was at 31.5. So the market continues to grow and Trulicity continues to hold up in a very strong market share leadership position outpacing TRS class growth in the phase of some of the type of product launches.  So we expect that both the new Trulicity rewind, as well as the high dose label enhancements will continue to drive class growth as well as certify our market leadership position place. So we're excited about that. I think as you take a look at the results of that, take a look at increased are A1C results, as well as the weight loss results.  And what we think is the strength of Trulicity is the fact that you get little more benefits by having powerful efficacy simply delivered and this will just give people using Trulicity another reason to stay on it. 
Mike Mason: I think as we look at the opportunity and really learn from what providers and payers want, they want active competitors. I think this provides a lot of value and lot of insights into the incremental value of one product over another product. And so obviously doing a head to head trial versus Trulicity is a bold bat, but I think it really reinforces the confidence we have in tirzepatide in its population. So we're very excited about the study. It is a bold bat, but one that we are very excited about the potential of product and CVOT. 
Mike Mason: Thanks for your question on Humalog. The biggest drive in Humalog segment mix is the fact that with Humalog uptake they are taking volume away from Humalog in Medicaid since our Medicaid rebate rates are essentially 100%, that TRx decline actually doesn't have – had a flat to positive impact on that revenues for Humalog. 
