Joe Fletcher: Good morning. Thanks everybody for joining us for Eli Lilly and Company's Q3 2023 Earnings Call. I'm Joe Fletcher, Senior Vice President of Investor Relations. And joining me on today's call are Dave Ricks, Lilly's Chair and CEO; Anat Ashkenazi, Chief Financial Officer; Dr. Dan Skovronsky, Chief Scientific and Medical Officer; Anne White, President of Lilly Neuroscience; Ilya Yuffa, President of Lilly International; Jake Van Naarden, President of Loxo at Lilly; Mike Mason, President of Lilly Diabetes and obesity; and Patrik Jonsson, President of Lilly Immunology and Lilly U.S.A. We're also joined by Michaela Irons, Mike Springnether and Lauren Zierki of the IR team. During this conference call, we anticipate making projections and forward-looking statements based on our current expectations. Actual results could differ materially due to several factors, including those listed on Slide 3. Additional information concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially is contained in our latest Form 10-K and subsequent Forms 10-Q and 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The information we provide about our products and pipeline is for the benefit of the investment community. It's not intended to be promotional and is not sufficient for prescribing decisions. As we transition to our prepared remarks, please note that our commentary will focus on non-GAAP financial measures. Now I'll turn over the call to Dave.
Joe Fletcher: Thanks, Dave. We'd like to take questions from as many callers as possible and conclude the call in a timely manner. So consistent with last quarter we will respond to one question per caller. So ask that you limit to one question per caller. As we'll aim to end the call at 10 am. If you have more than one question you can reenter the queue, and we'll get to your question if time allows. So Paul, please provide the instructions for the Q&A session and we're ready for the first caller.
Joe Fletcher: Thanks Mohit, for the question. You broke up a little bit there. But I think we got the gist. I'll hand off to Anne.
Joe Fletcher: Let me just jump in here maybe on questions like this. And we have a number of research projects and obesity and related mechanisms. In some people ask, well how does this one affect that or whatever. That's not really the mindset in which we're pursuing this. We're -- we see ourselves a leader in the space and have a unique opportunity. And our goal is to exploit every single idea till we get data that says we shouldn't. And so high dose tirzepatide just another version of that. But it doesn't have a read through to other things. Were just in all the above mode in obesity. Thank you.  Paul, next question.
David Ricks: Thanks, Joe. In Q3 Lily continued the progress we made so far this year. We delivered strong financial results continue to advance our R&D pipeline and invested in our future through several business development transactions.  As you can see on slide 4, we continue to make progress against our strategic deliverables this quarter. Excluding revenue from the olanzapine portfolio, and COVID-19 antibodies, revenue grew 24%. Our new products and growth products combined contributed approximately 17 percentage points toward volume growth, with over 12 percentage points coming from our growth products.  Last week, we announced that the FDA approved Omvoh for the treatment of moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis in adults. This marks Lilly's first approval in the U.S. for a type of inflammatory bowel disease. And it's important for Lilly's growth in its immunology portfolio. In addition to the FDA approval for Omvoh, we had several other important pipeline updates since our last earnings call.  Specifically Jardiance was approved by the FDA for the treatment of adults with chronic kidney disease, at risk of progression. And we reported positive Phase 3 results from the VIVID-1 trial which evaluated the safety and efficacy of mirikizumab for the treatment of adults with moderately to severely active Crohn's disease.  In Q3, we announced that the FDA issued a Complete Response Letter for lebrikizumab based on inspection findings at a third party manufacturer. The letter stated no concerns with the clinical data package, the safety or the label. We will continue to work with the third party manufacturer and the FDA to address the findings to make lebrikizumab available to patients as quickly as possible.  In terms of business development, we once again had a very active quarter. In Q3, we completed the divestiture of the olanzapine portfolio, which will further enable us to focus on our current and new product launches. The financial impact of this transaction is reflected in the Q3 results. Additionally, within the quarter, we completed the acquisition of two clinical stage companies, adding to our Phase 2 portfolio, DICE Therapeutics and Versanis Bio as well as the acquisition of Emergence Therapeutics and Sigilon Therapeutics. We also announced that we reached an agreement to acquire POINT Biopharma, which, if approved, has the potential to expand our oncology capabilities into next generation radioligand therapies. And lastly, we distributed over a $1 billion in dividends this quarter.  On slide 5, you'll see a list of key events since our Q2 call, including several important regulatory clinical and other updates we're sharing today.  Now let me turn the call over Anat to review our Q3 results.
David Ricks: Thank you, Dan. Before we get to Q&A, let me briefly sum up our progress in the third quarter. This quarter revenue growth accelerated as our recently launched product portfolio continued to gain momentum, of course led by Mounjaro. Excluding revenue from the divestiture of the olanzapine portfolio and the sale of COVID-19 antibodies in 2022, revenue grew 24%, driven again by Mounjaro, Verzenio as well as Jardiance.  By continuing to invest in recent and upcoming launches, late stage medicines and early phase capabilities as well as in business development, we are confident that we have positioned ourselves for growth now and in the coming years, with the opportunity for continued margin expansion. We achieved meaningful advances in our late stage pipeline, with the FDA approval of Omvoh for the treatment of moderately to severely active ulcerative colitis, as well as Jardiance for the treatment of adults with chronic kidney disease, and the positive Phase 3 VIVID 1 results for mirikizumab for adults with moderately to severely active Crohn's disease.  Looking forward, we are expecting regulatory responses before the end of the year on our submissions for pirtobrutinib, and accelerated approval in CLL as well as tirzepatide for obesity. In Q3, we completed several targeted acquisitions, intended to bolster our early and mid stage portfolio. Directly following the quarter we also announced an agreement to acquire POINT Biopharma which will further expand our R&D capabilities in oncology.  Lastly, we returned over $1 billion to shareholders via the dividend. A few weeks ago, we announced several leadership changes. Mike Mason, our Executive Vice President and President of Lilly Diabetes and Obesity will retire from the company at the end of 2023 after 34 years with Lilly. In his current role, Mike is overseeing tirzepatide, late stage development and an unprecedented type 2 diabetes launch. Mike leaves behind an enduring legacy that reflects his deep compassion for patients and his commitment to our people. With this being Mike's last earnings call, I would like to thank him for his many years of outstanding service to Lily and wish him all the best in his next chapter of life.  Patrick Johnson will assume leadership of Lilly Diabetes and Obesity. In addition to his current responsibilities as President of Lilly USA Dan Skovronsk, our Chief Scientific Officer and president of Lilly Research Labs will take on the additional role of President of Lilly Immunology from Patrick. And in a related move, David Hyman is assuming the role of Chief Medical Officer for the company from Dan, overseeing the full Lilly portfolio. Leigh Ann Pusey, our Executive Vice President for Corporate Affairs and Communications has decided to leave the company at the end of 2023. Leigh Ann has left a lasting impact on Lilly and the patients we serve. And we're grateful for her many contributions over the past six years.  So as we begin this new chapter of growth for our company, we are very confident that our deep experience of our leadership team will allow us to continue to accelerate our efforts to make medicines and be more effective and more innovative in the years ahead.  So now, let me turn the call over to Joe and he'll moderate the Q&A session. 
David Ricks: Yeah, thanks, Geoff. Obviously a hot topic. We work on this multiple hours every day. You're citing the announcements we've made and as mentioned great progress is showing manufacturing agenda RTP sort of on track to deliver on its goal. But as we exit the year, and then that kind of in market volume following that Concord, which is a few hours away, and kind of a replica site also, well on track for coming online in '24. So that's good news in the ERMA [ph] presentation, which is -- what we call our auto injector, from trulicity, and the current presentation from Mounjaro in the U.S. We've announced previously that we're introducing now single use vial presentation ex-U.S., so that we aren't basically sitting on approvals and connect patients have access to the medication.  That will follow them by a multi use injector that uses different property, plant and equipment than what we're talking about here. So a couple of things to point out. You're noting kind of new greenfield site expansions. We've rightfully made a big deal out of. We're not done with those. I think you might hear more about that in the future. Of course, we are aggressively planning that and not banking on or forced upon to rescue us from this. We think that there is a need to take up parenteral incretin supply pretty dramatically from the current levels. And we plan to do that.  But that will be in a combination of the current syringe-based auto injector, the vial capacity, we've already talked about. The multi use injector, which will come online sometime next year, and is a highly efficient play for us because it uses current systems and different ones from the auto injector. And then there's third party agreements that have been ongoing in the background. And to point out here, we are not relying on one. We have a diverse portfolio of third parties, recognizing that, the probability of full supply from any one is probably less than one. But buying up as much capacity as available in all those systems.  So we've got a, I think the all hands on deck phrase was used earlier. I mean, this is really all hands on deck. And it's a problem we work every day. So we're not at all happy with the capacity. We've announced already, you'll see more. Some we don't announce that we'll just layer in to the volume we ship. And of course, long term new presentations like solid oral opens up even more possibilities, but we need to do everything we can now given the huge potential for global obesity treatment for our medicines to play a key role in that, and then ultimately impact hundreds of millions of people.  So a lot of work to do here yet ahead. Thanks for the question.
David Ricks: Sure, I can start and let Dan comment. Look, we've been really pleased with this business, which I think is important to take the long view here. I mean, I was involved in creating this like 10 years ago, and both [indiscernible] and now mirikizumab, and hopefully soon Lebrikizumab will form a really core portfolio for us, really exploiting ideas that we had some time ago. What's next, and you see here today advancing another checkpoint agonist into Phase 2 is a lot of decisions about, okay, what's next to take immunology to the next level. And that's largely going to be about key decisions, both internal portfolio and potentially externally, like with our DICE acquisition, to find a new set of either single agent or combinations that can raise the standard of care in tough immunology diseases, noting, in particular in IBD and RA, the standard of care is hardly satisfied today.  We measure real pretty low performance status of success. So that's the mission that Dan and we've hired Mark Genovese to the company and others to really build a portfolio the future. So I don't Dan, if you want to
David Ricks: Okay, thanks, Joe. We appreciate everyone's participation in today's earnings call and of course your ongoing interest in Eli Lilly and Company. As I said, it's been a very productive year for Lilly so far, and we look forward to continuing this momentum through a busy end of year in fourth quarter. So thanks for dialing in today. Please follow up with the IR team if you have questions we did not address on the call. And hope everyone has a great rest of the week and rest of the day today. Take care.
Michael Mason: Yeah, thanks for the question. Maybe I'll first answer with the data that we do have, because it's hard to speculate on what it's going to be for obesity. The best data we have for tirzepatide is in Type 2 diabetes patients who started Mounjaro prior to our savings card changes last fall Mounjaro persistency for those patients is tracking higher than those patients that were started on trulicity and Ozempic, over that same period of time.  So while it's too early to project the average length of therapy or how many out of 100 will still be on therapy after a couple of years, I think that this early data is encouraging. As for obesity, time was time was going to tell. I think we've all looked at Wegovy data, but I don't think this is the right benchmark at this point because of novel supply constraints. And there's been just a very dynamic market. I think, as you said, this -- having persistency on a chronic treatment isn't just an issue for anti-obesity medications. It's a goal for all chronic treatments.  I think what's different about obesity is that, on many chronic treatments, consumers don't feel differently or experience any acute impacts from stopping treatments. So what we've seen in this SURMOUNT clinical trials, with tirzepatide is that some consumers will feel their appetite increase and experience weight regain when they stopped tirzepatide. And so this should help reinforce treatment adherence, seeing in our market research how important it is for people who live with obesity to lose weight and maintain it.  I do think you're going to see just a high motivation as people have lost weight that they do want to maintain it. And we do know for our SURMOUNT program that, chronic use of tirzepatide is a good component, an important component of maintaining weight loss. So it's too early to project it. But I do think there's things that's rolling in favor of tirzepatide having a good length of therapy in the obesity patient.
Michael Mason: No, I don't think that'll have an impact. I mean, traditionally, we don't see a new class of diabetes agents coming in and affecting a current class. Usually the competition happens within a specific class within a diabetes market.
Michael Mason: Yeah, thanks for the question. Obviously, we're not going to talk about price prior to approval. We're evaluating every scenario. We will make the right decision for patients who live with obesity. Thanks,
Michael Mason: Yeah, no, David, it's a good question. One that we've obviously spent a ton of time on and done a lot of internal analysis and a lot of planning on. We will have a whole suite of real world evidence and pragmatic trials so that we can answer this question clearly, for payers and other stakeholders. In our conversations with payers, while they're concerned about the short term budget impact, they do understand that losing weight will have benefits. It's not that hard of a sale, because they do understand the benefits are intuitive.  If you look at the total number of like obesity rate of complications, there's over 200. And you look at some of these are just really devastating and very costly, like type 2 diabetes, coronary heart disease, hypertension, dyslipidemia. And then when you look at the cost of these, on the U.S. alone, there's $370 billion in direct medical costs associated with obesity-related comorbidities, and over a trillion in indirect annual cost. When payers see that, people living with obesity and overweight, drive 2.7 times greater healthcare costs, than normal individuals, that data does get their attention.  And so I think over time will continue to provide health economics data, but also I think the voice of those living with obesity will be very important in this. This is a disease that, that really materially impacts someone's both health and mental functioning. And is really important for people who live with obesity. Their goal is to is to lose weight and maintain that so they can help their long term health benefits. And they're going to have a loud voice in this. I think both in commercial insurance as well as in states and the federal government. And so I do -- I am confident over time that we will see increase in access.  I think the most recent report shows that there's 50 million people in the U.S. that has access to obesity medication. So it will take time, but I think -- do think more and more payers are appreciating the value that anti-obesity medications especially when we get approval for tirzepatide will offer them. Thanks.
Michael Mason: Yeah, no, it's a good question. It will ramp up. We're trying to be disciplined. And we're trying to make sure that we bring on access as quickly, as is prudent. And so just like we did with Mounjaro we will take and make sure that we sometimes access has to materialize at an organic pace where it makes sense. And we'll make sure and use our judgment. So just like with Mounjaro, while we'd love to get out of the gate quickly, most importantly, as a setup for long term success. So you'll see a kind of a natural ramp up that you would with any new product. And I think it's important, as you look in the first quarter of our launch last January, when you saw Wegovy resupply. They were resupplying into a market where they already had capacity.  So I think when you look at our access, and you look at our volume as we head into next year, you'll see a ramp up in volume as you see a ramp up in our access.
Michael Mason: Probably the key question I'm looking at is like how much of the effect was driven by drug effect versus weight loss is probably the key question we're looking at.
Michael Mason: Yeah, no, I'd be happy to do that. I think maybe at a macro level, I would say that our gross to net for Mounjaro in Q3, that kind of normalized. Before then we had a number of saving card changes that that, made our gross to net rate dynamic. Our last and copay card change occurred late in Q2, so at the end of June. And so Q3 was a kind of a pure quarter, where we didn't have any other copay card changes. And I would say that our Mounjaro rate normalized at that point, you know, going forward, I think what you'll see is what you see normally for a product at this point in the lifecycle that as we pursue gaining access, there'll probably be some pricing pressure related to that. But we don't have any other coping card changes planned in the near future.
Michael Mason: Yeah, and I'll happy to do that, Obviously, it's too early to really impact how IRA will have an impact and the impact will have another product within the class. I think what you know, what's important for tirzepatide is it is the first dual acting incretin. And we do think it has a unique profile. And in head to head results in type 2 diabetes, it did show superior, both I1C and weight to semaglutide. And so at the end of the day, I think the profile of the product will carry the day. And obviously more to come on the IRA. As the first products go through the negotiation, we see the impact, but we're confident in the profile of tirzepatide.
Daniel Skovronsky: Thanks, Seamus. Yeah, I like the way you phrase it all hands on deck moving forward on orforglipron. We're really excited about this molecule. In terms of, liver safety, I think we commented before that, what we saw in Phase 2 is what we thought would be probably be typical for a trial of that nature in this population.  So not a heightened level of concern, but always concerned about safety going into Phase 3 from a variety of factors, including for all small molecules, especially liver function. So it's routine in our Phase 3 studies across the portfolio to monitor liver function. And sure we're doing that in orforglipron, but not aware of any special precautions there. So super excited that that program is going fast.
Daniel Skovronsky: No, excited about the opportunity. There's lots of work to do in immunology, given the depth of unmet medical needs and the science is great here. So I hope we can continue to bring great drugs to market as we're doing with mirikizumab. And we hope to do with Lebrikizumab soon and more to come.
Daniel Skovronsky: I don't know. I can start maybe. Maybe Mike has some to add here. Look, I'm excited to see that data, of course, as everyone else's. But the top line looks good. For me, I think we're sort of creating now data points on a line that connect the level of weight loss with the degree of cardiovascular benefit. I think this point fits on that line reasonably well. That line which was greater health benefits, including better, a fewer mace outcomes with greater degrees of weight loss bodes very well for Mounjaro data, given the very high degrees of weight loss that we saw in our trials. I'll leave it at that. See if Mike wants to add.
Daniel Skovronsky: Yes, so you're asking about kidney disease. I mean, I think the profound effect that incretin seem to be having on the kidneys is really a nice and important additive benefit here. This is something that's been observed with multiple class members now and they expect it will extend into our incretins as well. So it's exciting and I think proof that these drugs perhaps in addition to weight loss and A1C control, could have other direct metabolic benefits including the kidney.
Daniel Skovronsky: Yeah, thanks, Seamus. Maybe to paraphrase Dave's previous answers, it's sort of in all of the above here, I think there's great opportunities on the oral as a standalone therapy for initiation of therapy. Also, yes, for maintenance therapy globally. And also, yes, for potential combinations. You know, I point out the obvious fact that this is a GLP. One monotherapy. So we benchmark it against the best injectable GLP1 monotherapy. But I don't expect as an oral it will achieve the same levels of efficacy we can see with dual agonism like tirzepatide. So the future certainly will hold combinations like that. Thank you.
Daniel Skovronsky: Yeah, I'll take that. I, of course, say we have now I think more data on GLP agonism than anyone in the world and starting with tirzepatide, of course, which is a combo GLP1 GIP agonist and the head to head study against a pure GLP1 agonist and you can see some profoundly different effects here looking at, for example, efficacy relative to tolerability. It looks like the GIP is boosting efficacy while also reducing the side effects that limit tolerability. So that was our initial evidence in human trials that involved well now tens of thousands of patients have been on tirzepatide in trials.  And then we went out to sort of prove this point by creating a pure GIP 1 agonist that just agonizes GIP to see what that could do alone. And again we saw a very highly tolerated drug consistent with what we understand about the mechanism of GIP 1 that probably could suppress actually nausea, vomiting that lead to weight loss. So, I think human data trumps everything here, and we've got a ton of that. So we're pretty excited about gap agonism. I can't really say what will happen with antagonism, but like you said, it's pretty unusual to have opposing mechanisms both work in similar ways.
