John C. Lechleiter: Steve, with respect to your second question, obviously, we're very interested in those results, and we're very interested, frankly, in anything we can do to advance the cause of developing new therapies to treat Alzheimer's. I will mention, we have other molecules as well in various stages of development in our portfolio, looking at the beta-amyloid and other mechanisms associated with Alzheimer's disease. While this is a very important readout for us next year, it's not something -- whether it's positive or negative is going to change our strategy or change the basic underlying assumptions that we're carrying forward as we go through YZ. Our future does not depend on any single molecule including solanezumab, there are soon to be 11 other molecules in Phase III. And we'll go where the data takes us and proceed accordingly, but we're really interested in prosecuting and moving forward that entire portfolio.
John C. Lechleiter: Seamus, I can't speak specifically to the CETP inhibitor, because we really need to wait and see the data as we share that in November. But I think as we look at our pipeline, obviously, we're making decisions and looking at different things all the time that say, "Should we alone with this, or should we partner that one." Obviously, we got a huge benefit, I think, from the deal we struck with BI earlier this year, where we, in essence got our 4 potential assets. One of which is now launched, Linagliptin, shared between the 2 companies on a global basis. And as we move new molecules into Phase III, other programs begin to wind down. So we're looking at this all the time, and obviously, we'll do what we think is in the best interest of the company and the shareholders, as we make these decisions.
John C. Lechleiter: Tony, this is John. One comment I would make is, although this is still being implemented in Japan on a trial basis, in the last year or 2, pricing has been liberalized there to better recognize true innovation. Now, how's that going to continue to play out and how will other products that don't fall in that category be affected remains to be seen. But actually, in contrast to some other parts of the world, we actually see in the last 2 years and going forward a more favorable pricing environment in Japan as the government there recognizes the need to call out innovation and to value innovation, and also continues with its intent to ensure that more medicines that are approved in Europe and the U.S. are approved and made available to Japanese patients in a contemporaneous way.
John C. Lechleiter: John, I think the Washington environment remains very fluid. I think when you couple the ongoing healthcare reform with the debts of reduction focus in terms of wins, patent reform is a huge win. It should in the medium- to long-term restore a great deal of confidence for investors that our patents can be -- can remain valid, can be enforced and can be the basis for investor confidence in addition to clearing this huge backlog. I think there is still strong support for maintaining 12.5 years of data protection, for biologics, which is part of the Affordable Care Act, and we -- it's the law, and we want to keep it that way. And I think there's a general recognition, appreciation to the fact that this industry employs directly and indirectly between 3 and 4 million people in this country. And is the only way we're going to attack diseases like Alzheimer's and cancer, which not only cause immense suffering, but help drive up a lot of the healthcare cost today and in the future. I think the area of concern for us right now is Part D. We're fighting, and we're quite adamant in our opposition to imposing government price controls in Part D. This is a program that's working. Premiums for seniors have remained low. The overall cost of the program is stunningly lower than any one forecast 5 or 6 years ago. And most seniors in Part D today have access to medicines. In terms of deficit reduction, Part D is making a difference there too. A recent study published in Jamma [ph] show that for every person enrolled in Part D, they have $1,200 a year less costs in other parts of the medical delivery system. That's more than $10 billion a year in savings that I think we have to attribute to that program as it's currently structured. So we're going to continue to make sure that, that message gets heard and understood, as we go forward. We'll continue as well to express concerns we have about IPAB, the Independent Payment Advisory Board, as well as the way the 340 B program is being expanded, we believe, inappropriately.
John C. Lechleiter: Okay. Barbara, I think that -- we think, for us to be successful in China in the long run, formulary status at the national level, the provincial level and the hospital level is going to be key to that. So we work very hard to ensure that our medicines are included in those formularies all the way down to the local level. I think that there are going to be, today and going forward, situations where we have price decrease in China. I think in some cases, there's a focus on classes that we don't participate in, and in some cases, they're likely to affect us. I think, as we look at our long-term model in China, we tried to account for that, obviously, not only as the delivery of healthcare changing China, but I think the way in which healthcare is managed by the government will continue to evolve. And under any circumstance, our enthusiasm for the opportunity we have there to reach more patients with our products and to grow our business profitably has not diminished.
Philip Johnson: Steve, this is Phil. Before we go to the next caller, as you're thinking about solanezumab, also in relation to the financial projections that we had discussed in Derica's section of the Investment Community Meeting in June, we have said all along this is a high-risk program. It's very interesting science. We're very hopeful of the potential outcome, but we have recognized that it's high risk. Essentially, for the financial modeling, what that means is it's a sign of relatively low probability of actually hitting, if you will. So that means for our financial projections, if that low probability goes to 0, it really does not take them down very much. If on the other hand, it were to go ahead and go from that low probability to 1, it would have a substantial potential upside to those numbers. Hope that's helpful.
Philip Johnson: Marc, anything that you will see are some new names for what was previously on the chart as mGlu2/3 and NERI. So you've got pomaglumotab methyanol [ph] which is mGlu2/3, so new name, but same molecule, and then edovoxotin [ph] which is NERI.
Philip Johnson: Also, on European pricing, Chris, probably since our last call, the one thing that would've changed that would be the largest impact was in Spain, where they instituted a couple of new measures, one for those products that have been on the market for more than 10 years, and for which there is no generic reference pricing group, because there's no generic competition. They had asked for a 15% rebate essentially on those products, that compares to the 7.5% that they had been requesting prior. And then probably and more materially for us here, they went ahead and said that innovative formulations, even if they are protected by patent protection would still be subject to reference pricing. So specifically for us, Velatab [ph], the rapid dissolving form of Zyprexa, while it will not have generic competition in Spain, it probably has now been pegged to the reference pricing for the generic olanzapine group broadly. For the insulin competition, this is a sector that we've dedicated a lot more focus to over the last couple of years, in particular, I'd say, with the formation of our diabetes business in early 2010. And we intend to maintain that focus on that business. And we have said before, we are seeing -- it is more competitive, I think, Nolos [ph] is now seeing a more competitive Lilly. And as we would expect, they're going to react. And I would say though, while the insulin business is one that is extremely important, it's going to be a very large part of the overall diabetes treatment market, one that we intend to go ahead and be very competitive in. Our goal of regaining leadership over time in diabetes is not predicated solely on insulin. It really does encompass the GLP space as well as orals. So our focus on building that broad-based portfolio and leveraging that is intact, and we'll continue to execute that very diligently. Trajenta is really very early days. You may have been also referring to the decision made in Germany, where there were some very difficult comparables being applied to what the government was espousing it would like to reimburse the product at, that did not make it appropriate for Boehringer Ingelheim or Lilly to move forward at this time. We definitely do anticipate we'll be able to reach some agreement with the government that provides this product to patients and also recognizes innovation, the benefits that it brings and the appropriate compensates Boehringer Ingelheim and Lilly. So we remain very optimistic about this class and about this product. Again, very early days in Europe on this particular front.
Philip Johnson: Okay. Catherine, I'll go ahead and take a shot at the first two, and if anyone wants to chime in feel free to. So I don't necessarily believe that we're able to go ahead and leverage this in terms of the bundling, if you will, or the -- using different products to go ahead and gain leverage with payers that way. I think that one of the main things that we have been focused on is the ability to approach the physician and talk about what their patients' needs are, and those patients do have different needs over the course of their disease. So this clearly positions us to offer products that go from earlier stages with the oral treatments into the injectable phases with GLP initially, and then, obviously, you've got people who eventually will progress to, and will need insulin therapy, and obviously, we have very strong offerings, which we hope to expand in the future with the 2 basals that we're developing. In terms of the combo, to my knowledge there have not been any active discussions. I'm not familiar, Catherine, enough with the contract. I would think if you introduced another molecule into that collaboration, we would need to probably have some discussions to figure out how that would work, as the current collaboration really is focused on the exenatide molecule whether that's BYETTA, Bydureon or subsequent formulation.
Philip Johnson: And just a little short commentary on that 7% non-FX OpEx growth. Derica mentioned these 2 factors, the BI, the Boehringer Ingelheim strategic diabetes alliance, as well as the pharmacy. You've got approximately 5% of total OpEx growth being driven by the Boehringer Ingelheim collaboration and about 1.5% or so is driven by the pharma fee. And then your last question, Dave, on the diabetes formularies access here in the U.S., each and every year, there are some contracts that are up, not all of them. And each and every year, we have seen a dynamic where we've maintained probably the majority -- vast majority of those we have had. We've gained some additional ones, and then we've lost a few. That dynamic we expect to continue. In terms of talking about specific contracts, often in agreement with the actual customers, we don't disclose the specific contracts that have been won or lost until they actually take effect. I can't provide specific commentary on ones that we may anticipate could come off in '12 or that we may be gaining in '12. We'll have that information probably for you in the January call with the Q4 results.
Philip Johnson: Thank you very much. I'll go ahead, as we approach the top of the hour and turn it over to Derica to close the meeting.
Derica W. Rice: Sure, Phil. Marc, this is Derica. We still are very pleased with our performance in the emerging markets. And as I stated, it's really playing out as we had expected. What we saw in the third quarter is the beginning effects of Zyprexa patent erosion in the emerging markets, and specifically, in Brazil. In markets like China, where we haven't seen that, that's why you saw the 22% volume growth there and the 31% growth overall. So the growth that you saw in the third quarter is according to the expectations that we had laid out.
Derica W. Rice: Okay. Chris, regards to the current pricing situation in Europe, it's actually playing fairly consistent with what we've seen historically. If you look at our Q3 results, you can see price was down about 1%. Historically, we typically see about a 1 to 2 percentage point erosion on an annual basis, year-on-year, so very much aligned. Now, obviously, each government is acting at different points in time, but we continue to be able to manage our way through that. As I think about 2012 and 2013, at least in Europe, we still see things playing out more or less along those lines. Probably the biggest question from a pricing standpoint still remains in the U.S., and what emerges from the discussion around the super budget committee and if there's any change as it relates to healthcare reform and dual eligibiles or so forth -- increases in rebate. That's probably the biggest unknown from a pricing standpoint facing the industry at this stage.
Derica W. Rice: Tim, when you think about the financial impact of -- so how do the numbers play out. Some of that is still also going to be predicated on how our pipeline emerges. So remember in our late stage pipeline, we have 3 new key neuroscience assets, solanezumab for Alzheimer's disease, mGlu2/3 or -- still pronounce the new name, I won't try it, but for schizophrenia, as well as NERI stil for depression. So as those play out, we may see a re-purposing of some of those Cymbalta assets and resources to these new brands as we anticipate gearing up for their launches, assuming that we're successful in bringing those through the regulatory process. So this is how we're trying to manage our way through this period and seize the opportunities as they emerge.
Derica W. Rice: Tony, to your last question, the returns was a little bit less than $50 million charge in the third quarter.
Derica W. Rice: John, in regards to emerging market sequential growth, I don't have the specific data with me at this stage, at this meeting. But we can follow up with you on that, if that's okay.
Derica W. Rice: Sure, thanks. Barbara, just to close out, one thing I would say to add to John's comment is if you think about the therapeutic areas in which we compete, where we have a strong competitive position: diabetes, oncology and neuroscience, those are also 3 of the fast-growing therapeutic areas in the China market. So today, this is a lot of what's driving the strong volume growth that you're seeing in that business, in spite of the pricing environment that's resonant there.  Thanks for everyone spending your time with us here this morning. And I guess, in closing, I'd like to just maybe reiterate a few points. One, Q3 was another strong quarter of our underlying revenue growth and financial performance for Lilly. And it was punctuated by double-digit growth from our countercyclical growth engines from 6 of our key brands. As we head into the teeth of our patent expiration period, we have positioned the company to fund the R&D necessary to fuel our future growth, recapitalize our physical assets and maintain our dividend.  Finally, we continue to make progress in advancing our pipeline, which is the foundation of our future growth. We look forward to keeping you informed as we execute our strategy. And we thank you for your interest in Eli Lilly & Co. Our team will be available to answer any additional questions you may have following this call. Have a great day.
David Ricks: Great. So with Zyprexa, this is a brand that for many years has had a very entrenched positioning in the minds of physicians. And we've been able to begin taking down expenses as early as 2007 in the U.S. on the variable side of the equation. In the last calendar year, we can just say that they were a fraction of that peak level already in 2010, in 2011 or even lower, per Derica's earlier comment. Cymbalta will see a very different picture in the U.S. This is a brand in a very competitive, highly genericized market, with less clinical differentiation in the minds of physicians. We do plan on having a robust sales and marketing effort, much closer to the loss of exclusivity, and therefore, as you think about modeling after LOE, there will be a more significant expense impact post LOE with Cymbalta.
David Ricks: In Cialis, we're excited about the recent approval of Cialis for use in men who suffer from BPH as well as men who suffer from both ED and BPH. We're now detailing to physicians and are looking forward to this launch. To your question about the once-daily formulation, which is specific to this indication, you need to take the medicine every day prior to the DPH launch. About 1 in 4 Cialis prescriptions in the U.S. were for the once-a-day form. We would anticipate with BPH uptake that to continue to grow, and we see the BPH opportunity as a nice growth driver over the main life of Cialis in the U.S.
David Ricks: Axiron in the U.S., as you know, we launched the drug in Q2, in June in primary care against the entrenched competitor. Like any launch in the U.S., your main mission in early days is to drive trial and a good use experience for patients. We believe we're doing that very successfully today in the U.S., about 1 in 4 of new starts in the testosterone class are going on to Axiron just 6 months into the launch. Obviously co-pay cards, vouchers, samples, our key partners ensuring that positive early use experience. But through time, those dissipate as you get more refills. So we're tracking right according to our plans and pleased with the early uptick.
