Phil Johnson: Catherine thank you for your questions. We'll have Ronika handle the question on mGlu2/3. And either Jan or I will talk about Bydureon in the EU.
Phil Johnson: Real quick in terms of the sales numbers on that Slide, John, 10, which is the effective price rate in volume on revenue. You'll see that the full year revenue for Japan actually passed $1.5 billion for the year. And then in terms of emerging markets, as we commented during the prepared remarks, over 10%, essentially roughly 10% of our sales now are coming from emerging markets. I don't have the exact percentages for you broken out by the international, but I think hopefully those two numbers will allow you to make that calculation. And then for John for the Canada Byetta.
Phil Johnson: Sure, Dave. I'll take a shot at your first two questions. Maybe ask Ronika to help on the last one. So for solanezumab, the interim look, your question. I think you're tracking exactly correctly that for efficacy, these trials need to run all the way to completion to be able to have in this particular case statistical powering to be able to show the slowing of progression of the disease. So this will be a look that's a safety look. So these trials can only be stopped early for either safety issues or for very curious signals that there's no way the primary endpoint could be met. They cannot be stopped early for efficacy. In terms of the Phase III data, a couple of the major ones that were mentioned on the call are private ones, I would highlight to you, as well, which would be the DURATION-6 data head-to-head with Bydureon versus Victoza. I believe that should be becoming here probably in the first half of the year. Expectation would be much like we have the past. You probably have the top line results press release with subsequent presentation at a medical meeting. Timing of that medical meeting is difficult to know if that might be ADA or EASD. And then obviously with Alimta, we continue to build out that franchise and are very hopeful that we'll be able to do so with the S124 study that Derica mentioned that is Alimta induction, followed by Alimta maintenance therapy. You may recall that the current maintenance indication that we have is for Alimta used in the maintenance setting followed by a first line treatment with platinum agents.
Phil Johnson: So Strattera, as we mentioned on the call, we're awaiting the decision. We feel very confident that the CAFC should in fact overturn the district court ruling and have included the assumption that we maintain the Strattera patent in the guidance we've issued for 2011. Cymbalta, last update we had, we remain on track for a trial to start here in the U.S. District Court for Southern Indiana on June 6 of this year.
Ronika Pletcher: But you might remember back in 2009, we started a safety and tolerability study for mGlu2/3. It started out as a six-month study. And in that study, our intent was to get better understanding on some of the earlier observations on the mGlu trials. That study, we now have six-month data on that study, which we plan to actually disclose at a European event in April. That study actually did have two additional seizures in that study. Of those two, one of the patients had the seizure actually before they were randomized the drug. And the second patient actually had their seizure after they came off of the study drug and before initiating the typical. So we are now getting that additional information to help us understand. But we feel confident in the data that we have so far on that six-month study to now go ahead and move ahead with our Phase III program. And that's also in combination with our prior Phase II, or Phase II studies that were presented and published back in 2007 and 2009.
Ronika Pletcher: Program? We are really pleased with that program. We've actually initiated four of the award studies, all of last year. As well as, we had an ongoing thing with adaptive trial that is progressing well as well. We plan later this year to actually probably start a CD study. So we're pretty pleased with the progress of that program and look forward to sharing some data in early '12.
Ronika Pletcher: Just to add to that with regards to Cialis for BPH, we have plans. I'm disclosing data here in the first quarter. We have already been accepted with an abstracted EAU in March. As well as -- and the European Association of Neurology will have a combo or at least a co-administrative study with the alpha blockers and develop with BPH. Those are another set of Phase III data.
Derica Rice: One other thing for Catherine for the mGlu trials. In the shorter term of the QT phase studies earlier, as you're aware, we did have a number of occurrences of these seizure-type events. I believe the total number was 8. I think this longer-term data that we're generating only having had two events to date, again, one prior to randomization and the other one coming after the patient has discontinued for lack of efficacy and started up the typical -- gives us hope that this is actually something that will not be a particular issue for the drug. Again patient's age is extremely important to monitor, going forward. We've extended that to go out 12 months. I look forward to presenting our six-month data in April, but the 12 month data subsequently when that's matured.
Derica Rice: Sure. Tim, in regards to your question about the tax rate, let me remind you, there's three moving pieces here. First of all, with the patent expirations with Zyprexa and Gemzar, the mix effect of that create upward pressure on our tax rate. Also, the second factor affecting our tax rate, which also creates upward pressure, is the pharmaceutical industry fee, which is non-tax-deductible. What's creating a lowering pressure on our effective tax rate is the assumption that we'll be able to credit the Puerto Rico excise tax. So that's how we get to the tax rate that you saw. In regards to the 2014 guidance, Tim, we did not discuss that on the call today. And we still look forward to update that at our June Analyst Meeting in New York.
Derica Rice: John, let me start with how to characterize our international sales. So today, about a little over 45% of our total revenue base is outside of the U.S. And if you were referring back to -- if you refer back to Slide 10, you'll see from the PRV, if you look at just the total year here what was really driving our overall revenue growth. So in Europe for the year, we had 3% volume growth. In Japan, we had 26% volume growth. And the rest of the world, so in those markets outside the U.S., we had 6% of volume growth. And when you break that down, you really saw even in Europe where we are already in some YZ aspect in terms of Gemzar erosion, we still were able to drive good volume growth. And so when we look forward, we really see those markets, like the emerging market in Japan, really acting in a countercyclical manner compared to what we're going to see in the U.S. in 2011, as well as in Europe major markets in 2011 with the Zyprexa effect. So this is where we anticipate driving the future growth.
John Lechleiter: Tony, this is John. I'll take both your questions. First of all, we'll be launching Cymbalta for chronic pain next week. Here in the U.S., we feel well prepared for that launch, and we feel like we've got the right sales force coverage for the right physicians to make sure that the appropriate message is getting out there. I'm not, right now, at liberty to discuss the range of tactics, et cetera. But it's obviously a very important new indication for, as you know, for a molecule that now has five or six approved indications in different countries around the world. It's going to be Cymbalta, as Derica pointed out. It's going to be an important growth driver for us in this beginning of this YZ period. With respect to insulins, I think it really remains to be seen how big of a threat so-called generic versions of insulins will be. We're not blind to this. We're keeping a careful eye on it, as you know. Insulins are a different kind of biologic product. Their production outputs are in the thousands of kilos, as opposed to molecules like EPO and others. The capital investments required, the complexity of the technology around insulins, I think, serve as more of a barrier to entry perhaps for would-be competitors, then it's going to be the case in other therapeutic categories. But obviously, we're going to stay very plugged in to this. I think it's very important to keep in mind that we believe the world can benefit from new and improved insulins, which is why we're excited about our two insulin analogs that we disclosed. We were now partnering with BI to bring to the market. In addition, delivery technology has moved a considerable ways since the era of the violent syringe. And Lilly going to continue to pioneer new and more convenient ways to administer insulin as part of our value proposition for all those products going forward.
John Lechleiter: And just to be clear, Bert, there is an asset to end of -- when Jan was saying months. So it's a matter of months. We don't really have a specific time. Obviously we're working through expeditiously with the FDA. But it is something we think we'll be able to address here in the relatively near term.
John Lechleiter: One other thing to keep in mind, Tim, for the 2010 effective tax rate is that we did have in Q1 that $85 million charge due to the future taxation of the retiree drug subsidy that drove up the overall tax rate for the full year by about 1.3 percentage points. That will not be recurring in our 2011 or going forward numbers. And then in terms of the emerging market, as we've said in the call, the full year growth rate was 14% total. Well, actually it's 10% performance, a very robust growth. We did have a spike in Q3 that came down a little bit in Q4 due to timing of orders. Specifically in Q4, we had about 6% total growth, nearly all of which was from performance despite -- we have references that compares to 18% growth in Q3, 16% of which was performance. Some of the things that we saw, for example, Tim, to give some color. There would've been some Zyprexa orders, for example, in Brazil but would have expected to come through in Q4. They did not come through in Q4. They did come through early this Q1. So again, we think, by looking at that full-year number gives you a better trend for how the emerging markets are growing. And again that's 10% performance.
John Lechleiter: Yes, John, I think -- first of all, we're very pleased to have Byetta approved in Canada. And I don't have the label language in front of me but my recollection is this is not a counterindication or a warning. The fact is that the FDA is asking its own questions for Bydureon on QT. And whether or not that's connected with questions that Canadians might have. It's something I can't speculate on, but we're obviously well along with meeting what we understand to be FDA's requirements, so that we can refile Bydureon in the second half of this year, and ultimately hopefully gain approval for that.
John Lechleiter: I just want to mention that we've got FDA action dates for florbetapir, which received a priority review status. This is the Avid beta-amyloid imaging agent. For Linagliptin, this is BI DPP-4. And also for liprotamase, the molecule that we acquired with Alnara.
John Lechleiter: Well I want to thank everyone for taking time for taking time this morning for this update on Eli Lilly and Company. As always, we appreciate your continued interest in our company. We fought, and for the most part, overcame significant headwinds to post strong financial performance in 2010. This was highlighted by volume-driven revenue growth. On a performance basis, we delivered increasing gross margin as a percent of revenue. We gained leverage between revenue and operating income growth and posted a robust 8% net income growth. We prudently managed working capital and capital expenditures, and once again generated strong operating cash flow. We're pleased with our performance and our progress in 2010. We're excited about the opportunities before us in 2011. As Derica discussed, we entered this year with a keen awareness of the challenges posed by the patent expirations we faced in the YZ period ahead. But we have a focused strategy centered on innovation that we're aggressively pursuing. Over the last year, we advanced 16 new molecules into Phase I clinical testing, nine molecules into Phase II testing, and two molecules NERI for depression and our antibac antibody for rheumatoid arthritis and lupus into Phase III testing. We concluded a number of business development deals with a bias toward those that provide current or potential near-term revenues. We acquired florbetapir with our acquisition of Avid Radiopharmaceuticals. And just last week, an FDA advisory committee recommended approval of the beta-amyloid imaging agent if we provide appropriate physician training and successfully re-read existing brain scans. And our strategic alliance with Boehringer Ingelheim includes the development and commercialization of two oral diabetes compounds from BI, including linagliptin, which could be approved this year and two basal analog insulins from Lilly.  In addition, we are preparing to launch Cymbalta for chronic musculoskeletal pain and Axiron for testosterone deficiency and have a number of potential regulatory approvals, including Bydureon in the EU and several pending here in the U.S. At the same time, we expect continued strong performance in the rest of our business in 2011, including the three countercyclical growth engines we've discussed for some time. Lilly is, today, the fastest-growing pharma company in Japan and the fastest-growing among the top 10 multinational companies in key emerging markets, while Elanco Animal Health is outpacing its industries growth, as well. We'll continue to take advantage of this countercyclical growth, as well as the growth in a number of our patent protected products in the U.S. and Europe. Our strong financial performance, our focus on speeding innovations to patients and targeted use of business development all support our goal of successfully traversing and emerging with even greater strength and the capacity to drive future growth. We'll continue to act with urgency and purpose to overcome the challenges we face. And as always, we will keep you informed of our progress. Thanks again for joining us. Have a great day.
