Dave Ricks: Thanks, Kevin. The Company’s focus in 2019 is to execute on a broad and exciting range of new products and indication launches, to build and accelerate our pipeline, and continue to improve the focus and competitiveness of our company. We are pleased with the progress on these objectives in Q1 2019. First quarter revenue grew 5% in constant currency, despite a significant decline in U.S. Cialis revenue due to the recent loss of exclusivity. We made significant investments in key commercial and late-stage pipeline products and delivered non-GAAP EPS of 2% putting us on track to meet our full year financial guidance. Our key growth products, which all launched since 2014 contributed meaningfully to our performance and account for 39% of our revenue. While still relatively early in their product life cycles, these products continue to drive growth led by Trulicity, Taltz, Verzenio, and in collaboration with Boehringer Ingelheim, Jardiance and Basaglar. Total volume growth across the entire portfolio was 7% and excluding Cialis was nearly 13%. U.S. diabetes contributed strong volume growth of nearly 17%. Oncology growth accelerated in the U.S., Japan and China. And our international markets grew volume by 9%, as global launches of key brands continue across our major geographies. Excluding the impact of FX on international inventory sold, Q1 non-GAAP operating income as a percent of revenue decreased by nearly 600 basis points versus Q1 2018, reflecting a decrease in gross margin and investment in recent launches and multiple late-stage pipeline opportunities. On the same basis, operating income as a percent of revenue in Q1 increased by nearly 80 basis points versus Q4 2018, reflecting progress toward our 2019 full year margin goal of 28%. We exited Q1 on track with our plans for the full year. We have invested in our future growth, while delivering strong volume growth across the business. Importantly, several pipeline assets achieved milestones this quarter, including the regulatory submission for the Trulicity REWIND study for CV outcomes label in the U.S. and in Europe. The FDA granted priority review for Emgality for cluster headache in the U.S. The submission of Ultra Rapid Lispro for Type 1 and Type 2 diabetes in both Europe and Japan. The U.S. submission of our first connected device, our connected care prefilled insulin pen. And we had several Phase 3 data readouts. We also announced an updated timeline for expected regulatory action timing for nasal glucagon. We received notification. The FDA has extended the review timeline by up to three months to analyze information requested late in that review cycle. We remain confident in nasal glucagon submission package and look forward to FDA action in the coming months. In terms of capital deployment, we continue to utilize our strong operating cash flow to access value creating external innovation, which will enhance our future growth prospects. We completed the acquisition of Loxo Oncology and in key pipeline assets and expanding our presence into precision medicine. We completed the full separation of Elanco Animal Health via an exchange offer, retiring 65 million Lilly shares with approximately $8.2 billion. We entered into a global licensing and research collaboration with ImmuNext, focused on new medicines for autoimmune disease. We announced a global licensing and research collaboration with Avidity, focused on potential new medicines in immunology and select other indications. We announced an agreement to sell the rights in China for two legacy Lilly antibiotic medicines, as well as a manufacturing facility to Eddingpharm, a Chinese-based specialty pharmaceutical company. And we returned an additional $3.5 billion to shareholders via a previously announced accelerated share repurchase program and $600 million in dividends, representing a 15% increase per share versus 2018. Moving on to slides five and six, you will see more details on key events since our February earnings call, including our announcement to introduce Insulin Lispro a low priced version of Humalog in the U.S. Now, I will turn the call over to Josh to review our Q1 results and to provide an update on our post Elanco financial guidance.
Dave Ricks: Thanks, Dan. In the first quarter, we delivered strong volume based revenue growth of 5% on a constant currency basis, driven entirely by our key growth products. We made strategic investments in commercial and late-stage products, which will enhance our future growth prospects. We have seen good pipeline progress this quarter, including a number of regulatory submissions. In addition, we bolstered our early phase pipeline by advancing multiple assets into the clinic and signing research agreements. We also completed two significant transactions that will allow us to simultaneously focus the business and accelerate our pipeline of innovative medicines, the disposition of Elanco and the acquisition of Loxo Oncology. Finally, we returned over $4 billion to shareholders via the dividend and share repurchases. Speaking for the entire team at Lilly, we remain incredibly excited about the prospects in front of us to reach millions of people, who need better medicines for difficult diseases. And we are eager to continue to execute on the growth opportunity in front of the company. This concludes our prepared remarks and now I will turn the call over to Kevin to moderate our Q&A.
Dave Ricks: Thanks, Andrew, so we will go to Christi for the comment on SKYRIZI and then, Enrique, if you want to talk about the impact on diabetes so then proposed rebate Safe Harbor world.
Dave Ricks: Let me just jump in Andrew, on both of those points. I think it’s important to note in psoriasis two things, one that there’s four stepping through TNFs for almost every patient, if that were to change, I think that’s a big positive for the newer innovation, so the doctors can select appropriate therapy for patients with psoriasis noting that TNFs don’t work nearly as well as in the new classes and amongst those we think tells us the best profile. Also within derm, there’s a lot of switching anyway, so the front-line market is versus the total is much smaller than other immunology indications. That’s an important thing to keep in mind. On the rebate rule we do, we are planning for implementation January 1, I think Enrique rightly notes that the volume upside, the thing I would worry about is rate compression because presumably you would have more facial transparent pricing. But I think across our portfolios, because of the hike consolidation on the payer side, the rates are pretty compressed already. There aren’t big differences between what the payers are paying. So that’s why we lean into this one, we think it’s the right policy answer to help seniors with medication costs and to shift the debate from list pricing to net pricing, which we see as our long-term interests.
Dave Ricks: Okay. Thank you. We will go to Christi for the questions around Taltz and Emgality and then Enrique will talk about pegilodecakin.
Dave Ricks: Yes. Thanks, Dave. So on the rebate rule, again, we are planning for this January 1, of course, it’s Part D, there are some legislative efforts to look at regulating commercial market. I guess, at this point, my speculation would be that looks more challenging either for political or practical reasons. But I do think once Part D changes and I think we are, as I said, planning toward that, you will start to see increased interest from payers that are not in the government systems or commercial payers to have similar benefits provided to their beneficiaries, particularly in chronic disease where list price effects have a lot of distortion and increased out-of-pocket costs and we have all heard the upgrade around that really centered on insulin, frankly. So I think your logic is the right one in the sense that today with rebates which are not share with patients and confidential payers have a strong incentive to keep those confidential and use those to compete on premiums, that’s the way it works. I think in the future world where that can’t be the way they use those rebates, they will need compete for premiums in other ways, efficiency, presumably, and patients will have a choice at the counter based on net pricing. I would assume the doctors are informed about those net prices and that also becomes an influence on prescribing. So for new innovative therapies hypothetically one in specialty market or in a general practitioner market like Emgality, I think that will be an important part of any company’s strategy to understand the net price that will officially be there for the consumer. The final comment is, of course, Part D is senior program. So the demographics will affect us mostly in our diabetes franchise initially and that’s where a lot of our planning is focused right now.
Dave Ricks: All right. Thank you. Thank you all for joining us and we appreciate your participation in today’s earnings call and your interest in the Eli Lilly and Company. We began 2018 with a lot of momentum and we made meaningful progress in our first quarter. Although, Q1 was a period of investment, we remain committed to our revenue and profitability goals for 2019 and 2020. We continue to advance our innovation-based strategy to progressing internally discovered medicines, augmented with external innovation. We completed two transformative transactions this quarter as well, with the full separation of Elanco and the addition of Loxo Oncology. With a robust pipeline and volume driven revenue growth Lilly continues to be a compelling investment. Thanks again for dialing in. Please follow up with our IR team if you have additional questions that were not addressed on today’s call. Have a great day.
Enrique Conterno: Chris, thank you for your question allow me to provide some color on Trulicity’s overall performance. We continue to be very excited about the underlying business fundamentals of the product. When we look at volume growth, we are basically the beneficiary of very strong share growth. We are now sitting at 46%, which is an all time high for Trulicity and with the tailwind of very significant class growth now sitting at 30%. Something to note is that when we look at sequentially volume while scripts basically increased for Trulicity from Q4 of 2018 to Q1 of 2019 by about 5%/6%, our actual shipments declined by 7%. So I want to make sure that we are looking at the underlying business fundamentals and not necessarily just some shift in retail or wholesale inventory dynamics. When it comes to pricing, there hasn’t been a step change, when it comes to pricing. I think of course, we see pricing pressures across all diabetes categories. But it’s important to note that our price this quarter was comparable to our price in Q4 of 2018. Now what we basically see in terms of pricing is relative to Q1 of 2018 is higher rates, when it comes to managed care and rebates. Growth in highly rebated segments, whether it’s the Department of Defense,VA and so forth. And then we also had a negative impact due to changes in the estimates for rebates and discounts.
Enrique Conterno: Sure. Clearly, there’s -- there are new competitors in the insulin space, I think, in the case of EADVI think it’s important to reflect that their most of their share gains really have been driven and managed Medicaid outside more look and Humalog of management are -- our overall script are basically flat, clearly there is an evolving landscape, when . it comes to insulin with the potential entry of other insulins follow-ons. As you know the insulin categories are going to be transitioning to BLAs in the 2020 timeframe. Clearly, there’s questions about interchangeability and when is that going to play out as we said in the past, we don’t view interchangeability or something imminent. We eventually think, this is going to happen, but it needs to be more clarity. So this is likely something that won’t happen before 2021. Now, it’s difficult for us to predict when insulin follows up will come into the market in particular in the U.S., given that some of these products have expressed certain expectation when it come to launch timelines, but have been delayed. Importantly, to note as well is that we continue to evolve our overall instrument strategy and we like to say that we are reimagining insulin systems and an insulin delivery with by basically bringing in a connected care platforms to be able to improve patient outcomes in a much more meaningful way. So we are excited about our overall innovations with systems connected care, but also bringing new insulin like our Ultra Rapid Insulin Lispro that we are developing.
Enrique Conterno: Yes. We continue to be excited about the rewind results for Trulicity. I am going to -- I have a plug here for my Investor Relations colleagues that we have an investor, we are planning on in new investor call at the ADA post disclosure of rewind we saw. Also, we hope to either see you there. Hope there you can either connector be there in person.
Enrique Conterno: So when it comes to Trulicity class or GLP-1class growth, I think we see the same dynamics in most markets, the drivers are similar, which is the updated guidelines that having recently released. So when we look outside of the U.S., we are GLP-1class growth is in the mid ‘20s, given the maturity of the class in the U.S., it is impressive that the growth in the U.S. is even higher than that, but it’s very exciting to see and as a corollary to that, I think the Trulicity’s performance is very consistent across many markets.
Enrique Conterno: The biggest impact from the proposed rule is really at the patient level, because patients will have access to medicine side to more affordable prices. And if you take that threat forward, I think what you will basically see is better appearance, and I think that’s something that we all want when it comes to healthcare, which is better appearance to medicine. So the impact that is not often talked about is really, when it comes to maybe an impact on volume. When it comes to some of the mechanics and so forth honestly, I view pretty neutral overall.
Enrique Conterno: Yes. On the question on pegilodecakin, this is the Cyprus 2 study referring to. So this is a second-line lung study, its Phase II study IO-naive patients. So following first-line treatment, but not in immunotherapy and then it’s in combination with Opdivo in low expressers. And what we are finding, as you know, well, is that IO-naive patients in the second-line are becoming increasingly rare. So what we decided to do was analyze that data and have that inform the next steps for the program. But not continued to further enrolled patients in this somewhat diminishing population. We have remain confident that the greatest opportunities for pegilodecakin remain in lung cancer, both in the first-line setting and in later lines, and also in renal cell cancer. So as Dan mentioned, we will be starting a renal cell study later this year. But we look forward to readouts in lung at the end of this year and then also in pancreatic cancer early next year and remain confident in the opportunities for pegilodecakin across those tumor types. So I look forward to hearing more towards the end of the year, both on Cyprus 2 and on the Cyprus 1 study, which is in the first-line setting.
Enrique Conterno: Whenever we look at sequential growth you -- there’s a lot -- what I call the colloquially a double whammy effect. So we could be double counting here is not to simply add up. One good way to think about it is just if we were to shift 5% of the units from Q4 to Q1 that that explains 10 percentage points of difference, but in reality we are only shipping 5% of units from one quarter to another. That’s a long way of saying that, I will have your estimate likely the -- we don’t have full visibility into the retail inventories, but my assessment is about 6 points.
Enrique Conterno: We are unable to provide additional comments on rewind, but look -- we look forward to seeing you at the conference call.
Enrique Conterno: Yeah. So we are very excited about the tirzepatide and being able to start our Phase 3 Type 2 diabetes study and basically pursuing both obesity in Phase 3 and NASH in Phase 2. We are not providing additional color on the specific obesity trials that we are conducting -- that we plan to conduct. Clearly we need to have the appropriate discussions with the FDA as we engage in this Phase 3 trial, but we plan to do sometime -- that sometime in the future. And as far as the titration question, yes, we do plan to have presentation at ADA, looking at some of the additional titration data for separate thing.
Enrique Conterno: Yeah. So I just first to address the question about the doughnut hole. The doughnut hole becomes a little more important in Q2, I don’t have the numbers in front of me, but in the case of diabetes medicines maybe Q1 is maybe only about 10% of the overall doughnut hole from an accounting perspective, what we are going to see throughout the year. So when we think about Trulicity, while there was some impact of the doughnut hole. It was not material to the pricing results. As we -- as I mentioned, when we look at Trulicity, we do have high rebates in managed care and so forth relative to Q1 of last year, the change is due to estimates -- change in estimates for rebates and discounts. That -- yes, that is basically changing because of how we had accrued them based on a full review of the claim that we received later basically changes the information that we have on hand and we need to account for that as soon as we know that information. So, yes, that is a particular impact that was from other quarters that basically is impacting this particular quarter. So that’s probably as much detail as I can provide.
Christi Shaw: And Chris on Emgality, your question on net pricing and will be more normalized on Q2, what we saw in Q1, first of all, on-demand, very excited about the fact that we are now the number two CGRP passing a JV in both new prescriptions and total prescriptions. And we are on track in Q2 to pass Aimovig in new prescriptions. As we look at the net, we saw a higher than typical free goods as reimbursement was coming on. To give you a little bit of flavor the first quarter had a 57% of commercial claims were reimbursed. We exited Q1 at 67 or two out of every three prescriptions are claims -- commercial claims being reimbursed. So as the reimbursement comes on in Q2, we should see an improvement in that.
Christi Shaw: Sure so, continuing on Emgality in terms of access. First of all, we saw very good receptivity by the payers for this class really given doctors and patients choice. And also not having many if any real restrictions for primary care prescribing. So on the reimbursement side we see the payers coming on board and more and more are coming on board right now our access ending Q1 is 82%. So we do expect that to get better and better over the course of the year. So I hope that answers your question there. On SKYRIZI, the data on SKYRIZI is as expected and as we look at tolerability to compete, the competitive landscape that we environment that we are in really doesn’t change access is very similar SKYRIZI and Taltz all of the newer agents really coming to market and helped increase the expectations of patients and doctors should have on really skin clearance. And so it’s a competitive marketplace, but we like our chances because with Taltz in the dermatology office we know clear skin, very fast and it lasts up to five years, we have seen data that sustained and no new safety signals. And we also have the head to head versus an IL-23 that will be coming out this year which will demonstrate that speed and clearance at 12 weeks and 24 weeks for the IL-23 really show their peak efficacy. So we are looking forward to that and in rheumatology we will continue to compete there as we just released our head-to-head data versus Humira showing superiority and then later this year, being able to look at the regulatory approval of AxSpA. So the competition is fierce, but our chances and our add with Taltz are extremely good. And we don’t care huge difference in the landscape because of really coming in.
Christi Shaw: Yes, exactly, right now DUPIXENT is available, but it’s an injectable for the more severe type of atopic derm and there’s so many more patients out there suffering millions of patients. In fact, our dermatologist tell us atopic derm space reminds them of the psoriasis space about 15, 20 years ago. So we do think it’s a large opportunity and we do plan to be the first JAKs to market. We have released on the fact that our first two studies were positive. You probably saw that we have three more studies to read out this year and then based on the totality of that data, if they continue to be positive. We will be submitting next year.
Christi Shaw: Okay. So for Olumiant, yeah, I think, what we see in the U.S. is it will be slow and steady in Olumiant 2 milligrams RA. Your question about psoriatic arthritis, you did hear correctly, as we look at the opportunities for us to be best-in-class, first-in-class and really enter market with unmet need. In psoriatic arthritis in the ankylosing spondylitis non-radiographic expire as well. We already have Taltz and Taltz has shown very remarkable results and so we feel very good with that play as we look to study Olumiant and other indications like atopic dermatitis. Remember Lupus got Fast Track designation in December. We are studying both 2 milligrams and 4 milligrams in that indication, as well as atopic dermatitis and we have our alopecia areata study where Phase 2 will readout later this year and if positive we will move to Phase 3. So we are still very big on the opportunity of baricitinib as a whole, the RA 2 milligrams will be slow and steady growth and 4-milligram is being studied and we looked at CD efficacy results there and bring it to market if they are positive. In regards to the Pfizer question about what readout in their Jack high dose. So we -- as we look at the data that we have and 55 countries that have approved Olumiant, we haven’t seen unusual safety signals in DTEs and we continue to study, obviously, post marketing research that we are doing in collaboration with agreement with FDA both on real world evidence and in randomized clinical trials, those will continue as well. So no news on -- no unusual news on our Taltz and Olumiant like the Pfizer announcement. And then lastly on mirikizumab, so, yes, we are in Phase 3 studies with both psoriasis and ulcerative colitis, we are very excited about the GI space because mirikizumab should be the first IL-23 to ulcerative colitis. We also finished our Phase 2 data on Crohn’s disease that data will be released at DDW in just a few weeks here in May. So look for that. And then, yes, in psoriasis we are doing a Phase 3 clinical trial with some competitive endpoints in head-to-head data. So when that study reads out we will be looking to see if we can have stronger and more sustained results then current IL-23 in the market.
Christi Shaw: Sure. First of all, Lilly believes in really open access and giving choice to patients and physicians. So we continue to work with payers on access with Taltz. In spite of that, we -- the barriers that we have had -- we had very good uptake with Taltz and as we look at our programs, patient specific, copay cards, et cetera, being able to allow patients on drug and then transition to insurance coverage, we see that two-thirds of patients in the market on Taltz are paid for. On Emgality, as I said before, the commercial claims that have been submitted, we see in Q1 that 57% of those have been reimbursed. And as we exited Q1, we saw that in the mid ‘60s, two out of every three patients that submitted a claim we had reimburse coverage for.
Christi Shaw: Thanks Louise for the question on miri. So, to be clear, we expect to be first in to the market on ulcerative colitis and first of a couple to market on Crohn’s disease. So, you never know, we have been speeding up the Phase 2 trial and look forward to entering the next, but that’s where we are on GI. We are very excited, because our studies are set up to be best-in-class and so if they read out positively, we expect to not only be first-in-class or best-in-class in ulcerative colitis and Crohn’s disease.
Anne White: Yes. So one of the disclosure that we are very excited about at ASCO is the results of our EGFR mutation positive first-line lung cancer study in CYRAMZA. So this is the RELAY Study and we shares top line data in March that the study was positive and met the primary endpoint of progression-free survival. So we will be submitting to regulators globally midyear and approval on this would make the six indication that we have achieved for Cyramza. Importantly, we are excited about the data and we look forward to this oral presentation at ASCO. Also there’s currently the standard of care in this setting and we know that our magnitude of benefit must be competitive with that. We look forward to providing more answers for patients in the setting and also providing more options for physicians as they look to sequence therapy for the best outcomes for their patients. So we look forward to sharing more with you at ASCO.
Anne White: Yeah. So you are correct. So we are looking to deliver our new data to drive additional growth in one of them the HER-2 positive study, which we will report results on towards the end of the year at a medical meeting. The MONARCH 2 overall survival data will readout as we had communicated in the past in 2020. And then we also have importantly the adjuvant study reading out in 2021. And I appreciate asking about Verzenio because there has been an encouraging start to the year. The revenue grew 30% over Q4 and we also are seeing nice uptake across Japan and European markets. So we look forward to these additional data readouts helping contribute to that message. But look forward to those readouts coming as we had communicated in the past.
Anne White: Yes. When we have thoughts on the Loxo question, when we start to move into precision medicine and to obtain a RET inhibitor, we really thoroughly survey the landscape and selected the molecule in the portfolio that we believe to be first and best-in-class, and we continue to believe that today. We intend to submit in the U.S. by the end of the year end in Europe shortly thereafter. So to answer your question, we remain very confident in the efficacy, safety profile and the duration of our RET inhibitor. And we will continue to expect that will deliver first in both lung and thyroid cancer. So we are actually be having -- we are presenting an update on the registrational data in the second half of 2019 at a major -- a couple of major medical meetings in advance of that potential regulatory filing. And importantly, as you look at this data set, we now have over 400 patients enrolled across tumor types with RET fusion or mutations. And so we fully expect the data to continue to bear out what we saw last year, which is in response rates, as you said, from 60% to 80%, with well over 90% of patients remaining on study. This is the data reported last year and then we will provide an update later this year.
