Andy Cecere: Thanks Jen, and good morning everyone, and thank you for joining in our call. Following our prepared remarks, Terry and I will take your questions. I’ll begin on Slide 3. We reported earnings per share of $0.90, which included $0.18 per share of notable items which Terry will discuss in more detail in a few moments. Excluding these notable items, we reported earnings per share of $1.08 for the quarter.  Loan growth was driven by new client wins and deepening relationships across all our loan portfolios, and we delivered very strong deposit growth. We continue to see strong account and volume growth across our fee businesses. Credit quality was stable and our book value per share increased 6.7% from a year ago.  In November, we received approval from the Fed Reserve for an incremental share repurchase plan authorizing the purchase of up to $2.5 million of common stock in addition to our existing authorization of $3 billion. In the fourth quarter, we returned $2.9 billion of our earnings to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. As indicated on Slide 4, digital uptake trends remain strong. We are significantly wrapping up the launch of our DIY digital experiences that will continue to drive more and more customer interactions both on and off the mobile app, as well as higher digital transaction volume.  Slide 5 provides key performance metrics. On a core basis, we delivered an 18.1% return on tangible common equity in the fourth quarter. For the full year, our core return on tangible common equity was 18.8%.  Now I’ll turn it over to Terry to provide detail on the quarter as well as forward-looking guidance.
Andy Cecere: Thanks Terry. We are operating in a dynamic environment and this quarter’s results reflected the challenging interest rate environment facing the entire industry, as well as the impact of actions we took to better position our company for the future. However, as our core financial metrics indicate, we ended the year on a solid note and we are in a strong position as we head into 2020. We view the interest rate environment as a manageable headwind and we are confident in our ability to prudently grow our balance sheet and gain market share in our fee businesses. Fee growth was negatively impacted by several headwinds in 2019. As Terry discussed, we expect a return to normalized growth in credit and debit card revenue this year. In a more stable interest rate environment, as the refi-driven market shifts to a purchase-driven market, the investments we have made in our mortgage business over the past several years will become increasingly evident in the form of market share gains. We are proud of our strong and consistent financial track record, but we are always looking for ways to improve. That means we are changing the way we think, the way we work, and the way we do business. As we move into 2020 and beyond, we will continue to increase workflow agility and speed to market for our products and services while at the same time optimizing our core operation to fund investment for the future. Our ability to leverage the combined power of our rapidly improving digital capabilities and our complete payment ecosystem will lead to higher customer satisfaction, stronger revenue growth and efficiencies, and ultimately improved returns. In summary, we remain focused on managing this company for the long term while delivering [indiscernible] pathway to the future. I’d like to thank our employees for all we accomplished this year, supported by their hard work and commitment to creating value for our customers.  We will now open up the call for Q&A.
Andy Cecere: I think that’s not an unfair description, Erika. It’s not just technology but it’s people and technology, but it’s optimizing the way we’re doing business to continue to invest in the future. Our expense growth was higher during the consent order periods, but as you know, it’s been in the low single digits the last couple of years, including notable items - 2.4% year-over-year in 2019, and that includes optimization and expense take-out while at the same time investing in technology and people for the future, and I would expect that to continue into 2020.
Andy Cecere: And rewards have been relatively flat, so actually that isn’t a factor. That mid-single digit number is a good way to think about the next 12 months.
Andy Cecere: Yes Vivek, the impact of that is because we saw in the last half of the fourth quarter, corporate spend activity slowed. That had been running in the mid-single digits, a little bit higher in the first few quarters. Fourth quarter saw a slowdown to almost flat, and as Terry mentioned in his prepared remarks, we did see a pick-up in the first two weeks of January back to the mid-single digits. So that was attributable to that slowdown, but it seems to have come back.
Andy Cecere: As Terry mentioned again earlier, we expect and target positive operating leverage for 2020. We have a number of levers that we continue to pull to optimize the current organization structure to continue to invest in the future. Amanda, the way we think about is a balance of optimizing today and investing in the future while always targeting that positive operating leverage, and that’s how we’re managing the company. 
Andy Cecere: Good morning, John. Charlotte is going well. We opened the branch about three months ago. We’ve had new customer acquisition growth and current customers. Employees are fired up. We are targeting a number of new branches to be opening up this year and still targeting that number of 10. We’re learning a lot from that investment. We continue to track that and measure our activity and I would expect us to continue to expand in new markets, but our first focus is expanding to our target number in Charlotte.
Terry Dolan: Yes John, thanks. As a reminder, we had a goal of achieving positive operating leverage in 2019, and we did that on a core basis for the full year. When we think about 2020, our objective is to target positive operating leverage and we expect our expense growth to continue to remain in those low single digits. I think we have a number of levers that we continue to look at and pull in terms of optimization. We continue with our physical asset optimization of the branch system, our back office activities, and a number of different things. That’s our goal, that’s our objective at this point in time. That said, as you said in your question, 2020 is a more difficult year simply because of the revenue outlook, and I think part of being able to achieve it is going to be really based upon what happens with respect to interest rates, etc. That’s how we’re thinking about it.
Terry Dolan: Yes, when we end up looking at fee income, I think there’s a number of different things that we end up looking at. I think the credit card revenue is stronger - again, mid-single digits as we think about next year, and that particular line item was impacted by both an accounting item in 2018 as well as a pretty slow first quarter, which we had talked about. I think merchant acquiring continues to accelerate and get strong, and we expect mid-single digits there; and then the CPS revenue, while we saw a decline in the fourth quarter because of a little slower commercial spending, that has come back in the first several weeks of the year, so our expectation in that category is kind of mid-single digits as well. Deposit services charges has been a drag this year because of the sale of the ATM business in 2018, so that kind of normalizes or is at least flat in 2020. I think treasury management revenue is another area that we would expect has kind of hit an inflection point, so while it’s down on a year-over-year basis, it is up on a linked quarter basis and we would expect that to be better than 2020. I think there’s a number of different things. I think the offset to that is if we think about mortgage, when we talk about mortgage, mortgage has been particularly strong the last couple of quarters, but in 2019 it was also quite a bit of a drag in the first several quarters. So again, depending on what happens with interest rates, in the current environment I think that continues to be a positive story. I think there’s a number of different areas.
Terry Dolan: Yes, I think that that’s a fair comment, Erika, and again I think the shift is optimizing what I would call the back office and the branch network, which are being impacted by customer behaviors as we transition to more of a digital environment, but at the same time we’re reinvesting that in technology spend to support that digital transformation, so maybe a little bit of a shift from compensation to technology type of costs. But our expectation when we think about 2020 is to continue to make the investments in the business that we have been making over the last couple of years.
Terry Dolan: Yes, well certainly if the rate environment continues where it is today, our expectation is that 2020 net interest margin would be pretty flat to the fourth quarter with some possible positive bias depending upon what happens on the long end of the curve. That’s kind of our thought process, and the reason for that is the premium amortization that we’ve experienced in the third and fourth quarter is stabilizing at this particular point in time. When we think about deposit costs, deposit pricing, we have been pretty responsive on the institutional deposits in terms of bringing those, re-pricing those down as rates have come down, and I think from here on out, deposit pricing will be a function of both competition and what happens on the short end of the curve.
Terry Dolan: Yes, at a very high level, again I think economically we feel pretty optimistic in terms of what the outlook there is. If you end up looking at the components of loan growth, I think we saw pretty strong and good growth with respect to consumer lending. The area that was a little bit softer in the fourth quarter was really our C&I or our corporate lending, and that’s principally while we saw production and the pipeline continuing to be reasonably strong, we saw pretty significant pay downs that were taking place in that space driven by capital markets activities, and that’s a function of the long end of the curve coming down in the third and fourth quarter. With that stabilizing, while we would expect some of the pay downs to continue into the first quarter, I think that will moderate.
Terry Dolan: Yes, that’s in the ballpark in terms of the amount of--what the impact is with respect to LCR. We’re continuing to look at different alternatives, and part of it is thinking about extending duration a little bit, possibly investing a little bit more in agency mortgage-backed securities, which would provide a little bit better yield. But I think it will be on the margin and it won’t be anything dramatic.
Terry Dolan: Yes, good question. There was an impact of two days that ended up really taking our fee income from low to middle single digits to negative 1% in the fourth quarter. There is one extra day in 2020 relative to 2019, but let me just dissect it a little bit because I think that that is maybe helpful. When you end up looking at the growth rate for 2019, it was really impacted by three different things. One is that there was an accounting change that occurred in the first quarter of 2018 that, because of the lapping effect, ended up depressing growth rates in 2019. In addition, if you remember the consumer spend level in the first quarter was significantly lower and was kind of at an unusually low level, and of course as concerns around the economy stabilized, that consumer spend has come up. That has been in the mid single digits in the second, third and fourth quarter in terms of sales volumes. Then as you know, getting back to the processing days, quarterly results can be lumpy, but when we think about 2020 in terms of on a full year basis, we really think that mid-single digits is a good target for us and a good estimate for us. Our sales volumes over the last several quarters have been in that range, and when you think about it on a day-adjusted basis, it’s been pretty consistent from quarter to quarter. So in 2020, there is one more day and that will help a little bit, but mid-single digits for 2020, I think is a good estimate. Again, quarterly results will be a little bit lumpy, but when we think about the year, that’s kind of how we’re thinking about it.
Terry Dolan: Yes, the growth rates in 2017 - 2018 were influenced in some respect because of some portfolios that we were acquiring during that particular time frame, more so than other factors, so when we think about pricing, there hasn’t been a lot of compression with respect to pricing. We feel pretty good about that.
Terry Dolan: I think that one of the reasons for that is if you think about where the yield curve--how rates were moving, there was concern about a recession, people were uncertain with respect to economic data, and then you had the hangover of tariffs. I think the sentiment on the corporate side appears to be looking better. We’re going to be signing trade agreement with China today, I believe, in terms of phase one, and the US-Mexico-Canada agreement is well on its way, so I think that some of that uncertainty that might have been impacting discretionary spend in the commercial side of the equation has been alleviated, so we feel pretty good.
Terry Dolan: Yes, we’ve talked about certainly Day 1 and Day 2 as part of investor day. The provision will increase. We think that in terms of loan growth, providing it’s kind of that 2% level versus 1.5%, is kind of how we’re thinking about it, but there’s going to be more volatility related to CECL and I think one of the things we’ll end up looking at is just what is the stability in the overall portfolio and what are net charge-offs doing on a quarter to quarter basis. 
Terry Dolan: Yes, we’re very excited about Sage Pay. It is a leader in the ecommerce space within the U.K. and Ireland, and we also have the opportunity to be able to extend that into the rest of Europe. We have a pretty big footprint across Europe, so pretty excited about that as we think about next year. We ended up rolling out sort of similar ecommerce capabilities over the course of the last 12 to 18 months here domestically, so we believe that that gives us more capabilities in terms of being able to take advantage of ecommerce in the future.
Terry Dolan: Yes, so addressing your second question first, the reinvestment with respect to securities is still about 15 basis points or so accretive, so we would expect that based upon where rates are today. The premium amortization does stabilize in the first quarter, so when we think about net interest margin for the year, we think it’s going to be relatively flat, maybe a little bit of positive bias relative to the fourth quarter of 2019.
