Andy Cecere: Thanks, Jen. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. Following our prepared remarks, Terry and I will take any questions you have. I will begin on Slide 3. In the second quarter, we reported earnings per share of $0.99, which included $0.10 per share of merger and integration charges related to the planned acquisition of MUFG Union Bank. Excluding these notable items, we reported earnings per share of $1.09. We achieved record net revenue this quarter totaling $6 billion. Second quarter results were highlighted by strong revenue growth driven by robust net interest income and fee revenue and stable credit quality. Revenue growth was driven by strong growth in earning assets and the benefit of rising rates as well as good underlying business activity and customer acquisition trends across our fee businesses. Additionally, our multiyear investments in digital payments and technology are paying off in the form of strong top line growth and enhanced efficiency. This quarter, we added $150 million to our loan loss reserve, reflecting strong loan growth and our consistent through-the-cycle approach to risk management. Our credit quality remains strong and we are not seeing any trends in early stage metrics that cause us concern. At June 30, our CET1 capital ratio was 9.7%. Based on the results of the Federal Reserve’s 2022 stress test that were published in June, we announced that we expect to be subject to a preliminary stress capital buffer of 2.5%, unchanged from the current level. We believe our industry leading results demonstrate our ability to withstand a severe economic downturn, which is a testament to the strength, quality and diversity of our balance sheet and our prudent approach to managing risk. Slide 4 provides key performance metrics. Excluding notable items, our return on average assets was 1.16% and our return on average common equity was 15.3%. Our return on tangible common equity was 20.5% on a core basis. Slide 5 highlights digital trends and engagement. I will now turn to Slide 6. We believe our digital capabilities and our complete payments ecosystem are competitive advantages that will drive meaningful profit and return differentiation for our company over the next several years. Our state-of-the-art digital capabilities have not only created a more effective and valuable experience for our customers, but they have allowed us to expand our distribution reach beyond our physical infrastructure while optimizing our existing branch network. On the left side, you will see that the success we are having with our State Farm partnership, which is driving more customers, more loans and more deposits to our platform in a cost effective way. The chart in the middle highlights the strong trends, the uptake of our talech point-of-sale functionality, which allows small business customers to manage their banking and payments needs in a simple, easy-to-use format that we provide in the form of a dashboard. And on the right, you will see the momentum we are gaining in real-time payments transactions, which through the midyear 2022 are 10x higher than the total number of transactions we saw for the entirety of 2020. We are excited about the secular growth opportunities we see across all of our business lines fairly, but I’d like – but one area I’d like to highlight on Slide 7 is our business banking initiative, which is really starting to gain traction. On the left chart, you will see that the opportunity we have previously discussed to connect our banking customers with our payments, products and services and our payments customers with our banking products and services. The chart on the right shows the progress we are making in growing accounts and expanding wallet share. Growth and relationships with both banking and payments products has meaningfully outpaced growth in total relationships over the past 12 months. And it’s worth noting, we are still in the early innings. Now, let me turn the call over to Terry who will provide more detail on the quarter.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Terry. Our second quarter results were supported by solid account growth, deepening of existing relationships and strong business activity across our banking and fee business lines and we are well positioned as we head into the second half of the year. Credit quality remains strong and we continue to prudently manage operating expenses even as we invest in our digital initiatives, our payments capabilities and in our technology modernization. In closing, I’d like to thank our employees for all they do and we look forward to welcoming Union Bank employees to our company. I remain confident in the strategic and financial merits of this transaction and the meaningful benefits that will accrue to our customers, our communities as well as our shareholders. We will now open up the call to Q&A.
Andy Cecere: The only thing I’d add, Terry, is that – as you talked about in your comments, we’re making significant process in planning for the closing of the deal, which we – as we talked about, and now expect in the second half. We targeted a second half conversion last time we talked and now – and it was going to be Veterans Day. Given now that we’re coming upon little later close, we’re moving the conversion date to President’s Day weekend. So that’s what our planning assumption is for all the teams working on this. That’s that next 3-day weekend. And as Terry mentioned, our financial targets that we initially articulated are still intact, although the timing of the cost savings might be a little different, the synergies are still $900 million. And Terry, maybe you can talk about, given the rate environment, the accretion dilution per earnings share.
Andy Cecere: I think what drives loan activity more than anything is the economic growth and GDP. And I think from a rate scenario standpoint, in terms of credit risk, if you think about the defense side, Gerard, I think we underwrite to a higher rate environment for variable rate loans. So I think we’ve already taken that into account. And we look at cash flows under different rate scenarios as we think about putting those loans on the book. So we’re less – I’m less concerned about rising rates impacting credit. I do think rising rates as that impacts the economy will impact loan growth at some point.
Andy Cecere: Yes. I do think it’s the – banks are a reflection of all the customers that we serve and to the extent the recession impacts those customers that will impact us. And I think that’s why you’re seeing bank stocks, usually when rates go up, bank stocks outperform. Bank rates – we’ve been waiting for a while for rates to go up. They are probably going up and bank stocks are going the other way. And I think it’s that fear of recession for all the reasons we’ve talked about. And as I’ve talked about, Gerard, I think we are preparing for any scenario because the range of scenarios, and I talked about this before, he says, wide as I’ve ever seen it in my career. The probability of different events occurring, there is a lot of uncertainty out there, a lot of inputs into things that we’ve never had before. And I think all that uncertainty just translates into people being careful and a little prudent in terms of their investments.
Andy Cecere: It’s a good question, Erika. I think there is a little bit of a shift already occurring and what you’re seeing in some of the non-bank competitors. First of all, the banking industry is in terrific shape from a capital liquidity just from a defensive standpoint, much better than we were during the last downturn and that includes U.S. Bank. And you saw our results of the stress test, which showed us performing very well in a very stressful environment. And I think that’s a reflection of all those things, including our diversity in our credit underwriting discipline. I do think traditional credit models work through cycles, sometimes new credit models work when things are going well and are a little more challenged when things aren’t going so well. And so we will see how those new credit models and new ways of doing underwriting will work in this downturn. But I do think that banks and certainly U.S. Bank’s models have been proven through multiple cycles.
Andy Cecere: Yes. Erika, it depends how severe that recession is, certainly. But as Terry alluded to, what we are seeing is the consumer is still in a very good position. They have a lot of cushion we have $2.5 trillion of excess savings versus pre-pandemic levels. For U.S. Bank, we’re still at 2 to 3x deposit level. So they are still spending dollars that they have not spent over the past few years. And as you know, the unemployment numbers are very good. So I think there is enough cushion. And I do think that at least for the near-term, that cushion will allow continued spend activity, albeit, as Terry mentioned, in a little bit different categories, certainly from goods to services and a little bit more in terms of non-discretionary, but we’re still seeing strength there. And again, how that ultimately comes out will depend upon those that range of outcomes that I talked about that’s pretty wide.
Andy Cecere: So Terry, she is asking if we quantify the fee income guide, and we quantified total revenue in that 5% to 6%.
Andy Cecere: That’s right, Mike. Sorry for the squinting, but yes. So, if you index back to 100, we are up just under 6% on those combined relationships that have both banking and payments products and that’s almost 2x what just the total relationships, which would imply just single service relationships are below that green line.
Andy Cecere: I think it’s a little bit of both. We are still, as I mentioned, in the early innings of all this. But I will tell you, Mike, that we have a tremendous focus on this on both the Business Banking segment as well as the Commercial segment. And I think this concept of weaving together banking and payment services into a comprehensive offering is going to be meaningfully important to our growth rates, both acquiring customers and providing more products and services to the current customers. And it is one of my top priorities. It’s one of the company’s top priorities across many business lines. And I do think it’s driving the growth that you are seeing in both business activity as well as corporate activity.
Andy Cecere: Mike, it’s a good question as well. So, Terry and myself and our leaders are being very disciplined about what we are putting on our balance sheet. And I will tell you that while we had strong loan growth, it could have been a heck of a lot stronger, but it wasn’t because we are not putting those deals that are either not appropriate from a credit standpoint, certainly or from a spread standpoint or a return standpoint. So, we are growing good loans, we could have grown more, but we didn’t.
Andy Cecere: Yes. And then on the corporate side, we have very little leverage lending. That’s just not an area that we get into. Our corporate customers are good investment-grade customers. So, they have certainly the ability to withstand especially a mild recession.
Andy Cecere: Yes. I think that’s one of the wildcards or factors that we talked about. We are seeing things in today’s environment that we haven’t seen in other downturns or recessionary impacts. And I think this is one of them. So, we had trillions of dollars of government stimulus, unemployment, and the fact that people weren’t spending given the pandemic for a number of quarters and years and that built up a cushion. And that cushion certainly is impacting spend levels because now they are using it. And that’s that $2.5 trillion of excess savings. And for us, it is that high balance that we are seeing across every level of deposits, zero to $500, $500 to $1,000 up to $10,000, so still well above pre-pandemic levels, but certainly flattening out. And I think that cushion provides a little bit of time, certainly before you start to see some of the impacts from this higher rate environment because people are spending money they already have.
Andy Cecere: So, I think what we talked about is building this capability, this ecosystem, banking and payments. And we have already made a number of smaller acquisitions, talech being one of them, TravelBank being another that have built our capabilities and thinking about helping companies manage their entire business from a receivables, a payable standpoint, money movement, lending activity cash flows and such. So, the acquisitions that you have seen us make us to do exactly that, that coupled with the investments we have made is what’s driving that, what we think is a great opportunity to build relationships and build revenue within those relationships, and that’s driving to Terry’s articulation of that high-single digit growth.
Andy Cecere: Yes, I do think we have the opportunity. I think we have two great opportunities. One is we have a big slew of banking customers. That’s on another chart. We don’t have our payments capabilities yet, and we have – half of our payments customers don’t have our banking. So, we have a great opportunity to provide more products and services to those customers. That’s number one. And number two is, given the capabilities in this ecosystem we are building, we have the opportunity to acquire more customers, which we believe will take share.
Terry Dolan: Yes, Scott. Certainly, with the quantitative tightening that’s taken place, I think the growth rates with respect to deposits in the industry will be relatively stable or maybe even down a little bit. But our expectation, at least in the near-term, is that overall deposit balances will be fairly stable for us. We have a lot of sources of deposits, including our corporate trust and our – the mix between our money market funds and our on balance sheet. From a mix standpoint, as you would expect and what we have seen both for us and in the industry is that the mix starts to change when rates rise. And so we are starting to see the mix between non-interest-bearing and interest-bearing start to change with a shift out of non-interest-bearing balances into interest bearing sort of categories as people are looking at seeking sort of yield. And then when we think about deposit pricing, it’s been relatively low for the first rate cycle or rate hikes that we have seen. And in fact, it’s – for us, we have actually outperformed our expectations, which is good to see and which is a reflection in part, because we have higher level of consumer balances today than we did, for example, 4 or 5 years ago, et cetera. But when we get into the next 125 basis points, so if you think about the next two rate hikes that the market is expecting, our expectations, deposit betas will probably be in that low to mid-30s kind of in that ballpark.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Again, the accretion, when you think about the earnings per share accretion, we still feel very comfortable with respect to the 6% accretion in 2023, a couple of different things. Obviously, the timing will affect our ability to achieve all of the cost synergies that we expected in 2023. And so of the $900 million that Andy talked about, our expectation is we will probably achieve 50% to 60% of that next year. But what’s offsetting that is with the rising rate environment, we’re going to see stronger revenue that will help to offset that.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So our expectation when we get to more of a normal environment is that payments would have the high single digits sort of growth rate. So it’s a continuation of the business. The growth rates that we’re talking about in terms of moderating year-over-year is really from the very high growth rates that we saw post pandemic as the cyclical recovery occurred. But think of payments in the single – high single digits.
Terry Dolan: Yes. I think part of it in terms of moderating the growth rates, part of it is we will start to see from ‘22 to ‘23 kind of getting into a more normal environment. So I think that it’s still probably a little bit of a higher level when we think about the third quarter or in the near quarters, but certainly, as we get into 2023, I think it moderates to that high single digits.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Maybe as a reminder, when we end up looking at scenarios, we look at five different potential scenarios from a baseline to something that’s slightly better to something that’s worse and as severe, maybe as a more severe recession. So I think about that range. For some time, there is been an uncertainty if you think about Ukraine now. And when we end up looking at the different economic and we weight those assumptions, we’re really waiting to a little bit more of a downside scenario. Relative to that baseline, we are trying to take the economic situation into consideration. So I feel like we’re in a pretty good spot in terms of how we are thinking about it. And what I would say, John, is that at least in the near-term, think about the second half of this year, growth in – or changes, I think, in the loan loss reserve will probably be driven more by loan growth than anything else.
Terry Dolan: I think it will be more driven by loan growth than our scenario weightings getting worse, at least not measurably worse.
Terry Dolan: Yes. It was as you kind of went through the pandemic, it was hard to know exactly where the economy was going. So I do think that the level of reserve builds were pretty aggressive and rightfully so at that particular point in time based upon, what we knew. I think that as we see the next economic recession kind of develop, again, John, we try to manage through the cycle. And our underwriting is strong and all those sorts of things. So while there will be reserve build certainly from an economic outlook point of view, I don’t think it’s going to be anywhere near what it was as a result of the pandemic.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Maybe a couple of different things that certainly we watch, I mean from a consumer spend standpoint, it continues to be very strong. From a – and that obviously is what businesses are seeing now that consumer spend is shifting a bit in terms of where it’s occurring. It’s less discretionary, certainly more non-discretionary on food and fuel and those types of things. It is probably shifting away from a lot of the retail purchases toward service-related type of activities. But the overall level of spend is still pretty strong. I would also say that the consumer balance sheet is strong. They still have deposit balances that are in excess of where they were pre-pandemic. I think in part, that’s allowing at least on the average for that consumer to spend to continue. And then they are willing to draw down on their credit card lines as well. On the business side, the way that I would characterize it as we’re continuing to see inventory builds. I think that part of the loan growth that we’re seeing or experiencing maybe businesses trying to get ahead of inflation a bit in terms of acquiring inventory today as opposed to something that might have a 10%, 20%, 30% rate increase. The one thing I would say though, Gerard, is that I think that business owners, especially in the middle market space, are just more cautious today. And it comes back to what Andy said, it seems like a strong economy today, but the range of possibilities is very wide. And so people are trying to take that into consideration when they think about running their business.
Terry Dolan: It would be lower. I mean, the average obviously will be less. So what I’m really talking about is the next two rate hikes and what we would see in terms of deposit betas in reaction to that, so...
Terry Dolan: Certainly, in terms of what we are experiencing, the deposit betas in the first rate hikes has been lower than what we had expected. I think from just in terms of the industry and where we were starting from the betas for us, at least, have been lower.
Terry Dolan: Yes. I think that, Mike, in the commercial side, corporate loan side of the equation, the – it’s still pretty competitive from a pricing point of view. And so I would tend to agree in the sense that credit spreads haven’t widened maybe as much as we might have expected at this particular point in time. And I think part of that kind of comes back to what economy are we looking at? I mean it’s – again, today, it looks pretty good. But my expectation is if you have this type of loan growth and the economic outlook people are kind of expecting, you would expect those credit spreads to be widening and spreads to be widening our loans more, not seen it yet though.
Terry Dolan: Yes. And a perfect example, if you end up looking at the growth in auto lending for us over the last quarter or two quarters, although spreads have been very competitive, they have not been responsive to the rising rate environment. And we are willing to give up some of the volume there, simply because of the fact that returns are not as strong as they should be, given the current environment. So, that would be an example of the discipline we are talking about.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Well, maybe from a credit mark standpoint, I think it’s pretty consistent with what we had expected. I mean that portfolio performs pretty strong. In terms of the mark-to-market from a rate point of view, it certainly is higher than what we had originally modeled out. That will put a little bit of pressure, as I mentioned earlier on the day one closing CET1 ratio which we still expect to be around 8.5%. It might be a little bit lower than that, but – or a little higher. It kind of just depends upon where rates are at that point in time. But as you say, it accretes back into income pretty quickly. And, so it’s not really a significant concern at this particular point in time for us. I do think, Matt, also, we talked a little bit about the timing of synergies related to the cost synergies, maybe with the system conversion moving back being a little bit lower than what we had modeled, but the benefit of the mark-to-market will offset that. So, from an overall earnings accretion point of view, we still very – still feel very comfortable with 6% in 2023.
Terry Dolan: Yes. I mean obviously, we have to take into consideration what our assumptions are from an economic outlook point of view. But as I mentioned earlier, those haven’t changed a lot yet at this particular point in time. And so again, it depends upon the timing of the closing and what happens between here and then. But at least at this particular point in time is the quality of the portfolio is good. It’s performing well, etcetera, so…
Terry Dolan: Yes. So, a couple of different things. As we talked earlier, there will continue to be pressure on mortgage banking revenue. We think about it on a linked quarter basis, third quarter fee revenue in that area is probably going to be pretty similar to the second quarter. But that’s going to be a combination of things, Matt. I do think that there continues to be a little bit of pressure on the volume side of the equation simply because of rising rates. We are seeing, at least for us, the gain on sale starting to stabilize and improve a little bit. Our expectation is that it improves as we go through the rest of the year and certainly into 2023. There is a fair amount of capacity that’s coming out of the system, out of the industry. And so I think that, that will help in terms of gain on sale. From the servicing standpoint, at least from our point of – in terms of how we end up management and we try to hedge MSR valuations pretty tightly. Obviously, the values of MSRs are improving because of that – because of rates. And I do expect there is probably opportunity from a servicing income point of view.
Terry Dolan: Yes. I think there is a lot of uncertainty out there in which direction it’s actually going to go. I think there just needs to be more certainty around what that economic outlook is. Again, kind of coming back to what I mentioned earlier, Bill, we look at a whole variety of different economic outlooks and then we weight them and we have been, for some period of time, kind of waiting them a little bit more on the downside, expecting because of the uncertainty that we have been talking about in the past. So, if a recession hits, we will have to adjust it, but that’s something we’ll have to take into consideration at that time.
Terry Dolan: Yes. I mean I can’t speak for what other people are doing. What I will speak to is that if you end up looking at the reserve rate on day one versus today, the change in that is really probably a couple of different factors, but it’s principally the mix of the portfolio today versus what it was 2 years ago, both in terms of the quality of the asset, but also where we have seen growth over the last couple of years. ABS Securities, as an example, security lending, as an example, is very high quality. That’s where we have seen quite a bit of growth over the last couple of years. And so a lot of it’s mix for us as much as anything. I would say from an economic perspective, relative to certainly day one, it’s probably more on the downside than it was then. So, it’s – I mean again, I can’t speak to what other people are doing, but it’s really mix driven by for us.
Terry Dolan: Yes. I think the greatest impacts will be on the low and moderate income customers base starting there and that’s where inflation impacts the most, and that’s where we are already starting to see some shift in spend as we talked about from discretionary and nondiscretionary. And I think as that continues that will – you will see more of an impact there. But the spend levels continue to be good as we talked about. I will tell you, one change that we are seeing for the last 2.5 years, every month, consumer balances, what our checking and savings account balances have risen every single month. We did see sort of a flattening in the last 2 months. So, that’s moderating for sure. So some of that excess savings certainly is not growing, but it’s flattening and starting to be spent. So, I think as that continues, that provides a cushion as we go into the next few months, but that cushion is starting to at least flatten out. So, those are the things we are seeing. And again, as a reminder, we don’t have – our portfolio is prime only. Our customer base is high quality. So, I think some of those early indicators or early impacts will not be seen in our balance sheet.
Terry Dolan: Yes. And Ebrahim, I would say that if we have a focus from an acquisition point of view, in the near-term, it will be something that’s very specific to a product or a capability that we are trying to fill in. But quite honestly, we feel pretty good in terms of where we are at right now.
