Andrew Cecere: Thanks, Richard. Slide 9 gives you a view of our fourth quarter 2014 results versus comparable time periods. Our diluted EPS of $0.79 was 3.9% higher than the fourth quarter of 2013 and 1.3% higher than the prior quarter. The key drivers of the Company's fourth quarter earnings are summarized on Slide 10. Fourth quarter results reflected notable items that in combined increased diluted earnings per common share by $0.01. The notable items included $124 million gain related to an equity investment in Nuveen Investments and $88 million of additional expense comprised of $35 million of charitable contributions and $53 million related to recent developments in certain legal matters. The $32 million or 2.2% increase in net income year-over-year was principally due to an increase in total net revenue, driven by increases in net interest income, fee-based revenue and the impact of notable items. The Company also achieved positive operating leverage on a year-over-year basis. Net interest income was up 2.4% year-over-year, as an increase in average earning assets was partially offset by lower net interest margin including lower loan fees. The $35 billion increase in average earning assets year-over-year included growth in average total loans as well as planned increases in the securities portfolio. The net interest margin of 3.14% was 26 basis points lower than the fourth quarter of 2013, primarily due to growth in the investment portfolio at lower average rates, lower loan fees and lower rates of new loans, partially offset by lower funding costs. Lower loan fees were due to the previously communicated wind-down of Checking Account Advance, our short-term, small-dollar deposit advanced product. Noninterest income increased $214 million or 9.9% year-over-year due to higher revenue in most fee businesses and higher other income including the impact of the Nuveen gain. We saw growth in retail and corporate payments, merchant processing, trust and investment management fees, deposit service charges, treasury management fees and investment product fees. Noninterest expense increased year-over-year by $122 million or 4.5%, primarily due to the accruals for legal matters, charitable contributions and an increase in compensation expense reflecting the impact of merit increases, acquisitions and higher staffing for risk and compliance activities. Net income was higher on a linked-quarter basis by $17 million or 1.2%, mainly due to the higher net interest income, the impact of the notable items and a decrease in the provision for credit losses. On a linked-quarter basis, net interest income increased 1.9%, mainly due to an increase in average earning assets, partially offset by lower loan and investment security rates. The net interest margin of 3.14% was 2 basis points lower than the third quarter, principally due to the growth in lower rate investment securities, partially offset by unusually high interest recoveries. These unusually high interest recoveries added approximately 2 basis points to the fourth quarter net interest margin. On a linked-quarter basis, noninterest income was higher by $128 million or 5.7%. This favorable variance was primarily due to higher other income including the impact of the Nuveen gain, partially offset by lower mortgage banking revenue and seasonally lower corporate payments revenue. On a linked-quarter basis, noninterest expense increased by $119 million or 7.3% due to seasonally higher cost related to investments and tax advantage projects, higher professional services and the notable items including the charitable contributions and legal accruals. Turning to Slide 11, our capital position is strong. Our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio estimated using the Basel III standardized approach as if fully implemented at December 31 was 9.0%. At 9.0%, we are well above the 7% Basel III minimum requirement. Our tangible book value per share rose to $15.96 at December 31, representing a 10.8% increase over the same quarter of last year and a 1.9% increase over the prior quarter. Our return on tangible common equity was 20% for the fourth quarter. Also, we are complying with fully implemented U.S. liquidity coverage ratio based on our interpretation of the final rolls. I'll now turn the call back to Richard.
Andrew Cecere: The short answer, John, is no. The long rate is less impactful to us. We're most impactful at the very short end and if you think about the middle then two to three years is where we have a lot of impact. We don't have a lot of assets in our book that are at the 10 year and beyond mark, so that's less impactful. Again the short end is the most impactful to us, both in net interest income as well as fee income because of the way we're using our money funds.
Andrew Cecere: Sure, John. So if you think about this quarter, third quarter we were 3.16%, this quarter we were 3.14% and frankly it was a little bit better than we expected and what we told you it was going to be. And the reason for that, part of the reason for that is we have usually high interest recoveries this quarter, and I talked about that in my prepared remarks, and that helped margin by about 2 basis points. I would expect that to dissipate going into the first quarter. So you think about our core being at 3.12%, I would expect us to be down a few basis points in the first quarter from that 3.12% for the same reasons we've talked about, which is the loan mix, principally wholesale versus retail, and then the last tail of our securities build. So we sort of had first average part of it in the fourth quarter, we'll pick up the rest of it in the first quarter. And we are done. We ended the quarter at $100 billion, we're over the 100% LCR ratio. So we're done with it but we'll still have a little bit of a lingering impact, so down a few from 3.12% in the first quarter.
Andrew Cecere: We will grow NII on a year-over-year basis, both the combination of what Richard talked about and what I talked about on rates. So our expectation is net interest income will grow. Now in the first quarter, if you think about it on a linked quarter basis, the first quarter has two fewer days and that costs us just under $40 million. So absent that, we'll be slightly, relatively stable but the first quarter is a little down because of days.
Andrew Cecere: On the merchant acquiring side, part of that is seasonality. So our fourth quarter is typically lower than our third quarter and that goes to mix of business a little bit. If you think about the issuing side, we have a lot of retail. On the acquiring side, we have less retail, more airlines and the like. And you think about when people buy tickets and so forth, this is less so in the fourth quarter. So it's more seasonal, still we're showing good growth year-over-year, same-store sales is just under 5%.
Andrew Cecere: So I would describe it as 2 to 3 basis points given flat rates more because of loan mix than competitive pressure, although pressure is a little bit of it, but it's more the mix. Most of our growth is coming on the wholesale side of the equation and the wholesale has about half the yield of retail. So that's what's driving that 2 to 3 basis points more than anything, and again that assumes the rates flat to current levels. Once and if and when rates start to move, we'll start to see a positive rise there.
Andrew Cecere: In the fourth quarter we have normal activities going on in increases related to risk and compliance positions for the most part, [indiscernible] headcount and [indiscernible] increases. We had some increases in compensation expense related to incentives. But if you peel those two things out, it was relatively stable.
Andrew Cecere: The latter. So I think the notable items, the gains that we talked about, the Visa gain in the second quarter, the gain from Nuveen here in the fourth quarter are one-time items that are not likely to repeat, so [exempt] [ph] from that base that is excluding that think about loan growth in there.
Andrew Cecere: I think a key factor in '14 was the headwind that we faced in the first half of the year related to the mortgage and if you looked at the mortgage numbers they were down 13%, 14% year-over-year which caused a tremendous headwind in quarters one, two and a little bit in three and you're seeing quarter four we're actually flat for the first time in a long time in mortgage. So I think the removal of that headwind will help us get to the numbers that are higher than we achieved this year.
Andrew Cecere: This is Andy. If you think about the fourth quarter, there are two unusual items in total. The first is the total of the notables which is $88 million. The second is our higher CDC or the tax advantage amortization which happens every fourth quarter. That was about $60 million. So if you take out that $150 million or so, I would expect us to be relatively flat to that in the first quarter. Secondly with regards to pension expense, year-over-year we'll see about $100 million increase in pension, of $25 million a quarter, and that is reflected in the numbers I gave you in the first part.
Andrew Cecere: Good question, and it's changing every day as rates move a lot. We had a very good week last week. But right now I will tell you that our expectation is relatively stable total revenue fourth quarter into first quarter. So we have some pluses and minuses and that could change as rates move around in the next few weeks and we'll update you if it does, but right now relatively stable.
Andrew Cecere: The capital differential is about equivalent. So if you think about your 35 on the side from the perspective of our debt rating, it's an equivalent level on the side about the capital differential from the highest levels.
Andrew Cecere: The third quarter was 70-30 new, and because the rate is coming down a bit, it's closer to 60-40, 62-38. So it's coming down a little bit more high on the refinancing side and we are also starting the year strong that way because of the low rate environment. So I would expect it to be somewhere between that 60% and 70% new.
Richard K. Davis: Thank you, Andy. I'm very proud of our 2014 results. We reported record net income, maintained our industry-leading performance measures and returned 72% of our earnings to shareholders. These results are directly tied to the hard work and dedication of our employees. In fact last week I had the privilege of leading our 9th Annual All Employee Meeting. There was a pleasure to once again make this annual connection with our employees and to thank them for their contributions and for our success. I'd also like to take this opportunity to congratulate Andy and Kathy. Yesterday we announced that Andy has been promoted to the Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer where he will be responsible for our core lines of business. Andy has demonstrated tremendous leadership as CFO and we are confident in his ability to manage our businesses effectively and execute our customer-focused growth strategy. Kathy Rogers, currently EVP responsible for Business Line Planning & Reporting including the stress test process, will replace Andy as Vice Chairman and CFO. Kathy has been with U.S. Bank for 28 years and has served in a variety of leadership roles within the finance organization. Many of you have already met Kathy and I know she looks forward to meeting the rest of you very soon. So as we head into 2015, we remain focused on extending our exceptional track record or financial performance for the benefit of our customers, our employees, our communities and our shareholders. That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Bill, Kathy and I would now be happy to answer questions from the audience.
Richard K. Davis: My role doesn't change but it is a chance for Andy to demonstrate the same acumen he's had in the financial role by running the revenue business lines, and as we move through this transition I think as the economy starts to get better, I'm quite excited to have him keenly focused on what leverage we can create as the economy picks up. I'll continue to be running the whole Company but focus especially on the support teams and the compliance and the operating integrity that's gotten this Company to this point so far. And it is fairly transparent, it's a chance to give Andy an opportunity to prove that he can run virtually all parts of the Company in the eventual opportunity for him to run it someday.
Richard K. Davis: Yes, Jon, actually I'm optimistic. So we've been sitting in that 1% to 1.5% linked-quarter for a while and this quarter you see we were at the lower end of that, but for the year you look back and we are just short of 6% year-over-year loan growth, and we're just projecting a higher number for 2015, slightly higher, in the high 6, low 7. So if we are accurate, and we usually are, then we see that as a small but steady continued improvement in loan growth. Let me take you back to 10 years ago, for those who remember though, we are not going to be dissuaded by people who want to compare us to those who are growing loans faster in a given quarter because we never have been impacted by that, but I could remember 10 years ago being questioned on a call like this for why our loan growth isn't as fast as someone else's, and we're just not managing to that point. We're managing to high-quality loan portfolio. I think our quality of charge-offs and nonperforming assets will prove that. And so, tempting as it might be to tell you guys we're going to move to 1.5% to 2% linked quarter or 8% to 10% year-over-year, the economy doesn't warrant that yet and we're going to continue to take market share on the pricing benefits and the quality benefits we've been using for the last five to seven years, and as the economy slowly improves so will our loan growth but not remarkably, and therefore in a few years you'll be satisfied that we have remarkably high credit quality and a continued stability on what we promised through the entire cycle. So, I think we're optimistic for all the right reasons but at a small incremental level from perhaps 1% higher year-over-year than we did in '13.
Richard K. Davis: Got it. I'll repeat it in a different way. What we said was 2014 was the year that we'll continue to keep an eye on any discretionary expenses that would otherwise not be as important given the fact that expenses were going to be challenged and the fact that the economy was slow. 2015, I think like a lot of our peers, we've adopted the Fed's interest-rate scenario which starts to move up in the middle of the year. If that happens, that's awesome. But if it doesn't, we're not entirely related. It's not going to make or break this Company on whether interest rates move up. We're going to control a lot of other things. So the first half of '15, given Fed's interest-rate scenario, it will a lot like all of '14 where we'll continue to invest where we have to, we'll watch the discretionary investments and keep them perhaps, defer them a bit until we can see a stronger economy, we'll add the compliance, operating risk areas, audit areas where we think we continue to need to make sure we're at the right level of support, and then when interest rates hit, we're ready to pop and move on to some of these more discretionary investments. What's really good about it though is we'll continue to grow market share, we'll continue to do well even though there's really no underlying reason for it but the fact that the employees are just better. They work harder, they find more opportunities in each relationship, our employee engagement is at record levels which I think informs employees that are engaged are intensely [indiscernible] where they can do more with whatever assets they are given and they'll continue to do it if they believe the Company's future is strong and that they are part of it. So I'm quite comfortable that in the next six months we can keep doing what we've been doing. If rates move up then we are all glad and we're going to move right on to start adding back, but if they don't this Company still controls a lot of levers and we're not completely relying on whether rates move up and we'll just manage it one month at a time like we do every year and look forward to talking to you when things are better.
Richard K. Davis: Yes, except for the areas where it's either necessary or the opportunity is too great to pass. There are plenty of things where you can get an ROI in the same calendar year with an investment. I'm taking all those I can. But some of those ROIs are three-year paybacks, four-year paybacks, they're great ideas but they're not necessarily the best investment at a time when you're trying to be prudent against an otherwise difficult backdrop. So we'll hold those off for a while longer. We have so far and it hasn't hurt us permanently and I don't think it will for another six months, even 12 if we had to.
Richard K. Davis: Not much. I mean the headlines are sometimes just that. For us the leasing business is part of our very big indirect auto lending and this is leasing, and for us it's probably 10%, maybe 15% of our leasing business, which is a small fraction of our total lending business. So it's not material in every sense of the word literally and figuratively and we do leasing with virtually every other party as well. So this wasn't a core fundamental pillar of our success in auto leasing. So we're not worried that we can't replace it pretty shortly.
Richard K. Davis: So, John, if you look back on 2014, we grew revenue just a little bit over 1%. This is kind of normalizing for all the noise we had, and expenses were up just a little more than 1%, slightly negative operating leverage. So shame on us, we're disappointed, but it's the way it rolled out. If interest rates move up in the middle of the year consistent with the Fed's recommendation, we will see revenue in the 3% to 4% kind of range and expenses more in the 2% to 3% kind of range. If they don't, then we're going to have to struggle to get really close to positive operating leverage just like we did for '14, and to dwell on Betsy's question, we know exactly how to do that without killing the future, but it will be a lot less enjoyable. We'll have to continue to get it through until we see interest rates giving us the benefit of higher revenue. I just want to say, we are positive, we're extra positive of interest rates growing but based on our trust and payments business particularly, more than most banks, when interest rates move up, for us it's because the proxy of the economy getting better that then triggers all kinds of benefits on our income statement, a lot more than just the spread in the margin. So we kind of see the way we're positioned, we're kind of attuned for interest rates increasing because it's the fundamental reason that the increase is going to benefit some of our fee businesses. But we're going to be positive, we're shooting for positive operating leverage at higher levels of both operating revenue and operating expenses, but to follow Betsy's question and time together, if something less positive occurs we're able to adjust to it and we've got a team that knows how to manage that, they've proven it and we're not going to disappoint you guys.
Richard K. Davis: I think the answer is, yes, lots of questions, but latter does it from the former. So here's the deal. We've got this really great opportunity with our corporate payments, not just our retail issuing, to see that and government, we can see pretty much where everything is moving around and we can see directly and very quickly the movement in the, let's say first on the corporate side where corporate T&E is still outpacing, and we're still growing that even with the softness of the fuel prices, so we're still seeing T&E grow which is a pretty good sign that businesses are transferring some of that into other expenses. Consumers are the same. So anything related to energy or gas prices has been coming down but the ticket prices and the number of visits people have made to restaurants, hotels and some of those discretionary things that they would spend money on had absolutely gone up. So, Bill, we've seen at least in 90 days almost a perfect correlation from people still spending the money they're saving on gas through their debit, credit or prepaid cards but they are spending on things that I'm sure that a lot of retailers and the restaurateurs are happy about. So we see that evidence both at the consumer and at the corporate level.
Richard K. Davis: And John, it was a full effect of our RPS acquisition in Chicago that had a full quarterly effect in quarter four as well, but there was nothing unusual and it doesn't bode for any significant change in quarter one.
Richard K. Davis: And there surely will be an inflection point for all the banking, right, where eventually you have to reserve for loans that you're making and [the future may go bad but] [ph] we're not looking at that inflection point in the near term for our Company, we're simply not, and we haven't been driving much income off of reserve releases, so we don't have much to gather again from that, but eventually we'll end up reserving for as opposed to releasing but we are not there, now we're not there for a little while.
Richard K. Davis: That's a big deal. We should have had the applause because that is a long anticipated moment where we're starting to grow mortgage again on a year-over-year basis. That is a big number, Eric, so if you do the math, you'll see that it's more than enough to accomplish that.
Richard K. Davis: This is Richard. Thanks for that observation. I think U.S. Bank moves best when everything is moving one way or another. So the bank was 10 years ago a fairly considerate bank with a sense of all defense, right, we were an efficiency company, no one ever thought about us making revenue, which is save the next dollar, we can merge and acquire companies and squeeze more out of that than anyone else, and that was well-regarded and well-recognized. Then the downturn hits, and that was our first chance to prove, like I said earlier in an answer to John's question, that while we may not look like we are growing as much in the go-go times, we also chose not to take risks and those showed up later when the economy turned and we ended up getting stronger. I know you know this, you've written about this, we became a flight to quality, a place of safety and we played on that. So now here we are in kind of a flat, slow, slow recovery that's almost flat, so we can't prove anything remarkable except to just say we're not going to disappoint, we're not going to surprise, we're not going to get complicated, we're just going to get it out and do a little bit better than everyone else on all the basic tenants. The next opportunity for us to perform is when the rates pick up because the markets picked up and to show that the Bank is repositioned now to be as strong as it ever was when it was on defense and be better than anyone else on offense. So I'm going to hold your question in the rears until we get the chance to show you that when the recovery starts and because of our high credit quality, our amazing pricing benefits that we have based on our debt ratings, that we are going to be able to show you we can be even better. And then I think the multiple comes back, we even spread further from where we are because we're always sitting at this high multiple that people need us to be, remarkable every quarter to prove and protect, but we are looking forward greatly at the time when the world gets better and we can show you just how positioned we are for that, and there's a lot we did in that period of time, in the last five to seven years, to position this Company as innovative, payments focused, trust leader and global. So I'll look forward to that and I'll ask you to ask me the question again when things start to turn, but I think it makes sense that we hold our own position of strength, kind of the yellow flag is out on the racetrack but when the green flag comes out we'll take off first.
Richard K. Davis: I'll tell you I can't answer that because I don't know the answer, but I will say that we're in a closed set of competitors, right, at least as banks go, and we certainly wouldn't trade places with anybody else based on our current position, our size, the fact that we're a domestic city not a global city, the fact that we don't do leverage lending, we don't have high-risk portfolios, and all I'm saying there is, customers, businesses, they're all going to need banks and unless there's a huge alternative I haven't found out there, they're going to need what they need. [It worries me not] [ph] what the government does to impair our profitability, we will be there first amongst few I think at the highest returns and the highest quality to be there to receive those needs from the customers and almost despite – because I mean look, I mean, Dick, we lost $1.5 billion in the last four years over four or five specific government decisions on how to [indiscernible] income and we still had a record year. So we can do this. It's a lot harder, it's a lot less satisfying and it's a lot less predictable, but I think we've figured out how to do this and what we do is control what you can, be very nimble and ready to adjust to the next opportunity, and I for one can't imagine a scenario that would be any more difficult than what we have now, so I'm looking forward to getting a little bit easier with a little more clarity. But I agree, it's complicated and I can't answer directly to your question because it's what I contemplate at 30,000 feet every day.
Richard K. Davis: [Indiscernible] 10 year yield, Mike, [indiscernible] I've been buying them and everything. I mean actually you're playing into one of our thoughts. I haven't included the improvement in utilization at all in our expectation if loan growth goes up. That is an absolute stable starting point. And the way we look at it, wholesale commitments, a lot of banks look at the total retail, we look at wholesale, and that number is at highest point in the mid-30s and today it's sitting at 24%. It's been stuck there for about 18 months. And so to me that is unbelievable upside. As long as we keep adding commitments more than loans, that means that more people have an open to buy with us and that they have an intent to use it, because they're paying for it and so are we by the way, but if they use it, any part of it, even a slightest movement from 24% to 28% or 30%, that's going to be on top of the kind of loan growth we're anticipating. So we're not counting on that to give you the answer, and I do think that while customers look at the 10-year, as Andy said most of them look more at the two to three and that movement is going to be what's going to trigger the decision on whether they want to grab something before it gets too late and whether they'll be glad they prepared themselves with the line of credit that's got an open to buy. That has a lot to do. I think there will be a tsunami effect when there is a period where people are sure that rates are moving up, I think they'll start grabbing the lines they have, they'll start using what they have and they'll be incentivized, be a catalyst for this economy, but until then we're not counting on that as part of our expectations to provide loan growth, we're just doing with our better debt ratings, our better pricing power and our really remarkable employees who've learnt how to tell our story better.
Richard K. Davis: On one hand and on the other hand, [indiscernible] harness. Mike, I don't think those are directly correlated right now, and I say that because the Fed and the Fed equivalent across the globe, they've done some behaviors that are certainly not [indiscernible] and they are not things that we all learned in school. To the extent that they are being motivated by I think non-financial, more political activities and more financial data that might be backwards looking not forward-looking, I'm not going to be able to correlate those two for you, and I don't think our customers are sitting there thinking that way either. So the 10-year stays low, sure mortgage will look great and then we go back to this again, but it doesn't inform our customers that the majority of this Bank until we get to two to three and until that starts to bend up, we're going to stay right where we are and if the 10-year informs us, fine, if it doesn't, it's probably going to be a bit of an inflection on the curve, but I'm not managing to the 10, I'm in management of the two or three, and I'm just not that smart.
Richard K. Davis: The answer is, yes, because you know the math, you knew the answer when you asked it, and where we're positioned is we have a philosophy that we will give back some portion of that advantage when we're competing against one of the banks that has a different pricing scheme and we'll only do it with the high quality customer. I suppose, because the philosophy is in place, if that spread were to widen, then we give ourselves more room to be more competitive, but it doesn't interest a new philosophy, it's just more of a larger scale for us to use and to give our lending offer the opportunity to price more effectively. So it's a net positive, I'm not counting on it, but if it happens we'll take it gladly and we'll be even more successful.
Richard K. Davis: We do, but more than just mortgage, first mortgage, right. So we're already seeing it now on our home equity, we're growing nicely in home equity. Thanks for asking, Richard. Yes, we're actually growing almost three times the market with our home equity right now and we're doing that because we're seeing a lot of people invest in property improvement kind of monies into their homes and not doing debt consolidation, entirely they're doing it for their properties, and these are in some of the states where they are the hardest hit, where the pricings have come, [indiscernible] come back nicely. So mortgage in general has got a really nice I think outlook because people without houses now feel that they are no longer under water and they're willing to invest in them, people without houses that are now above water are willing to use it as collateral for something else, I think small business, and housing prices slowly but surely are recovering. I think there is a social question we ought to ask ourselves is how many 18 year olds who five years ago their mother or father lost their job or their house are going to want a house in the American Dream category three years from now when they're 25. Don't know that answer but I know that the housing stock is not at all overbuilt for the number of people who either need to get back out of their parents' basements or get an upgrade in the house that they live in and we think it's a good business for us, we're staying in it, we want to be in the top five from here to forever and we're investing accordingly to make sure that we're great at originating loans and servicing them as well.
Richard K. Davis: A great question, as usual. Here are a couple of thoughts. I do think – let's talk about the efficiency ratio, it's what everybody looks at, it's a fraction, right, it's a quotient. So one of the reasons I think we can do well is because our revenue grows. I mean there is a very basic fact, like you all know, that if you grow revenues faster than expenses, your efficiency ratio comes down. That's a fact. Banks are usually two parts revenue to one part expense. So it's important if I were to spend $100 million, my team has got to get $200 million in revenue just to keep it to 50% efficiency ratio. So those are some of the foundational points. So number one, if you grow revenue, you can impact your efficiency ratio and still grow expenses because it's not like it's [Pioneer] [ph] where you can't grow expenses, and we've been able to do that but not at the levels we want. I do think the argument at the largest bank level is partly due to revenue. I think banks could do better with their revenue but to the extent that that gets slightly impaired by certain actions, they've got to watch their expenses. And honestly I don't know why are banks in the 60% efficiency. It doesn't make sense to me because if you watch every dollar, there's plenty of money that is not necessarily shareholder friendly that's been spent and you can put a discipline in place where the employees own it first before you're telling them what to do. So in other words we've never brought in an outside party to look at our Company and tell us how to run it or tell us how to cut expenses, where you impose on employees some oversight if they didn't do themselves, because number one, it's intrusive, number two it's really unnerving because if I have to cut 10 people out of a room of a 100, the rest 90 don't know if they're safe or they're in the next group to fall. So I think that is another reason for us to be thoughtful, is that banks need to watch their expenses very, very carefully, and I'm now going to answer out the other side of my mouth that in the last five years it didn't caused banks to be amazingly disciplined in knowing where their money is being spent. I haven't got an answer for why as I thought there would be a ton of banks in the low 50s with this at this point in time. I actually don't know why there isn't. As it relates to U.S. Bank, we do meet every single month, every capital expenditure at U.S. Bank, get ready for this, over $100,000 has to come through a committee and that's a capital expenditure that includes particularly properties, leases or any kind of technology improvement. That's a very low number. We look at about a dozen items every month and the whole team is the managing committee. And so if somebody in commercial real estate needs a special new program that's going to cost them $100 million, I got to look at the rest of 13 people and say, are you willing to add $200 million in revenue over the next three years to offset this, and guess what, when the vote is taken by the group, sometimes it's no. But we all know that we've got to be able to return our investments in a fairly short time. So in closing, if we could do an ROI in everything in less than one year, it gets approved here every minute. If it takes two years, it gets contemplated given the circumstances. If it's finally more than three years, we're very, very careful and thoughtful about it. So I know that we are not improving every single thing that lead to revenue improving three to four years from now, I know we're not. I also know we're improving everything that has the highest value in the next couple of years and the minute the world gets better, I've got a list from most important to least important that will go right back into the coffers, we will improve them immediately and the shelf is full of the next best ideas so that we don't linger and lose any time to get back to spending money. So I didn't answer your question very well but it's the discipline, knowing what you're doing, put in the hands of the employees where they control their fate, give them a forecast to show them what the decision is going to mean so they can make that decision on their own or collectively as leaders and they'll always make the right one and then they don't feel like they're being told how to run the place and they feel like you respect them for the qualities of their leadership, that we do. So that's my long answer to your question.
Richard K. Davis: Yes, I am saying that. Why didn't I just say that? Why do I talk so much, Nancy, what's wrong with me? Yes, that's what I meant.
Richard K. Davis: I think in terms of a lifecycle, it goes away for all of us on this phone. It could go back, come back in a few years and has another 10 to 15 year lifecycle, but in this half-generation, I think by all accounts, exclamation point, this one is dead.
