Andy Cecere: Thanks, Jen. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. Following our prepared remarks, Terry, Jody, Mark and I will take any questions you have. I'll begin on Slide 3. In the second quarter, we reported earnings per share of $1.28. we released $350 million in loan loss reserves this quarter supported by our outlook on the economy, and continued improvement and credit quality metrics. The pace of which has been better-than-expected. Net Revenue totaled $5.8 billion in the second quarter. As expected, net interest income grew in the second quarter, while our fee businesses benefited from improving consumer and business spending trends. Notably, as of late June, total sales volumes for each of our three payments businesses, credit and debit card, merchant acquiring and corporate payment systems were above 2019 levels for the first time since the beginning of the pandemic. Our expenses were relatively stable compared with the first quarter. Turning to capital, our book value per share totaled $31.74 at June 30, which was 4% higher than March 31. During the quarter, we returned 79% of our earnings to shareholders in the form of dividends and share buybacks.  Following the results of the Federal Reserve's stress tests in late June, we announced that management will recommend that our Board of Directors approve a 9.5% increase in our common dividend in the third quarter payable in October. Slide 4 provides key metrics including a return on tangible common equity of 20.9%. Slide 5 highlights continued strong trends in digital activity. Now let me turn the call over to Terry, who will provide more detail on the quarter.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Terry. Our second quarter results came in as-expected and there are many reasons we are optimistic as we head into the second half of the year. The economy continues to recover towards pre-pandemic activity levels and the consumer and business spending activity continues to improve. Credit quality trends have been a positive surprise. And our payments volumes have come back a bit faster than we expected as recently as a few months ago. We are well-positioned for the cyclical recovery that we expect to play out over the next several quarters. More importantly, we are well-positioned to deliver on superior growth and industry-leading returns on equity over the next several quarters, given our business mix, our comprehensive and holistic payments and banking capabilities, and our expansive distribution model supported by world class digital capabilities. I'd like to thank our employees for their hard work and dedication throughout the year. We will now open up the call to Q&A.
Andy Cecere: Yes, I think it's a combination of things, Betsy, and maybe just by kind of talk a little bit about payments, again, overall, I think three things to kind of keep in mind in terms of the payments businesses in total. And that is the sales volume momentum continues to be very strong, especially when you exclude the airline and T&E sort of activities. Airlines and T&E continue to be lagging, but are getting stronger. In fact, if you listen to any of the airline sort of quarterly results, the leisure travel is really back to pre-pandemic levels and business travel is starting to pick up pretty nicely. The other thing I would just say is that corporate T&E continues to be the one area that is still down quite a bit, but it is improving a little bit faster than maybe what we had expected. The one area I would just say or highlight is let me talk a little bit about maybe the three components. If we first take a look at credit and debit card revenue, again, sales volumes are particularly strong in that area, as an example, credit sales in the second quarter, we would expect it to continue maybe slightly lower rate, but credit sales are about 20% when you exclude travel and entertainment. Debit card sales are about 27%. So the second quarter was particularly strong, and we expect that type of momentum to continue. The one thing that I would say though, is that third quarter of last year was the peak with respect to prepaid card processing revenue. And that has been slowly normalizing, but we really kind of expect third quarter to be back closer to what would be a normal level. The second thing that is going to end up impacting credit and debit card revenue for the third quarter is that we are taking the opportunity to invest in growth. So we're giving up some near-term growth opportunity in order to be able to generate customer account acquisition. The other thing that I would just mention maybe from a prepaid card perspective, on a normal basis represents about 10% to 11% of that overall credit and debit card revenue category. And it's that factor of it normalizing plus the investment that's really going to cause the overall payment revenues to be fairly stable relative to the second quarter.
Andy Cecere: Yes. So I think we mentioned this last quarter, but we're now back to fundamentally the credit box that we had on a pre-pandemic level really across all the product categories.
Andy Cecere: Yes. I mean, we certainly have that expectation. We've made some very nice investments across many different categories within our business, whether it's in the mortgage business, we see the benefit, especially as that starts to shift toward refinance -- away from refinancing toward the purchase mortgage. Our digital capabilities there will be very beneficial. I think that we continue to see strong growth with respect to auto end of term gains, the payments businesses where we've made investments, for example, in treasury management sort of capabilities and things like that, that is starting to pay off. So the answer is yes. I think we feel very confident that the investments that we have been making are going to allow us to generate some nice fee growth as we think about the future.
Andy Cecere: I agree, Terry. And I think in addition to what you said, which is sort of the current case, I would point to our focus on business banking, and this weaving together of the banking and payments capabilities into a comprehensive product set. And as a reminder, we have just over a million business banking customers with less than 40% penetration. I think it presents a lot of opportunity. And we've talked about the fact that we expect to grow that revenue base 25% to 30% over the next few years. So I think that's an additional opportunity in addition to what Terry talked about.
Andy Cecere: So, Scott, this is Andy. We -- as Terry talked about the investments we are making on the digital front and the capabilities around software and tech-led, and I think that has really put us in a great spot. But I think even more important is this weaving together, like I referenced earlier of the banking and the payments into a comprehensive product set to help these companies run their businesses so that banking payments combination, I think is particularly important. And the fact that we have strong banking capabilities and strong payments capabilities as I think, how good we're going to differentiate ourselves. And it's on two fronts. One is to extend the current capabilities to current customers, but more importantly to achieve customer acquisition at higher growth rates. So that's where we're focused on.
Andy Cecere: Yes. So, Bill, the opportunity on the consumer side, I think continues to be the economic recovery that's occurring and the strengthen in payments and Terry talked about the trends across all three of the payments categories, particularly card spend, and even things like travel entertainment, while still lower, weaker than pre-pandemic levels coming back strong and rapidly. So that's a positive. And then we have sort of the secular trend that I talked about, which was in the business banking side, which is this combination of payments and business. And so those the economic recovery on the consumer side, and the secular focus on the business side would be the two areas, I would emphasize.
Andy Cecere: Yes, one of the reasons we're investing in all these digital capabilities because we want to be the very best in terms of digital and have great capabilities to serve our customers. And that combined with the human element -- finance is complicated, and having people in addition to digital, I think is critically important. So that's how we think we're going to effectively compete in long run and that's what we're focused on.
Andy Cecere: I agree, Terry. We actually -- we've talked about the payment rate being high 30s or 38% in the second quarter, but it's also stabilized. It was growing for a number of quarters and which has put pressure obviously on the card balances, but stabilization on that payment rate combined with increased spend, I think will perhaps lead to growth in the next few quarters on the card side.
Andy Cecere: Most of our activity is from our dealer finance business, and it's mostly new activity. There is some used in there, but I would say majority is new.
Andy Cecere: Yes, I think that's right. Terry, it's about $120 million in the first quarter negative and about $28 million in the second quarter, I guess.
Andy Cecere: Yes. Well, anytime you're going through both customer account acquisition as well as the volumes are expanding, et cetera, your rebates, residuals, your card acquisition costs, all sorts of things are part of that revenue line. And so, the extent that is ramping up it's going to moderate -- quarter-over-quarter sort of growth. I mean, Vivek, we're always constantly sort of investing in that business. It's just kind of relative from one quarter to the next, how much we're investing at any particular point in time. We just think that given the strong sales momentum, the opportunity at this particular point in time to make those investments, we just think it's the right thing to do.
Andy Cecere: Yes, Mike, it's Andy. We're spending a lot of time on that internally and I'll tell you what, we're going to put something in the earnings release in deck by the end of the year to give you more information on this. We are looking at it on a regular basis. It's one of our top priorities. I think it's a huge opportunity both from a increased penetration to current customers as well as customer acquisition, and we'll give you more on this before the end of the year.
Andy Cecere: Sure, Scott. So as we've talked about, we want to be disciplined and have been about -- and opportunistic when it comes to M&A and any deal that we would look at would need to make strategic and financial sense and consistent with our guidelines. And I think the executive order will mean that will be additional attention for bank M&A. But we believe ultimately decisions will be driven by what's best for all stakeholders and that's how we're thinking about it.
Andy Cecere: Terry, I agree. And the only other key factor I think is many companies are awash in liquidity. They have strong balance sheets, they've been becoming more efficient and their balance sheets are strong, which would reflect in our deposits on the left -- on the right side of the balance sheet. So I think that's another factor.
Andy Cecere: So I think that we U.S Bank, and we the industry have certainly benefited from a deposit growth standpoint because of the Fed balance sheet. I don't think there's any dispute around that. I do think as that starts to diminish, you'll see some impact in deposits, but I also would point out that some deposits have also or some funds have also moved off balance sheet to money market funds. This is again this mix we have in this opportunity to go either on balance sheet or off balance sheet. So might -- some might migrate more to the on balance sheet component in that environment.
Andy Cecere: Yes, Bill. So we've talked about the factors. Here's a few ways that we continue to grow and expand from a consumer and retail business standpoint. One is continued acquisition with our core organic initiatives around digital acquisition and focusing on that which we're making great progress on. The second is this concept of digital first branch light expansion like we were doing in Charlotte, North Carolina, where we've have fewer branches and really leveraging data and digital capabilities. The third is partnerships, like what we've done with State Farm. 19,000 agents who are really working to refer our card and deposit products. It's just an extension nationwide of our capabilities. And the fourth would be more traditional M&A, and we look at all those opportunities depending upon what's in front of us.
Terry Dolan: Yes, there's a couple of different things. We mentioned that asset-backed securitization lending has been strong, and it's been continuing to improve. I think that's one of the things that we are seeing in that particular category. The one thing though that we're continuing to watch is that the payoffs, or pay downs continue to occur. And that's simply because the rate environment, the capital markets activities continued to be fairly strong. And I also think it's going to take a little bit of time for C&I to develop simply because the amount of liquidity that customers have and are continuing to generate.
Terry Dolan: And, Matt, we're going to continue to manage expenses relatively stable with the headwinds we have in revenue, like you talked about the flat yield curve and margin and loan growth being a little bit challenged, but we will manage flat in this environment and then positive operating leverage in a more normal revenue environment.
Terry Dolan: Yes, Matt, so like you referenced, a few years ago, we did sell but that was equities and bond business. We continue to retain the money market business and in fact have about $161 billion of assets under management. And so this essentially doubles that base with a particular focus on government, which is the space around government investment pools. And it fits very nicely into our government banking business or treasury management, and particularly our corporate trust business. So it's a nice add on to a business we're already in that gives us additional scale on customer acquisition.
Terry Dolan: Yes, great question. And currently I think we have capacity under our buyback program. It's about a $3 billion program and we have purchased about half of that thus far. So we'll continue to purchase under that buyback program. And then we certainly have the opportunity to be able to expand that or replace it in the future. We think about deploying or utilizing capital kind of along the various priorities organic growth being really the top priority and the dividend, as Andy talked about earlier. Then we look at inorganic sort of opportunities to the extent that they might present themselves or product sort of capabilities, and then the buyback program. So, that's kind of how we end up prioritizing it. From a timing standpoint, I think we're going to continue to watch both from an economic standpoint, but we're just going to be opportunistic in the market when it makes sense to be buying back shares.
Terry Dolan: Yes, a great question. It's a little hard to know exactly what the implications are of other actions that it has on us. But maybe when I end up looking at where our growth is occurring, that the strongest growth is really coming from our consumer and business banking segment rather than on the institutional side. The institutional has actually probably been staying relatively flat or even coming down based upon rates that are being offered, et cetera. But the strong growth is really on the consumer side and we think that that's because of our digital capabilities and customer acquisition sort of strategies, and then the liquidity that customers have.
Terry Dolan: Yes, I mean a big part of that is just what rates have done. But let me kind of step back, I mean, we had a really nice quarter in terms of the growth that was driven in part by the investment portfolio growth that we had in the second quarter. We were opportunistic in investing when the 10-year was kind of in that 175 range and we put some cash to work at that particular point in time. We also saw some benefits associated with the premium amortization expense being a little bit lower. When we think about the second, or the next quarter, I think maybe the puts and takes are going to be -- we expect loan growth to be relatively flat, but modestly stronger than what we saw on the linked quarter basis in the second quarter. Our expectation is that the long end of the curve comes up a little bit, but is not much. And then, I think that the margin is relatively stable. So, I think, when we end up looking at the various components of it, that's kind of how we think about it. Loan growth, we are seeing it in that asset-backed securitization lending. We do expect consumer lending to get a little bit stronger, because of the consumer spend activities that are taking place. Andy talked about the payments rates have kind of hit, we think a high in the credit card space. We saw some nice growth right at the end of the June timeframe. And while they'll continue to be at elevated levels, I think that the effects are not increasing, they may be coming down a little bit will help credit card balances as well. And then maybe when we also think about loan growth, auto lending continues to be very strong. And I think it's really kind of a combination of all those different types of things.
Terry Dolan: Yes, mortgage banking, obviously, it hit its high in the second quarter of last year. And then it's been coming down simply because the refinancing activities have been slowing over time. When we think about the mortgage banking business, it has been influenced by that refinancing. But today the mix of purchase versus refinancing is about 60% purchased, 40% refinanced. Mortgage banking revenues are kind of back to what I would call pre-pandemic sort of level that we saw in the fourth quarter of 2019, first quarter of 2020, kind of in that ballpark. So, I actually think that mortgage banking is kind of back to that pre-pandemic level and the investments that we've made in our digital capabilities, our retail, mortgage business, and all those sorts of things will help us compete. We have been taking market share, especially in the purchase mortgage side of the equation, I think that's all kind of beneficial.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Again, we haven't necessarily disclosed all of that. I mean, from a capital usage perspective, it would be relatively insignificant. I think that one of the benefits may be of acquiring at this particular point in time is that if we do start to see rising rates, the benefit of recapturing some of the fee waivers that business has been experiencing, that's all upside to how we were thinking about the business when we ended up acquiring it. So, again, a nice acquisition for us because it gets us into that local government investment pool market. We will have a number one market share in that particular space. But, overall, from a company perspective, it's just complimentary to the money market asset management business that we have.
Terry Dolan: Yes, I mean, the delta first to second quarter wasn't significant. And when we think about second or third quarter, we don't think that is going to be significant in terms of, for example, fee recognition.
Terry Dolan: Not really. I mean, no -- I mean, anytime you have recoveries, you have a little bit of a benefit associated with that, but nothing of significance.
Terry Dolan: Yes, I'm trying to remember in the first quarter, I think the net impact was about $140 million, kind of in that ballpark. So that would be kind of the benefit that we ended up seeing. So the first quarter it was $120 million and it was -- it's probably about $100 million of differential.
Terry Dolan: Yes, I don't think that the amount of the drag increases in the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter, but that’s right.
Terry Dolan: Yes, I mean, I would expect that the reduction in premium amortization in third quarter will be kind of similar to what we saw in the second quarter. And the margin impact over time as it was going up was somewhere between 2 and 4 basis points, kind of on a linked quarter basis. So, I think that you could kind of expect that same sort of benefit in, for example, the third quarter. It starts to dissipate or moderate as we kind of get out into late fourth and into 2022.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So maybe from a -- from an overall tech spend, we talked about the fact that we make investment of about $2.5 billion in technology kind of broadly. Well, half of that is capital expenditure, but half of that is what I would call kind of run rate, if you will. We have been running at that level for some period of time. And the increase that you're seeing, Mike, is really as you're making those investment, it takes a little bit of a time for it to kind of get into the run rate, if you will. The -- I would expect that -- we don't anticipate when we think about going forward that tech spend amount will change a lot. I think the -- what we end up focusing on I think has been changing over time. For example, if I were to step back 3, 4 years ago, it was less offence more defense. And today it's probably 60%, 65% offence related around our digital initiatives, tech stack modernization, those sorts of things as opposed to playing -- having to play defense. So I think the shift is good, because it's more forward leaning and more revenue generating sort of activities as opposed to defense. And I think -- go ahead, I'm sorry. 
Terry Dolan: Yes, I mean, I do think that commercial on demand will start to pick up. I think it's just -- it's a matter of timing, when does that actually occur. And I do think that they have to get through the -- that excess liquidity, or at least some of that. And they also -- I think that they need to start making those capital expenditures, and we're starting to see that. I mean when we talk across our markets, I think that the, for example, middle market customers are certainly much more optimistic today than they were even a quarter or two quarters ago. And that usually translates into making longer term sort of business investment. And so, I think that we'll continue to kind of see that. I do think that we’re -- I do think that supply chain is impacting to some extent. But I think that that's more transitory, I think that will dissipate over time in terms of the impact.
Terry Dolan: Yes, I think, Gerard, a number of our manufacturing companies in particular are passing on some of the increased supply costs that they're recognizing and it is a factor in their pricing as well. So I do think some of it is being passed on, a lot of it's being passed on. And I think this question around how transitory this is, is one that is often debated. But I can tell you right now, it's impactful, how long it lasts, I'm not sure.
Terry Dolan: Yes, Mike. So I think like I mentioned before, we're going to manage expenses flat in this challenging revenue environment. And the challenging revenue environment is a function of the things we talked about, which is this lower than normal loan growth is flat and low yield curve and the function of still returning to normalization and things like travel entertainment and so forth. So flat until we get normal and then positive operating leverage when we start to get to a more normalized revenue environment. That's how we're managing the company.
