Andy Cecere: Thanks Jen. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining our call. Terry and I will discuss third quarter results and provide you with some forward-looking guidance, after that, we'll take your questions. I'll start in Slide 3 of the presentation. Third quarter net income totaled $1.6 billion or $0.88 per diluted share. Our performance was highlighted by record revenue in net income and earnings per share and our return on tangible common equity was 18%. Slide 4 highlights our key profitability metrics, each of which improved on both the linked quarter and year-over-year basis. The return on average assets for the third quarter was 1.38% and return on common equity was 13.6%. You can see on the far right of the chart that our efficiency ratio improved to 54.3%. On our second quarter earnings call, I told you that we will deliver positive operating leverage in the third quarter on a year-over-year basis and we did.  Our revenue growth remained strong in the third quarter while our year-over-year expense growth dropped to 3.7% which is a significant improvement compared with the year-over-year growth rate we've experienced over the past several quarters. The above normal expense growth rate over that timeframe was primarily tied to expenses incurred to address the AML consent order. The people and processes needed to address these issues are substantially in place. And these costs have beginning to normalize towards the company's overall expense growth rate. We've reached in inflection point and we expect to deliver positive operating leverage on a year-over-year basis in the fourth quarter and in 2018.  I want to emphasize, however, that we'll continue to make prudent investment in our business to world that is changing at a faster pace never before. We are embracing the new reality of constant change and evolving customer behavior. Our ability to leverage technology and innovation to drive growth and improve efficiency will be fundamental component of our success. While the banking environment continues to evolve, our balance sheet is strong and growing. Credit quality is stable, we are winning market share in our businesses and we are delivering positive operating leverage. In summary, we are well positioned heading into the end of the year and looking ahead to 2018. Terry will now provide some details on the quarter. 
Andy Cecere: Thanks Terry. This company has a history that is remarkable for its consistent high performance. But we are always looking for ways to improve. This is the time to look ahead and I am very optimistic about the future .At its core banking is a relatively simple business. As with anything execution will be the differentiator. The winners in this industry would be those banks that anticipate customer preferences and deliver the product and services they demand in a most convenient and efficient manner. Towards that end, every single leader in this company is focused on two mandates. First, deliver on the promise of one US Bank by putting the customer at the center of every discussion and every decision regardless which door their customer walk through. Second, figure out how to optimize everything we do whether it's optimizing the customer experience, the distribution model or the customer relationship. Figure out the most efficient and most valued way to deliver the highest quality product and services and then do it. If we execute effectively, which I'm confident we'll, results not only the industry leading but improving returns. And we will deliver those results within the parameters of a risk management framework that considers both the current and future environment.  I am looking forward to leading this company to the next phase of its evolution. Supported what I truly believe is the best team in the banking industry. That concludes our formal remarks. Terry, Bill and I will now be happy to answer your questions. 
Andy Cecere: And Terry you focused on average deposit being core relatively stable because any day period end could be very volatile given the trust. 
Andy Cecere: The only thing I would add to your question Erika is that on the expense side the equation as we mentioned in our prepared comments, I think we've reached an inflection point in terms of their higher growth rate that we've seen in the past. What you saw this quarter is more consistent with that 3% to 5% that we talked about. So balance sheet growth together with the income growth that Terry articulated and more normalized expense growth will give us that positive operating leverage. 
Andy Cecere: So, Erika we are projecting what the market has in terms of rate increases both in December and then for next year. And that's set of assumptions that we are using to talk about and discuss positive operating leverage. To the extent that doesn't happen, we'll continue to manage expenses as best as we can like we always have and making sure we have the balance for the short-term result as well as the long-term investment in the businesses to make sure we can have growth going forward. So that's something we've always done and we'll continue to do.
Andy Cecere: John I'll start and then ask Bill to add some more color. So first of all it is lower than what we would expected over the long term and what we are seeing with our customers are couple of things. Number one is Terry mentioned taking advantage of lower yield curve and low rates, the lock in either to dead issuance and sometimes pay down bank lending activity is impacting us. So that's one. Second is much of the growth that we are seeing is M&A related and that I would call core CapEx and expansion. And I think that's a little bit of function of waiting for more clarity and certainty around principally tax policy and tax rates. And I think that will be a key driver of accelerated loan growth in 2018 when there is more clarity around tax policy. We also have some nuisances within category so let me ask Bill to talk about.
Andy Cecere: And I'd also mention that John our revolvers, utilization rate on a commercial revolvers are still right around 24% -25% that's about 10 points below what I would say is normal. So we are still growing commitment. We are taking market share but the utilization continues to be at low level. 
Andy Cecere: And again Bill they are -- they are prime portfolios, their average cycle on the leasing side 770 so nothing is going down stream in terms of that credit. 
Andy Cecere: So as we've talked about before that the story and that has not changed. Betsy, the people processes and technology what we -- pretty much in place by the end of the year. They are almost on a place, we have a few more technology releases but that part of the spend, which is the bulk of it that will be in place by the end of the year. And then we'll see the compliance related expenses migrate more towards what I'd call a normal expense rate. I don't expect them to go down because we have to continue to maintain the levels we have but I'd expect them to normalize and that will normalize our overall expense growth rate back to that 3% to 5% like you saw this first quarter. With regard to the consent order overall, once those people processes and technology component have in place we go into a sustainability mode which is proving the back that they are working as intended and that will start beginning of 2018 and flow into what I would expect the middle of 2018.
Andy Cecere: Betsy, our M&A activity hasn't really been impacted by this. There hasn't been traditional bank deal that we not been able to do that we wanted to do because of the consent order. Our M&A has been focused on categories like card portfolios, payments businesses as well as trust and fund services. Both that deals that we've been able to do, we continue to look at and I'd expect that our emphasis and focus going forward would continue to be on those deals. If after a consent order exit we see an opportunity on our traditional banking, yes, we will take a look at it but it have to be meeting our criteria which is increasing our market share in our current states having the core customer capabilities that we are looking for and so forth. But it's not causing a significant disadvantage today.
Andy Cecere: So Betsy we are looking at a number of different products in that category and that maybe something we pursue over the next few quarters over the next year. 
Andy Cecere: Yes. So I think one that's doing very well is our mortgage partnership with Blend which is online application tool, mobile application tool which is doing terrifically. It is exceeding our expectations, it's very well in terms of highly thought of and functioning as expected both from the perspective of a customer but importantly also the mortgage originator. So it is a real positive because they are able to do some of the simple things in a more digital format and really add value to the customers in terms of consultation. So that has been very successful and we expect to continue to grow that into 2018.
Andy Cecere: Likely not, Betsy. If it comes back it would probably be at a different fee level and probably not with the same size as what we saw historically. And again there is not much certainty that it will come back right.
Andy Cecere: Yes. When we've talked a little bit about what we think loan growth is going to end up looking like in kind of what those categories are. Obviously from a balance sheet standpoint growth in loans is going to be really demand driven as much as anything. From a deposit perspective, I mean we are always looking for good core deposits and so when we have the opportunity to grow good core deposits they are going to be long term stable, we will take that opportunity to be able to do that. But I think what you are going to see really from here for a period of time is just some fluctuation with respect to deposit balances. 
Andy Cecere: Yes. I don't think that you are going to see a significant shift in how we end up funding the balance sheet. I mean what ends up happening from a short term standpoint is just what sort of cash level needs, you need in order to have in place in order to meet liquidity requirement either on an average basis or the end of the month and so that's probably what you are seeing more than anything. 
Andy Cecere: Yes. Well, so I'll take the first question which is really how we think about the fourth quarter. I think the tax rate in the fourth quarter would be pretty similar to what the third quarter was. So that's kind of our expectation. In terms of tax reform, I don't think our view has really changed in terms of what the impact of that might be on the company kind of going forward. But to be quite honest, we were in Washington here recently and what's going to ultimately be in the tax reform bill, there are still moving around a lot even though that there are some framework associated with it. So we are kind of in a wait and see mode in all honesty. 
Andy Cecere: Yes. Well, I think that maybe when you end up looking at the merchant acquiring business, we think on a longer term basis as kind of a mid single digits are a little bit stronger than that. One other things we are seeing or seen stronger sales volumes in their business and I think what we've to do is we have to get beyond the impact of the joint venture as well, some of the hurricane effect. And from a hurricane standpoint as an example, we've now -- we face four hurricanes and earthquake and some wildfire so I think there is a few things that we are going to end up having kind of work through over the next quarter or two. The hurricane effect in Puerto Rico where we have a fairly significant amount of merchants who is going to be there for several quarters. So I really look at it in terms of timing probably mid next year before we get back to that normalized sort of growth level because we'll lap those joint ventures. And I'd also add Brian and we talk about investment and innovation, this is an area we've been focused on historically and we continued to be going forward. I remind you we have a couple of great platforms, our international platform, our dynamic currency conversation capabilities because we invest in the business and merchant processes an area we continue to focused on particularly as it relates to e-commerce and value added services principally around data so it will continue to be an emphasis and an area of focus for us in terms of investment and capabilities.
Andy Cecere: And currently to that point Bill, the other area that I have to highlight is the virtual pay product which is corporate payment system product which is targeted squarely at that middle market customer base as well above that but that one is one of the drivers of the growth that we are seeing is taking additional customers and using that product. 
Terry Dolan: Now so this is Terry, Matt. Let me talk a little bit about the deposit balances first. When you end up working at core deposit balances we really saw a little change relatively stable. Where the decreases did occur principally in a couple of different areas about $900 million it is really seasonal decreases that we always see for the second and the third quarter that's really tied to kind of our corporate trust business. Then we also saw some balances that went out simply because of custodial type of activities so those tend to be a little bit -- they fluctuate a little bit. Our time deposits were up a little and that was principally because of some decisions related to large customers. We expect that to be relatively short term and for those to flow out early in the fourth quarter. So but when you end up looking at the core deposit balances, they were reasonably stable during the quarter. The deposit pricing standpoint, let me just kind of talk about it, we haven't seen a lot of change relatively what we've been experienced in the past. We end up looking at retail deposit pricing or deposit beta they are essentially unchanged at this particular point in time and we don't see a lot of competitive pressure with respect to that. Our wholesale deposit pricing, we are essentially just being responsive to competitive pricing in the marketplace and that can be in certain markets a little bit on the West Coast and little bit in the New York area but not a lot of widespread competitive pressure that we are seeing. But those rates on the wholesale side are starting to go up. I'd also say if you end up looking at our corporate trust and deposits, those tend to be highly operational and fairly stable as well. So and keep that in mind too. 
Terry Dolan: Sure. Yes, when you end up looking at fee income it's typically seasonally flat to down in the fourth quarter. And that comes from a variety of different categories. Mortgage banking, from a market standpoint is a typically seasonally and little bit lower in the fourth quarter. Our payments businesses are typically a little seasonally down especially in the corporate payments space. So there are a number of kinds of categories that tend to be flat to down. Our commercial product revenue is typically flat to down a little bit as well because capital market activities tend to slow a little bit in the fourth quarter. So there are a number of different areas where you see that seasonal impact taking place. Let me tell you -- let me talk a little bit which is kind of your second question on the payments revenue. And you kind of keep in mind that we have really three businesses that are part to that. First is the credit card and debit card business and year-over-year the growth is about 3.0%. That was impacted by fewer processing days, and that's something that's unique to US bank because it's based upon how we best process those sales transaction in any one quarter and the third quarter happened to have one fewer processing cycle if you will. Sales on a reported basis, on a credit card perspective were up about 5.1%, without that processing cycle would have been about 6%. So that's pretty consistent with what we've seen in the past. That 3.0% is probably impacted by about one percentage point because of that processing day. When you think about the fourth quarter, we would have expected that credit card revenue to rebound a little bit because of that processing cycle that I talked about. And when we think about that particular business we can think about kind of mid single digit in terms of revenue growth on a year-over-year basis. Second category is really merchant acquiring and last quarter we talked about the fact that we exited the joint ventures. And we expected revenue to be essentially flat. And when we look at the impact of the joint ventures, that about 2% to 2.5% but the other thing that happened in the quarter as you know as we had three hurricanes and earthquake in Mexico and a variety of different things like that that end up impacting revenue growth by about 1.5%. As we think about fourth quarter, the impact of the hurricanes is going to continue. We still have a significant number of merchant that are either offline or have relatively slow sales as they continue to kind of come online. And so when we think about the fourth quarter we really think that merchant acquired revenue is probably going to be flat year-over-year. And then last business is our CPS business and we had a great quarter in CPS. If you end up looking at the total revenue within CPS it was up about 5% -- little over 5%, 5.8% on a year-over-year basis. Then you know we've been investing in a business pretty significantly, we talked about virtual pay in and some other things but we were investing in a couple of years ago. And we are starting to see some really nice dividend and momentum in that particular business. And when we look on a year-over-year basis we would expect to see continued growth and strength in that particular area but on a sequential basis or a linked quarter basis, it typically is a lower quarter in the fourth quarter.
Terry Dolan: And the tax rate, really the issue there is that again kind of comes back to tax reforms and some of the uncertainty there. When you had a lot of conversations around tax credit low income, renewal energy and all sorts of things. There is a lot of pull back within the market and lot of change in related to pricing associated with tax credit. So part of the reasons why you are seeing the rate going up is a little bit lower level of tax credit production which is market driven as much as anything and then as earnings get stronger you had just have the marginal effect on the tax rate and that will cause it to go up as well.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So it was two basis points impact from interest recoveries that occurred in this quarter and actually these recoveries relate to loans that were probably charged up as many as 10 years ago. So they went back long ways which is in part why they were so unexpected and unusual. And it's not something that we would expect to repeat. But it was about two basis points for the quarter. So you think we went up six basis points and our core basis of this four and we are really expecting the core basis go up another two in the fourth quarter from there. But it will be flat because of the interest recoveries. 
Terry Dolan: Yes. In the wealth management business we've not seen that yet although when we end up looking at the broader consumer sort of category that's the one area that we may start to see when we get into the next rate hike. But we haven't seen anything at this point.
Terry Dolan: Yes. A little bit relative to what's going on with short term rate as well as the yield curve overall but I don't -- it's not material yet and we would expect to continue raise and as rates move up. 
Terry Dolan: Yes. Compensating balances show up there and the credit for compensating balances as you said but the decline was more seasonal in nature. 
Terry Dolan: Yes. This is Terry. Just kind of broadly we are seeing good growth in market share and loans in the middle market space across most of our markets. And we would continue to kind of expect to see although I would say recently we've seen some pay down occurring even in the middle market space so it's something that we are watching. 
Terry Dolan: Yes. We typically don't get into a lot of detail with respect to other incomes simply because there is a lot of different things and including the equity investments. Equity investments tend to be a little bit choppy from quarter-to-quarter so it's really I kind of stay away from giving guidance with respect to what I think they're going to be next quarter et cetera. 
Bill Parker: Yes. The factor that Andy cited are macro factors right, low rate or the refinancing was certainly affects number of our C&I and commercial real estate. And then uncertainty holding back some of the natural activity, investment activity that our customers will make. So those are probably the two biggest drivers. That being said, we continued to be very aggressive in terms of our market share amongst prime customer base which is our customer base on across all the retail categories. So you could see we did grow our home equity loans that somewhat unique we never backed off from that. Credit cards, we've been growing those throughout the down turn in the cycle so we had steady growth in that. Auto loan, same thing, I mean we are in the super prime space there. Retail leasing, we never exited that, we stayed in that and we benefited from that lately. So we do have levers in the prime space that continues to give us loan growth regardless of what's going on a macro basis. 
Bill Parker: Well, none of it is storm related now. That's too early for that. We did put in programs for reaching out to customers, providing loan application; we've already started that process. So that's well underway. But the reserve build that was mentioned that's really for what we expect to be kind of future credit losses as a result of the storm but that has not shown up. I think the increase that you are referring to in auto and cards, it's really just the seasoning effect, the fact that those portfolios have grown fairly significantly over the past several years. This is natural seasoning so they are performing within our expectations.
Bill Parker: So this is Bill. No, we are still bullish on our retail leasing portfolio. So it has been a good business or remains a good business. Used car prices have actually picked up even more in part because of the hurricane that increased demand for pickup et cetera. So in terms of expansion, we do go after different manufactures and we are very competitive in that space, provide an alternative to some of the old captives. So it's an area that we continue to work very hard to keep the growth rates up. 
Bill Parker: So commercial real estate is a friend. We are -- I think we've always been in active in that space. We did not cut back or exit our construction lending after the downturn, that's grown nicely. We've continued -- we are very active in this space but with the low rates and lot of our customers are appropriately seeking long term fixed rate for financing something banks are not great at offering. There are better sources for that in insurance company, some of the smaller banks, CMBS market but we are -- we remain very active with our client base. Some of our client base is gotten a little more cautious as well. Lot of the growth has been in multifamily, so people are little more cautious in that space, that's just for our client. Residential mortgage, construction we have been very active in that. And we never pulled out of that, they extended into Texas, and we had really nice growth in the Texas market. That's obviously going to be little disruptive by what happened with the hurricanes but that will come back. So overall we are very active commercial real estate lender and we like the business. 
Bill Parker: I don't really think of it that way because we stick with our underwriting criteria so we are consistent throughout the cycle. And different asset classes or a different spaces you mentioned kind of concerns with the retails. Well, that's been good for the industrial side. So we've seen nice growth in industrial activity. So there is balance of activity that we provide our customer base and its ebbs and flows, but it's a business we stick with. 
Bill Parker: No. I mean the portfolio activities that are a national platform along with qualified mortgages so we originate through retail channels and through from broker so we will continue to see portfolio growth in the jumbo category. And if you can look at the stack, extremely high quality and low loan to value so --.
Bill Parker: Yes, this is Bill. I'll do the build and allowance, that was entirely related to the hurricanes. We had some modest -- we've been doing some very modest build related to loan growth. We will continue to do that but the loan bump up was definitely directly related to the hurricane. 
Bill Parker: So they have gone up due to seasoning, due to sort of natural seasoning and growing the portfolio. But we do expect them to stabilize around the 4% rate that would be sort of normal -- that's not through the cycle rate but that's sort of normal rate during stable economic conditions. 
Bill Parker: I would say -- I wouldn't necessary say decline but I think they are pretty stable right now. So I would say about where they are right now. 
Bill Parker: Yes. It really relates to the old products that we build out over the last several years in our national corporate strategy. So I think the capabilities in the capital market area for providing bond underwriting not only for our investment grade but also kind of middle market or non investment grade customers. So they can come to us and a more full service bank and that's providing a lot of fuel to the growth. 
