Andy Cecere: Thanks, Jen, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. Following our prepared remarks, Terry, Jodi, Mark and I will take any questions you have. I'll begin on Slide 3. In the third quarter, we reported earnings per share of $0.95. Revenue totaled $5.8 billion in the fourth quarter, and we delivered a record $23.3 billion for the full-year 2020, in spite of the headwinds caused by the low interest rate environment and the economic shutdowns due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The value of our diversified business model was evident this past year, as strength in our mortgage banking, corporate trust and capital markets businesses offset pressure on our net interest margin, which we expect to be stable in the near-term and lower payments revenue due to reduced spend activity. While uncertainty remains, I'm encouraged by economic data that have generally been coming in better-than-expected in recent months and an improving economic outlook, given progress on the vaccine and the potential for additional governance stimulus. In the fourth quarter, we saw a continuation of improving sales trends in our own payments data, with the exception of some pressure on our merchant acquiring businesses, European operations, which was affected by the economic shutdown in the second-half of the quarter. While we expect European operations to continue to experience pressure in the first quarter, we expect payments volume trends to continue to improve, in line with consumer spend activity. Non-interest expenses were stable compared with the third quarter and we continue to target flat sequential expense levels, as long as revenue growth remains challenging. Our balance sheet is in a strong position. Credit quality metrics were a little better-than-anticipated this quarter. And as expected, we neither built nor released reserves in the fourth quarter. We continue to maintain strong capital and liquidity positions, which will allow us to continue to support our customers in this environment. Following the results of the Fed stress test in December, which indicated that we will continue to be subject to the minimum stress capital buffer, we announced a $3 billion common stock repurchase program with buybacks beginning this quarter. Slide 4 provides key performance metrics. In the fourth quarter, we delivered a 15.6% return on tangible common equity. Slide 5 shows that we continue to see migration to the digital channel. Now, let me turn the call over to Terry, who will provide more color on the quarter.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Terry. 2020 was a challenging year for many, and I'm proud of how our employees came together to support our customers and communities to help them find solutions for their individual needs. As we move into 2021, I'm confident that U.S. Bank is well positioned to continue to deliver industry-leading results. Our diverse revenue stream will continue to serve us well as we move through the various phases of the economic cycle. We continue to carefully manage operating expenses, while our scale, our innovative culture and our focus on optimization will allow us to invest in our businesses and our digital and payments capabilities. We view a prudent and consistent approach to credit risk management, and our track record is good stewards of shareholders' capital as meaningful differentiators for this company, which is why we will always manage this company with a long-term lens. I want to thank our employees for all the resiliency, flexibility and hard work over this past year and for all they do to bring our culture to life every day. We'll now open up the call for Q&A.
Andy Cecere: Hey, Betsy, this is Andy. Our position on that is consistent with what we talked about. We'll continue to look at opportunities for -- in addition to organic growth, partnerships, alliance like we did with State Farm as well as M&A if it meets the hurdles, both from a financial and strategic sense to really increase our capabilities, our scale, our customer acquisition opportunities. So we'll be open-minded about that.
Andy Cecere: Yes. Let me start on the State Farm side. So as you know, that was an acquisition of card balances as well as deposits. And so we would expect continued increases in both of those categories, in addition to other opportunities and small business and other banking products with that alliance, and that is going very well and the conversion was very smooth. Charlotte is also exceeding our expectations, both in terms of extending current customer relationships, as well as new customer acquisition. We slowed a little bit in terms of the additional branches because of COVID, but we're going to get back on track there. So I would say, in both cases, they're exceeding our expectations. State Farm, a little bit more material just given the size than the Charlotte acquisition -- Charlotte increase.
Andy Cecere: That's right, Terry. And I think the areas that, like you just said, the areas that probably offer the most opportunity are corporate loans as companies start to increase CapEx spend and M&A accelerates and credit card spend starts to increase. Most of the credit card increase activity right now is transactors as opposed to those using balances.
Andy Cecere: Yes, John. So let me start by thinking about the year 2020, because I think one of the great attributes of our company is their diversified revenue model. So we had headwinds in a couple of businesses like payments and NIM, offset by positives in mortgage and auto and our corporate trust business and our corporate -- and our commercial products businesses. As we think about -- as I think about 2021, I think some of those headwinds, particularly in payments, will begin to dissipate. We have some pressure in the fourth quarter because of our European operations. But, as you know, spend is starting to get back to normal, particularly those areas outside travel and hospitality. And I think that will start to come back, particularly in quarters two, three and four. So that will be a positive. Mortgage continues to be strong. Maybe not as strong as what it was in 2020, but we have a high retail activity and a new purchase activity, given the expansion and the investments we've made there, so I see positives there. Our Trust business is an investment and will continue to do strong. And then, as Terry talked about, I think, the other area of opportunity is in loan growth. So as we think about the year, that diversity of revenue is going to be very helpful. And we'll continue to manage expenses, given the revenue opportunities we have. And as we said, as we think about the first quarter, we expect it to be relatively flat.
Andy Cecere: Yes. A little -- it's always our goal, John, let me start there. We're going to make the investments we need to, but also recognize the current environment and try to perform as best we can, given the revenue. So positive operating leverage is always our goal and we'll strive for that in 2021. There's still a lot of uncertainty on the revenue front. So we'll see how that plays out, and we'll continue to give updates.
Andy Cecere: I think, Erika, the short answer is I don't think about that as a bright line. As we talked about, we're making investments across all of our businesses, particularly in the digital channels. We spent $2.5 billion a year. We have good scale, but we'll look at opportunities to increase that scale and increase the customer acquisition opportunity across all the businesses. So -- but there aren't any bright lines in terms of what we look at or would do or wouldn't do.
Andy Cecere: Yes, Mike, this is Andy. Let me start with the branches. So, we did complete the branch closures early in January. So, as we talked about, we were just over 3,000 branches. We're down about 25%, so just over 2,300 branches. And that's really a function of consumer behaviors. As you saw from the chart, 77% of our customers are using the digital channel. Those using the branch channel, while still important and still seeking advice and consult, it's down to about 40%. So there's a behavior change that's accelerated as a result of the pandemic and the closures reflect that. That's number one. On the small business, business banking front, I think it's a very significant opportunity. We have a great payments business. We have a great banking business, and weaving those two together to offer a full set of capabilities for that ecosystem is critically important. And I think there's three metrics that we're going to focus on. Payments customers that add banking capabilities, banking customers that add payments capabilities and new customer acquisition. And we haven't articulated those goals, but we have goals for all three of them and we'll update as we go forward, but I think it's a huge opportunity.
Andy Cecere: So, Mike, we talked a little bit about our guidance on expense, which is relatively flat. And as you think about that flat expense guidance, there's really two components. One is, achieving savings through optimization on the current business model while at the same time, investing for the new. So, we're going to be able to continue to invest to allow us to expand in these areas, while retaining flat expenses by saving on the current business model.
Andy Cecere: Sure, Vivek. So as you think about Charlotte, we were targeting a dozen branches. If you think about the twin cities, we have nearly 85 to 100. So, the way we would open in a new market would be significantly different than the current business model. In terms of the number, I think we're at a relatively stable point right now. We'll continue to look at opportunities to optimize branches, at the same time opening new branches. But I wouldn't expect substantial changes in the near term.
Andy Cecere: Vivek, one thing I'd add because I think where you're going in terms of the recovery. One way we look at it a lot and very focused on is the component of our merchant acquiring that is travel, entertainment, and airline. And a year ago, back in 2019, that was nearly 40%, and so it was 37%. And today, it's about 20%. So, the decline that's occurred has been principally in that area as opposed to small or large business, it's been in that focused area of travel and airline. Everything else has actually got back to normal. And that 20% is where the opportunity exists for continued improvement in spend as we think about the future.
Andy Cecere: Yes. Good questions, Bill. And twofold, number one, is most of the investments we've made and most of the expansions occurred over the last two years has been on the e-commerce side of the equation. It's not just e-commerce; it's really capabilities to help those businesses run their businesses. And I think one of the advantages against those payments players you described is our banking business and that's why we're so darn focused on weaving together banking and payments because those customers need not just the payments mechanisms, they need small loans, they need deposit advice and acceptance, so they need a full array of services. And I think if we can offer those in a convenient, easy fashion that solves their problems and helps them run their business. So I think that's where our advantage is. And that's a combination of banking and payments, it's so darn important.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So, Betsy, when we end up looking at loan growth, we do expect, as we said, that in the first quarter, it's likely to be down because of the factors that we talked about, but we are starting to see an inflection point. I think there's better activity from an M&A perspective than business spend in terms of CapEx, it seems to be getting a little bit stronger. So our expectation is that in the fourth quarter, we kind of hit that inflection point and loans start to grow. The biggest challenge for us has really been on the commercial side of the equation as we've gone through 2020, and it's really when that starts to change in which overall loan growth starts to improve. We do expect that as consumer spend and consumer behaviors continue to get stronger throughout the year, some of the pressure on credit card will alleviate. And so, I do expect that as we get into second quarter and the second-half of the year, that credit card balances will start to come up as well. And so that kind of gives you a little bit of flavor with respect to consumer and commercial.
Terry Dolan: Yes. I mean, maybe with respect to your second question, no, I don't think we need to see them peak. I think we need to just have confidence in terms of when that's going to occur. And I think that as time continues to move on, I think that the economic outlook continues to get better and stronger. I mean that's generally our expectation. Obviously, unemployment and some of the high level economic factors continue to improve, which is great. I think the biggest thing that we're waiting to see is just when we thought about the fourth quarter, COVID cases and things like that continue to be spiking. There were a number of state economies that continue to put more and more restrictions on. And we just kind of wanted to see that change or reverse, which I think as we're starting to see now, that's positive. But I think there's enough uncertainty, and we want to be conservative as we think about the appropriateness of the reserve, we want to just see those – some of those uncertainties alleviate.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So relative to GDP, obviously, GDP is projected to be pretty strong. So I think that we're -- from a loan growth perspective, I think, the entire industry is going to see that lag a little bit behind that. But -- as the economy continues to get stronger, that loan growth will occur. The biggest challenges, I think, that the industry has had and certainly, what we've seen is that with very low rates, strong companies with good cash flows have been able to go out to the markets and refinance and/or use their own cash flows to pay down balances. And so, similar to what we saw the last time, deposits, there's a lot of liquidity out there with corporate America. And they need to start using some of that liquidity themselves in terms of capital expenditure, M&A activity and all sorts of things. So the positive thing that we see now is that there are some green shoots associated with all those things, and that's kind of the front end of loan growth starting to reverse and take off, similar to what we saw last time.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So, our overall target is 8.5%, and we typically operate somewhere between 8.5% and 9% in terms of Tier 1 ratio. Currently, as you know, we're at 9.7%. So, there is capacity and there's certainly opportunity for us to be able to bring that down. I think the thing that we'll do is we'll continue to watch the uncertainties as the economic outlook continues to strengthen and earnings strengthen. We'll take advantage of, but there's clearly plenty of opportunity from a capital management perspective to use that capital in a variety of ways.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Certainly, our expectation for 2021 is that from a policy perspective, the Federal Reserve is going to continue to support a fairly high level or accommodative sort of an environment. Our expectation is that deposits will continue to grow, but certainly not maybe at the pace that they were in 2020. So, that's going to be both an opportunity for us as we have the deposit flow to be able to look at investing, for example, in the investment portfolio, et cetera. But it's also going to create a challenge from Corporate America in terms of the amount of liquidity that they have.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Certainly, when we think about commercial product revenue, I mean, the peak really was kind of in the second, third quarter sort of timeframe. For us, our focus is really more on the high investment-grade sort of customers as opposed to high yield. And I think that you -- because of that mix in terms of what's happening in the marketplace ends up impacting our growth rates maybe relative to the industry. Fourth quarter is always -- there's always a little bit of seasonality for us, it kind of comes down. When we look at 2021 though, we're generally bullish with respect to capital markets activities.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Well, maybe with respect to the last one. I mean, PPP, obviously, will impact net interest income as forgiveness occurs, et cetera. But it's not a big driver associated with it for us. Maybe kind of coming back to your first question, though, our expectation from here is that starting point, net interest margin is going to be stable, certainly in the first quarter and our expectation is through the year. I mean the pressures associated with the yield curve and all sorts of things that we saw last year actually will probably be helpful to us. As we see that inflection point in terms of loan balances, that's going to be a big driver in terms of the inflection point with respect to net interest income as well. And then certainly as deposit flows, if they continue to be strong, we don't believe that we need to build any more liquidity. And so, we'll look at opportunistically reinvesting that in the market.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Well, generally, I would say that when we think about the payments business, we're optimistic with respect to sales volumes as the year progresses. We do -- certainly, when we saw fourth quarter, here we saw good sales expansion in terms of credit card, debit card and in the commercial spend in our corporate payments space. The domestic spend from a merchant perspective was kind of flattish in the fourth quarter, but we do expect that to continue to expand and grow throughout the year. I think the thing that -- getting back to your question though, in terms of how quickly do you get back to pre-COVID revenue levels. A driver of that is just the travel and entertainment piece, which is going to be probably a little bit more subdued at least in 2021.
Terry Dolan: Yes, we didn't necessarily give full year guidance. I would just kind of come back to what Andy said, and that our goal and our expectation is to manage expenses flat, especially given the revenue environment. And our target is always to achieve positive after leverage, it's going to be challenging in the – especially in the earlier part of the year.
Terry Dolan: Yes. I mean, so the dollars that you mentioned in terms of deposits and credit card is pretty close. When we think about the business though, and Andy has talked about this before, there's just a lot of opportunity, and they have 19,000 agents that are out there. And they're one of the biggest organizations with respect to small business customers. And so when we think about it, we think about there's opportunity in terms of deposit gathering, there's certainly early opportunity to enhance and improve the credit card program that has existed. But we have a number of different initiatives that are going to focus around really expanding that and also expanding our relationship with them in terms of auto lending as well as – as well as small business opportunities.
Terry Dolan: No, I think it is one of those things that can move the needle for us. I mean, any time you have access through 19,000 agencies, we think that, that's very significant. And the other thing, Matt, is that we've invested a lot in digital capabilities. We plan on leveraging all of those digital capabilities in order to be able to support their customers and ours. So we're very bullish. And we're very excited about the State Farm alliance, a lot more to come.
Terry Dolan: Yes. I mean, we haven't necessarily disclosed any dollars associated with premium amortization. If you end up thinking about the 10 basis points this quarter, eight of it is really related to card balances, so the rest of it is really driven by premium amortization or significant amount. So I think with respect to first quarter, it's – or fourth quarter is really peaked. First quarter, it's really end into 2021. It's really going to track, I think, along with how refinancings occur within the mortgage industry.
Terry Dolan: Yes. I mean, when you think about stimulus, certainly, in the short-term, it helps our prepaid card businesses pretty significantly. And with respect to the most recent one and if there's another round of it, I think, that that would continue to help throughout the year. But I do think that it will, and we did see in the last stimulus, it does stimulate consumer activity in terms of buying and that is going to help and did help and will help our payments businesses as we think about 2021. So that, to me, is a very favorable thing. I think the other thing is that when you think about it from a credit standpoint, the $900 billion maybe was a little bit lower than what had been hoped for, but it's a nice start, and I think there is most likely thoughts in terms of more to come. The real question there is does that create the bridge for the consumer customers from a net charge-off perspective to really keep those at base, so to speak. And I think that stimulus is going to be a positive both in terms of revenue as well as on the net charge-off side if it occurs.
Terry Dolan: Yes. The bounce back is pretty fast. I mean it certainly is within that 30 days to 90 days timeframe, you start to see it. It does take a while for it to -- for that trajectory to get back, but it does happen pretty fast. The other thing to keep in mind is the European revenue impact to U.S. Bank. Total revenue is probably around 1%, so it's a very small amount in terms of total revenue. And -- but we'll continue to see what happens with respect to lockdown.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Mike, that is correct. When we end up looking at the allowance for credit losses, we still see, as I said a little bit earlier, I think we end up looking at the uncertainties that exist out there or at least existed out there at the end of the year. And just have -- what we want to be able to see is we want to see, kind of, a reversal of some of the restrictions and the reversal associated with some of the COVID cases. And I think that we're starting to see that happening, which is a good sign. But that's one of the reasons that we really held back with respect to the allowance for credit losses at this point.
Terry Dolan: Well, yes, I think it's just the uncertainty in the environment. We'd like to see a few of those continue to improve.
Terry Dolan: Well, I don't necessarily have that at my fingertips. But if you end up just kind of looking at the overall mix, we have a pretty good mix of small and medium-sized sort of businesses that are part of that equation. And they have tended to be kind of omni distribution sort of merchants or customers as well. One of the things we continue to expand and grow is our e-commerce sort of capabilities, and that has grown very nicely over the last year or so.
Terry Dolan: Yes. If I were -- if I were to venture a guess, I'd say maybe a little bit -- it depends upon how you end up characterizing small and medium, et cetera. I think that's the thing I'm struggling with here a little bit, Vivek.
Terry Dolan: That would be the situation for the case. Again, when we think about the mortgage banking business too, we talk a lot about the refi. But the thing that I'd maybe remind people is that we've made a lot of investment in that business in terms of the purchase money, purchase mortgage, and that continues to do very well. I think it's -- if you end up looking at the production of applications in the last quarter, it was about 52% purchase versus refinancing. So, I know that, that people will look at that and I actually think that, that's an area of opportunity as we think about the future.
