Andy Cecere: Thanks Terry. So to summarize, we feel good about where we are and how we are positioned and even better about where we are headed. I look forward to leading this company through the next phase of its evolution. Our Chairman and former CEO, Richard Davis’ leadership has set us up well for the future. And I am grateful for his guidance and partnership over the last 10 years that we have worked together. Our businesses are strong and our culture of innovation is intact. So as I transition into my new role, you should not expect major changes to the strategic direction of this company, given our industry leading performance. You should expect an ongoing focus on innovation, continuous improvement in our customers and employees. That concludes our formal remarks. Terry, Bill and I will now be happy to answer your questions.
Andy Cecere: So, John, this is Andy. I do think we are sort of at our high level. It will be flattish in the second quarter and then start to come down as we achieved that positive operating leverage in quarters three and four.
Andy Cecere: Sure. So first of all, our starting point is a little higher versus where we ended the fourth quarter. Secondly, our pipelines are stronger. As Terry mentioned, a lot of our corporate clients were accessing the Capital Markets, so that did put a bit of a damper on loan growth. But the seasonality on home equity, what we are seeing on auto and what’s going on with the corporate loan growth tells me that the second quarter is going to be stronger than the first quarter, but probably not as strong as what we achieved some quarters last year, but I do see acceleration here in quarter two.
Andy Cecere: So John, as we have said, we expect our efficiency ratio to be in the low 50s and that’s still our goal and our target and that’s what we are planning to. I would say, again, that this quarter was at our highest level, our high point and we are going to start to achieve downward trend, particularly in the second half of this year and I would expect the same trend next year as we achieve positive operating leverage.
Andy Cecere: No. I mean, obviously, if somebody goes delinquent and they get scored out, they will wind up with a FICO below 620, but that’s just normal migration. So – but I mean, we have a very high-quality auto loan book. The origination FICOs are 770 plus. On the leasing side, it’s even a higher credit quality portfolio. FICOs are over 780. So anybody that winds up with a 620 or less FICO is just somebody that’s probably lost their job and has payment issues.
Andy Cecere: So Saul, you are right. The branches are a great source of deposits. We recognize that. And I think that will become even more important as we move into a higher interest rate scenario. At the same time, you are also right that transactions in our branch are reducing. So, 60% of transactions today are done digitally outside of the branch. So what we have done and we will continue to do is change the footprint of the branch in terms of reducing the square footage and we have done that for the past few years and we continue to focus on that. We have also had some reductions in the number of branches and I would expect that to continue. So, overall, the footprint space, so to speak, in our branch network will come down. The number of people handling transactions will come down, but it does continue to be an important source of deposit growth. And for that reason, we will have branches as we do, but fewer square footage, fewer branches, less space.
Andy Cecere: Yes. From the number of perspectives, we have been calling branches in the neighborhood of 50 to 100 last few years and I would expect this to continue for the next couple of years.
Andy Cecere: Short answer, nothing to be worried about. As you recall, we have grown our – all of our loan portfolios throughout this cycle. So we do have seasoning impact there. We have had good – that acquisitions. We have had good organic growth, especially out of the branches. So there is nothing there that – we saw the same seasonal patterns and delinquencies, so we see nothing that concerns us. It’s all within expectation. We expect that the latter half of the year, those rates will come back down depending upon the balance.
Andy Cecere: And Terry, I would say most of the fluctuation occurred in the fourth quarter was function of cash levels. And that can be volatile given the deposit flows and given the loan growth. So if you look at our loan portfolio that was up 7.2% [ph]. Our securities were relatively stable. And cash from around a bit, probably up a little bit more cash as we were before.
Andy Cecere: And Terry, let me reemphasize something you said. The corporate payment systems in the past few years seems to have had a headwind either in the government side because of lower government spend or on the corporate side as some large corporations slow down their expense spending. This was a quarter that we actually saw growth in both. And that was very positive on the corporate side [indiscernible] some of that innovation on the government side because some of the increased spend. And we continue to expect growth in both of those. So that’s an important turn in terms of the growth trajectory for corporate payment systems.
Andy Cecere: Right. So we have – as you know Erika, we have been doing some portfolio deals, credit card transactions, some payments transactions as well as trust and fund services. So those types of things, we are not precluded from doing. They are high return, low capital usage businesses and we will continue to focus on them. We are precluded from branch transactions until we are out of the consent order. And we will look at opportunities there to increase market share, our depth of participation on market as that presents itself. But we are well positioned with both organic growth that we have today and our opportunities for acquisition with the current model. So we are not really prohibited from what we want to do.
Andy Cecere: So there are three components with the concenter and I am going to ask Bill to fill in the details. But the way I think about it simply, there is the people process side and that we are done with that. The second is the technology component, which will be done this summer. And the third is the sustainability component, which is really a function of the regulators improving the sustainability. And that one has a little bit more in terms of uncertainty of timing.
Andy Cecere: So Vivek, this is Andy. That has come back. So as you know, that was in the $700, $800 level last year, migrated down to about $200 of gain in the first quarter. But I will tell you in April, it’s back up to the $800 to $900 level. So it’s bounced back. Part of that it because it will slow down in production, which has eased the pressure on used car prices, so that has bounced back.
Andy Cecere: Yes. From a time deposit standpoint, that’s really kind of a function of what sort of funding we need in order to be able to support loan growth. So in some respect it’s kind of a function of how much loan growth we end up seeing. If we do continue to see rising rates, that we may have kind of change our pricing strategy a little bit with respect to time deposits, especially as we get into a period of time I don’t know whether it will be the next rate hike or the following where retail deposits become more sensitive to rising rates. Then you may see us kind of shifting that strategy in order to kind of lock in some of the deposit pricing associated with time deposits. But right now, based on what we are seeing in the relatively inelastic retail deposits, I don’t anticipate that we would change a lot.
Andy Cecere: I was just going to add one other thing that in the first quarter, we did see several hundred million of pay-downs in our energy portfolio and we don’t expect that to repeat as the portfolio is stabilizing and improving, but we did have large number of pay-downs in the first quarter, so...
Andy Cecere: So Kevin, I mentioned before that the residuals have actually come back here in the early second quarter, back to the normalized levels, I would say. They dipped down in the first quarter. You are absolutely correct, but they did come back. We are already very conservative in the way we think about residuals and the way we book them. So we are not changing anything there and the market has come back.
Andy Cecere: Well, couple – I mean, we still – we have actively originated our product out of our branches throughout this whole cycle. So, we still have $1.5 billion, $2 billion of originations every quarter and we do pull our folks on what their intended uses are. And it is as you would expect on a traditional home equity, people want to improve the kitchen or whatever. But as home prices have really rebounded, a lot of folks are able to refinance out both first mortgage and our home equity line, lock in a new lower fixed rate. So I think that’s what we are seeing right now is a refinancing of all, both the first and second loan, but our origination volume has held in there very steady.
Andy Cecere: Components of the wealth business, we could do that and it is a level of – area of interest for us. Wealth is one of our growth businesses. We are doing a great job organically already, but if there are opportunities that present themselves, we will take a look.
Andy Cecere: So Brian, we achieved 2.2% in the first quarter. What we said is given the pipelines, the expectations of some seasonality we expect that to accelerate into the second quarter, but not likely to get to that 1 and 1.5. So the way you can think about it is sort of 0.2 to the mid 0.5 somewhere in that area.
Andy Cecere: Yes. Brian, the other thing that I would end up saying is that if you end up looking at the competitive landscape, we offer both the retail leasing as well as the auto lending. And so when customers come into the dealership then we also have very strong relationships with the dealership. So when they are coming into the dealer make a decision upon about buying a loan or buying a car or leasing that car, we have the ability in that prime space to be able to go either way. And I think that’s, from a competitive standpoint, one of the reasons why we see the growth.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So if you end up thinking about the second quarter, we are going to typically see it growing probably 3% to 4% in the second quarter relative to first quarter. As John, we have talked in some of our investor conferences, we still expect pressure with respect to risk programs, at least through the end of the second quarter, with the trajectory of that growth starting to slow as we get later into the year. So when we think about positive operating leverages as far as expenses are concerned, we are pretty confident that we are going to deliver on positive operating leverage for the full year.
Terry Dolan: That’s the way that we are thinking about it. I think it’s going to probably start to plateau and then as it gets later into the year, it’s going to start to come down.
Terry Dolan: Yes. I think net interest margin as we said is going to end up expanding, but it’s going to end up expanding slightly, I think in the second quarter. We do see growth in the net interest margin as we get into the third and fourth quarter. Part of the growth in the first quarter of 5 basis points, some of the factors that will help us as we go into second quarter is we are starting to see that inflection point in terms of the investment security portfolio, so that will help us a little bit. Cash balances will be a little bit higher, which will put some pressure on it. When we end up looking at kind of all of those, the growth quarter-over-quarter is going to be in the basis point or so.
Terry Dolan: Right. So, one of the things that we talked about last quarter is that we thought that loan growth for the year would probably be in the 6% to 8% sort of range. And certainly, as we look at where the first quarter has occurred, that’s going to be hard to achieve, but we think it’s going to be middle single-digits, if you will, for the year. We also do believe that second quarter is going to start to get stronger and that’s going to start to accelerate as the year progresses. And so as we think about 2018, we certainly believe that, that 6% to 8% is very reasonable as we think about the future.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So, let me take the professional services fee piece first, Ricky. And if you end up thinking about that, that is an area where a lot of business initiatives comes through and a lot of expense related too, for example, some of the risk compliance programs. It’s also very seasonal. It’s very – it’s seasonally high in the fourth quarter. First quarter comes down to the levels that you are seeing and then it starts to ratchet up as business initiatives are put into place and as the year kind of progresses. So, we do expect that it’s going to be a line category that is going to go up. As we get later into the year and especially as we kind of start getting into 2018 though I think some of the pressure related to professional fees as is related to risk management compliance programs is going to start to alleviate. And so I think that is an area for opportunity as we start looking at next year, but second quarter definitely is going to be seasonally up third quarter and then fourth quarter is usually the high watermark for professional services fees. In terms of other revenue, other revenue is a combination of a whole variety of different things. It ends up including equity investment income, some trading income, sometimes syndications – part loan syndications is a part of that, retail product revenue, insurance product revenue. And so it can be very lumpy depending upon what’s happening that particular quarter. Year-over-year, it’s up a little bit, but relative to the fourth quarter, we had some CDC syndication fees that were a part of that. So, it tends to be a little bit lumpy.
Terry Dolan: Yes. I mean, so if you are all looking at just kind of the shifting of earning assets, I mean we are holding a little bit more cash balances than what we have in the past and that’s for things like liquidity purposes, etcetera and the fact that we have had stronger deposit growth over the course of last couple of quarters. In terms of loan growth, I think we have kind of talked about the mechanics of that. Our investment securities is really going to grow in line with what our liquidity requirements are at any particular point in time. From a deposit standpoint, in terms of pricing, we are just really looking at being very competitive with respect to deposit pricing. But right now, deposit beta has been fairly inelastic. So we don’t see a lot of changes relative to where we are at. I think it is fairly indicative in terms of what you are going to see going forward.
Terry Dolan: Yes. No, I think that is true. I mean we did see really nice growth with respect to credit card. And one of the areas that I would also kind of focus on is in the commercial payments space. We saw some very nice growth. Linked quarter is about 4.7%. On a year-over-year basis is about 5.3%. It’s one of the things we are seeing and we started making some business investment in that, a little over a year ago in terms of technology. We rolled out kind of virtual card offerings and innovations. And we are also seeing a little bit of a tailwind as a result of fuel prices getting a little stronger. So that’s some of the things that are benefiting us. In terms of commercial business sort of spend, in that particular category. And then in the first quarter, we are starting to see government spend expanding a little bit up, which is a little bit unusual for the first quarter. It was up about 2.2% year-over-year. And we are seeing stronger defense spending in the sense of the election, it’s maybe the way that we would categorize that. On the merchant – merchant acquiring and merchant processing revenue, I did talk a little bit about it. But again, the drivers behind the 1.3%, part of that is the foreign currency, so that gets you to about 2.7%. We, as part of the kind of chip and PIN sort of rollout in the whole – in that whole topic, our EMV equipment sales were strong at the end of 2015 and the first quarter of 2016. But relative to the industry, we are more penetrated in terms of chip technology with about 66%, 67% penetration at this particular point in time relative to the industry, which is closer to about 40%. And so in the first quarter of this year, we are kind of just continuing to see that. Now, that will abate as we get into the second quarter and into the third quarter as well. And then I think the other thing that’s been – the other two things that’s been impacting that is that we just have margin compression that’s been occurring in Europe because of the interchange caps that were put into place in late 2015. That’s getting close to the end, which is good to see. And then as we said, we have been exiting some high volume, low margin sort of merchants. And so that has impacted revenue a little bit, but it certainly has impacted volumes. And so when we think about merchant acquiring revenue for the second quarter, we do believe that, that is going to get stronger as some of these factors start to abate. And it’s going to become more normalized in the third quarter. And we think about that – we usually think about it in terms of same-store sales plus 1% to 2% in terms of what the revenues should look like.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Well, certainly, on a year-over-year basis, we do believe that. The second quarter tended to be a little bit stronger last year because of some of the Brexit things in terms of second quarter. But the pipeline, in terms of syndication and fixed income capital markets, continues to be strong. We do expect, given the current rate environment and just kind of some of the things our large corporate customers are doing, that they will continue to access the capital markets. Our capital market revenue was up very strong in the first quarter. We would expect it to stay at higher levels going into the second quarter. So we think that that’s a pretty good outlook. And of course, by those large corporate customers accessing the capital markets, that has been impacting our loan growth to some extent. But we do see that continuing.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So let me kind of talk about it. Again, betas overall, if we end up looking at December of ‘15, December of ‘16, March of ‘17, typically what we have seen and we are pretty much on track on this is well in terms of the March hike, is that deposit betas have been up about 20%, 20% to 25% kind of in that ballpark. We have a strong retail deposit base that represents about 50% of our overall deposits. And the pricing from that particular standpoint has been pretty inelastic thus far. So we haven’t seen a lot of movement in terms of retail deposits. And certainly for the next rate hike, I don’t expect that we are going to see a lot of movements. There may be a little bit more pressure, but we still think there is room and opportunity there. On the wholesale side, which represents about 30% of our overall deposits, we are seeing kind of what I would say, selective competitive pressure and the deposit betas with respect to that or closer to the kind of 25% to 30% kind of in that ballpark. And then our corporate trust business, which will be unique to us, represents about 18% of our overall deposits. That tends to be a little bit more sensitive to interest rates. And so we are seeing pressure in terms of movement of interest rates is going to be in that space. As we think about kind of the rest of the year and certainly, the next rate hike or so, that 20% to 25% deposit beta probably starts to migrate to 30%, 35% and that would be – what I would think we would see kind of through this year. It’s really going to depend upon how many rate hikes and how quickly they come. I just want to point out is that when we model a rate hike movement, certainly as we get a few rate hikes out, we are going to see deposit betas. There is going to be just more competitive pressure there in the future. So that’s kind of how the way we think about it.
Terry Dolan: I have never gotten into the dollar amount associated with equity investments simply because other revenue represents the whole bunch of different categories, I will tell you that as we think about the second quarter Vivek, that we do believe that the equity investment income is we are – going to be pretty consistent based upon anything that we see right now, pretty consistent with the first quarter. So we wouldn’t expect to see a lot of movement up or down in terms of equity investment.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So when we end up looking at loan growth, C&I loan growth, we did see good growth in the middle market space. And so on a year-over-year basis, middle-market was actually up about 8.7%. And on a linked quarter basis, it was up about 2.5%. It represents about 13% to 15% of our overall portfolio. We are seeing that type of growth across the whole variety of different markets. We have seen good growth in places like Nevada, Utah, Colorado, here in the Twin Cities, Kansas City, Wisconsin, just kind of across the board. So as we kind of talk to our folks, we talk to our clients, we are not seeing the same level of access to the capital markets. So that impacts really more on the large corporate space. And we would expect the middle market to continue to grow. The other thing I would say is as we look into the second quarter, part of the middle market is our community banking space and we typically see lift in the second quarter as the ag lending starts to kick in and so both of those would be areas that we would look for opportunity as we think about the second quarter.
Terry Dolan: Well, Gerard, we are in a good spot right now. Our capital levels are such that – and our returns are such that our capital formula works. In other words, we are able to generate enough to return that 60% to 80%. We are at the high 70s right now and still accommodate balance sheet growth. So, I don’t see a scenario that we are getting to that 100% as far as the near-term as long as we are continuing to achieve balance sheet growth, which is what I expect. And again, we are in a good spot. We are not sitting here in a big excess position today.
Terry Dolan: Yes. And Gerard, what I would say is that in that particular space, we are not interested in what I would call traditional asset managers, but where we found a good fit in terms of a real wealth manager, I think those are things we would take a look at, because culturally, that would be a better fit for us.
Terry Dolan: Our leasing group is doing a great job. They are taking share. They have a great product. They have been consistent in the marketplace, good turnaround time. So I think that continues to be an area of opportunity for us. And as a reminder, everything we are doing there is prime. So, it’s good business and it’s good credit quality business.
Bill Parker: So Andy hit on it right. We got it late 2015. We had already been working on it for well over 1 year. So last year was a year of build, this year is a year of installing some of the new technology enhancements. We are pretty much at a full staffing level. So towards the end of the year, we expect to be able to demonstrate sustainability. And then from there, it’s getting all the external parties comfortable with validations and etcetera. So that’s how we think about the timing.
Bill Parker: Yes. Again, towards the end of this year is when we will be demonstrating sustainability. So that’s – after that, it’s up to the auditors and regulators.
Bill Parker: Betsy, this is Bill. Last part first, none of it has to do with the [Technical Difficulty] regulatory or CCAR process. If you look at the CRE line and you look at the two pieces, the piece has been declining is the standing loan or mortgage loan part. So that’s as other banks have offered long-term fixed rates or not interested in doing that, loving non-recourse. We are not – we have our set appetite for that. And then just the insurance markets, etcetera. So that’s the piece that’s been declining. On the construction, we enjoyed fairly rapid growth there for a while. That has slowed, but that’s in part because of our own client base. They are getting more cautious on multi-family side and obviously, we follow our clients. So we do look at the high asset values in some of the CRE markets right now, some of the different markets. So our borrowers are cautious, our customers are cautious, we are cautious. But we still anticipate construction, both to grow, just not at the same rates that they used to.
