Andy Cecere: Thanks, Terry. The banking industry is operating in a challenging environment and we are not immune from the economic stress brought on by COVID-19 pandemic. However, I'm confident that we'll manage through this difficult period, just as we managed through difficult periods in the past. Our balance sheet is strong, our businesses are diverse and our culture has proven to be a differentiating factor over time, and perhaps especially during adverse situations. The interest rate environment is not ideal, but we view it as manageable. And we will continue to benefit from our strong core deposit base, our reputation as a flight to quality bank and our best-in-class debt rating on a global basis. And economic downturn will need higher credit costs for the entire industry, but we have a strong track record. And it's at times like this when portfolio diversity and disciplined and consistent underwriting really pay off. It's unclear at this point how the situation will develop or how long it will be until the economy opens up and when we'll start to rebound. However, our strong capital position and ample liquidity give us the ability to weather even a severe downturn. We've recently suspended our share buyback program to give us more flexibility. We are continually evaluating potential scenarios, and we believe that even if an economic downturn persisted through most of the year, we would be able to maintain our dividend at its current level. I believe we will emerge from this stronger on the other side. But in the meantime, we are intently focused on doing what we can for our customers, communities and employees as they deal with their unique situations. We stand ready with the necessary liquidity to support this significant loan demand we expect to see in the coming weeks as the government continues to roll up facilities to support businesses, such as the Small Business Administration, Paycheck Protection Program, and the Main Street Lending Program. We've made adjustments to certain consumer and small business lending products and services to make them more affordable and accessible to existing customers who may be experiencing financial stress. We also raised mobile check deposit limits for many customers using our mobile app. Recognizing the precarious situation many of our communities are in, we announced a number of initiatives including a $30 million new and redirected investments, $26 million of which are to local non-profit across the country to continue to support individuals and families with financial education, affordable housing and work assistance. We've taken a number of steps to support and protect our employees. Within a short period of time, we have transitioned 76% of our employees to be able to work from the safety of their home. We announced a premium pay program to provide office critical frontline employees a 20% hourly wage increase during these shelter-in-place conditions. We also expanded our flexible leave policies and we're keeping our employees safe with personal protection equipment at our customer facing sites. I want to end this call by saying thank you to our employees, those working from home and those on the frontlines. I'm proud of the way you’ve come together and the work you're doing to partner with and support all of our constituents in this very difficult time. We will now open up the call for Q&A.
Andy Cecere: And Erika, I'm just going to add a little bit to Terry's comments on the merchant card and corporate payments spend. So, if you think about the first quarter, three months, we really saw the stress in the last half of the last month. So, we sort of had a one-sixth impact on the quarter on those payments businesses. And what Terry is telling you is that what we saw in those last two months of March in merchant, in corporate and retail was a spend and particularly in merchant down in that 50% plus range. Now, no one knows exactly when that's going to come back. And what Terry -- as he indicated is we're stress testing it, understanding that that’s the impact we wanted to provide you with detail. But when it comes back, it’s uncertain for sure. But that's the impact and the exposure we would have.
Andy Cecere: I think generally speaking, all banks are in a good position right now, which is why we're all able to help our customers while protecting employees, which is exactly what we're focused on. One of the other things I said is, we have been stressing across all the dynamics, margin, fees, all the things we've talked about as well as credit losses. And importantly, based on what I know today, even if the economic downturn persisted through the most of the year, we still believe we can maintain the dividend, which is also an important factor for shareholders.
Terry Dolan: So, let me try to address maybe the DFAST questions first. And, when we end up thinking about the allowance maybe at current state relative to losses that we're experiencing, we think that the coverage ratio associated with that is relatively strong. That is over kind of a nine-quarter period of time. We have a lot of capacity with respect to our pre-provision net revenue capability in terms of being able to produce that. So, we have the opportunity to be able to absorb a pretty substantial amount of losses if need to, especially when you kind of think about where our capital level is, where we’d need to progress before it become problematic. So, when we think about the coverage ratio, 2.7%, when we think about the reserve from here on out, I think that things will continue to progress and evolve and change. How this recession I think is different and clearly the rapid development of the situation in terms of the healthcare crisis, the impacts obviously to people from an employment perspective and having to either work from home or being unemployed peaks pretty quickly. As we think about it and certainly as we were thinking about the reserving process, we took into consideration, tried to take into consideration the rapid increase that would take place and then the impact that it would have on unemployment over a more sustained period of time before it starts to come down. It's hard to judge, particularly right now because there's just a lot of moving parts. I think, the other thing that comes into play, which is kind of difficult to get your arms around is the whole stimulus package. I think, the governments put a lot of programs into place, both to stabilize the markets quickly as well as to be able to bridge customers and businesses between now and when they're able to get back to employment. And that's one of the things that will continue to play out over time. But, we do expect that the credit quality statistics related to nonperforming and delinquencies and things like that will continue to progress upward and we'll have to watch and manage it.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So, one of the things we tried to do on slide 13 is to give you a good sense in terms of both the percentage of revenue that our payments businesses represent as a percentage of the total revenue of the Company as well as industries, the mix of the industries that are more severely impacted. So, let me kind of break it down. But, I do believe at a high level when we think about and how we're kind of stress testing the next several quarters, we do believe that second, third and possibly through the end of the fourth quarter that consumer spend and business spend is going to be at relatively low level. So, as we're modeling and we're thinking that, for example, merchant is going to continue to be down at 50% to 60% on a year-over-year basis that CPS is going to continue to be down in that 25% to 30% sort of range, and that RPS is probably going to continue to migrate downward, it's kind of in that 30% to 40% range today. But I do think that it starts to migrate closer to that 50% as well. And that's, as we are stress testing and thinking about the future quarters, that's how we're thinking about it. And it's a function of the mix of the businesses. So, if you think about the merchant acquiring business, we have a -- about 28% of revenue from that business is directly tied to travel and hospitality and another 27% is directly tied to retail. And both of those businesses are pretty significantly impacted, and the airlines as an example being 85% to 95% down depending upon the week. So, it's -- as we think about second, third and even into the fourth quarter, we're stressing it down quite a bit. 
Terry Dolan: Oh, yes. Future delivery, I'm sorry. Yes, future delivery. So, future delivery, if you think about the airline industry, we process transactions for the airline industry as well as some other merchants where customers are paying upfront for their tickets for a future travel or flight. And the merchant kind of stands in between -- the merchant acquirer stands in between the customer that is buying that ticket and the airline that will provide that future service to that customer. So, to the extent that that airline is unable to provide it, then the customer has the right to go back against a merchant acquirer. Now, what ends up happening over time is and what has been happening is that exposure gets -- starts to dissipate and it dissipates when the airline either refunds the customer or the customer decides not to fly the flight or the airline provides future credits to that particular customer. And so, that future delivery risk to us continues to dissipate over time. But, we wanted to make sure and we're required from an accounting standpoint to recognize the potential risk associated with that future delivery exposure and we'll continue to manage it.
Terry Dolan: Well, it’s spend, and revenue is pretty closely tied to the same sort of trends. And again, as Andy said, it really is a function of when do businesses relaunch, when the people get back to work and what is the duration of the situation. And that is really hard to get your arms around. But we're stress testing it, based upon what I talked about.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So, great question, Bill. And so, if you -- if we had perfect insight into exactly what was going to happen and we knew exactly how bad GDP and unemployment and everything else was going to get, the CECL process would take that into consideration. But, as you know, nobody has perfect insights. In fact, the expectations around unemployment and GDP and when people get back to work and all sorts of things are constantly changing. So, at any particular point in time, we have to make our best estimate of what that forecast looks like, knowing that it's likely to continue to progress based on how conditions change. So, if you end up -- when we go through that process, we end up looking at things like Moody's Analytics, and Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs, a whole variety of different. And even over the course of last seven days or so, those projections with respect to how the economy is going to change, and what the potential impacts might be, has been pretty significant. So, we're going to have to take all those things into consideration as part of that process. Then, of course, the models are never perfect. There is a lot of things that we have to take into consideration from a judgmental standpoint. Think about the impact of the stimulus package. It's really hard at this particular point in time to know exactly what the benefits are that are going to come into play, et cetera. So, there's just a lot of different factors that we have to try to consider. So, we believe that it's going to continue to evolve really over the next several quarters. And that's going to impact the reserve build over time.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Well, obviously, we do try to take into consideration what we know and apply judgment with respect to what we think the trends are going to be. But eventually, you have to kind of snap the chalk line and say this is what we're going to base our assessment on. And we really have to do that right around the end of the quarter. So, as things change, we'll have to take that into consideration. The other thing, in terms of the whole reserving process, just maybe to kind of put some context around it. So, there's obviously a lot of judgment that kind of comes into play and you have to kind of come up with what's your economic forecast is. But, as we think about it, and the reserve at the end of the first quarter, when we end up looking at the coverage ratios that we have in terms of charge-offs and in terms of the overall loan book et cetera, we feel like those coverage ratios are at least reasonable at this particular point in time. Also kind of keep in mind that on day one, we had to make certain judgments and assessments with respect to the amount of the CECL judgment at that particular point in time. And to kind of give you some insight, when we made that assessment of the economic forecast, a little over 50% of it we have shown, would either be a slower growth environment or moderate recessions, or a severe recession. So, there were lots of different views with respect to where the economy was going to go. So, we have taken some of that into consideration as part of our day one. And then, it's also very important to take into consideration where you're starting from? And if you think about our portfolio in terms of determining the allowance, our portfolios on a consumer side are principally prime or super prime sort of customers with very high FICO scores and good coverage in terms of loan-to-value ratios on the secured side of the equation. And our commercial book of business tends to be high investment grade where we stress cash flows, based on cash flow and ability to be able to withstand. So, we start from good credit underwriting, a good risk profile, strong coverage ratios, all those things are taken into consideration in terms of our estimate of the allowance.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Again, I think, since the end of March, I think, there are a number of forecasts that have come out with respect to GDP declining dramatically, particularly in the second quarter. I think, there are other forecasts that try to take into consideration not only what I would call a V-shaped sort of recovery, but more a maybe U-shaped sort of recovery. So, the duration has changed a fair amount. And then, where unemployment either peaks or at least what level it’s sustained at over a period of time, I think whether you look at Moody's Analytics, you look at the reports that have come out from Goldman Sachs or JP Morgan since the end of the quarter, most of those have started to at least incorporate downside risk related to the environment.
Terry Dolan: And Chris, maybe one of the last things on the commercial real estate side of the equation, for the last two years, we have really been tightening the underwriting and bringing down our exposure with respect to construction lending. I think, that's a pretty significant difference. And we have been doing that in contemplation that ultimately we have some form of a downturn. And we've been relatively conservative associated with that. If you end up looking at the peak, one of the questions you had is, really kind of in the last cycle kind of what sort of peaks did we see. Ultimately, I think, the reserve at that time ended up building to about 2.9% of loans and the charge-off rates ended up kind of increasing to about 2.4% kind of overall. So, there's -- that's why I say, I think we end up looking at charge-offs and some of these other statistics, they're going to continue to migrate. But, we have good, strong -- if you end up looking at the -- even the allowance today, and while I said I think that future quarters it’s going to continue to build, you look at the allowance today in terms of coverage ratios relative to net charges-offs, non-performing assets, et cetera. Our coverage ratios are very strong.
Terry Dolan: Yes. I think part of that is, what commitments have now funded. But, what we try to do is take into consideration from a reserving perspective what unfunded commitments exist out there and probabilities that they will become funded and then the loss rates that you have to apply to it. But, Mark, can you... 
Terry Dolan: Yes. We didn't talk about that. In the modeling process as of the end of March, we talked about the fact that this will continue to evolve and change as estimates change. But in the modeling process, we tried to take -- we considered a number of different forecasts, ultimately in the high single digits between 8% and 10%. And that is being sustained at a certain level for a period of time and ultimately dissipating as we get into 2021.
Terry Dolan: Yes. At this particular point in time, we feel like that's a pretty good estimate of what we think the exposure is. And again, it's a liability for what the exposure might be related to that future delivery. In this particular area, that exposure tends to dissipate again for a whole variety of different reasons, including airlines making refunds, them using their government stimulus programs in order to be able to do that, customers choosing not to fly the flights, or being given future credit by the airlines. So that will dissipate it quite a bit. And then, the other thing you guys have to kind of keep in mind is that for these airlines to relaunch, they need a merchant acquirer. And so, from a prioritization perspective, they want to make sure that their merchant acquirer is onboard and ready to go. So, they tend to prioritize the resolution of those future delivery exposures, to make sure that that merchant acquirer is helpful. 
Terry Dolan: Yes. So, I think, you're trying to get at when we think about DFAST and how our reserve would kind of compare to DFAST results. And again, that $15 billion is pretty close to that estimate, both by the Fed as well as ourselves. And that is really what sort of losses you would experience over a nine-quarter period with pretty severe unemployment taking place and being sustained over a substantial amount of that time. Our allowance today represents just shy of 40% of that. And we certainly have the capacity both from a capital perspective as well as from a earnings perspective to be able to manage any losses that might be above that reserve level. We don't necessarily -- as we think about it necessarily come up with a percentage of losses relative to DFAST, but I think the coverage is pretty strong at this particular point in time. And again, it will progress as the quarters go on.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So, there's actually two different tests, there's LCR and there's kind of a liquidity stress test. And with respect to liquidity stress tests, the coverage ratios which aren't disclosed are much higher than the LCR itself. So, under a stress scenario, we have the liquidity and the ability to be able to manage that very effectively. In terms of liquidity today, right now, we have about $40 billion of cash that we're maintaining that's kind of what we're targeting. And we have substantial kind of off-balance sheet liquidity, whether that is through a variety of different lines and sources. And then, within the investment portfolio, there is probably realistically about another $20 billion that we could draw down if we had to. So from a liquidity perspective, even under a pretty significant stress, we feel pretty comfortable.
Terry Dolan: Well, I think it's probably base case for purposes of the second quarter, so with near term. And when I talked about stress test, it's really trying to understand if the COVID situation continues on in the third and fourth quarter, what that would look like. So, I think near term, that's kind of what we would expect until businesses start to recover and consumers kind of get back to full employment, so to speak.
Mark Runkel: Yes. I would just say, in addition to what Terry has mentioned, like I said, on the retail side or the consumer side, the portfolio continues to be very strong. I think, we're better positioned at this point of the economic cycle than we were going into the last downturn, the quality of the portfolio in terms of the average borrower profile from a credit perspective is stronger, the loan to values are lower, especially in real estate portfolios. That would be true as well with our auto portfolio, both loan and lease is stronger today, as well as our credit card portfolio. So, we feel good. But, the quality of the portfolio as Terry said is very much prime, on the commercial side continues to be pretty much investment grade or equivalent. As you know, we capitalized during the last downturn to really what I would say -- move towards large corporate strategy and with that we've got higher quality borrowers today than we had going into the last downturn, which has provided some of the funding of that $22 billion and some of the draws that we talked about earlier. And then, the commercial real estate, we've been in that business a long time and that's really a relationship based. And I would say we've really gone upmarket and focused in on stronger sponsors today, compared to where we were at the last downturn. I think, from a credit quality perspective, the portfolio is very strong as we enter into this changing economic environment.
Mark Runkel: Yes. I would just say that the unfunded commitments, we also look at the credit quality of those borrowers. And so, what remains is some of the stronger quality borrowers on the balance sheet as well.
Mark Runkel: That would be both portfolios. We've helped a number of customers. What I would say is, those are programs or modifications that we've drawn kind of in the past on a forward-looking view. On the consumer portfolio over the last few weeks, we have granted programs and extensions of about 181,000 customers, which is about 4.9% of on and off-balance sheet exposure. In addition, we've helped 3,400 business customers or about $2 billion of total of exposure as well. So, those would not be included in those restructured numbers that you're looking at.
