Andy Cecere: Thanks, Jen. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. Following our prepared remarks, Terry and I will take any questions you have. I'll begin on Slide 3. In the first quarter, we reported earnings per share of $0.99 and total revenue of $5.6 billion. The quarter was highlighted by strong loan growth, continued momentum in our payments businesses, well-controlled expenses and strong credit quality. As expected, mortgage banking revenue declined in the first quarter due to slower refinancing activity in the market. However, we saw a good momentum in business activity and related revenue growth within other fee businesses, including payments, trust and investment management and treasury management. This quarter, we released $50 million in loan loss reserves, reflecting continued strong credit quality. And at March 31, our CET1 capital ratio was 9.8%. Slide 4 provides key performance metrics. In the first quarter, we delivered a return on assets of 1.09% and a return on tangible common equity of 16.6%. Slide 5 highlights strengths in digital engagement. Digital transactions account for over 80% of total transactions and total digital loan sales account for about 2/3 of total loan sales. We are pleased with the progress we have seen so far, but believe there is further opportunity to increase customer engagement through digital adoption by helping customers, consumers and business customers to understand the full scope of capabilities available to assist them in managing their financial lives. We are continually adding and enhancing digital features and functionality and applying a digital plus human approach. A great example of this is our Do-it-Together co-browse technology. Through this tool, interactions with our customers, a key driver of engagements have increased in number and have become more efficient as well as effective. Turning to Slide 6. We believe our complete payments ecosystem is a competitive advantage for our company. The opportunity to connect our banking customers with our payments products and services and our payments customers with our banking products and services will continue to drive meaningful profit and return differential for our company over the next several years. Our small business initiative is just 1 example of many that we see driving both account growth and deeper relationships. We believe the suite of products we offer to our small business customers will allow us to grow those relationships by 15% to 20% and related revenue by 25% to 30% over the next few years. We are particularly encouraged by the trends we are seeing in the uptake of our talech point-of-sale functionality, which allows small business customers to manage their banking and payments needs in a simple, easy-to-use format that we provide in the form of a dashboard. On the right side of the slide, you can see that the number of new talech customers increased fivefold in 2021 compared to 2020, and that strong growth trajectory has continued in 2022. Year-to-date, new talech customers are 1.5x the full year 2020 level. Now let me turn the call over to Terry to provide more details on the quarter.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Terry. Our strong first quarter results have positioned us well for the rest of the year, and we are encouraged by the loan growth trends and business activity that we are seeing in the early part of the second quarter. Credit quality remains strong. Nonetheless, we continue to approach credit decisions with a through-the-cycle lens. . We feel good about the secular trends we are seeing across our fee businesses. Our payments revenue continues to recover, and we look to continued cyclical recovery in travel and entertainment as the year progresses. More importantly, over the near and intermediate term, our multiyear investments in this business and the strategic initiatives aimed at leveraging the power of our payments ecosystem will continue to pay off. We are closely managing operating expenses even as we invest in our digital initiatives, our payments capabilities and our technology modernization. On that front, I'd like to highlight a few of our recent announcements. We enhanced the service that we call Extend Pay, an offering which allows our existing consumer and business cardholders to a buy now, pay later option where they can choose a flexible payment plan that suits their needs. We also rolled out a request for payment capability, which allows merchants to send bills directly to customers' bank's accounts. Those customers have the option to send payment immediately to the biller via real-time payment rails. In February, we announced a meaningful investment in our cloud strategy, which is aimed at modernizing our technology foundation so as to further improve the security of our data, financial assets and customer privacy while allowing for the transformation of applications and infrastructure to create leading-edge customer experiences. We will continue to leverage our suit of products, services and capabilities to enhance the customer experience, which we believe will support meaningful account growth and deeper relationships across our entire franchise over the next several years. In closing, 2022 is off to a good start, and I'd like to thank our employees for all they do to support our strategic goals and continue our customer -- continue to serve our customers and communities. We will now open up the call for Q&A.
Andy Cecere: I think that's a good summary, Terry. John, it's interesting because consumer spend on the merchant side, if we look at that data versus pre-pandemic levels in the first quarter, still up 9% to 15%. Consumer credit card spend still up versus pre-pandemic 35%, and corporate payments still up 10%. The 1 area Terry mentioned that is not back to recovery yet is corporate T&E, which is about 75% of what is normal or pre-pandemic levels, and we would expect that to continue to get better as we all start to get out on the road more. So we're not seeing any negative trends thus far, and it continues to be very strong.
Andy Cecere: And our -- I think our utilization rates support that, Terry. We have been running in that 19% plus or minus, for a number of quarters, and we saw an increase, certainly not to normal levels, but in the 22% to 23% in the last few months.
Andy Cecere: I think that's right. And Mike, when you asked about the guidance and Terry mentioned that fees are relatively stable, that is mortgage coming down a fair bit as well as deposit service charges with some of the changes that we made in overdrafts, which is offset positively by some of our payments businesses and the expectations that we now have for the full year as well as the trust businesses. So there's some value and diversification of those revenue streams, and it's coming through in payments and trust.
Andy Cecere: And part of that credit card comp, Mike, is the prepaid impacts of prior years is still impacting the comps year-over-year in 2022.
Andy Cecere: I think that it certainly won't shrink at the same level it has been shrinking, Gerard, just for the reasons you mentioned because of refinancing people would have money out, and that would be cause -- would replace home equity, so to speak. So I think you'll see a positive trend there. It certainly is not going to offset the mortgage impacts directly, but I think it will be positive.
Andy Cecere: What we're focused on with Zelle is just increasing the utilization of Zelle across our customer base. I think it's a terrific product. It has a lot of use cases. We're looking at different use cases. But overall, what we're trying to do is just increase the utilization.
Andy Cecere: No. We do think, Bill, that can allow us to gain share. I think it's a combination of a number of things. Terry talked about the investments we made over the last 3 or 4 years. Our focus on tech-led initiatives and selling points differently than it was 4 or 5 years ago. And then that combination of bringing banking together with merchant processing into a comprehensive product set, we talked about talech and the dashboard, I think all those things position us well for future growth, both growth within the customer base that we have, but also expanding and acquiring new customers.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Matt, let me kind of take that question. With respect to asset sensitivity, and I'm going to kind of refer back to maybe the disclosures we had in the 10-K and probably the best one to look at would be kind of an upward gradual 200 basis point movement. I think that, that is at least the environment that the market implied with expected at this particular point in time. So if you end up applying that rate sensitivity of about 5.4% to the fourth quarter, I think it gives you a pretty good estimate of what sort of benefit that we see in terms of net interest income kind of going forward. Maybe kind of qualitatively, I think that when we see early in the cycle, deposit betas will be relatively low. Our portfolio, when you look at loans, it's probably about 50%, 55% is floating rate and about 45% to 50% is fixed rate. So that probably gives you some perspective with respect to kind of what we're expecting to see. From a Union Bank point of view, as we've said in the past, it is a bit more asset sensitive than us. It should help us kind of, I would say, 35, 40 basis points. When you end up looking at their portfolio and the assets that we’ll be acquiring, it's deposit-heavy, so we'll have a substantial amount of cash and the opportunity to be able to reinvest that as the -- as rates move up.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So as we've said, currently, we're at 9.8% in terms of our CET1 ratio. We would expect it will be in the range of that 8.5% to 9% at the end of the closing. Of course, it will be dependent upon how much rates move between now and the actual closing time. Our -- I talked a little bit about the Day 1 provision in terms of the credit mark. From an asset mark, I think it will be a little bit higher than what we had originally anticipated or disclosed in -- at the time of the acquisition, simply because of the rising rates, but not significantly different.
Terry Dolan: Yes. I think that the capital expenditure is probably driven by a couple of different things. I think that most businesses over the course of the last couple of years have been kind of holding back with respect to capital expenditure. And so I think that there's a bit of an increase in that spend just related to that. And then I do think that as companies see more and more inflationary pressure, they're going to look to business and business automation as ways of kind of offsetting some of the pressure that they see with respect to being actually to acquire talent. And so I think that our expectation, at least in the near term, is that capital expenditure will continue to be reasonably strong.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So maybe I think it's helpful to maybe have a little context. When you end up looking at our deposit business or balances, about 50% of it is consumer based and 50% of it is institutional, if you will, which tends to have a little bit of a higher beta. But our expectation, especially early in the cycle, is that betas will move relatively slow. And then as we get further into the development of the cycle, it will start to accelerate a bit. But to kind of give you some perspective, we would expect probably through the full cycle of 2022 that betas on the consumer will be less than 10% and then maybe slightly higher that on a terminal basis. On the institutional side, we would expect through the 2022 cycle somewhere between 50% and 60% with a terminal level that's maybe a little bit higher than that. A couple of things to that, as we are looking at it, we believe that relative to, for example, the last cycle that our deposit betas will be a little bit less sensitive for a couple of different reasons. One is the consumer balances are larger by about 5% relative to the last cycle. Our corporate trust deposit balances are lower in terms of -- so the mix of the deposit base has changed. And then we have moved away from concentrations related to brokerage-related type of deposits, which we had more of in the past. We still have some, but a lower concentration. So all of those things are going to drive lower beta growth than what we saw in the past.
Terry Dolan: Yes. The vast majority, if not all of it, was really tied to the change in the unrealized gains and losses on the investment portfolio. And then the driver, when we think about the future, we started to change a couple of different things. So in the fourth quarter, we moved about $43 billion of our investment securities to held-to-maturity As we are reinvesting runoff associated with the investment portfolio, we'll continue to move more and more of that into the held-to-maturity sort of category. And then certainly, as we close on Union Bank, we have the opportunity after the mark to move a lot of that into held to maturity as well. So today, about 30% of the overall portfolio is in the held-to-maturity category, And our expectation is over some period of time, we would move that percentage up significantly.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So let me start with the last question and kind of talk a little bit about the deposits and then to the extent that I don't cover everything, just remind me. But deposits in the Corporate Trust business or in the trust -- institutional -- the Investment Services Group, which includes Corporate Trust, represent about 15% of their total interest-bearing deposits.  Now in the last rate cycle, that was about 22%. So it's down relative to the overall mix. And then the vast majority of it is not indexed to any particular rate. And so we do have the ability to manage that. A fair amount of the deposits within Corporate Trust are noninterest-bearing as well, which I think is helpful. That percentage is probably a little bit higher than what it was in the past. But the competitive pressure will be -- will really come as money market funds start to move up, we do have the ability to lag relative to that. But that's where some of that competitive pressure comes from.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So when we end up looking at earning assets, our expectation is that the investment portfolio will be relatively flat or stable, really through the end of the year and the vast majority of the growth will come on the loan portfolio side of the equation. As we look into the second quarter, our expectation is that loan growth will continue to be strong. This and, as a reminder, it was up on a linked quarter basis about 3.4%. And while it may not be at that level, I think it will still be up on a linked quarter basis very nicely, and we would continue to expect good solid growth in the C&I portfolio as well as credit cards will start to seasonally get stronger, et cetera.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Erika, I think your estimates with respect to the total size are reasonable. Our expectation is that, to kind of give you some perspective, when you end up looking at the rules, rules say that you need to be able to -- you need to be at an average of over a 4-quarter period above $700 million. So there's a bit of runway that exists between now and when we might become a category to sort of entity. Some of the things that -- some of the actions that I talked about with respect to the held-to-maturity composition of the investment portfolio, I think, will help kind of mitigate that. Certainly, we'll generate a fair amount of earnings between now and, let's say, 6 or 7 quarters out. And I think all those things will kind of help us manage through that time frame. The other thing is that when we do close on Union Bank, it's deposit heavy in terms of the mix. So it will be a significant amount of cash, and we would expect to utilize that to help us manage borrowings down and things like that in order to be able to stay below that $700 million or $1 billion threshold for an extended period of time.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So to answer the last piece, yes, it would be fully recovered certainly by the end of the year. And just given kind of projections in the marketplace with respect to rates, we'll see a significant amount of that recovered in the second quarter with a residual amount kind of in the third quarter. Maybe as a reminder, we recover about 65% of it in the first 25 basis point movement. 90% of it in the next 25 basis point movement and all of it after the third 25 basis point movement. So most of it in the second quarter, but some amount in the third.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Obviously, the mortgage banking business is going to trend along with at the point in time, refinancings, the mix of business is probably 70% home sales and 30% refinancing. So the -- on a linked quarter basis, the impact of refinancings will be less than what it has been in the past. So it will come down to kind of home sale activity. We continue to think that, that will be reasonably strong. And our investment in kind of the retail channel will be good. I think the things that will be drivers, Ken, in the future on a linked quarter basis, we'll really be where do gain on sale margins go and how -- that will be driven based upon how fast the capacity comes out of the system. But at least at this particular point in time, just looking at kind of industry metrics, I think, is a good way of kind of thinking about how we'll perform as well.
Terry Dolan: Yes. I think that, again, we would expect that mortgage -- excuse me, that fee income will be relatively stable on a year-over-year basis. So when you end up looking at what's going to be the driver, it will be net interest income. And from here on out, I think it's going to be kind of a balance between loan growth and interest rates because I -- if I had to kind of give you a mix and I don't necessarily have that with me, but it's probably 60%, 65% rates and 30%, 35% on the loan portfolio growth side of the equation.
Terry Dolan: Yes. The other thing I would just say is that we'll start to see some seasonal benefit associated with the credit card portfolio as we get into the second and third quarter.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Again, I think if you end up looking at the components, merchant and CPS on an ongoing basis, high single digits, I think credit card will be probably at a lower level than that, but it will be consistent with the way the rest of the industry is growing.
Terry Dolan: Again, for merchant and CPS, we think post '22, high single digits. And we believe that credit card will perform kind of consistent with the rest of the industry. The comps, as you say, this year will be impacted by the prepaid card revenue because that is coming down, but then that starts to normalize as you get into 2023.
Terry Dolan: Yes, we don't expect a lot of that. The large contracts that got renegotiated were more on the CPS side of the equation about 2 years ago, and that's kind of fully in the run rate at this particular point in time. As you know that those contracts are usually 10, 12 years in length. So we don't see anything on the horizon there.
Terry Dolan: We're always looking at opportunities to serve the customers in areas they need. The other -- another sort of related is the whole buy now, pay later component that we talked about. I mentioned some examples in my prepared remarks, but as you think about home equity improvements, a new way of financing that is through a buy now, pay later or financing a point of sale. So that's something we're also focused on.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Fair question. And I think there's a lot more conversation around that in terms of whether or not there will be recessionary sort of pressures 12 to 18 months out. I would start by just saying when we end up looking at the economic outlook right now and kind of what we're seeing, we continue to see a pretty robust environment.  That said, Gerard, I think it's a fair question because credit issues that we -- decisions we made today and a year ago are what's going to affect us. And we never really changed our underwriting approach. We've always been very focused on as an example, in the consumer side, we focus on prime and super prime customers in our card business, in our auto business, et cetera. I think the mortgage, just the underwriting associated with mortgages is different today than it was 10, 15 years ago, which will help.  But then on the C&I side of the equation or the corporate side of the equation, we do very little leverage lending sort of activities and areas that have been kind of structurally impacted like retail, et cetera, retail malls, et cetera. We've kind of made a lot of changes to our portfolio over the last several years. So I actually think that we'll perform quite well in the event that we were to see recessionary pressures develop.
Terry Dolan: Yes. I mean, I think that -- I think it's worthwhile just kind of trying to understand the mix of the types of investment securities that people are putting into their particular portfolio. When you get into stress in the economy, et cetera, certain types of investments may not perform as well in terms of our own portfolio, highly concentrated in treasury and government-backed, mortgage-backed securities. So we don't see a lot of credit risk in our particular portfolio, but it is something I think -- from an industry standpoint, it's worthwhile watching.
Terry Dolan: Yes. I mean I think that the bulk of that savings, we certainly start to realize some of it later this year, but the bulk of it does get realized in 2023. And certainly, when we get close to the -- into the fourth quarter and first quarter of '24, the vast majority of it will realized. So I think the timing is very consistent with what we talked about just affected by the timing of the deal.
Terry Dolan: Yes. With our Corporate Trust business, we always see a ramp-up in that type of deposit near the end of the year as deals try to get closed and almost like clockwork around the 10th of January and through February, we see a runoff. So it's all really seasonal from our standpoint.
Terry Dolan: Yes. No, it's a good question. And as we kind of go through the modeling then we look at the information on kind of how we think it's going to end up affecting not only us, but I think the industry, so you're going to see that deposit growth is going to slow. But I do -- our expectation is that certainly, that deposit levels overall will grow slowly. And that will be more in line with just the overall growth of the economy. So our expectation is that deposits continue to grow but at a lower rate.
