Andy Cecere: Thanks George. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. I'll begin on slide three. In the first quarter, we reported earnings per share of $1.04, which includes $0.12 per share of charges related to the MUFG Union Bank acquisition. Excluding those notable items, earnings per share was $1.16. We achieved record net revenue of $7.2 billion for the quarter. Following our successful close of Union Bank acquisition in December of 2022, first quarter results reflected a full year's benefit of the acquired franchise, continued growth in earning assets, net interest margin expansion, and higher non-interest income led by stronger commercial product and mortgage banking fee revenues. Slide four details our reported and adjusted income statement results as well as the end of period and average balances and other performance metrics. On the right, you'll see the credit quality remains strong, but is starting to normalize as expected. Our charge-off ratio of 30 basis points as adjusted is well below pre-COVID levels and reflective of our disciplined risk management culture. The CET1 ratio, our binding regulatory constraint was 8.5% at the end of the quarter and is consistent with our target capital ratio. We expect to exceed 9.0% later this year as we accrete capital back quickly over the next few quarters and continue to focus on risk-weighted asset optimization initiatives. Slide five provides key performance metrics. Excluding notable items, our return on average assets was 1.15% and our return on average common equity was 15.7%. Our return on tangible common equity was 24.3% on an adjusted basis. Slide six provides both a high-level time line and general update on our planned conversion of Union Bank. Integration efforts have been progressing well and we remain on track for our successful main systems conversion over the upcoming Memorial Day weekend. We anticipate a full transition of all accounts by the second half of the year. Turning to slide seven. The industry disruption early in March has reinforced the importance of maintaining a well-diversified business with an appropriate risk profile. We maintain a resilient and diversified deposit base. Over half of our deposits are insured and 80% of the uninsured deposits are retail or operational in nature. Our diversified funding sources, ample liquidity levels and strong credit quality supported by disciplined underwriting standards are all hallmarks of our approach to risk management. I'll now turn the call over to Terry, who can provide more detail on the balance sheet strength and the first quarter earnings results.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Terry. Events of the past few weeks have certainly raised questions about the overall health of the banking industry and the economic outlook. Business of banking involves taking balanced risks and these risks must be carefully managed, appropriately regulated and prudently mitigated. At U.S. Bank, we are focused on the strength and stability of our balance sheet. Our investment in risk management practice is guided by our core principle that includes always doing the right thing for the many stakeholders, communities, and constituents we serve. A key strength of our institution is our high-quality and diversified business mix and deposit base. The combination of a mix of consumer, corporate and commercial customers with significant operational deposits, broad geographic reach, and a full breadth and depth of product and service offerings serves as a key differentiator for the bank. Our high debt ratings, resilient liquidity profile, available funding sources and strong earnings capacity enable us to deliver industry-leading regulatory test results and contribute to our resiliency during times of uncertainty. As we continue to work to ensure a successful conversion of Union Bank next month, we are already seeing the benefits of increased scale and market share as we bring our enhanced digital capabilities and broad and diverse product set to the Union Bank customer base. Our reputation as a prudent risk manager has been earned through our performance over many cycles and we have never been more focused on the strength and stability of our balance sheet. Let me close by thanking our employees for all that they do on a daily basis for our customers, communities, and shareholders. We have shown incredible strength and stability during these challenging times and I am more confident than ever in our ability to continue to deliver exceptional client service, superior product offerings in a rapidly changing environment. We'll now open the call for Q&A.
Andy Cecere: So, Erika, good question. And so, I'm just going to go from the beginning. I think that would be helpful. So, as you know, we were well above 9% and came down to 8.4% as a result of the Union Bank transaction. The Union Bank transaction is a terrific transaction. We're exceeding our revenue expectations. We are coming under on our expense expectations. The accretion is greater than we expected. So the value of the franchise is positive for sure. As we think about the Category II, I have three or four factors, I think about. Number one is the earnings accretion that we talked about, which is strong and growing, and will become even more accretive as we get through the cost takeout component of the Union Bank integration. Number two is, we have a number of initiatives across the board for risk-weighted asset optimization. Those are things like credit transfers, risk transfers, a number of things to optimize the balance sheet that I think we ought to be focused on and are very focused on to your question. And I think, with those two things, as I mentioned, we expect to exceed 9% by the end of this year. That, coupled with our AOC burn down and additional accretion as we go into 2024, makes me comfortable that we are prepared with whatever event occurs as it relates to Category II in the timing, as Terry mentioned, no later -- no earlier than the end of 2024.
Andy Cecere: Yeah, the regulators are going through an analysis and a process right now to think about how capital levels ought to be in the industry across the board with Basel IV end game and whatever changes the categorization that occurs. So we are waiting for that as you are to understand what the new environment will look like. But the plan that we have in place is assuming what you -- what Terry just discussed.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Mike. So as I said, I'm -- that is not part of our thinking as we sit today. I'm confident that our earnings accretion, our RWA optimization, our AOC burn down will all get us to a point that we will be at the appropriate capital levels, and I can assure you that it's a high focus area for myself and the entire management team, including Terry. So that is something we're very focused on. Now as it relates to buybacks, I will tell you, as we all know, there's a lot of capital changes that are likely to occur from a regulatory standpoint. So we're not going to do anything until we have more clarity around that, which we hope to have in the second half of the year. But the focus on getting to the appropriate capital levels as quickly as possible, accreting capital and building that capital base is priority one.
Andy Cecere: So the strategies that we have in place are reflected in the guidance that we provided. So that would not change that, and we'll continue to update that guidance, given the economic conditions and rates and the scenarios that we see. But as Terry mentioned, this is a priority for us, and we have a number of initiatives underway, which is the appropriate thing to do, because I think capital for all banks is going to be more precious as we think about the forward regulatory environment.
Andy Cecere: Sure, Gerard. So first of all, the rest of the portfolio is very stable. If you look at our charge-off rates and non-accruals and so forth in the numbers around credit metrics, the rest of the portfolio is stable and starting to normalize, but normalizing as we expected. I do think the area of focus for all of us is office within real estate. And I do think there's some activity occurring there with tenants, behavior changes, sponsor behavior changes. That is going to cause some pressure in the industry because of maybe an acceleration of what we thought was going to be a little longer process occurring more rapidly. So you can imagine that we're very focused on it as well. We have not put on a lot of CRE office over the last many years. We've been very, very conservative around that. So as you say, we don't have a large exposure, but I do think it's an area of a lot of emphasis and focus because I do think there are going to be pressures occurring.
Andy Cecere: I think, Mike, you're trying to understand -- or Matt, you're trying to understand the -- if Union Bank has an impact on our reserve to loans ratio and what it is. I don't think it has a major impact.
Andy Cecere: Yes. And that is still growing to math, but it's just growing at a lower rate, particularly in retail. Airline spend continues to be very, very high, which is a little bit of the reason that we have a differential between sales growth and in revenue growth because the airline spread is a little thinner. So, travel continues to be strong. Retail came down a bit, but still growing.
Andy Cecere: To your point, most of the changes were in NII, and it's a function of the rate curve, the rate environment, the expectation about rate increases as well as the deposit pricing that Terry made reference to in the beta of approaching 40%. So most of the change was in NII.
Andy Cecere: We have a great diversity of revenue sources and they're all doing well. So payments is up approaching double digits, 9% of year-over-year basis, as Terry talked about, spend levels are good. We have had a bang of a quarter in our Commercial Products group across the categories, and that is doing just terrifically in this environment and just driving revenue growth as well. Trust is doing well. So – and mortgage. So that's the value of a diverse revenue stream. There are many different sources of revenue and fee income.
Andy Cecere: Yeah. So -- and we talked about this, Vivek in the fourth quarter that the expectation of that 8% going through 11% and the returns actually better. So if I look at it in the big picture, when we initially thought about the deal, Union Bank had a $2.9 billion or so revenue base and a $2.6 or so billion -- $2.3 billion expense base, so 600 PPNR and you look at the first quarter, and it's double that. So the revenues are stronger, principally because of the value of deposits in this rate environment. The expenses are a little less, and our expectations on our efficiencies are continuing to be on plan. So all that adds up to a higher accretion.
Andy Cecere: Dividend growth continues to be a priority, Erika. So our expectation is we would have continued growth in the dividend. The dividend growth numbers not hugely material to the capital accretion math. If you go through the numbers on that, that is a relatively small component of a negative downturn in capital. So that expectation that I talked about includes the expectation of a strong dividend.
Andy Cecere: So Mike, we expect a soft recession, a moderate recession later half of this year. But as Terry mentioned, our CECL accounting is assuming a sort of a two-thirds downturn, one-third base case. So we are reserved to a little bit more downward scenario.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Our expectation is that if you end up just looking at the industry, there's going to be pressure on deposits and high competition. We think will fare quite well with respect to that. To the extent that we see changes in deposits, it will be kind of based upon that competition. So, -- but I would say relatively stable. And then coming to your second question, the mix of NIBs as an example in roughly the fourth quarter was about 25%, 26% in that ballpark. It's 25%. We think it's kind of hitting that kind of stable level, keeping in mind that we have a lot of operational deposits tied to our -- both our Corporate and our Corporate Trust businesses, and that kind of helps to sustain it. So, it's a combination of things, Scott.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Our trajectory with respect to Category 2 is no earlier than the end of 2024. And that will be -- I think that will be more driven by whether the Fed makes that decision or not rather than asset size. Again, as we kind of manage the company, we're going to be -- continue to be very focused on profitable loan growth and things like that. So we get there when we get there. But that -- in our expectation right now is no sooner than the end of 2024.
Terry Dolan: Yes. It will be a combination of a couple of things we talked about, the -- just the capital generation from earnings and of course, that is helped by the Union Bank transaction. And then, we're very focused on capital management. We have to be just -- because of the Category II. And we'll be very focused on risk-weighted asset optimization and making sure that we're focused on profitable growth.
Terry Dolan: Yes. A couple of things that I would maybe add because that's right on. Coming back to AOCI, that burn will be kind of a function of a lot of different things. We have been very proactive in terms of repositioning the AFS portfolio, looking at asset sales and securitization -- or asset sales, security sales, et cetera. Again, to give you some sense, the duration of that investment portfolio -- of the AFS portfolio has gone from a little over 4.5% in the fourth quarter to about 3.8% in -- at the end of the first quarter. So we're going to continue to shorten the duration and that's going to help us with respect to managing AOCI. And then in addition to that, we have been essentially reducing the volatility of AOCI to up interest rate environments through hedging activities. So it's a combination of a variety of things that we're going to go through.
Terry Dolan: Yeah. Again, TLAC is one of those things that we're going to learn more as we go over the course of the next 12 months. I think the real question is not whether or not TLAC will exist because I do believe and we're expecting that it will be something that gets put into place. But how does that get calibrated for the regional banks, reflecting the risk profile that we have relative to the G subs? And there's a wide range of estimates that are out there. I -- when we end up looking at that, maybe one reasonable estimate would be based upon the foreign bank operators and levels of TLAC. If that is the case for us, I think it would be very manageable. It would be within a range that we would be able to manage, too. And then that just gives us flexibility with respect to how we utilize that within the bank.
Terry Dolan: Yes. And Mike, the thing that I would add to that, we're going to learn with respect to exactly how -- moving to category two and the inclusion in unrealized losses gets incorporated into the CCAR process. But just as a reminder, we have a pretty significant amount of buffer that already exists just based upon our credit performance and our PPNR performance because of the earnings capacity. We continue to reduce the volatility of AOCI to rising interest rates. We're doing that through pay-fixed hedges and just shortening the duration and things that I talked about earlier. I think there's very likely that they will incorporate a higher rate environment into the CCAR process. I will tell you that we've done lots of scenarios that look at a stagflation sort of environment and we actually perform better in that environment because the revenue streams tend to hold up given our mix of business, et cetera. So we're taking a lot of that into consideration. And like Andy said, we feel pretty confident that we don't have to go through a capital raise.
Terry Dolan: Yes. It's a couple of different things. One is, again, if you end up just looking at the mix of total deposits, we again think that total deposits will be relatively stable and that the mix of NIB will be relatively stable around that 25% up or down. Part of the decline in this particular quarter ties back to some of the seasonal flows, which are part of our trust business, but also the deposits that we knew were going to go out the door to MUFG because of closing down the PurePoint, et cetera. All of those things kind of tie in to the reason why we saw the decline this quarter.
Terry Dolan: Yes, we think that the capital generation, the accretion that we'll see the is core earnings capability. So it does not rely on those RWAs. So the RWA optimization that we will go through will be above and beyond that. That's a part of that overall capital strategy that Andy talked about earlier.
Terry Dolan: Yes, it will help us both this year as well as into next year. Absolutely. As you know, John, we've been kind of preparing for Cat 2 for well over a year. We put a lot of things in place in the third and fourth quarter. We took some actions in the fourth quarter and we'll utilize a lot of those tools, if you will, as part of the RWA optimization process that we're going to go through.
Terry Dolan: Yes. The -- well, again, the duration of the AFS portfolio right now is about 3.8 years. So, just if you kind of take that into consideration, the burden down will still be fairly reasonable, even without interest rates. And again, we've put some of rising interest rates with respect to AOCI.
Terry Dolan: Business sales. Yes, at least at this particular point in time, obviously, we'll look at a lot of different things in terms of businesses that we may look at to sell. I mean, that portfolio optimization is something we're always doing and we've done that a number of different times over the last several years. So, that obviously will be something we'll look at. But we have a sizable mortgage servicing rights portfolio. We'll take a look at selling portions of that where that makes sense, we'll look at asset securitization like we did in the fourth quarter. There are a whole variety of risk transfer sort of structures that both we put -- we have put into place when we have on the shelf and we're ready to kind of start moving forward on when we can. So, I think it's a whole variety of different things that we will take a look at as well as balancing the mix toward growth in, what I would say, less capital-intensive businesses as opposed to capital-intensive businesses. So it will be a whole combination of things as we move forward, John.
Terry Dolan: Yes. I mean, it could be a number of different things. I mean we talked about TLAC, I mean, just levels of capital. You hear them talking about domestically significantly important banks. So increase in the level of the stress capital buffer is another piece of it. I think another one will be around LCR. And then, in the CCAR process, I think that they'll incorporate, I would say, multiple to kind of go back to what they used to do. They'll have kind of multiple scenarios, but one will be kind of, what I would say, a traditional sort of stress test where unemployment goes up and rates come down. Another one will be more, I think, some form of stagflation, where rates stay relatively high and you experience the credit loss stress. And again, we've run a variety of different scenarios, and I think we feel like we would be able to withstand either one of those, just based upon our risk profile.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Maybe, in terms of the mix. So right after March 8, we actually saw a lot of account customer opening more so on the commercial corporate side, I would say, probably 70% on that side as opposed to on the consumer side of the equation, we saw inflows -- but again, that ended up getting offset by kind of seasonal flows within corporate trust as the rest of the month kind of progressed. The other thing that I would say is that, when I look at deposit net new customer accounts in -- specifically in California and the consumer side, we actually saw a nice increase or pop in March relative to previous months. So I think that we're actually probably seeing some benefits associated with that. And I think that addresses the questions that you had.
Terry Dolan: Yeah. So again, we've been taking a number of different actions in order to dampen the effect. As I said, selling securities were appropriate, shortening the duration, which we did very nicely, I guess, in the first quarter. And then putting in place pay fixed swaps against the long end of the curve. So dampening the effect of a move -- I meant up of rates in both -- for example, in the five and 10-year sort of space. We -- if rates moved up 50 basis points, obviously, AOCI would be impacted to some extent, but we've dampened that quite a bit over the course of the last couple of quarters.
Terry Dolan: Yeah. We've done a lot of different analysis. And I mean, you are right. The competition for deposits is getting stronger. We've taken that into consideration. We're seeing over 5% in some markets. Generally, it is smaller banks where that is occurring, community markets, those sorts of things. And that's because for those entities, that's their primary source of funding. And so that's going to occur. But all of that has been kind of taken into consideration in terms of looking at that 40% deposit beta. If you end up looking at our business, again, in terms of who we end up competing against, et cetera. But while we end up looking at and tracking is, especially on the institutional corporate side of the equation is money market rates and those sorts of things. Right now, that's kind of in the high fours. And our deposit pricing is very competitive with that, which is why it gives us confidence with respect to both flows and the deposit betas that we've articulated.
Terry Dolan: Yes. It's going to depend. I mean, obviously, it depends upon the rate environment. I mean, if the Fed, for example, goes up another 50 or 100 basis points from here, that would put more pressure on deposit betas. But if you end up looking at the market implied or even up a bit, I still feel pretty comfortable with where we're at.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So our expectation is that, again, Andy has talked about the fact that we're preparing for any economic sort of outcome that might exist. I think if you end up looking at the consensus in the marketplace, some form of recession, probably a softer or moderate sort of recession late this year, early next year. And if you look at the market implies, I would kind of tie into that. When we go through our reserving process, we look at multiple scenarios. We wait to the conservative side. We look at five different scenarios. We make assumptions with respect to that. Only 35% of it's weighted towards what I would call the base case and the rest of it is downside. So we feel pretty good about where reserve levels are. Obviously, if we saw economic shock above and beyond kind of what is being expected that might be a little bit different. But we feel pretty good about how we're thinking about it.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Yes. I mean, obviously, we look at both sides of the equation. The burn down on the HTM side simply because of the nature of it is really more tied to how quickly you see payoffs and what the duration of that ends up looking at. I think as we look at the size of the investment portfolio, et cetera, will take into consideration what level of duration we want to have in that -- in the HTM portfolio, but that's going to be more a function of just pay downs and payoffs over time.
Terry Dolan: Yes, I mean our expectation is that 30 basis will continue to normalize throughout the year and into 2024, probably on a similar sort of pace. I think it's 23 basis points in the fourth quarter. So, I think that, that will continue to kind of move up as the year progresses, just part of normalization.
Terry Dolan: Net higher accretion in the net purchase accounting is actually negative given the car deposit intangibles. So it's very strong.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Well, I think we'll wait and see what ends up happening given the uncertainty that's in the economy regarding the last bit of it. But yes, I know we had said that it was the weighted average. At the peak, it was -- peak quarter was about a little over 6%. It's about 5.9% today is kind of what our weighted average case kind of comes up to. So very similar to what we had before.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. And then just broadly speaking like as you think about the rest of the year, I mean, you're obviously taking your best guess on reserves at the current period at your thoughts on.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. Sorry about that. I was just asking about the outlook for the loan loss reserves from here in your base case.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. Great. And then maybe if I could just squeeze in on spending trends throughout 1Q, you guys, through your payments business, obviously see a lot. Just any observations on kind of trends throughout the quarter? And maybe any comments so far in April? Thank you.
