Richard Davis: Thanks Andy. I’m very proud of our 2013 results. We achieved record earnings while we manage through a challenging economic environment and a significant pullback in mortgage banking activities as well as in an environment of regulatory and legislative change and uncertainty. We continue to invest in our businesses throughout 2013, both organically and through acquisitions. For example, we added a small Municipal Bond Trustee business in March, strengthening our position as the number one provider to municipal trustee and agency services in United States. And in November, we announced the acquisition of Quintillion Limited an Ireland-based full service hedge-fund administrator, further expanding our alternative investment servicing network in Europe. And we began the New Year with an announcement of the purchase of the Chicago branch franchise owned by RBS Citizens Financial Group. This investment while nearly double our market share in this great market within our footprint strengthening our position and adding product, services and convenience for new and existing customers as well as value for our shareholders. These acquisitions, combined with our ongoing investments in innovative product enhancements, services and people has enabled us to continue to grow our balance sheet and our fee-based businesses and gain market share. U.S. Bank’s performance metrics continue to be best in class. We are focused on the future, building our company to perform as we have in the past, producing consistent, predictable, repeatable results for the benefit of our customers, our employees, our communities and our shareholders.  That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Bill and I would now be happy to answer questions from our audience.
Richard Davis: Erika, I believe that’s true, and I’ll tell you what. I think it maybe a tale of two halfs of the year. I think 2014 starts well looking a lot like 2013 where people continue to husband cash and kind of a hold-off until they see some of the earlier spring sentiment that comes about and whether or not consumers are going to spend and therefore corporations are going to invest. I will tell you as you know the first trigger in that transaction of people spending is the deposit actually going down and our deposits grow and I’m glad they are for the extent that we’re getting more customers. But to the extent that they use their deposits first, they’ll then use our line of credit second and they will extend more credits later in that cycle. And we’re not seeing as much of that yet as we like to at the early stages. The sentiment however is completely different. The sentiment is stronger than it’s been in all these last January’s people are much more willing to talk about future investments. I think consumers are starting to think about doing things to add to their house or spend more money for improvements and may be some discretionary items they hadn’t before. And so my intuition tells me we're on the verge and advent of an increasing sentiment for consumer spending, but I think we'll see it second half of the year and I think this spring will really tell the tale.  In our companies, in order to offset the expected and predicted reduction in mortgage refinances, we're continuing to spend energy on becoming a market share leader on purchases. And we've also as you know introduced that we're doubling our indirect lending and leasing program over the next few years and even already we're seeing a significant increase in the auto loan volume that we would have otherwise at even over a year ago, up over 30% from fourth quarter of ’12. So, I believe that our ability to offset the mortgage and predicted mortgage change, keep market share positions there and add other consumer products like small business, credit card and indirect. I think we're positioned quite nicely, I just think it’s going to be the second half where you will see the most likely balance sheet impacts that will follow the sentiment we're hearing today.
Richard Davis: Yes, this is Richard. It’s a marketing and sponsorship partnership for our customers on the high wealth category who have many times said that they have both cards in their wallet. They've got the U.S. Bank Flex card but they also have the [Amex] card. We also wanted to recognized this, I am not trying to get into their close loop, so it's not a transaction activity, it’s not a system activity for U.S. Bank, it’s more of a brand. So, you will still have the U.S. Bank branded [Amex] card for our top customers. It will have the ability to have the very high end treatment that an [Amex] customer receives but also be able to do brand U.S. Bank and receive some of the products and services they receive now as our top customers. So, it’s a little bit more than branding but it’s a lot less than anything more sophisticated than you might think as it relates to trying to work with close loop or trying to change tracks if you will.  We'll still a VISA MasterCard originating company but for this very small core customers. We actually think sometimes if you can’t beat them, join them and Amex has a particularly exceptional product, it’s the very highest end for services even in and above the credit card needs of customer. So, I think it was the right thing to do. It’s not going to move the needle a lot but we're satisfied with the early stage announcement and I think our customers are happy with this as well.
Richard Davis: Yes, I am a big supporter of progress in all those protective areas, also as being mature to the clearing house we're working on tokenization and cloud use for some of those protections and encryption. I guess what I would say to you is it’s disappointing that with the retailer fraud that's occurred, it certainly is a burden on the banks because we have most of our customers as well that are affected if they use, in this case, some of those merchants that were affected.  And so we are moving to reproduce all new cards for those customers. We are doing it through methodical process were those who had fraud or we know they had fraud, or where they had fraud, they’re getting card reissues immediately, both credit and debit to the extent that we eventually track every customer who we think could have been affected by that time in period. We are reissuing all of those cards. We are not announcing it as a broad event, we’re just indicating to our customers that as it goes we want to make sure they are protected and that their information is not in the open, say a year from now, when people aren't paying attention. More germane to the issue Betsy, is one of my concerns is chip at EMV is not necessarily the end point, it's just another step in the journey. And as you get to mobile banking, and you look at cloud, and the other encryptions, it will be interesting to see whether or not we have to stop now and go back to chip EMV or if we really want to leap frog that and get to the more, I think provocative outcome which is going to be the necessary standard, not many years from now. And whether the marketplace reacts and how they react to the breaches that have occurred at some of the more recent merchants is going to be yet to be seen.  So banks will be at the ready, you know as the bank merchant partnership; merchants would have to change their terminals and their willingness to spend the money to have chip receiving cards. We have to reissue cards on chip. Every one of our customers who travels overseas has been getting a chip card for years, because it's necessary over in Europe and some places in Canada. But I think that story we told in the next couple of months. Ask me again in April and we'll just see how it's settled but I think there is one [small dot] that says let's spend all of our energy on the more sophisticated endpoint of mobile banking and cloud encryption.  Others might say we haven’t got the time to waste, let's jump to the chip step and we will end up getting to the other point a later. We'll be open to either one, because we're acquirer or an issuer or deep in the conversation. There is other alternative even that I haven’t mentioned. But we'll do this right, whatever the marketplace wants and as banks have proven with merchants together we'll get the right answer because we all want customers supposedly.
Richard Davis: Yes chip has a deadline of 2015, so it would be in the next couple of years. It's more expensive to issue a chip card for sure than a magnetic stripe, but it's not going to break anybody's back. And the receipt is probably more of an issue on the merchant side where it will have to reprogram all of their terminals, now I'm talking small businesses as well as the large merchants, where they would have to change our terminals. And some merchants buy those terminals, so that's a fixed cost you have to change. Many others would lease those terminals which might be a bit easier for that transition. Those are the kind of fundamentals that will come through the economic review of this. But you and I both know there will be a political and maybe a regulatory view of this that might change those outcomes and either force one solution or another based on the concerns from politicians and the protection of citizens or regulators' concerns for our consumer protection.  I think there is a lot of studying to be done because of the simple answer doesn’t just go from one to the other because that’s only one step in a longer journey. But I do think in the next 90 days we'll have a better sense as it's settled and people decide where the risk is.  I'll close with this though, to the extent that other information is not card related, gets taken or the fraudulent operator have new information access to things that are more than card related, we should all be quite concerned, because at the end of the day the banks will bear the burden in most cases. 14 months from now, one of my customers has been a victim of some fraud that's [going to involve] data that was taken from a card situation. And all of a sudden my fraud levels are higher in the second quarter 2015. I probably will never be able to trace it to any one circumstance that will just be a higher environmental risk, if you like having more breakage off the shelves. So we all have to be much smarter and we are spending a lot of time outside of the card area, watching for fraud behaviors and watching and monitoring activities to protect customers.  What that means that is more customers are going to be have to be tolerant when a really good bank has the protection and first and foremost that says I just discovered fraud or potential fraud. I disrupted your environment for a minute because I want to either change your account number or stop the transaction because I feel like you’re going to be a victim if we don’t stop it now. I think the recent episode over the last couple of months might help consumers realize that their precaution really is worth a bit of disruption if it protects them in the long term. So there is some good learning that will come out of this and I think banks and merchants should work together. And you have in the past probably more in the future to protect customers and they can feel we all have their best interest. It could be a while.
Richard Davis: We've said for as long as I actually can remember that we would return 30% to 40% of our earnings in the form of dividends and 30% to 40% in the form of buybacks. 2013, the full year was 71% the quarter was 65%, and so we’re in that low level range. I will also say to you as a leading follow up question is, as it relates to one of those two measures is currently limited by the federal reserve CCAR process at 30% and at this point we’re going to continue to abide by those general rules and follow the guidance that we’ve been given to stay at that perimeter, it’ll be a time I hope that the fed will say certain banks have earned their permission to go back to along the dividends to be what they think is reasonable and supportable. In that case we probably would float above that 30% level but we’re not eager to do it at this stage and we have plenty of room and opportunity on the buyback side and still stay within that range at 60-80%.  We like the 20% left for ourselves because we do be expect to be an acquirer, we expect to take opportunities when something comes along, particularly in trust or payment and I’ll say there’s a great deal of innovation and R&D that we’re spending money on that, much of which will eventually come to bear fruit, some of it will prove that we’ll learn what doesn’t work, but you actually in this environment now, banks that used to be innovators and in this environment you want us to be, you want us to be the leaders of fast followers and work with a lot of other companies and expertise that we might not necessarily have ever had in our legacy. So 60 to 80 is right in the sweet spot, where its 71, and I think right now where we are is a good indicator of where we'll be for 2014.
Richard Davis: Matt it's Richard, just as a reminder you know, the total payment space for us is about a quarter of our revenue, corporate payments is about 20% of that quarter and government is about 20% of that space. So it’s not a big driver but we like it, we’re going to stay with it. I don’t believe that we have the same kind of future trajectory, a negative trajectory that we’ve seen in the last two years of both the sequester and the ending of the work, so for us, we'll be glad we stayed with it, we had it carried across the trends and at the same time mortgages, fees were falling but I think that they both have some stability going into 2014 and I think we’ll be glad we stuck with it, but it’s not as big as it looks, it's more of a headline but if we’re staying with it, because I think it starts to turn the corner in ’14.
Richard Davis: Yes, so, I was trying to say we’ve pretty much all the fixed costs were already there, we are just going to add something nice to make it more visible.
Richard Davis: So you know we do kind of manage the company, the governor is revenue, and when we put our profit plan together late last year, we worked from the bottoms up and we figured out what the revenue growth would be and as I’ve told you before, the plan would be the expenses will be less than that. So I can tell you that our intent is to have positive operating leverage, I won’t take one quarter time because we’re fairly heavy second and third quarter positive and then without government in the fourth quarter we have that's fall off in quarter one and tougher quarter just because of New Year expenses. But we are looking for positive operating leverage first and foremost Ken, in 2014.  Now, the other thing I said the quote for that though is since we’re not expecting revenue growth to be overlay robust, we expect to be at least as good if not more what you’ve seen in the last year or two. We’re going to watch our expenses and we have a good run rate of expenses to start with. We've been part of some regulatory consent order to mortgage which was a fairly expensive task that we’ve now used some of those monies and reallocated to other compliance activities. We are not seeing an undue increase in expenses in order to run the company run safely, but at the same token, but for merit increases and necessary capital expenditures finishing what we’ve started. This will be a year that we've left some of our investments follow through just on fruition and we won’t start a lot of new things, that’s U.S. Bank's way of logging expenses. They don’t cut expenses because we'd never get over our sleeves. We don’t go out and create an environment where we have consultants come in and give us a program and start reducing people, our working force. We typically just watch every single 30-day and make sure we don’t do something that the revenue won’t allow us to. So you have to trust us. We’re going to continue to deliver positive operating leverage because it's how we grow the company, it's how you end up making the success that you can count on predictable. But as each month goes, we’ll adjust as we always do but I think we’re expecting revenue to be strong enough to allow for some expense growth. So we’re going to watch our nickels and dimes until this environment is surely on its feet and there is a recovery well. And we don’t see that quite yet so we’re just going to watch everything we do. I really appreciated the questions early on regarding the non-bottom line impact of the accounting changes we talked about with our -- some of our tax credits because we want you all to know that’s not material, it’s not all impactful to bottom line and it’s more of a landscape they should record it for. We are committed to staying low in 50s and efficiency because we’re going to let revenue growth faster than expenses, so nothing has changed, I guess I am trying to say. But for this little bit of blip, we’re going to continue to deliver for you all but, I'll say as over a year probably not this one, when revenue is going to really take off, for a lot of reasons, and while the expenses were a little higher than they might this year but they are still well below that and the way to you all’s heart is to keep efficiency positive and make sure operating leverage is the way you drive the bottom line and I am feeling pretty good about it.
Richard Davis: This is Richard, I will go first. I will let Andy talk about the financial impact. It’s not significant, first of all, but I am disappointed that the product has gone because it was probably the most popular customer product I think I ever had as a banker. In that it was very transparent, was very clear but it simply just didn’t meet the [cadence] of the regulatory view of total API on a certain calculation and the general sense that people otherwise are being harmed. So of course we moved along and followed the guidance and we’re now ending the product even at this month and we’ll wind it down in the next couple. What's I am more interested in is trying to find a replacement of such products so that we can find something for those consumers that will otherwise stay in the protected banking industry where there is over sight in protections which I support greatly. And we’re working now with the regulators primarily the OCC to see if we can develop some kind of a replacement product. It’s too new to have that so we haven’t got that built into our plan. So as we really expect there will be a second half loss and most of the impact falls to spread income, but I’ll leave Andy to give a little more dimension.
Richard Davis: Every once in a while you get that moment you can actually prove something and so here we were three or four years ago talking about taking our wholesale bank and moving it from regional to national, creating scale, hiring people in New York and Charlotte. And you'll say, well one year we see the benefits, this is a great example [indiscernible] of where that’s starting to show up and coming in more consistent basis. We’ve always been a bank to a large number of large customers, Fortune 100 customers but we always didn’t have all the products and services. The last few years we’ve got a chance to become more important in the syndicated line of credit, we moved up in their view of being a trusted partner and now we get the fee businesses as well more often than we used to and that’s exactly where this kind of benefit shows up years later.
Richard Davis: This is Richard. One thing I hope you guys like about is we’re not that interesting and volatile and it's a great example. We didn’t have anywhere near the same credit issues in the first place. We didn’t have to build the reserves in the first place and we’ve been very steady and methodical and thoughtful all in line with regulator views and accounting views to make sure that we’re not living on and counting on these reserve releases and you shouldn’t either because it’s not sustainable. I think you’ll see a lot more of what we’ve done in the past it's how we get to a point of stability where all of a sudden and we’re all going to start having reserve releases. And in a forward view there should be a day when banks have growing loans, balance sheet is growing and we’re adding to our reserves at a level equal to and higher than the current day because those are for future loan charge-offs. So I think we’re probably closest to most of new basic inflection point but this year we'll have a little bit more but we haven’t relied on it because at this point we’re not counting on it to get through this year or the next one.
Richard Davis: With that Chris over the course of time 1.53 charge-off right, we think over the course of time the long time this bank is a 1% charge-off and with FAS 114 in other areas we want to make sure we stay aligned with that and for investors we think to the extent we can stay within the balance of all the rules and not create these volatilities that were occurred at giving away too much than build it back when we don’t need it. But again the line with rules and regulation, we would love to stay as steady as we can and have the appropriate level. It actually serves another form of capital if you have a good reserve portfolio for loans that could go bad but for reasons we all know, I don’t think any bank is under where there are long term run rate will beneath them we know in the last few years if we didn’t take risks as an industry on loans when we shouldn’t have, but we probably have record low position and we are going to start building that back. So don’t anyone be disappointed when charge-off rates start to move up, provision releases stop and provision build starts, that’s actually a pretty good sign that we're all getting back to doing what we’re supposed to do which is make loans to qualified people and every once in a while one doesn’t get paid back.
Richard Davis: Steve, good question. If we had had our druthers we started from the bottom we would always be top one, two or three in every market in terms of consumer, small business and wealth management. First of all because you're pervasive enough to matter, you are in someone’s life, at where they are near their work, near their home, in between and now on mobile technology; you are pervasive to them, that’s our goal. I am not kind of get out of markets where I am sixth or seventh, that we are still good for the shareholders but I would love to move up in every market to top three.  Chicago is going to take a while, so we’re are going to move up now at seventh or eighth. In terms of branch distribution we might get in the top five and we can find other deals to couple together maybe more grocery partners and things we could get into the top three or four, that’s really what we are headed towards, then the scale matters. Right, so every time I run an ad in the Chicago Tribune and we do something on mobile technology or Chicago land we do a sponsorship of something and partner with the city or some of the suburbs, then all this go so much further and so much deeper and so much better. Employees are more enthused, we get more of a kind of a reputation build. And it’s one of the greatest cities in the country, so it’s also worth investing there for a long-term because it’s pretty loyal market.  So, for us it’s a step towards getting into top most pervasive companies and the two or three really, really big companies that are legacy and we are legacy in a couple of other big markets and legacy always has to worry that they are going to get old and become part of a kind of an old-fashioned paradigm and we are going to try to protect ourselves when we are really big, and when we are not big we are going to be that really vicious competitor that comes up and tries to reset the paradigm and get people to pay attention to our self. This deal was perfect on all accounts, financially it just accrues because its scale and because it allows us to extend in a market that’s going to grow because Chicago will grow.
Richard Davis: I know more -- I think we're considered a disciplined buyer and so the deals you will never know are the ones that came and went because we said there is no way we are going to pay that for that. But every once in a while one comes along where the motivations of the seller and our interest is high, the price is good for both parties including all the shareholders and this is one of those that came together. So, we if those circumstances align again, we'll do more of these deals because we think it’s the right way to take advantage, especially in an unfinished kind of unsettled market where until things are normal again, some people have the need to shed assets, others like us will be interested in acquiring assets where it make senses and kind of jumpstart the organic trip that otherwise happens in normal time. So, if we don’t do another deal, the branches will be fine, but if more come along on these terms we'll take them.
Richard Davis: Yes, so Mike, Erika’s question number one, I think I said it was a tale of two halves and I was confessing that it's solely sentiment from my customers and my bankers that tells me that things are better than they have been. It is not on the balance sheet, it is not evidential at all which is why we do not agree with you that first deposit get used, then lines that are already outstanding get used and then new lines get created and we haven’t seen any of that. So, it is purely sentiment and perhaps it’s a lot of just pent-up long overdue demand to get things move moving.  But sentiment is always the leading indicator, right and so I think as I said before, Spring will tell this story more than most springs and the second half will be what the sentiment yields as will results or it will be nothing more than sentiment and we'll be talking in April and again in July as seen -- well at least we see, at least consistent loan growth of the 6% plus annualized loan growth we've been doing it through the whole recession, the only reason we can’t keep doing it. But at the same time you’ve heard us before we are not going to compete on term, on structure we are going to compete on rate and we can continue to do that and the rates are seeing a little bit at compression. So, we'll be thoughtful about it but, you repeated what I said which is its simply sentiment, I don’t have evidence yet. And when the evidence starts, the best news I'll have for you is the deposits are drawing down, lines are getting used, and people are starting to show an interest and be involved.  I said before too that I do think that perhaps different than almost any other recovery coming from a recession that people will not be -- the consumer that blinks first, it will be the businesses, meaning that the consumer is not going to evidence like it always has a real strong sense that we are now ready, get ready we are going to buy. I think the businesses are going to have to find a way to incentivise that interest, they can incentivise the product at creations or innovation or pricing and start pulling consumers across to start investing. As long as they invest consumers are starting to feel better and the products are more interesting and the pricing is more attractive, I think that’s the magic that will pull this one out, that for the first time I think businesses will drive through this recovery, it really has a lot to do with their behaviours, in and above whatever spend and we are hearing from consumers.
Richard Davis: Yes, I would agree with that. And I would say that -- surprisingly they’re all down a lot very much the same in terms of traditional history, commercial real estate which is the last in, last out in terms of problems and in terms of growth and that’s probably the same in this cycle. But if you get anything from small business to commercial real estate specialty products through community banking, they’re all down, in fact even more, I mean bill our collective utilization for the wholesale credits for this company was at 38% kind of level and we’re at 23% and that’s on well over $100 billion so that’s in its own right is just a huge place built at the right we’re in places we’ve never been, there’s nowhere to go but up but in the next month if we go down again we’ll say one more time. But I like the fact that it’s pent up opportunity, it is even better, it’s one step better than in an unknown line or loan at this stage because these are people paying for it, they’re paying us to have first have a line, they want have the access to it, the fact they keep growing lines over 11% last year such that they are planning to do something and that kind of feeds my sentiment issue, my answer with Mike Mayo, which is actually that number get stronger, not weaker. So we’ve got a lot of canaries in the mine, they’re all chirping but nothing is happening yet. 
Richard Davis: There is no holiday, we got the pay downs on the credit cards, so it's always our [weak company] quarter. But that’s when things pick up in quarters two and three.
Andy Cecere: Yes, thanks, Erika. There are still some questions with regard to the final roles and the interpretation but I'll tell you that we increased the securities portfolio to 80 billion in the fourth quarter and we are expecting to increase it to 85 billion by the end of the first quarter. That will impact margin a few basis points similar what you saw this quarter and that again is our current expectation. We're still working both sides of the balance sheet; the right and left hand side and working through the questions, but right now 85 billion under quarter one.
Andy Cecere: So, Betsy this is Andy. So starting in the fourth quarter we moved the amortization of some guaranteed tax credits, from tax expense to non-interest expense. And then we also moved some third party share of losses, we moved the entire third party share of losses on syndicated cash credits to non-interest expense where the related losses are reported. And then finally in the first quarter of 2014 we're going to move some low income housing cost from expense to tax. So the net of all that is what we talked about on page 10, the impacts you see there which lower our tax rate and increase our expense but you'll see a little bit of a reversal in the first quarter. So, when all said and done, our TEB rate for next year will be about 29% and our expense in the first quarter we expect to be closer to what it was in the third quarter of this year.
Andy Cecere: And Moshe, I would add as we were at 86 in the third quarter, dropping at 88, a good part of that increase was a reduction in the pension debit which as a reduction to capital, the pension debit went down because rates went up. So that's a onetime phenomenon and I would expect this in 2014 sort to be in that 8.5 range for most of the year.
Andy Cecere: You know they’re still one up, one up mostly I mean, we are always interested in deepening our debt where we have a branch network, so we like branches as you know and we are going to be probably a net grower, small but net grower in the next year. It might not be in exactly the same place, we might be in partnerships with universities or grocery stores or things, but we like adding branches and the opportunity to double down like in Chicago is worthwhile. If any of our 25 states currently had an opportunity like that we would be interested. I want you to know, I’m not interested in jumping states or getting a handful of branches in a state where you really have not critical mass or even in an NSA where you can’t build enough distinctions to call out market leadership.  I also don’t see us doing a full bank transaction unless the transaction is still attractive because of the risks I’ve talked about before that align with picking up the problems and the legacy issues that you may not ever be able to know at due diligence and you simply can’t price for. So I think deals like branch related end market transactions and the two deals we highlighted in our earnings call here today, fund services or even European businesses for payments or trust are things you can expect to see more of and we do have a number of toes in the water in those opportunities that none will move the needle but over time, they add up.
Andy Cecere: Right, good question, now so first this quarter you know we -- a lot of the merchant activities were in the same store sales and same store sales were up about 3% domestically and about 4% globally. So Europe actually outdid the US in that regard. We were way down this year by the government side of the equation as we said in the CARR, government spend was down about 17%, 18% year over year. I think that will begin to stabilize next year and I think you should expect the total payments category to get closer to what is our normal long term growth there but not quite to that level till same store sales has to increase a point or two. So the anchor that we saw this year on a corporate payment I think will begin to diminish as we get into ’14.
Andy Cecere: So, the increase that we saw from ’12 to ’13 is going to almost go back to the level it was in ’12 in terms of the pension expense. It went up 140 million or so and it will go down about that same range.
Andy Cecere: Yes, we do -- we had strong improvement in credit in the fourth quarter, and anticipate we’ll have continued improvement in credit in the first quarter. Losses will be up a little bit really not because of the charge-off side but really because of the wholesale recovery side. We’ve had some significant wholesale recoveries in the last few quarters, and it’s unlikely that those will continue.
Andy Cecere: Correct. And as we talked about the fact that our commitment levels are growing more rapidly than our outstandings, which is a good thing in the long-term, and on a 10% annualized basis and that’s a principle driver.
Andy Cecere: Right, so as Richard said, we would expect very little impact in the first half of the year given that our -- are going to continue with our current customers until mid-year. In the second half of the year the product earns approximately $50 million a quarter because through a lot of these are net interest income. And that would be the impact if the product in of itself on the way but as Richard mentioned we’re working on alternatives and we’ll keep you updated on the impacts as we work through those alternatives.
Andy Cecere: Yes, the net interest margin absent the CAA issue that we just talked about and the securities bill is relatively stable. So the principle change will be the securities bill. The securities bill impacts net interest margin the rate has no impact on net interest income at all. It comes down with fairly neutral spreads. So we’ll continue to update you on that. I would expect the build in the first quarter to impact just by about 3 basis points similar to what you saw in the fourth quarter.
Andy Cecere: So it’s across many categories. We had a good quarter in high grade underwriting. We had a good quarter in order of credit activity, FX, just across many categories. I attribute this back to some of the investments we've made over the years in terms of building those capabilities both with people, products and services and technologies. So that is a real positive story for us and I would expect it to continue into 2014.
Andy Cecere: It was minimal. So if you look at the other income line you actually see an improvement but that was more a function of the third quarter having some negatives, the fourth quarter was relatively neutral.
Andy Cecere: Yes. So we have the 753 million with Freddie here in the fourth quarter, and we’re down to a level that -- we're probably still a little bit higher than what we would be over the long term but we’re starting to get to a level that I think is more normal in terms of historic level. So we’re not quite there but it’s going to be a material change on a go forward basis.
Andy Cecere: No, not necessarily a pull forward, it’s just a seasonal impact that we typically see. So if you look at the expense increase from third quarter to fourth quarter, about half of it was the tax related and then about half of it was things like legal and professional and marketing and expense. And if you look at our history Chris you’ll see that the fourth quarter is seasonally higher in those categories and then seasonally comes down in the first quarter.
Andy Cecere: Good question John. All things been equal I would expect to be relatively stable, but the first quarter has two fewer days than the fourth quarter. And that in of itself cost us about $30 million - $35 million.
Andy Cecere: No, I would say the first quarter is sort of a normal quarter in terms of activity. There are some things that are higher like FICO expense, some things that are lower like legal and professional. But overall it's relatively representative.
Andy Cecere: Yes, the first quarter is a seasonally low quarter in terms of fees, particularly in payments business, card and merchant. It's the lowest quarter of the year.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. So, I just wanted to run through the discussion that you had, it was pretty quick on the accounting changes, may be you could help us understand why you chose to take the accounting changes at this quarter and then you have a follow up in first quarter.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Okay, all right. So, this is really [fortune], is really a transitory towards a new normal which is similar to your old normal.
Betsy Graseck - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And then just while we are on card I know that on your website, you are very vocal about the fact that you're tracking fraud and everything else but you’ve also been very vocal as a firm with regard to your taking fraud prevention forward, so I don’t know if you could comment at all on what you're thinking, in a post target world around moving towards tokenization or EMV.
Matt O’Conner - Georgia Bank: As you look at the payments business and the fee is worth about 3% year over year, obviously the government fees was a drag, but looking towards 2014 it should be much less of a drag from here. How should we think about the revenue growth in that combined segment, and I am thinking just the payment fees overall much as the government fees.
Matt O’Conner - Georgia Bank: Okay then just separately, the Chicago branch deal, have you talked about the -- either the potential earnings impact from that or I’m sure there's both some cost savings and some investments that you might be making, how all that nets out.
Matt O’Conner - Georgia Bank: I guess the infrastructure that you have now in the market and you’ve been doing that it’s all scalable, there is not going to be an expense kind of ramp up as you, okay.
Richard Davis:: But there’ll be a little branch consolidation, but for that it’s really an opportunity to be more present in a really big city and what I’m hoping for is that the synergies to the 100 branches we have will be as powerful as the ability to insight kind of new growth of the 100 that we're picking up and it will be just be a little more pervasive across Chicago and it’s a great market for us, we've got great leadership there and we've actually kind of been managing over our sleeves a little bit in terms of our exposure, our marketing and our visibility. And I think we now have a chance to catch up to it and if I can grow more there I’ll continue to do so.
Richard Davis:: I will start with demand. I mean we have seen pretty good demand on the coast and in the southeast as you mentioned, that was our -- the southeast was our fastest growing market in the fourth quarter. And we have heard from our clients that they are seeing more demand for their product whether it’s storage or build to suite, more than just the multifamily that we’ve seen in the past several quarters. So, we are seeing a pickup in demand which is positive and then on the pricing, I think to the extent there has been pricing compression, I think that’s mostly behind us. I think the pricing is fairly stable right now. So, we saw good demand in the fourth quarter and expect to continue next year. 
Richard Davis:: It’s actually an increase in mortgage revenue and it’s a reassessment of reserve levels every quarter and it’s just that what we think is the appropriate level and that’s reflected in mortgage revenue.
Richard Davis:: Okay. So we have, what we call an adjacent state program. So for instance we have our folks in one market managing Michigan and managing Pennsylvania, we have others managing Indiana and managing Georgia. And that’s worked quite well for us. So what we’ve done is we have a local in footprint management team that has people also in adjacent space where we have enough of a reputation, a halo, we have people know who we are. At the middle market level if you don’t have branches you have to be valuable to these folks in a different way because you have to get them up on more than cash management, treasury management, products and some of the servicing it would be more technical and more mobile. That’s how we’re having success there. It’s probably 4% to 5% of our total. It’s not a very big number. It’s not intended to be because I do think it gives certain level as you get to the point where you have branches. On the larger end we can do business in all 50 states because the corporate customers, it’s not even in the first three questions of whether or not you have branches nearby, they’re not looking for that from a -- and so we’re a full on national provider in both corporate and commercial real estate. But as it relates to middle market, it’s probably 4% to 5% impact on our total, and unless and until we were to find a very large branch acquisition in an adjacent space it’s going to stay that way because we are just going to really drill down where people knows us best and have the ability if they want us to use our services on the ground.
Richard Davis:: That’s right. And QM-related you're going to find, Kevin, that we really don’t have any kind of impact at all to our origination.
Andy Cecere:: So, Paul, actually most of our growth is in a product called smart refinance in the high quality branch originated refinance product for our core customers and that is what’s driving and a lot of that is a short, it's not a 30-year product, it’s a shorter product. We are seeing a phenomenon occur just like you’re seeing in the total mortgage business refinancing activity is starting to go down. So that volume will start go down but on the flipside home equity line of credit activity is increasing. So those are the trends I think you’ll start to see into the next few quarters.
Andy Cecere:: While we’re keeping at pretty short about half floaters half fixed and you can think in the term of three and three half years.
Andy Cecere:: I can’t tell you what others are doing. I will tell you ours is pretty straight forward. First of all, while we’re in advanced approach purchase bank the ratio we’re giving you is a standardized approach because that is your binary constraint that is the lower ratio. So it’s a pretty simple equation, it’s basically commitments that are causing the off balance sheet growth. 
Andy Cecere:: We are going to participate in the non-QM market and much of it is very similar to what we do today. So again we do offer today interest only loans to private client type customers. We do offer lower loan to value loans that might not meet the 43% debt to income in the QM. So, on a go forward basis it doesn’t have a material impact on types of loans that we’re going to be putting on in balance sheet.
Andy Cecere:: No, I mean we recognize the risk and we've mitigated it with either higher down payments in general wealthier customers that type of thing. So we believe that we have the offset built into the underwriting.
Bill Parker: Yes and we are active in the jumbo space, we have done all long and it’s pretty much started it towards our private client type customer and many of those are arms.
Bill Parker: A good chunk of it, some of it comes out through the branches in states like California where you have such high home values.
Bill Parker: Yes, I’ll speak for our bank, right. I don’t think so. What we’re down, what we’re left with is really improvement in residential mortgage and home equity. Those are really the only two portfolios where there is still work to be done in terms of the fallout from the recession. So absent that I would say we’re steady as you go for the moment but there is probably not loss of reserve release.
Bill Parker: Right, the first thing is you have to look at the difference and mix so and we do have a fairly large card portfolio relative to the size of our balance sheet relative to our peers. So that’s obviously going to keep parts a little higher. And then again as Richard said we just didn’t go up as much so we’re just not going to go down as much.
Bill Parker: Well, I think, you know in terms of the capital markets activity, I think ’13 was obviously a very good year for refinancing and higher rates may moderate that a little bit, but there is still a lot of acquisition activity and that will clearly generate bond activity. So, we anticipate that we'll benefit from that. 
Bill Parker: Yes, this is Bill. I would say we sort of exceeded the historical lag. So normally by this time in an expansionary period you will be seeing these lines being drawn more than they are today. I mean some of our categories are down 10% in terms of normal utilization levels. So I think we’re still all anticipating when this confidence turns into investment. 
