Andy Cecere: Thanks, George. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. I'll begin on Slide 3. The second quarter was highlighted by our successful conversion of Union Bank and a meaningful increase in our common equity tier one ratio to 9.1%, 60 basis points higher than the first quarter, driven by earnings accretion and balance sheet optimization actions. Earnings per share totaled $0.84 in the second quarter, including $0.28 per share of notable items. Excluding the impact of notable items, earnings per share was $1.12.  Slide 4 provides reported and adjusted income statement results and other key metrics. Our second quarter results were supported by new customer account growth and deepening of relationships across our business lines, as well as continued disciplined expense management. Net interest income was lower compared with the first quarter, primarily due to pressures on deposit pricing. However, momentum and fee income businesses continue strong. One of the strengths of our business model is our diverse and stable funding that includes a mix of both consumer and operational wholesale deposits. This quarter, while our average deposit balances decreased by 2.6% linked-quarter, period end deposits were higher by 3.2% or approximately $522 billion, largely reflective of seasonal operational deposit flows in areas such as our corporate banking and trust businesses. Credit quality metrics remained strong versus pre-pandemic levels, but are normalizing as expected. This quarter, we strengthened our balance sheet by increasing the loan loss reserve, reflective of our prudent approach to credit risk management.  Slide 5 provides key performance metrics. Excluding notable items, our return on average assets was about 1.07%, and our return on tangible common equity was 22.3%. Slide 6 provides a summary of our recently completed conversion of Union Bank. Following our main systems conversion on Memorial Day weekend, all credit cards, trust and investment accounts, were transitioned to our platform in June. Early indications are encouraging, and I'm even more confident today of the strategic and financial merits of this deal. We continue to expect meaningful revenue opportunities, and our cost synergy targets remain intact. One highlight is the Union Bank customers are adopting our digital capabilities more quickly than expected. As of June 30, just one month following conversion, we've had over a half a million enrollments in our digital product offerings, and this number continues to grow. Our teams are working diligently to leverage the value of overlaying all of our products and services to Union Bank customers as we continue to provide - and we'll continue to provide updates on our progress.  I’ll now turn the call over to Terry, who’ll provide more detail on the quarter.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Terry. I'll finish up on Slide 17. The strength and stability of our balance sheet remains a differentiator for our company. As these metrics indicate, we are well capitalized and prepared for a potentially more challenging economic environment, given our strong liquidity, diversified business mix, and consistent and disciplined approach to credit risk management. Building capital remains a top priority as we prepare for Category II designation, and we are confident in our ability to execute on our strategic growth opportunities and key initiatives. Following the successful conversion of Union Bank this quarter, we entered the second half of the year well-positioned as a national banking franchise, with increased scale, broader reach, and meaningful revenue growth opportunities provided by the addition of 1.2 million new consumer and small business customers. Across the business, from consumer to wealth management and commercial to business banking, we see significant opportunities to provide legacy Union Bank customers with a broad set of our products and services and industry-leading digital capabilities.  Additionally, the $900 million of identified cost synergies are still expected to be fully reflected in run rate savings as we head into 2024. Let me close by thanking our employees for all that they do to help provide exceptional service that makes us a destination of choice for our clients and a valued partner to all our stakeholders.  We'll now open up the call for Q&A.
Andy Cecere: So, Ebrahim, I wouldn't say it's a constraint. We're focused on profitable growth. We have a diverse set of business products and services that allow us to grow in a capital efficient way. I mean, I'll give you a couple of examples. The Union Bank customer base, about 80% of the consumer small businesses are single service customers. Their penetration on credit card is about half what ours is across the legacy US bank. So, we have a lot of opportunities to deepen relationships in a very capital efficient way, given the broad product set that we have. So, that is an opportunity that we're very much focused on, looking forward to, and not feeling constrained.
Andy Cecere: From an economic standpoint - Gerard, I'll start. This is Andy. We think there's probably a fairly equal weight probability that we'll either see a soft landing or a mild recession. And if we do get a recession, our models would indicate it would be short and shallow either late this year or early in 2024. You know there's still pricing pressure and the inflation's not solved.  So, we have one more rate hike by the end of the year modeled in. And then - but on the other hand, as Terry mentioned, excess savings has come down significantly, and consumer spending is slowing. So, the Fed is getting its desired outcomes. So, big picture, we think the Fed's close to being done. And as I said, sort of this probability of either shallow and soft or mild recession and or a soft landing is what we've modeled in to get to those assumptions Terry has articulated
Andy Cecere: Yes, Mike, this is Andy. And as Terry mentioned, so we accelerated our RWA actions, got to 9.1 at the end of the second quarter, well ahead of our 9.0 by the end of the year. We expect to be at least 9.5 by the end of the year, if not better. And we have a game plan we're comfortable with and confident enough to get to 9 under the Basel - under the Cat II definition by the end of 2024. So, all those things make us confident in the capital walk that we talked about and the actions we're taking.
Andy Cecere: Mike, the other thing I'd add is, I think one of the benefits of our business model is the diversity of revenue. So, even in a stressed environment on deposits, which you're absolutely right about, we have the payments revenue, the trust revenue, the commercial products revenue, and on top of all that, $900 million of cost synergies that we're going to act on. So, we're pulling lots of levers, not just on margin.
Terry Dolan: Yes, thanks, Scott. I think that we ended up at 9.1% CET1 at the end of the second quarter. Our expectation now through the rest of this year is that we'll be at least at 9.5% by the end of the year, and that's going to be a function of earnings accretion net of distributions, as well as some continued actions from a risk-weighted asset perspective. We had originally articulated about 50 basis points of risk-weighted asset optimization over kind of the two-year time horizon. We felt like we could accelerate that a lot because the vast majority of them were what I would call low to neutral impact on earnings accretion. We still have a number of different levers that we can pull, some of which we’ll be able to execute on this year, some of which is in preparation for 2024, but we feel very confident that we have a game plan in order to be able to get to at least 9.5% by the end of this year, and to be in a position to be able to fully adopt Category II by the end of 2024, if necessary.
Terry Dolan: Yes. And the other thing I would just mention, John, you asked a question regarding our expectation now just kind of looking at the market implied rate environment, is that NIM is probably down a few basis points in the third quarter and then relatively stable through the rest of the year.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So, we're looking at - we're coming - our calculations shows at about 39% in the current beta. And we're indicating mid-40s is where we'll land. And I think it just goes back to some of the things that we talked about earlier where we did have a big flight in of deposits. We think - well, we have loans that have come down given the capital actions. And so, that gives us a little bit more flexibility with pricing. But of course, there'll be pressure as it relates to deposit betas just as we go through it, but all that is kind of baked into our mid-40s guide.
Terry Dolan: Yes, great question Ebrahim. And so, let me maybe unpack it a little bit in terms of the different types of actions that we are likely to take. One, as an example is, we're going to be kind of winding down a cash provisioning of business. So, that'll have very minimal impact from an earnings perspective because it's not that big of a business, but it is a pretty significant user of capital in terms of risk-weighted assets. So, that's one area and one example of how we still think that there is low to neutral sort of opportunity in terms of enhancing or improving the risk-weighted asset position. We'll continue to be focused on reducing our MSR, our mortgage servicing right portfolio over the course of the next several quarters. That's an area that again it has some impact, but it's not significant. And probably more importantly, it allows us to rebalance the size of the mortgage exposure, mortgage portfolio relative to the overall size of the business. We'll continue to look at kind of similarly mortgage loan sales out of the Union Bank portfolio. Again, that reduces our concentration in California and should have minimal sort of impact kind of on a go-forward basis. And then there's just a number of other things, similar sort of structures that we've done. But the other thing that we're working on between now and the end of the year, which will kind of position us well to be able to continue to improve on a risk-weighted asset basis is setting up some securitization programs related to some of our other balance sheet asset positions.
Terry Dolan: Yes. And many of those single service on our balance sheet today, deepening the relationship will be as much focused on fee-based sort of businesses, which are capital efficient, as Andy said.
Terry Dolan: Yes, and of course that's the $100,000 question, is whether or not we actually move into a recession or not. But I think broadly from a macro perspective, some of the things that we're seeing is that some of the excess savings that consumers have held in the past has come down to really pre-pandemic levels at this particular point in time. So, I think that manifests itself in kind of a normalization of consumer spend. So, we are seeing what was very strong consumer spend starting to normalize and soften, if you will. I mean, yesterday was retail sales information that came out a little bit softer than maybe expected. We're seeing some of those same dynamics in the payments business where sales, for example in the merchant side of the equation, slower, softer sort of retail sales, but there's still a fair amount of travel expenditure that's taking place. So, customers are certainly choosing and maybe being a little more choosy as to where they're spending their dollars. Some of the dynamics that we're seeing is while sales have softened maybe a bit, the margins in some of the businesses have actually improved. So, on the credit card side of the equation where sales have come down a little bit, the margins are actually a little stronger. On the corporate payment side of the equation, margins continue to get stronger because T&E spend at the corporate - in the commercial corporate sectors, has continued to be reasonably strong. So, we continue to kind of look out the rest of the year on the merchant acquiring side of the equation of revenue kind of in that high single digits sort of range, on the credit card fee revenue still in that mid-single digits, and on the corporate payment side equation. It'll normalize, but it'll kind of normalize in that high single digits range. That's kind of what we're seeing, what we're kind of forecasting at this particular point in time based upon consumer behavior.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So, if you were to embed the AOCI into the CET1 calculation under Category II, it'd been at 6.9%. And we expect that, based upon all of our capital actions, to get to kind of our target levels by the end of 2024. We have the game plan in order to be able to get there. So, we feel confident about that.
Terry Dolan: Yes, so maybe just kind of unpacking a little bit. We still expect Erika, that the benefit from capital accretion or earnings accretion is going to be somewhere in that 20 to 25 basis points on average. And a couple of different things to kind of keep in mind. While there's a little more pressure on the revenue side of the equation, the things that will start to come into the equation is a lot lower merger and integration charges next year. We’ll be substantially done with that, as well as the fact that by the end of the year, we will really be at kind of full run rate from a cost synergy standpoint.  So, I think that there's a number of things just in terms of why we feel confident that that accretion level starts to accelerate or creep up from where we're at today. And then I think when you end up going through - John talked a little bit about the burndown being at about 25% between now and the end of the year, and that's based upon market implied. But also keep in mind, as we have said is, we have put into place some hedging strategies to protect us from the upside risk that might exist if rates were to move up. So, we feel pretty good about where that is going to come in. And then the rest of it is really tied to risk-weighted asset actions, many of which I ended up talking about. And again, we have a pretty confident game plan with respect to our ability to reduce risk-weighted assets in order to be able to achieve the targets that we need to hit.
Terry Dolan: Yes, it's going to continue to normalize for all the different things we have been talking about and that I think the industry has been talking about. Our expectation is that that 35 creeps up into the kind of mid-40s by maybe the end of the year, early next year. And then it kind of normalizes around 50 basis points once we get into 2024.
Terry Dolan: Yes, absolutely. Gets us to the run rate, John of the full 900 by the end of the quarter. So, when we get into 2024, we will have achieved a full run rate of $900 million of cost synergies,
Terry Dolan: Yes. The duration that we had talked about with respect to the AFS portfolio was 3.8 years and has continued to come down a little bit, not measurably, but down a little bit from there. Our game plan, I guess, is that we're going to continue to work on shortening the duration of the AFS portfolio. Again, it kind of helps us de-risk that, meaning we'll keep more in short term sort of securities, whether it's that or cash, but it'll be kind of a combination.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Well, with respect to the HTM portfolio, that's just kind of going to run down over time or burn down over time. We're not adding to the HTM portfolio at this particular point.
Terry Dolan: Yes, some of it is year-over-year comp and how it'll kind of play out. But the biggest driver, Vivek, in the merchant processing at this particular point is the fact that the travel, airline specifically, is continuing to become a higher portion of the overall mix that we think is starting to stabilize. In other words, most of the - much of that growth has been in the airline space, but we think that that kind of stabilizes. Airline happens to have a lower margin. And so, that's the dynamic that you're seeing.
Terry Dolan: A couple of things I would just add maybe from a portfolio dynamic perspective. We're seeing nice growth in terms of credit card balances. And as credit card balances both increase and it normalizes, you'll start to see that ratio going up because that's a little higher mix for us. And then I think it may be somewhat lumpy, but it's kind of incorporated into it as just continuing to work through commercial real estate office space over the course of the next few years.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Well, certainly, a lot of our actions, for example, with respect to mortgages and that particular business, is just continuing to de-risk, so to speak. So, we're kind of trying to take that into consideration. Our expectation right now, Gerard, is that it's probably going to be fairly neutral to maybe just a little bit of a benefit it based upon everything that we're seeing in terms of the end game, but we really have to wait and see what the final rules say and then apply it to our specific portfolio.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Most of them were completed the end of the - closer to the end of the second quarter, so in the June timeframe.
Terry Dolan: Both. It incorporates our capital actions in terms of what we expect to execute on between now and the end of the year.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Again, the 50 that we were targeting, we knew we had a high level of confidence in terms of being able to achieve it because there were low to kind of neutral impact and they were things that we could kind of execute on the - we definitely believe that as we get into 2024, the standing up, which obviously takes a little longer, standing up of securitization programs and many of the actions that I talked about earlier, gets us to where we need to be from a capital perspective when you take into consideration the burndown, et cetera. So, that opportunity I think is certainly - probably in line with another 50 basis points, would be my guess.
Terry Dolan: Yes, absolutely. We'll continue to see that as we reposition the balance sheet. But again, those impacts are all taken into consideration when we think about the net RWA impacts.
John Stern: Hey, Scott, this is John. So, in terms of the DDA mix, you illustrated that correctly. We moved about $15 billion of deposits over into that Bank Smartly interest checking product. And so, that gets us to about a 20% ratio. We think that that's about where we land here. It'll be plus or minus of course, as we kind of go through the quarters, but we think that we're at a low point here.
John Stern: Sure. This is John again. So, a couple of things I would say maybe just to provide additional context. As you saw in our results, we saw a big increase in our deposits, up 3% on a period ending basis to $522 billion. And then we had with - as Terry mentioned about our capital actions, we had loans drop as a start point of about 2% given the auto and the mortgage sale that we talked about within our comments. And so, as I think about those things, we will have the ability to be a little bit more disciplined and moderate in our deposit pricing as we go forward, given that line of thinking. And in addition, I think that as we bring on new loans, those loans are coming in at wider spreads, although loan growth is a little bit stalled as there's a little bit less demand for that in the near term here. And the mix here of loans should be more favorable as we're bringing on cards and less in mortgage and auto. So, those are kind of the puts and takes to how we came up with the net interest income guidance. And then I think you made a comment about deposits there as well, and I can just touch on that. I think on deposit side, we would - even though we had a large seasonal uplift, as typical in the second quarter from our corporate trust and commercial businesses that bring in deposit balances, as that begins to normalize, we think we're probably in line with the industry, which we anticipate being more of a decline given the quantitative tightening and all the other sorts of things that are headwinds for deposits in the industry.
John Stern: I think the investment portfolio is, AOCI went - declined or the mark declined by about $250 million linked-quarter, but rates went up 50 to 60 basis points upon the points of the curve that that matter to the portfolio. So, it's not totally flat - as we talked about, there's a duration to that book. And so, you would expect a wider mark given the higher level of rates. So, I think with the hedges that we have put in place, that helped mute that. It could have been higher. And we continue to add hedges across that portfolio and picker spots when we see rates fall.
