Andrew Cecere: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. Following our prepared remarks, Terry and I will open the call up to Q&A. I’ll start on Slide 3. In the second quarter, we reported record net income and record earnings per share driven by record revenue and positive operating leverage. Excluding the impact of our student loan sale, loan growth picked up compared with last quarter even as we remain disciplined in our Commercial Real Estate underwriting. On the right side of Slide 3, you can see that credit quality improved in the second quarter and our book value per share increased by 5.8% from a year-ago. During the quarter, we returned 69% of our earnings to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. In the second quarter, the Federal Reserve completed its annual stress tests, and once again the results confirmed our ability to withstand and remain profitable in severely adverse economic conditions. Based on the stress test results, our Board of Directors approved a 23% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.37 per common share beginning in the third quarter as well as a 15% increase in our stock repurchase authorization. Slide 4, highlights our best-in-class performance metrics, including a 19.8% return on tangible common equity. Our efficiency ratio, return on average assets, and return on average common equity all improved sequentially and on a year-over-year basis. Now let me turn the call over to Terry, who will provide more detail on the quarter as well as forward-looking guidance.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks Terry. We are building on a firm foundation and I'll leave you with two goals, our entire management team is focused on as we head into the second half of 2018. Number one, growing revenues while maintaining our credit discipline. We are willing to forego growth in areas where the risk-reward dynamics don't make sense, like certain areas commercial real estate or higher risk leverage lending in the corporate space. Risk management is a core competency, but this is not mean, we will forgo revenue growth. We have a broad enough set of businesses that enable us to efficiently and dynamically allocate capital to areas where we expect the best growth and risk adjusted returns. We are optimistic about our ability to continue to gain share in both retail lending and commercial lending. And as paydown pressure subside and existing pipelines are funded that market share growth will be evident. I feel very good about the outlook for our fee businesses. Momentum is building in retail and corporate payment services, wealth management and trust and investment services, and we expect the third quarter to mark an inflection point in merchant servicing revenue. Cyclical headwinds facing mortgage will abate over time and we are positioning that business to thrive in the purchase mortgage market. Number two, our management team is focused on investing for the future while delivering positive operating leverage. As we discussed previously, we are stepping up our business investment in digital-first capabilities, revenue enhancing initiatives and business automation as we position this company for the future. These investments enable us to stay at the forefront in banking and will drive improving operating leverage over the next several years. However, we are mindful that we need to manage expenses for whatever revenue environment we are operating in and we are in committed to delivering positive operating leverage this year and going forward. In closing, I’m pleased with our second quarter results and I am optimistic as I look out to the remainder of this year and beyond. I want to thank our employees for their hard work and commitment to serving our customers and earning their trust every day. That concludes our formal remarks. Terry, Bill and I will now be happy to answer your questions.
Andrew Cecere: Betsy, this is Andy. And the short answer to your question is no. We're not narrowing the credit box. We’re remaining disciplined as we always have been, and in fact, we have confidence that loan growth will accelerate. Our pipelines are as strong as they've been in a long time. The impacts that we think from a tax reform are starting to dissipate. The consumer spend numbers are high. Corporate payment spend activity is high, payables and T&E. So there's a lot of confidence out there, and I think, actually, loan growth will accelerate.
Andrew Cecere: No, I mean, I think that is kind of a combination of both. I mean if you remember in the first quarter, we were growing at 0.1%. Now we’re at 0.3%. And we're going to continue to see that expand and improve. But it's not going to go hog wild in the third quarter. I mean, we would say that it's going to be moderately growing in the third quarter. So that’s kind of our expectation.
Andrew Cecere: Well, student loan book is no longer in the numbers, actually. The CRE probably will continue to lag because of what we're seeing in the marketplace and that's an area that we're not becoming more disciplined or tightening of credit box, but we have been more disciplined historically, and we’ll continue to maintain that.
Andrew Cecere: Yes, that’s particularly true, Betsy, in the middle market, what just Terry mentioned in his remarks was up 2.2% on a linked-quarter growth. We’re seeing strong activity there.
Andrew Cecere: Yes, I mean what I would say John is that certainly when you end up looking at ending versus average, we started to see strength in the latter half of the second quarter and in all the different factors that we ended up talking about, we also saw paydown starting to dissipate a little bit more in the second half of the second quarter. So I think that that is a good way of looking at the loan growth outlook.
Andrew Cecere: Erika, that’s a great question. And we look at that corporate payments spend, especially on the commercial side as a leading indicator with respect to basically corporate confidence and their willingness to spend on both discretionary items as well as capital expenditures. So the fact is that is growing, gives us more confidence that when we look into the future that they have confidence that business continues to expand and grow and that's part of the calculus as we kind of think about the loan outlook.
Andrew Cecere: We have a full array of card products, including a premium card that we call the Altitude Card. The Altitude Card is principally for core customers already with U.S. Bank, and then the uptake has been tremendous. It's a great card. One of the attributes of that card is the mobile component and it has multiple points and rewards. And so it is really intended to the choice to be first in your mobile or digital wallet and the uptake has been very positive.
Andrew Cecere: Yes. We have a number of initiatives underway, Erika. But the one I'd highlight is really trying to extend beyond our current branch geographic 25-state positioning beyond that where we already have a customer base. So we are a national player in both our mortgage lending as well as our auto lending through our indirect network. And our opportunity is to expand the relationship with those customers. We already have a relationship with the U.S. Bank through mortgage or indirect to include depository and other opportunities in terms of bank products and that's where our focus is.
Andrew Cecere: They certainly could do that. But our focus in terms of [leveraging] growth is against the current customer base because again, they already have a relationship with the U.S. Bank. It's not a full bank relationship. It's typically a single product relationship, typically a mortgage or an auto loan and our opportunities to expand upon that relationship.
Andrew Cecere: So Mike I’m going to start and then ask Terry to add on. I do think we do have confidence in the economy from small business to middle market to large corporate, confidence is up. Activity is up. On the consumer side of the equation, spend is up and activity is up there too. So we do have confidence, pipelines are strong. We talk to our leaders and our lenders and they’re talking to their customers. Things are very positive. Credit is very good as you know. So those are all positive indicators. The yield curve does say something different today and there could be other components to that that’s driving that differential. And Terry – from a positioning standpoint, we're not assuming that there's going to be a steepening in the short-term.
Andrew Cecere: Well, I think that until we actually see the yield curve steepening, I think we're going to be – the way we model and the way we think about forecasting, we're just going to be conservative and take that point of view.
Andrew Cecere: So Mike, I will tell you in Minneapolis and in our core markets, we have not seen movement or lost customer base, either on the wholesale or in the consumer side from some of these new entrants. I’ll start there. Secondly, while you can enter all the states, we're going to focus on a few, and we're going to continue to test, learn, and try different things. Number three, as I think if you go into a market without a customer base and you either compete on price or product you could get negative selection. So that's why we're focused on current customers, who already have a relationship with the bank, who we can expand that relationship with other products and services, because they already have U.S. Bank as part of their wallet, so to speak, part of their relationship. We think that's the way to do it, and again, we're focused on a few markets as we started out and we'll continue to update you on the results as we go forward.
Andrew Cecere: Yes. In the mortgage space, our app volume on a linked-quarter basis was actually up about 8%. And so we continue to, I think feel like we're in a pretty good spot in taking market share. I will tell you that it's very competitive, margins are thin. There's a lot of capacity that’s out there. But we have shifted our focus more toward purchase mortgages. We started that about two years ago, two, three years ago. We also focused on the retail channel. The margins tend to be better in the retail channel. I think what you are seen in the industry is really more on the correspondence side, where the margins have been very thin and people have been kind of pulling back and we're from a pricing standpoint. We're remaining competitive, but just given where margins are. We're being prudent about that as well.
Andrew Cecere: Yes. Government spend is also up, Vivek, as spend year-over-year was up 9.8% in the second quarter of 2018. That compares to relatively flat or even down 1% last year. So that is also strengthening.
Andrew Cecere: The fees on both our substantial are fine. There hasn't been a decline in those. So you can see that the revenue for both have also increased in the same relative vein. So commercial spend volumes were up 11.7% and the revenue was up 12%. The government spend was up 9.8%, and revenue was up 11.8%.
Andrew Cecere: So I think Saul, the easy way to think about it is the higher the revenue growth the wider that wedge between revenue and expense will be. To the extent, the revenue growth is narrow that wedge will be in a more narrow because it's just going to be a function of revenue growth in the long-term.
Andrew Cecere: Yes, I think – this is Andy. I think what we actually – it’s taking longer to fill positions. And so I would say that there's a bit of a tightening labor market and that's impacting our hiring. It’s not substantially increasing pay yet, but I do think that could happen. But right now it's just taking longer to fill positions.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. John, this is Terry Dolan. Thanks for the question. When we end up looking for the third and fourth quarter, I think that we will deliver positive operating leverage, although I think it will still be relatively narrow. We do expect that as we kind of get into 2019 and into 2020 that that wedge of revenue growth versus expenses will start to widen and toward that 2% to 3%, which is a part of our long-term growth expectations, but for the balance of 2018, we would expect it to be fairly narrow.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. With respect to the FDIC charge, we're really expecting that. We're going to have to continue to pay that through the balance of the year. But coming back to expenses, we recognize just like the rest of the industry that we're kind of in a transitional period with respect to tax reform. And I would say that just – as put some challenges with respect to loan growth and as a result revenue growth. And as Andy and I have said, we're always balancing short-term versus long-term and I would say with respect to the second quarter and the balance the year, well we're going to continue to make investments in those long-term digital capabilities and strategic areas of focus. We're going to be very disciplined with respect to looking at discretionary spend and areas where we cut back and so we're definitely going to be managed to the lower end and with respect to our expectations to revenue growth at that point.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. I think that, that is – we're starting from something that’s very narrow, so it's going to take some time in order for us to be able to get there. But I would expect continued improvement in quarters as we go sequentially throughout 2019 Matt.
Terrance Dolan: We’ll continue to make improvements. That’s going to depend on the revenue outlook, which is going to be very dependent upon loan growth and the economy overall. We're going to manage that positive. We’re going to manage to expanding that positive.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So again, for the second quarter, we were flat first quarter at 3.13%, but else being equal, we would have expected that to expand by a couple of basis points during the quarter. But there are a couple of different things that I would just point out. First is in the credit card space and it tends to fluctuate, but if revolve rates were a little lower during the quarter and that ended up impacting NIM relative to kind of what we were expecting. Second is that we sold a student loan portfolio, and that had an effect. And then the third is that we took the opportunity early in the quarter to hedge some of our LIBOR-based long-term debt and fix it, and that had a time zero hit or impact to us, but it should help us a little bit as we think about the future. Those three things really represent 2 basis points and so that hopefully helps kind of frame it. We think about the third quarter and into the fourth quarter, we do expect and believe there's opportunity for NIM expansion. Our securities portfolio continues to be accretive in that 100 basis points to 125 basis points as we’re replacing securities. As loans grow and we have an outlook that loan – our loan outlook is that loans will grow. And with that and the right mix of loans, we would expect to see margin expansion as well. So we do think there's opportunity for that.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. And then I think the other positive thing about that is that, that growth we're seeing really across many markets is fairly broad-based at this particular point in time. And the effect of paydowns was dissipated in that space as well. The other thing I would add is that our community banking markets saw some nice growth in the second quarter. We would expect that to continue in the third.
Terrance Dolan: Yes, on the deposit side again, what I would say is that whether its betas or whether it's just the flow of deposits, it’s very much in line with the way we have been modeling our asset liability sensitivities, so there really hasn't been any unusual expectations. We've always said that corporate or commercial deposits, we will start to see outflows when the economy gets stronger and I think we're seeing that. We're not seeing a lot of rotation, and in fact, we are seeing growth in the consumer side, which is good to see. And then our corporate trust balances, especially in the second quarter because of timing of bond payments and that sort of thing turns to fluctuate a lot. So I guess where I'd leave it is that everything is really on track with respect to our expectations.
Terrance Dolan: Yes, I would say that the gain impact is very insignificant, and if you've seen other student loan portfolio sales, you don't see a significant premium with respect to that. So gain was very small. And from a net interest income standpoint, again kind of coming back to my point around 2 basis points, I mean you can kind of back into that in being about the third of that overall equation.
Terrance Dolan: Well, that that category tends to be pretty lumpy and there's a lot of different things that end up going into in terms of retail product revenue, insurance sales, insurance product sales, everything. So it's not any one particular item in the second quarter that really has caused that to move.
Terrance Dolan: Absolutely. There will be a bump up. There always is because of those seasonality of that particular business and a lot of tax credit projects been completed in the third and fourth quarter, particularly late in the fourth quarter, but yes it absolutely includes everything.
Terrance Dolan: Well, the FDIC surcharge, we expect that it's going to continue through at least the end of the year and as I look into 2019, they say they're going to pull it back, but at this particular point in time, who knows.
Terrance Dolan: And Erika just to give you some numbers, the sales volume growth, spend volume so to speak, this quarter versus year-ago were up 11.7% and a year-ago those numbers were 6.4%, so it's almost doubled in terms of the activity from a corporate spend perspective.
Terrance Dolan: Right. That's exactly right. So when we are looking at our interest rate modeling and are looking at our forecast with respect to revenue growth et cetera, we're continuing to assume that the yield curve remains fairly flat as the short end rises. If you end up looking at the spread between two-year and 10-year treasury, we're kind of expecting that, it's going to stay in that ballpark and not really changing that perspective.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So on the deposit side, as we said in the – some of the remarks, when you end up looking at the commercial corporate world and you look at corporate trust or deposit. We really feel that those are at kind of their terminal betas and so as rates move up, we would move kind of block step with it. But we wouldn't necessarily see an expansion or narrowing to that. The real question is more on the consumer side of the equation. Consumer beta is there kind of in that 15% range and they will typically migrate towards 30%. But the question is over what period of time? We haven't seen a lot of pressure. The pressure is there. It is more on the affluent side, which we've been responsive too. And we price in a lot of different markets and so we keep our ear to the ground so to speak, but it really come down to how quickly consumer deposits move. On the asset side, as we have talked in the past, our – if you end up looking at our balance sheet, we benefit both on the short-end and on the long-end about 50/50. As rates continue to move up, I think that there's opportunity there. The other thing I would say is again coming back to our securities portfolio – will continue to be accretive for several quarters, many quarters. And as the residential mortgage portfolio rotates and some of our longer-term assets rotate, we'll see accretive benefit associated with that as well.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. On the government side Vivek, remember that those contracts tend to be very long-term and so from a pricing perspective, you see the pressure when the contract get renegotiated, but generally during the term they stay pretty consistent.
Terrance Dolan: I wouldn't necessarily attribute it as much to that and I think that what we end up seeing when the economy gets stronger and consumer confidence goes up, you ended tend to see more spend, but balances the revolve rate actually comes down a little bit, simply because people have the capacity to be able to make those payments. Then I think the other thing that we are seeing right now is just with tax reform, there's a little more cash in people's pockets and they're taking that opportunity to reduce the revolving part of their balances. So I think it's probably more so that than anything.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. I would say that currently, it's at 15% and it’s going to continue. The question is over what period of time? I don't know if it'll be in the next rate hike after that. So it's kind of from a timing standpoint. Those betas will move up a little bit to 12, maybe 13 basis points for a 25 basis point movement et cetera, but it's not going to be dramatic anymore I don't think.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. Saul, way I would kind of think about is not only from a revenue standpoint, but as we continue to make investments in digital capabilities, those digital capabilities are going to offer us opportunities to be able to streamline or improve our cost basis or cost structure as well. So I think it’s really kind of a – we have to think about it from both sides of the equation, I think as everything over the next three years or so.
Bill Parker: Not on demand. This is Bill. You can read in the papers, the specific companies that maybe impacted, but we have not seen that in any kind of – even that in the industry level. We really have not seen any impact of the tariffs. So obviously we continue to monitor closely. But if it stays at this level, we don’t really anticipate any impact.
Bill Parker: Yes. So this is Bill. SO on commercial real estate, where we lose balances is in what we call the standing loans or longer term mortgages and that's the area that's gotten aggressive really in terms of terms and rate. Many of that outside the banking community and so that's where we've seen the runoff. The other big portion in CRE is construction lending. We remain very, very active there. We haven't seen – it’s been relatively stable. It hasn’t really seen a runoff. But that's an area that we remain very active, very – add great value to clients. We watch the markets carefully, but for good clients will continue to do the construction lending. And then on a C&I side, that's really more a function – some of the larger M&A deals, but we’ve seen good pipeline growth coming into the end of the quarter and into this quarter. So we anticipate that that paydown activity should subside as we see more M&A transactions closed, in addition to – as was previously mentioned, some of the kind of core growth in our community and middle market books.
Bill Parker: No, I think it’s – I would say it's not that stretched, but it more a function of the length of term and rate that people are offering. Our bank – and specifically we’re not interested in doing a fixed rate 15-year loans. That’s just does not fit well with our models, so – but there are whether it's the securitization market that can accommodate that or insurance companies can accommodate that.
