Andrew Cecere: Thanks, Jen, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. Following our prepared remarks, Terry and I will open the call up to Q&A. I'll begin on Slide 3, which provides financial highlights for the fourth quarter. We reported earnings per share of a $1.10, which includes $0.03 per share of notable items, which Terry will discuss in more detail in a few moments. Excluding these notable items, we reported earnings per share of a $1.07 for the quarter. Loan growth accelerated in the fourth quarter driven by strength across our consumer and commercial loan portfolios. The income improvement was supported by growth in new customer accounts and expanding client relationships. Strong payments revenue growth reflected higher sales volume across the board in retail card, corporate payments, and merchant acquiring. We also saw good business growth in trust and investment management, which offset the impact of unfavorable market conditions. In summary, loan growth and fee revenue trends remain healthy. As expected, we delivered positive operating leverage on a core basis in both the fourth quarter and for the full year 2018. Credit quality was stable, and our book value increased by 6.3% from a year ago. During the quarter, we returned 80% of our earnings to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. Slide 4 provides key performance metrics. We delivered a 20.2% return on tangible common equity in the fourth quarter. We also saw year-over-year improvement in our efficiency ratio, return on average assets, and our return on average common equity. Now, let me turn the call over to Terry who will provide more detail on the quarter as well as forward-looking guidance.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks, Terry. As expected, our financial performance gained momentum in the second half of 2018. Long growth accelerated and our key businesses benefited from new strong sales activity and the expansion of existing customer relationships. The economy is strong and resilient and the credit environment continues to be stable. However, we are mindful and we manage this company for the long-term and we are mindful of the cyclical nature of the banking business. Disciplined credit underwriting is the hallmark of this company and one that has differentiated our credit performance over the entire business cycle. We continue to be very focused on generating high quality credit asset growth. In the fourth quarter, the OCC terminated its 2015 consent order, following several years of significant investment to improve our Anti-Money Laundering and Bank Secrecy Act programs and controls. The exit will give us more flexibility to optimize our existing branch network and to selectively expand into new markets with a digitally led branch-like strategy. While technology and innovation investments, such as digital, data analytics and real-time payment capabilities remains a priority for us, we will continue to manage expenses for whatever revenue environment we are operating in. We expect to deliver positive operating leverage on a core basis in the range of a 100 basis points to a 150 basis points for the full year 2019. In closing, I'm pleased with results we reported this morning, and I'm confident that we will continue to build on the momentum we are seeing across our businesses. I'd like to thank all our employees for their hard work throughout the year and for their commitment to serving our customers with the expertise and integrity they have come to expect from us. That concludes our formal remarks. We'll now open up the call for Q&A.
Andrew Cecere: I agree. And the only thing I would add to what Terry said is the first quarter is seasonally typically a little lower just in terms of activity, but we've seen strength throughout the year. We were at 0.3, 0.9, 1.5 the last three quarters and I think that's reflective of what we're seeing from a pipeline and from an economic standpoint.
Andrew Cecere: You know what I'd add, John, is we're going to continue to invest in all the initiatives we talked about the digital, the payments, the data analytics and so forth, so that'll be a continued investment. At the same time, I think exiting the consent order gives us more flexibility in our physical asset optimization, so I think you're going to see us being more proactive in terms of optimizing our branch network, which will offer us expense opportunities. So those are the big -- two big puts and takes from the perspective of a high level.
Andrew Cecere: Yeah. No, I would say that we saw that on the commercial real estate side. Earlier in the year, there was a lot of competition on what I would say a lot of structures that we just wouldn't do. and I think as we are getting later in the cycle and the yield curve has shifted down, the competition has pulled back from commercial real estate and so the structures that we have seen most recently are things that we feel pretty comfortable about and that's why there was a little bit of a shift. I would say though that when you end up looking at areas like auto lending, mortgage lending, price competition continues to be very, very strong. In fact, we -- in auto lending, you'll notice that growth has slowed there a little bit and that's because we haven't chased yields down. We've been willing to give up some volume in order to maintain profitability. So it's just probably more so on the commercial real estate side than anywhere else.
Andrew Cecere: But it is a function of more of a moderation of the corporate spend as well as the renegotiation. In both cases, we expect continued market share growth, so it's not a market share issue at all, it's a -- in the corporate side, it's more of an environment issue, on the government side it's more the renegotiation and really taking market share. Yeah.
Andrew Cecere: Right. Betsy, one of the most impactful components of the consent order was our inability to open new branches, which also put a little bit in terms of constraints on us in terms of closing branches because we couldn't optimize the structure and the footprint. So if you think about the last few years, we've been closing in the neighborhood of 1% to 2% of our branches. I would expect that to accelerate to really optimize the footprint, think about where we have branches close to each other, given the transaction exodus that's occurring in the branches. While at the same time, looking at selective markets, where we are not in, so that could be either in our footprint in better locations and/or some out of footprint where we have a large customer base, which we would go in with a very digitally focused branch-like strategy. So it just allows us a lot more flexibility and I think that 1% to 2% will -- net closures will become a higher number, which would allow more savings on a go forward basis.
Andrew Cecere: I would expect it to be in line. And as we talked about in previous calls, Betsy, the focus would be to leverage current customers who already have either a home mortgage, an auto loan, a credit card that's US bank in their wallet, but don't have a full banking relationship and trying to leverage those relationships in a more full expansion standpoint with the current similar deposit rates that we're currently offering.
Andrew Cecere: Yeah. There is roughly a two-year transition period and -- but I do expect in 2020 that those expenses will start to come down. And the reason for that is as you go through the conversion process, you will slowly ramp down that business and the transition period is intended to cover that entire time frame.
Andrew Cecere: Sure. This is Andy. As we talked about, there's a few focus areas, the merchant acquiring, one of them is the integrated software providers, another is the e-commerce as well as omni channel and those are areas we continue to both invest in as well as acquire. You saw that we did a couple of transactions in the last 90 days, both focused in those areas. So that is an area of continued focus and one of the reasons we expect our merchant acquiring business to grow in the mid single-digits.
Andrew Cecere: So Saul. This is Andy. Actually the consent order doesn't really change our M&A strategy. I think the types of transactions you've seen us do in the last few quarters and as well as the last few years, we've been consistent with what we've focused on going forward, which are smaller payments, services deals, building capabilities around technology, the integrated software vendors that we talked about and so forth, so that isn't going to change. As I talked about, I think the opportunity that the exit of the consent order provides is physical asset optimization really optimizing our branch structure and that's both optimizing from the perspective of reducing space and/or the footprint as well as investing in certain locations to take advantage of where the market is going. So I think that's where you'll see us being a little bit more active.
Andrew Cecere: And throughout the consent process, we -- as we've talked about, there really hasn't been a transaction that's come across our desk when we look at all things, that we would have wanted to do. As we've talked about in this new environment, which is one where transactions are migrating away from the branch, we have more digital capabilities. The whole math around depository is very different, so I would expect our focus to be, as I said, on payments, transactions, software -- integrated software providers and optimizing the branch pressure.
Andrew Cecere: This quarter's increase to reserve and the $50 million is really a function of loan growth number just [indiscernible].
Andrew Cecere: Well, you take out probably the principal risk that we talked about, the geopolitical risk. That is impactful. The outcome on tariffs impacts certain of our companies, I think that is a function of what decisions will be made, the confidence in those decisions deferring certain investments. Those are all encompassed in geopolitical and tariff component. I think the other factor for us and for many banks is what's happening with rates and the yield curve that's something at a high level that we're very focused on and some of the questions that came up in this call in terms of the balance sheet position and so forth. And then finally, the investments that we're making, the business the banking environment is changing very rapidly. And as we think about what we're doing with our payments businesses, with our branch footprint, with our structure, with our -- the ways we connect with our customers and the way we use data for the benefit of the customer, those are all the things we are focused on.
Terrance Dolan: Yeah. With respect to deposit growth, just kind of breaking it down a little bit, we saw -- we continue to see good deposit growth with respect to our consumer or retail business. In fourth quarter, our wholesale deposits were up on a linked quarter basis, which is good. At this particular point in the cycle, if we do see loan growth the way that we saw it in the fourth quarter, it would outpace probably deposit growth a little bit.
Terrance Dolan: Yeah. I think that it's probably going to be in line with the expense growth that we saw kind of on a full year basis with probably a small amount of improvement from there.
Terrance Dolan: Yeah. So I guess, if you're looking at rate hikes under the yield curve kind of where it is, I would expect that the real driver with respect to deposit mix and pricing as also where that is going to be both competition in the market and that competition is going to be based upon what sort of loan growth we see. So I think you end up having to kind of look at both sides of the balance sheet to kind of figure out what sort of dynamics you're going to have with respect to deposit flows. Once the fed stops moving rates, I think you start to see stabilization with respect to deposit betas, for the most part with the exception of the penny pressure you have from a competitive standpoint to fund loans. And then kind of coming back to your question, if rates start to move down, we typically move deposit rates fairly quickly because the betas associated with things like corporate trust and wholesale are -- tend to be higher.
Terrance Dolan: Yes, Erika. We're going to manage the company reflective and incorporating the revenue environment, so yes.
Terrance Dolan: Yeah. So a couple of different things. I think government spend will change a little bit. In terms of the renegotiation of the contract, we actually captured more market shares on a long term basis. We feel good that our spend is going to grow. But because of the margin compression really over the next several quarters, it will take a while to kind of lap that. That's a big driver. And then the commercial spend in the -- on the business side has been particularly strong this year, certainly double-digits, I want to say close the 12% in the fourth quarter. We would expect to see that kind of moderate in 2019, so there's a couple of different factors that are really driving that as we think about commercial product revenue.
Terrance Dolan: These are customers that know us and like us with respect to those particular products, we're just trying to deepen that relationship on the deposit side using digital capability.
Terrance Dolan: Yeah. Well, again, going within payments, we continue to expect that credit cards is going to do well. We could look into 2019, again sales volumes have been particularly strong and we continue to believe, based upon the consumer spending, consumer confidence that that will hold up. Merchant acquiring is an area that we would continue to expect to accelerate some in 2019. We made some nice investments in integrated software solutions and in kind of the e-commerce sort of areas over the course of the last 18 months and more and more revenue from that kind of starts to come online. So I think within payments, I think that is an area. I think the other thing is that in broad brushes, mortgage banking revenue, which has been a big drag, a big headwind with respect to fee income we really believe in 2019 starts to moderate. For a couple of different reasons is that the vast majority of our business is purchase money as opposed to refinance at this particular point in time. The other thing is that about two years ago, two and a half years ago, we started to shift more toward retail channels as opposed to correspondent mortgage production and margins there had been holding up and we would expect them to be stable or expand. Home sales currently are projected to be positive, so it may not be exactly in the first quarter, but certainly when we look at the second half year, we think that becomes at least neutral, if not a little bit positive. So those would be kind of big takes.
Terrance Dolan: Yeah. From a merchant processing standpoint, again, I think that from a competitive standpoint, there had been a shift over the years really from what I would call financial institution portfolio type of business to really more tech led sort of business growth, relying more on digital and integrated software providers, being focused on industry segments and those sorts of things. And we -- as part of our investment, we've been making that shift as well. And so that's why when we think about next year, we continue to see and expect same-store sales, but also a new business accelerate and grow. And I think that's going to be a big driver, but that's been kind of competitive shift that's been taking place. I think that the positive thing as we shift more to that tech led is that it has higher growth rates and better margins than the kind of the traditional business. As we talked about, Marty, in the past, this is really a business that has moved away from just transaction processing to being able to really provide to merchants information. And that's why that tech led sort of investment and spend and initiative is critically important.
Terrance Dolan: Yeah. I think your question, if I understand it and you kind of focus on that one area, but just what would we think about in terms of duration of assets and shifting maybe our focus from our asset growth perspective and it is kind of when the yield curve flattens, certainly strategies you end up looking at is emphasizing a little longer duration fixed rate sort of assets. So whether that's mortgage or auto or whatever might be the case. And then in the investment portfolio, as we see maturities and as we have the opportunity to invest cash, our expectation is we probably will go a little bit longer in terms of the duration of new purchases. So we are thinking about that.
Terrance Dolan: And so the thing that I would add and things that we talked about. If you think about doing a, let's say a more significant depository sort of transaction, we have so many things that we think are critically important with respect to digital capabilities and kind of that whole transformation over the course of the next few years that if you did a fairly sizable transaction, there's a fair amount of management disruption that takes place as a result of that and -- but honestly we just don't think that should be our priority right now.
Terrance Dolan: So as we've said on the past, when you think about our particular portfolios on the commercial side, typically high investment grade on the consumer side, prime, super prime type of portfolios, our net charge off stay at 1 roughly around 50 basis points, little shy of that. And our outlook when we think about 2019 is credit quality continuing to be very stable and we don't see a significant change with respect to either the rate of net charge offs. From a provision standpoint, the provision will really track loan growth more than anything.
Terrance Dolan: Yeah. Yeah, I would agree. And the other thing, early delinquencies and all those sort of statistics, we're just not seeing any real significant movement or change in that. So pretty stable.
Terrance Dolan: Yeah. I mean, purely from a timing standpoint, I think the entire industry has been in the process of developing and building models over the last couple of years. And we're in pretty good shape with respect to that. 2019 from our standpoint is kind of the final dimensioning of that as well as kind of running parallel with respect to our existing models to make sure that at -- will we go live on January 1, 2020, we're in good shape. If you end up thinking about, Cecil ends up getting impacted by where you're at in the business cycle at the time that you end up adopting this. And as you know, it'll create a little bit more volatility. But based upon current conditions, I think, some of the other estimates that are out there, 20% to 30% sort of impact is kind of a reasonable estimate on day one.
Terrance Dolan: Yeah. I think we'll probably -- I mean, our expectation right now is that midyear will start to be able to provide some ranges, but again the cautionary factor there is that that will be a point in time. And if conditions change between then and the end of the year, we would end up having to adjust.
