Andy Cecere: Thanks Jen. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining our call. Following our prepared remarks, Terry and I will take your questions. I'll begin on Slide 3. In the third quarter, we earned $1.15 per share. Despite a more challenging interest rate environment, we reported record levels of revenue and net income, driven by healthy loan and deposit growth and continued momentum across our key businesses. Credit quality remained stable. Turning to capital management, our book value per share increased 10.6% from a year ago and during the quarter, we returned 80% of our earnings to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. Slide 4 provides key performance metrics. In the third quarter, we delivered a return on average common equity of 15.3% and a return on average assets of 1.57%. Our return on tangible common equity was 19.4%. Positive operating leverage drove improvement in our efficiency ratio on both a linked-quarter and a year-over-year basis. Now, I'll turn the call over to Terry, who will provide more detail on the quarter as well as forward-looking guidance.
Andy Cecere: Thanks Terry. The record results and industry-leading returns that we delivered in the third quarter, despite a more challenging interest rate environment is a testament to our well-balanced business model, our numerous competitive advantages and our risk management discipline. As we head in the final quarter of 2019, we feel good about our loan and deposit trends and our ability to continue to gain market share across our franchise. As indicated on slide 13, we are seeing good digital update trends. As loans are increasingly sourced through our digital channels, we expect better customer experience, higher account and volume growth and improved operational efficiency. Our core fee businesses are performing well. Investments made over the past few years in our payments and mortgage business lines are delivering anticipated results in the form of improving sales and volume growth. Our scale and differentiated service model is helping us win new business and expand existing relationships in our trust and Investment Services business which is driving strong asset under management and fee growth. Importantly, we are deepening relationships across our entire franchise, as we bring the power of one U.S. Bank to each of our business customers and consumers. Credit quality remains stable and we are not seeing any early indicators in our portfolio that causes concern. However, we are mindful that at some point industry will experience a credit downturn and we remain disciplined in terms of our origination quality and our long-term strategy of remaining within our defined credit box -- regardless of the competitive environment. In closing, I'd like to reiterate the message I delivered at a recent Investor Day. We are in a position of strength and will continue to leverage the core competencies and competitive advantage that carry us to where we are today. However, the world is changing rapidly and we are adjusting -- investing for the future, so that we can continue to deliver the industry-leading growth and return to our shareholders that come to expect from us. I'd like to thank our employees for their hard work and commitment they bring to the job every day. We will now open up the call for Q&A.
Andy Cecere: And I’d just reiterate John that the theme that we talked about at Investor Day – talked about at Investor Day continues to hold which is delivering in the short-term while investing for the long-term. So we're going to manage short-term performance, understanding the rate environment on in the economic environment, but deliver on what we talked about in terms of positive operating leverage but at the same time investing for the long-term growth that we're seeking.
Andy Cecere: Yes, so with the rules related to the LCR coming out, you know, all it was essentially kind of reducing it to an 80% to 85% level. And as we’ve talked, it really helps free up our liquidity probably in the range of $11 billion to $15 billion kind of in that ballpark. And, you know, we're still formulating kind of what our game plan is, but – I think that we'll look at kind of remixing the investment portfolio in order to be able to both extend duration and possibly enhance the yield a little bit. We may look at reducing our debt level in the wholesale markets, and I think that – a number of those different actions would be beneficial to the company, and it's going to be basis points, it's not going to be a major change I think in terms of net interest income just based upon kind of where the yield curve is, et cetera, but we're looking at all sorts of things.
Andy Cecere: I mean we end up driving from a competitive standpoint based upon what the pricing is in the marketplace. And I just don't see it impacting that a lot.
Andy Cecere: Mike I'll start and then Terry can add on. So from a sales perspective as we think about the digital initiatives, the revamping of our app and the focus on the digital capabilities it's focused on a couple of areas, one is insights and improving the ability to connect with the customers. But secondly, it's also the ability to improve sales activity and you see some of our loan stats in the deck that we provide as part of the earnings call. Well, I tell you that both loan activity from a sales perspective as well as deposit activity is growing quite rapidly and we will see a continued movement of more sales activity, transactions is already high as you know digitally, but more sales activity to digital channels I think over time, which will allow for our continued opportunities on the expense side of the equation, and if you think about the backroom.
Andy Cecere: We haven't disclosed a number of data centres. But I will tell you Mike, as we continue to migrate activity to the cloud and Jeff -- Jeff Von Gillern spoke a little bit about that at Investor Day, but most of our new activity in development will occur in the cloud which offers number of our advantages both in the capacity as well as cost development.
Andy Cecere: Yeah. And, Erika, if you think -- if you step back and look at the third quarter, our earning asset growth was just under 5%. Our deposit growth year-over-year was just about 6%. So thinking about the balance sheet growing in that mid-single-digit, I think it’s about right.
Andy Cecere: We're consistent with what we talked about Investor Day, Vivek, which is somewhat below 100 basis points, but still positive operating leverage.
Andy Cecere: So I will start it Matt and Terry will add on. So first from a big picture standpoint, three big puts and takes. Number one is we're going to continue to optimize the number of initiatives from an operation standpoint, the way we’re delivering products and services. The way we are operating in the back room and all those things will allow for some saves because that's a positive. Secondly, we are going to continue to invest with the long-term. In the digital initiatives we talked about Investor Day, so that's going to cost bit more, a lot of that’s already in the run rate. If you look at the third quarter specifically though, there were a couple of areas of revenue growth, specifically mortgage and capital markets that have expenses related to missions associated with them and that was one of the reasons for a little higher expense growth.
Andy Cecere: Good question. And like -- we kind of talk a little bit about this in the past, when we think about loan growth and where it comes from and kind of our focus within the company. You already think about it more on an economic basis than we do on the accounting. But I do think there's a lot of accounting noise that occurs within CCEL for a lot of different reasons. One is that every company is going to have their own forecasts with respect to what happens in the economy and all the things that we talked about. So, we really think about it more from an economic standpoint. In terms of loan growth, again just comes back in terms of what we're seeing today and what we see today is that consumer happen to be strong and consumer spend is strong and those things should tend for good growth from a consumer perspective. Even on the business side that while it may moderate, it's still a very solid business. So some of it is driven by macroeconomic, other especially as we kind of think out on a longer-term basis is driven by initiatives. We started ABS lending sort of platform a year ago, but this focus and Andy talked about it, we have merchants and the merchant side of the equation and small businesses and there is a significant opportunity for us to build leverage both. So when you think about loan growth, we also begin to tighten some of our initiatives.
Andy Cecere: Well, Zelle, we’ll start to use those new rails as a component of their mechanism, for sure that’s one. Number two, is I think Zelle has a lot of opportunity for growth in different aspects and there are also used cases, request for payment and other things there in the Zelle side. So you’re going to see changes on the business to business side related to the real-time rails. You’re going to see continued migration and changes and enhancement on the consumer side related to Zelle and at some point, some of those things particularly small business may come together a little bit.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Well, with respect to the second part, I think, that we've now been through parallel run for a couple of different quarters, and the outlook from an economic standpoint is still relatively solid, and so I think we feel comfortable that we have a good range, and it's consistent with what we talked about at Investor Day. And then, obviously, the final rule coming out is helpful. From a timing standpoint, it won't be accelerated. I think it will be bringing that 9.6% down to 9.0% really during the 2019 CCAR cycle, so by the end of the second quarter.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So a lot of different questions there. Certainly, in terms of positive operating leverage, it's a balancing act between certain long-term and we always kind of take that into consideration. 2020, as I said at Investor Day, I think, it is going to be a challenging year, because of where interest rates are today versus where they were a year ago. I mean, the long end of the curve, 10 years, is I think down 150 -- almost 150 basis points from where it was last year. So, the landscape certainly has changed relative to when that guidance came out. When we -- right now, I think our outlook, with respect to positive operating leverage, is to achieve that in 2019 on a quarter basis, and as we kind of think about different initiatives, the certain things that we will take into consideration is the fact that our -- we continue to transform from a digital perspective. Derek talked about kind of a do-it-yourself sort of, a focus, so I think, you know, we're going to end up looking to add a lot of different things that we can do in order to try to manage expenses as prudently as we can. But you know, I think part of it is just what happens with interest rates, I mean, as it’s volatile right now, it's hard to really know and having an outlook that's much beyond a quarter is pretty tough. Coming back to net interest income versus fees that guidance, right, those comments are really focused around what we think between now and three years out where that growth is going to come from, and I think part of that is an assumption that once we get beyond 2020, the interest rate environment starts to normalize and either stabilizes or starts to come up, and so I think that's part of the thought process between where that mix is going to come from.
Terry Dolan: And given our debt rating and our low cost of funds we're already in a pretty good position regarding our loan pricing.
Terry Dolan: Yes, I think it's a three-pronged strategy. One is, continued focus on e-commerce and ISVs which we made good progress in over the last year, we'll continue to focus on it going forward. Secondly is the focus on certain verticals. You may have a couple of airlines, hotels, industry, and healthcare. And thirdly and importantly and probably the biggest opportunity is just combination of banking, products and services together with merchant products and services. The fact is all of our merchants need a bank, many of our small business customers need a merchant provider, and our ability to weave and put those products together in a comprehensive set that helps the customers run their business and give them information I think is the key to our focus and one of the areas I think where we see the most potential.
Terry Dolan: Yes, so the first two would be global across the board, that combination of banking and merchant processing would be principally in the U.S.
Terry Dolan: Yes, so if you think about mortgage banking, I mean obviously, there was a very strong quarter from refinancing. When we end up thinking about the fourth quarter, it's very dependent upon where long-term rates are. With the rates kind of acting or coming up a little bit most recently, it probably will not be as strong. But I think it will still be a good year-over-year story from a mortgage banking perspective. The application volume is a little strong in production. It was strong in the third quarter. We continue to see that momentum. The other thing Ken is we talked about this; we've been over time making good investment in mortgage loan officers on the retail side of the equation, enhancing that. The digital platform that we talked about has a very high percentage of application capture and that just helps -- and it helps because those fee to market and our ability to be able to service those customers and get the loans booked. We went through the last what I would say cycle of refinancing and our processing times were relatively short compared to competitors and certainly what we have experienced in the past and it's all because of those investments.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So, in terms of other revenue, it is a lumpy category. It ends up going up and down depending upon what's happening within the various categories. It includes a lot of different things and equity investment is just one piece of it. But if we end up looking at the overall increase on a year-over-year basis, I would break it down kind of like this about half of it is related to the transitional services revenue and about 25% of it's related to equity investment and then it's kind of combination of a lot of other things that are kind of driving that. So, when we think about it, because I know this question is out there when we think about other revenue, we talked a little bit about this. Over the course of last eight quarters, it has ranged anywhere on a quarterly basis from $160 million to as high as $300 million and when we end up looking at what is a core reasonable level that $200 million range is in that ballpark give or take. It'll be up a little bit some quarters and down a little bit in other quarters. And that's how we think about it.
Terry Dolan: Yeah, it is. That service agreement was really negotiated in order to be able to cover the cost and so the cost level associated with making that transition service agreements is fairly similar to the revenue that we’re generating. And from a timing standpoint that will start to go away as conversions are taking place between now and the end of 2020.
Terry Dolan: Yeah. So, I mean, was it in the back room or even was in the branches is a big part of the decision around closures related to branches and reinvestment in branches as well is really kind of the intersection of our employees, our people to digital and our customers, obviously, the customer behaviors are changing. The amount of transaction activity that's happening in the branch is significantly less than where it was and in fact 80% of it roughly – 70%, 80% of it goes through the digital channel today. So, that gives us the opportunity to really reconfigure the branch network both in terms of size and numbers et cetera. And -- but also to changed the focus from a service oriented type of location to something that's much more either sales and/or advice focus. And so I think, those trends are going to continue, I don't necessarily have specific metrics. On the deposit side, I would say that there are still room and opportunity for the percentage of sales from the deposit perspective to continue to grow. And I think, Derek at Investor Day had said, you know when you think about the opportunity from a digital perspective from sales and -- we would include deposits in this is that, you know that should get us closer to that 40%, 50% overtime. It'll take a while for us to get there because of the customer adoption that has to take place.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Well, maybe, just kind of, again, this kind of ties a little bit to Investor Day and some of the guidance associated with that. The outlook for fee income, in part, will depend upon what happens with rates. I mean, the puts and takes with respect to mortgage banking and so all kind of a function in terms of what happens from a rate perspective. But, I think, we’re confident when we think about the investments that we've been making both in the payment space of business and our corporate trust and some of the digital capabilities, our capital markets business, all of those, we feel like we have a position of strength at this particular point in time and that momentum will continue to carry. I mean, there will be puts and takes. It kind of depends upon what happens in the environment. Consumer spend continues to be strong. We don't see anything in the short-term, but where that ends up turning, I wouldn’t get into 2020, is anybody's game.
Terry Dolan: Yeah, maybe a couple of things. The target that we set are kind of based upon where we think the growth rates are going to be as we get into the second and third-year. I tried to be clear that that's not our expectation with respect to 2020 and it's not necessarily a compounded rate over the three years because of the challenges that will happen in 2020. But when you end up -- when we think about the balance sheet right now. And again, this all kind of depend upon what happens in the economy and that's a little bit hard to predict, but consumers spend and consumer confidence continues to be strong, I think business activity continues to be strong, I think it's moderated somewhat because of tariff policy and that sort of thing or trade policy, but generally, I think the economy is solid. And when we end up thinking about 2020 from a loan growth perspective, we think that some of the trends that we're seeing this year will continue. And as we talked, third quarter loan growth of about 4.7% on a core basis, we think that's achievable. And I think from the U.S. bank's perspective, we have the lowest cost of funds in the industry and we have some competitive advantages from a pricing perspective that will enable us to be able to achieve those type of things. So I feel reasonably confident.
Terry Dolan: Yeah. We did talk a little bit about that, and maybe just to reiterate, we end up looking at the back and when we think about it, we end up looking at that level on a quarterly basis, it's gone anywhere from $160 million to $300 million. And as a function of the lumpiness that exists across a lot of different categories of income within that, including equity investments, et cetera. But if I were to – when we think about kind of that core level on a quarterly basis, $200 million, plus or minus is kind of the where we believe that is a reasonable kind of range. And if you remember in the past I had said, somewhere between $175 million and $225 million, and that's kind of in that ballpark. So, when you end up looking at the year-over-year for the third quarter, but half of that growth is related to the transition servicing agreement that's tied to the ATM business, and so that goes away over time during 2020 tied to when those conversions occur.
Terry Dolan: Together with the expense. And the expense is pretty similar to the increase related to the transitions service agreement from a revenue point of view.
Terry Dolan: Yes. I think I would just kind of maybe add to that because -- we see that in mortgage and we see that in capital markets specifically, but from an optimization standpoint, we talked about this Investor Day -- very focused on how the customer behaviors are changing making sure that we are staying lockstep with that and I think there is both opportunities in front office from a branch perspective and will continue to look at that and as I said, we may accelerate or increase you know some of the activity associated with that, but it's going to be tight what happens from a customer standpoint. And then you know as we continue to move to a digital platform I think there is back-office opportunities in terms of optimization. And then the other thing in this kind of gets back to the digital activities that Andy was talking about, we're making important investments in all of our lines of businesses and we want to and will continue to do that because it's important for us to look both short-term as well long-term so.
Terry Dolan: Yeah. No, that’s right. And -- that 0.8 positive operating leverage on 54 -- efficiency ratio 54 is a lot different than 1% on 62. So, -- it's all of those things, part of it as the starting point.
Terry Dolan: Gerard, I would say it's not any different than we've seen historically. I would say probably the change is occurring to treasury management. You continue to see it going forward is the migration and the use case is really the real-time payments that have been developed and the new products and services as a result of that. So, I think that is going to continue to be a change and as you think about our capabilities in treasury management combined with our corporate payments, I think you're going to continue to see those things coming together and changing with this new rails that have been developed.
Terry Dolan: Yeah, and the other thing Gerard, I would just say is that, I think the challenge or the competitive landscape is going to be one based upon who is able to make the investments in connecting the rail -- real-time rail or Zelle or where we made the case to the customer. And that's where our area of focus has really been around the used case is that creates a value proposition to the customer and that investment is very important, it’s an area of focus for us.
A – Terry Dolan: Yeah. Well, let me kind of talk a little bit about kind of our guidance. And hopefully these will kind of get to some of your points. So our guidance with respect to low-single digits is really kind of looking at the implied market where rates in terms of where they're at in the first couple of weeks of October. And kind of implied in that is an assumption that you know rates are going to decline and our assumption is that, it will be in 25 basis point cut in both October and in December. And I think there is still question as to December occurs. The long end of the curve, we are assuming that it's roughly kind of where it is right now. So, that's kind of the assumptions that we're baking into kind of our perspective regarding margin or net interest income. From a margin perspective, it's down about 11 basis points on a linked-quarter. There's about 4 basis points that's really related to those cash balances supporting the balances. And so, when we think about the fourth quarter, we would expect our net interest margin to decline, but kind of in the range of that core level which is 7 to 8 basis points.
A – Terry Dolan: In the fourth quarter. Yeah, I think, the other thing is that, it's just kind of interesting, if you think about third quarter, third quarter from an average perspective, short-term rates are actually up about 29 basis points, 30 basis points, although the long end was down about 100 -- a little over 100. In the fourth quarter, that would be the first quarter on a year-over-year basis, when the short end is down, kind of in the range of that 40 to 50 basis points and the long end is down 150 basis points. So in the industry, that's why people are looking at. And we would expect fourth quarter to become more challenging as it will go into the quarter end and into 2020.
A – Terry Dolan: Yeah. I mean, I would say that given the fact that, that it's so volatile right now and we don't really know where rates are going take a look out beyond the fourth quarter.
A – Terry Dolan: Gerard, we have a housing capital group that does focus on home builders and we are seeing good growth there -- there West Coast and South principally is where our focus area is, and that -- that business is doing well on growing. Some of the other aspects of Commercial Real Estate and some of the declines you're seeing are really a function of some of the credit components that we're seeing our competitors move to that we're not comfortable with. So yes, some positives, but we have some negatives and we're sticking with our core customers and within the credit box that we participate in.
