Richard Davis: Thanks, Andy. To conclude our formal remarks, I'll turn your attention to Slide 21.  2010 was a year filled with challenges for all of us in the banking industry. The industry faced and has yet to fully absorb unprecedented legislative and regulatory changes; an uncertain and slow-to-recover economy; and the need to regain the public's confidence and trust. Despite this environment, U.S. Bank's performance this quarter and in 2010 was strong. For U.S. Bank, it was a year filled with opportunities; opportunities to acquire new customers, to improve our processes, to expand our franchise and to build upon a reputation as a trusted provider of financial products and services. We are larger and stronger than we were at the beginning of the year and at the beginning of this cycle. We are well prepared to adapt to the changing legislative, regulatory and economic environment. We have a strong foundation in place. We have a proven track record of success. We have launched many new initiatives and made the strategic investments necessary to provide our customers of the highest-quality experience and to maintain our highly engaged employee base. U.S. Bancorp is positioned to win and perform for the benefit of our customers, our employees, our communities and importantly, for our shareholders. That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Bill Parker and I would now be happy to answer questions from the audience.
Richard Davis: I'll add one more thing. We also track the percentage of customers who haven't -- don't use it at all, zero usage. And that's just shy of 50%, which is also a record high as usage of 20% is record low. So there are at least half of our customers that are using our balance sheet as an alternative option without having any use of that line.
Richard Davis: Ed, I'm going to give that to Andy. This is Richard. But let me talk about motivation first. Some of our most important actions as management is to protect the shareholders. And in doing so, we were very careful of the cycle not to introduce more capital than the company needed and to not balloon the balance sheet any more than we needed to. And in both cases, we're trying to be as precise as we can by not overreaching. In capital, I think you'd agree we have a sufficiently strong capital base and a great quarterly growth of capital. On the liquidity side, as we start looking at the capital assessments and the requirements being placed on us, we wanted to respond to what needed to be a higher more liquid balance sheet on balance sheet. And yet, not having done it ahead of time and wishing we had. So you're watching us now move back into a more kind of the median space of banks that have appropriate liquidity at their beckoned call and what Andy and I are doing now is starting to build that up as carefully and slowly over the course of time, and still waiting for more guidance so that we don't overreach and have an excessively large balance sheet like we didn't want to do with capital. So you're seeing that process, and it is a journey and it is going to be a 2011 event. And now, let me give it Andy to answer the specific questions you gave.
Richard Davis: So John, let me add to that. It's Richard. First of all, I said up until the last call that we will be a laggard in taking action, the kind that Andy mentioned, because of our strong position and because we wanted to watch and see what happens to the marketplace. I'm going to update that and tell you we're not going to be a late follower anymore. We're going to be right in the game. And I'll tell you why. The decision by the Fed to respond to the Congress' question that was asked of them for the Durbin amendment at 12 basis points maximum is so sufficiently and absolutely below the cost of doing business, we no longer have the luxury of waiting, not for our shareholders anyway. Just so you know, I think U.S. bank, Elavon, is probably the low-cost provider in that whole space and we can talk about that another time. But for us, it's anywhere from 40 to 50 basis points for those transactions, which includes improving the transaction of the card, embossing the card, sending the card, managing the relationship, paying for their fraud, all of those things, all of which, by the way, were not part of the question that the Congress asked the Fed to answer. So I take a sidebar here. Many of us in the industry are going to be going back, working with the Congress to explain to them what the unintended consequences will be of this decision. But also we're going to go back and ask them to ask a better question. I think the Fed did a great job of asking the question they were asked, but the question was wrong and it was incomplete, and that's why you have this disconnect between getting recaptured at least the cost of doing business. All of that said means that we, as a bank, will no longer lag. We will see sometime in the early or middle part of this year our own actions and making sure that we have fair pricing for checking products, which are part of what debit includes. We'll be working behind the scenes to see if we can get a better answer out of both the Congress and the Fed. And to answer your most important question, the long-term ramifications of branch banking are now in question. We're not closing any branches. We have over 3,000. We are the most likely purveyor of non-traditional branches in the industry now with about 1,000 of those 3,000 in corporate sites, universities, airports and grocery stores. Those are definitely going to make more sense now than they ever did based on their cost of operation. But a more traditional brick-and-mortar branch on the corner of a very expensive parcel of a shopping center that's not being built anymore, those are going to be rethought as we evaluate really what is the breakeven of a branch when it's not just a deposit-gatherer and a loan-maker, but it's also a fee-provider and I think that is the question that the industry should stop and pause to evaluate. And we won't have those answers until later this year when we see both what the competition does and what our consumers are willing to accept as a price to have a checking account, a debit card or some of the ancillary products that go along with it.
Richard Davis: Yes, I don't think, in the scheme of things, there won't be a middle of the pack. It's all going to happen this year. And I don't think a few months doesn't matter. What we'll all learn is what each other is doing, we'll watch our own customers' tolerance. I was actually hoping that we would have a couple of quarters to watch everybody else's actions and learn from them on the other side to see if it was sending business our way or to see what their tolerance was. I no longer want to take that luxury, because I think that's now taking risk. But we'll be right in the game. We won't be behind or below. What you'll see is banks coming up with different ways of characterizing the cost of a checking account, all of which will be slightly different variants, but they will at the end of the day be -- debit card is no longer a free product. There will no longer be rewards to speak of, because it's certainly a loss leader. And debit belongs to checking, so checking will now need to have some level of cost recovery to provide the service that we all have been providing for years. So I think the paradigm will change quickly and it will be this year. And I don't think there will be many behind or ahead because it's just something won't be that long of a window.
Richard Davis: First of all, I just want out the gate. This is me sitting in the pit, being held waiting and waiting, and I want to get back on the track. So we're going to stay below the 30%, not very far, but we leave ourselves room because there's also the cost of the preferred dividends and some other things. So our goal is to be somewhere in that 25% to 30% range and expecting that, that will meet with the favor of the Fed, because we don't want to push any limits or envelopes. There's just no reason to, just let us move forward. And so I think that's more likely what most other companies should do. And we've got no guidance on what would be required to go over 30%. And this management team isn't going to test those limits. Secondly, as 80% was an old phraseology we used that 75% to 80% of our returns would be given back to shareholders in the form of dividends and in buybacks, and that is still accurate. As you know, we won't get there right away because of the limitation that we just spoke of as part and in the buybacks, of course, we'll have some equally limited expectation, I think, as people slowly recover and get back to something normal. But whatever normal is, you can expect us to be back to the same normal of returning 75% to 80% of what we make to the shareholders, leaving the rest to us to reinvest and to grow the company.
Richard Davis: So Matt, that's your first question. I'll stop there. It's across the board, and it's partly because we've added our number of people doing loans, making loans across the board. All parts of our business we've been investing for the last couple of years, and I know that's kind of a hollow promise to all of you when there was nothing to show for it, but it's starting to show up now. From the very top and large corporate, we're invited now to participate in a number of new syndicated deals and/or lead a certain number of deals which we didn't lead before, all the way down to small business and having literally added 50% more Small Business originators in the last year and a half, at a time that's just perfectly positioned for us to go after the strengthening Small Business. I'll also say that the loan growth is coming across more area than it did a few quarters ago. Two quarters ago, I would have told you that corporate customers, large corporate were the strongest. They had already done their good work of restructuring their balance sheet and their earnings based on the recovery of the recessions linked. They had capital markets alternatives, and we saw them first. Last quarter I would have brought in, and I did bring in, middle-market is starting to show some signs of strength. And the fact is that they don't have the Capital Market as often, so banks reaping the benefit of that. Now I'll explain it and say that middle-market, across from large cities to community, as well as Small Business from the SBA to the small-ticket leasing to just traditional C&I small business are all showing equally strengthening capability and making themselves more worthwhile for a bank to make loans too. So it's not just across the types of loans or geography, it's also because we have more people in all of those places receiving stronger customers.
Richard Davis: Right. So Matt, this is Andy. As you know, what drives the mortgage revenue is net application volume, and net application volume is actually down on a linked-quarter basis in the neighborhood of 30%. We would expect that to continue to trend down moderately to the first and second quarter of 2011.
Richard Davis: And seasonality too. This is the time of the year where the originations are slow. But I think you'll see on a relative basis, we'll continue to keep it nice and are growing market position.
Richard Davis: Yes. And Matt, I think that's a 2012 moment in time, even 2011. We peaked in 2010. Just looking at this year, we peaked in our capital investments. We peaked in what will be the cumulative depreciation effect of all of these investments we've made in the last few years. I think you know we have a lot of catch-up to do from everything from just basic technology to customer research and data, to things like mobile banking and things. We've invested in all of those things, they're all coming to fruition this year. And the cost of them will start to be cumulative in 2011, because we're not having those large investments ahead of us that will start to trend back down. So that's actually a fairly big part of our expense delta. And certainly, what's taking us from where we used to be years ago to where we are today. But I also expect, at the same time, this remuneration that we'll figure out on how to offset some of the headwinds of legislative. We're at the worse moment right now as we could be. Everything's been levied against us. We haven't had time or the ability to solve all of that in some other forms of fees and charges. So I think that will also help. And then finally, this year, just so you know, the bank in 2010 performed much better than we thought it would, not just on loan losses, and by loan provision, but overall, we exceeded virtually every performance metric that we had expected in an awfully difficult year. As part of that, the incentive plans for the nearly 20,000 of employees who get paid on an annual basis of the company and their own line of business, those incentives are higher than they've been in the last two years. So there's a meaningful difference in 2010 for incentive compensation for the people who work on the front line for having done a very good job, and much significantly higher than it was in 2009 and even higher than it was in 2008. So if we continue to do well, that will in there, but we'll also have the offsets, like we had this year. If not, then the incentive compensation will come back down, and that will be a muting effect. So we don't mean to be anything less transparent about our expenses than we are on revenue, so I'm glad for the question. But I think Andy said it best, 5% and 6% over the long-term. And you can count us to be in the low-50% efficiency. I promise you it was never a target, but it kind of is now. Because you need to know, we're not headed to 52.5% on our way to 55%. But I also must tell you, we're not headed to 52% back down to 48%. We're probably going to be right around that 50% to low 50s. It seems to be the right place for us to have enough to invest and keep investing in new revenue so we can start being received by you guys as a revenue company with expense controls as opposed to expense company with flat revenue.
Richard Davis: Yes, so opportunity is a good word. Because I've said it before, we won't let an opportunity be missed. If there is a good deal out there at the right price, we will be part of that. And if we get it, we'll be satisfied, and you won't be writing about how we overpaid. That's a fact. On the other hand, if we don't get a deal because we needed to overpay to get it, then I hope you'll appreciate that discipline, because we don't anything as an acquisition to make this company stronger and better because we're on our way to that just doing what we're doing. So having said that, we'll look for opportunities and all spaces, including traditional bank spaces. I think there will be some. We will be in those. We'll be looking at them. We'll price them to be exactly right for ourselves, but we will not get greedy and try to price them if we think we're in a pricing war just to win one, because that would be a mistake that this management team is not going to make. And I'd rather you were disappointed we didn't win something than to be disappointed than we won it at the wrong price. But we won't hesitate to look. It's just not a core strategy. M&A doesn't change our future. It just has to be a deal that makes it stronger than it was without it.
Richard Davis: It's a broader question, Paul. We're not at a point yet where we think that we are so deposit-rich that we cannot afford to go after and grow our loan book. I mean it's quite the opposite. I welcome all of the loan growth we can. I'm expecting it not only because we're doing well, but as to my first question to Betsy, I think when the economy turns and those lines of credit start to get used, we'll be really glad we're core deposit-funded. And we just don't see a scenario where we have a circumstance where we're worried about the balance sheet getting out of balance because deposits are too fast or too strong. That will be, I think, -- the bank with the strongest core deposits going into the recovery will be the strongest bank, period.
Richard Davis: Brian, no. That's an absolutely no. That's not what I meant at all. It might be more of an industry byline. But for us, PPI, pre-provision is going to grow, it has been growing. We're going to expect probably significantly less credit reserve recapture than you guys do. If it happens, it will happen because amass there, not because we're going to try to curry favor with higher numbers. It will just happen because our credit quality just keeps getting better. But PPI, God, we expect that to grow quite a bit this year. Our balance sheet will grow. Our margins may shrink but as Andy said, it's not a function of losing money. So we'll still have the loan growth, the good spreads growing deposit growth of core levels is a great core funding. Our fees are going to be quite strong because we're a lot more than just a retail bank. We've got a lot of payments and a lot of corporate trust, and wholesale new businesses and wholesale bank that are generating fees. So I'm quite involved in it. We are going to -- I want you to think about this as one of the most close to normal operating companies separate to finality of the last of credit quality getting better, of any bank you follow and I think PPI for us will be the way that will determine whether or not we're the real deal. And it has to be this year. It can't be 2012.
Richard Davis: It's the former, because they'll both be slow to start. So the JV in Brazil, as I think we told you, when we did it, won't really start to point money for -- until the second year and beyond. And so that, and it's going to get to a level even in a few years that will be significant to the payments group, but not huge to the bank. It will just be another contributor to our global payments. India, as we have said before, we've got this lock-down commitment to be the partner with the bank, State Bank of India, eventually to be the bank that works with them on the processing side of all merchant acquiring. But India will move slowly, but this will be very, very long and coming. That's probably a 2012 start, with a few years [indiscernible] benefit. So both of those are indications that we intend to continue to expand globally, but neither of those will grow near as much as just the core European, Central America, Mexico and domestic payments that we have today. It would just be nice to have them, but they're not going to affect or move numbers for a couple of years.
Richard Davis: Both revolving loans. A number of guys was in quarter four of last year. Well, 28.8%. So Mike, that's 2.5% on almost $70 billion.
Richard Davis: So it's just a slice of it. The wholesale-only lines of credit only. Not credit card, not consumer, none of that.
Richard Davis: Yes, both. So the best way to think about it is we've got on the corporate side on all of these investments we're making, we are now in a lot of deals we weren't in before. So you're a Fortune 100 company, you want to renew your line, you want three or four banks in the credit. We weren't in it at all two years ago. We're now one of those banks. And those particularly strong companies just have a line of credit for the availability, they typically don't draw on it. They you get the middle market, and we've increased the number of middle-market lenders substantially. We've gone now national more than we did before, where we have availability to customers who have need outside of our footprint. And we're getting those lines of credit, but not necessarily usage. And then finally, if you look at our Community Bank, which is also present in here, we continue to be very strong in those thousand branches where we have community customers who are actually more likely to use their lines than most. But also invited some because the small community banks they've been relying on have been now as some form of a stress, and in fact, have not been lending or they have been reducing their line capabilities. So we're inviting those deals too. So we're kind of a barbell, where we've been invited into the large deals and into the very small deals that we were neither part of in the past. So if it works, then the line of credit is a proxy for eventually an outstanding use of the credit. But we agree that having it outstanding has held use of small value, but it's better than the other direction.
Richard Davis: So loan demand is probably at the national level not growing. But by the fact that we've got more commitments and growth for the lines and our loans at our present year, means we are growing in this shrinking environment. So I think we must be thinking market share, that's kind of my hypothesis theory. But I don't think it would be right to say that loan demand has gone up. But the willingness for customers to want to engage in an open line of credit, and because they're more qualified than they were and because they want to be abundantly cautious, that's a fact.
Richard Davis: Yes, I mean, clearly, that's part of it. We open our Capital Markets. We get to participate in those underwritings now, but that's for the investment grade companies, obviously, a great substitute for bank loans. And I'll comment one thing on the demand. I mean with the pickup in M&A activity that we've seen a little bit more in the latter half of the year, that generates loan demand that's generally funded. So not under a revolver. So there is a little bit of a loan demand that's coming through on the wholesale side on the funded side for M&A activity. Might be part bank, but bank debt, part bonds.
Richard Davis: So nothing new. But I'd like to be deeper in everything we're in. So what you see is what we like. Our last effort by partnering with Nuveen was probably a reflection of the fact we want to keep the bank fairly simple. We don't have an investment bank and we don't now have the asset management at that level. We're not an insurance distributor or an insurance creator. And we don't get into businesses that we don't understand well. But we get better in the ones we're in. So, Chris, I would say that you'll see more and more acquisition opportunity that's non-traditional in corporate trust and in the payments business. And when I say payments, I don't mean just card business. I mean mobile banking and some of the more innovative things that you're starting to read about because I think that will indicate an innovative company and one that can bring things to its customers earlier to market. So you'll see that kind of stuff in traditional banks, but nothing new. There's no space right now that we think we have uncovered. There's nothing we're doing now that we don't want to be doing. I don't think we've ever been more exacting to having the composition of earnings in revenue from the different places than we are right now. So if you like what we see, we're in a good position. We just like to be better at all of it.
Richard Davis: It will be built in the contracts in the beginning as our duties and remuneration for handling the requirements of the trust.
Andrew Cecere: This is Richard. I don't know that we know how to incentivize people to draw in their line except the first and most important step is to get them to line. So I think in the order of things, I'm not surprised that people are either husbanding deposits or getting credit lines for their options that they're going to need as things start to change. And you're seeing some of the larger corporations now moving into more M&A and acquisition space. So I think it makes sense to me that the commitments are moving up. I'm looking forward to the day that the usage will move up. And as you heard us say, it's at record lows now in the wholesale side down to -- actually, just slightly below 26%. But that's the -- I think that in order of things, if we just keep becoming more important to more of our customers and be invited to more of these credit positions that we're now seeing and hold the open-to-buy larger and larger, eventually, based on the needs of our customers, I think we'll benefit from having seen the usage go up. That will just be a bonus when part of it starts to happen. And the fact that we're still growing with -- that going the other direction, I think, reflects the fact we are getting some of the market share growth.
Andrew Cecere: Betsy, this is Andy. I think it's as Bill described. There is signs of a recovery. Companies are preparing for further investment and taking out lines, and having that ready and available is one of those actions for preparedness.
Andrew Cecere: Sure. So Ed, first let me tell you, our liquidity has never been stronger. We have tremendous loan borrowing capacity. And what we're doing is to put some of that loan borrowing capacity on the balance sheet to meet some of the requirements of liquidity coverage ratio. So that's why we're doing this. Further, I will tell you that the assets that we're putting on the balance sheet are partly Ginnie Mae Securities and partly Treasury securities. So they have zero impact to risk-weighted assets. I will also tell you they have zero or very close to zero impact to net interest income. What they will do, however, is lower the margin a bit, and that's what you saw this quarter and you'll see next quarter. We would expect to add a few $3 billion to $5 billion of securities per quarter this year to again meet some of the requirements in the liquidity coverage ratio. But again, I'll highlight no impact to net interest income and no impact to risk-weighted assets.
Andrew Cecere: That's correct. We're putting those on in an interest rate-neutral sense, not increasing nor decreasing our sensible liquidity position.
Andrew Cecere: I'll start, then I'll hand it to Richard. First of all, let me be clear that remember, our Reg E legislative changes and pricing impacts are in the neighborhood of $450 million. And our impact to the Durbin, as currently highlighted, would be about 75% of revenue, so just over $400 million. So out of the combination of both of those, we would expect to recapture approximately half through a combination of a number of action plans, including changes to our checking, account pricing, changes to our merchant pricing, changes to our debit interchange, reduction in rewards, perhaps a fee. We have a number of action items in place that will do that, and we'll be introducing those throughout 2011 to offset some of the impacts we talked about.
Andrew Cecere: David, this is Andy. I would say the great majority of that decline is due to the securities component of what we talked about. While loan spreads are not as strong as they were perhaps six months ago, they are still significantly stronger than they were two years ago. And we're seeing some moderation in those loan spreads and new originations, but not a significant level. So I would say the great majority is due to securities portfolio addition.
Andrew Cecere: We are. Absolutely. What drove application volume down for us, as all of our competitors, was a high rate scenario or a high rate environment in that month of December. So that still is the case.
Andrew Cecere: Right, Matt, you're absolutely right. The fourth quarter seasonally is higher and also has the impact of the tax credit amortization being significantly higher than any other quarter of the year. I would say on a normal run rate basis, our expense growth is more in the neighborhood of 5% to 6%.
Andrew Cecere: You've highlighted a good point, Paul. What happened there was, towards the last few days of December, we closed on our Corporate Trust acquisition and in conjunction with that, we had about $8 billion of deposits come in the house immediately. And what that will do for us is allow us to continue to build out the left-hand side of the balance sheet in terms of both our securities portfolio and our loans, but it's purely timing. So it was a phenomenon of the year end and will be rectified in the first quarter.
Andrew Cecere: Yes, I mean, it is more regionally or really MSA-based now. And for us, the markets we're in, clearly, the most stressed remain the Southwest. So in and out of Las Vegas, both on the investor and residential side. Some of the markets in California, generally the further you are from the coast, living in the high desert or some of the central Valley markets are still very weak.
Andrew Cecere: We do not bear the legal expense. Some of the rulings that you're seeing from the courts, again, we are in those as named only because we are the trustee. As we talked about in the script of the call, we do not hire the lawyers. We do not bear the legal expense. We do not bear the financial risk. We're not responsible for the foreclosure activity. We have a very specific role that we think we fulfill very well. And unfortunately, right now, that is not completely understood. It's complicated, I will give you that. But our role is very limited. And we do not bear the financial risk.
Andrew Cecere: Yes. Our role on the private label is very similar to what I just described. So again, we have a very limited specific role that we fulfill. And to the extent there is expense related to that role, it is either borne by the servicer of the trust itself.
Michael Mayo: I wanted to follow up on the loan growth and loan commitments. So first, what was the wholesale line utilization in the third quarter? You said it was 26% this quarter.
Michael Mayo: So what I'm trying to reconcile as you had the 1.5% linked-quarter wholesale loan growth and then...
Michael Mayo: And then, to what degree are you seeing a substitution to the Capital Markets? You're seeing bond issuance going gangbusters when you don't have this loan demand going up at the bank level.
