Andy Cecere: Thanks, George. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. Following our prepared remarks, Terry and I will take any questions you have. And I will begin on Slide 3. In the third quarter, we reported earnings per share of $1.16, which included $0.02 per share of merger and integration charges related to the planned acquisition of MUFG Union Bank. Excluding these notable items, we reported earnings per share of $1.18 for the quarter. During the third quarter, we achieved record net revenue totaling $6.3 billion. Third quarter results were highlighted by strong revenue growth, well controlled expenses and stable credit quality. This quarter, we added $200 million to our loan loss reserve, reflecting loan growth and are consistent through the cycle underwriting approach to risk management. At September 30, our CET1 capital ratio was 9.7%. Our tangible book value per share totaled $20.73 at September 30, or 3.2% lower than the prior quarter, driven by the impact of rising interest rates on our available-for-sale securities. Slide 4 provides key performance metrics. Excluding notable items, we delivered a return on average assets of 1.24% and a return on average common equity of 16.2%. Our return on tangible common equity was 21.4% on a core basis. Slide 5 highlights continued positive trends in digital engagement as consumer and business customers gain a deeper understanding of our digital capabilities and benefit from our digital plus human approach. Slide 6 shows progress across our digital and payments initiatives that are both deepening our core competencies and expanding our competitive advantage which we believe will drive meaningful profit and return referred penetration to our company. One example of our digital initiatives is our launch of Talech Register, a next-generation all in one payments and business analytics platform that is helping to bring greater simplicity, convenience and efficiencies to the point-of-sale for our business banking customers. On the right side of the slide, you can see the continued momentum we are gaining in real-time payments transactions. Year-to-date through September 30, the total number of transactions are 17x higher than the full year of 2020. Recently, we introduced an innovative real-time payment solution to auto dealers where we provide loan funds instantly after a loan contract is finalized. This gives our participating dealer clients greater control over cash flow and helps to improve their day-to-day operational efficiency. Turning to Slide 7, our business banking initiative continues to gain traction with steady progress both in growing accounts and expanding wallet share. Growth in relationships with both banking and payments products has continued to meaningfully outpace growth in total relationships over the past 12 months. Looking ahead, we expect recently launched in innovative offerings and development to help further deepen our existing relationships between business banking and payments customers. Now let me turn the call over to Terry, who will provide more detail on the quarter.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Terry. The investments we have made and continue to make across our business lines are paying off in terms of improved customer experience, new customer acquisition and deeper relationships. Expense management is a priority and we continue to target positive operating leverage in 2022 and beyond. We look forward to closing on the Union Bank acquisition, pending regulatory approval. This is a unique opportunity at scale in one of our core markets, and we remain confident in the strategic and financial merits of the deal. The credit -- the current credit environment is benign. In fact, our net charge-off ratio in the third quarter remain near historic lows, and we are not seeing any meaningful early stage metrics that causes concern. That being said, we recognize the pressure points are building in several areas of the economy that could lead to stress in the future. Borrowing costs are increasing, inflation is high, savings rates are starting to decline and the stock market is well off its highs. So while the backdrop is favorable today, it would not be surprising to us to see an economic slowdown develop at some point driven by lower confidence levels, which may lead to reduced spending and business investment. There are a number of scenarios that may play out over the next several quarters. We are preparing for a range of possible outcomes by prudently managing credit, liquidity and capital, so that we continue to grow within our -- through the cycle risk management framework and deliver industry leading returns. In summary, our investments are paying off. We remain diligent stewards of capital. Our balance sheet is strong, and our focus is firmly fixed on managing the company for the long-term. I'll close by saying thank you to our employees. Your hard work and focus are doing the right thing for our customers and communities every day, its recognized and appreciated. We'll now open it up to Q&A.
Andy Cecere: Yes, John, this is Andy, and it's interesting. From a credit card spend standpoint, while the categories of spend as we've talked about before have shifted a bit, the level of spend is still fairly strong, about 10% on a year-over-year basis and about 30% above pre-COVID levels. We did get impacted, as Terry noted in his prepared comments, by the FX rate of the pound in our merchant processing and excluding that our revenues would have been up -- just up over 9%. We can -- we -- as well sort of a related topic, we see -- for 2 years, we have seen our consumer deposit levels by account increase. And as we mentioned, last quarter, it's been flat for the second quarter and it's relatively flat, not down modestly here in the third quarter. So we would expect some moderation of spend, but we're not seeing it yet.
Andy Cecere: Yes, our expectation is that we'll continue to manage the balance sheet in a very prudent way, looking for and supporting relationships that are higher profitable sort of relationships. Our expectation is that -- because I think where you're heading is really related to CAT II, our expectation is that the earliest that we would get into that category is the end of 2024. But our ability to manage risk weighted assets and balance sheet levels may extend that to some extent.
Andy Cecere: Yes, that is correct. And if you think about the dynamics, Mike, while the timing has changed and the synergies associated with the $900 million of synergies that we expect to achieve when fully implemented, the timing will be offset to some extent by the accretion of the mark-to-market will be a little bit stronger. So we still feel pretty confident with respect to the accretion levels that we have guided in the past.
Andy Cecere: Yes, I don't think that we're moving off of our estimates that we have provided in the past at this particular point in time, I think we need to get beyond the closing, the approval and then the closing before we would -- I think would significantly change any estimates at this point.
Andy Cecere: Yes, Mike, we're focused on positive operating leverage on a core basis and we'll continue to achieve that. Next year has a fairly large moving prior with Union Bank coming on. So that is going to be our top priority is to make sure we successfully convert and integrate that in this company, which will allow for more positive operating leverage, but that we haven't provided any guidance update on that yet.
Andy Cecere: Yes, great question, Bill. So, today we're currently at about 53% held to maturity versus available for sale. And we moved some securities in early July, when rates dipped, that allowed us to be able to kind of increase that percentage. The other thing that we take into consideration is the fact that with respect to the AFS portfolio, there's also floating rate securities that have very little impact with respect to AOCI. So when you end up combining that together, it's about 60%, that is protected, substantially protected for movements in interest rates. So think about it almost as a 60-40 sort of split in terms of the sensitivity to interest rates. And is there opportunity? I mean, we'll continue to look at whether that makes sense, relative to our balance sheet positioning. But at least right now we feel pretty comfortable with that mix. It gives us the AOCI protection as well as some flexibility with respect to managing the balance sheet. And then the other thing you have to kind of think about is that, we have Union Bank that hopefully we'll be closing on here in the fourth quarter. And that ends up influencing decisions that we make with respect to the positioning of the balance sheet. And excuse me, of the securities portfolio, and then also with respect to deposits, we're going to have a significant amount of deposits coming on and that's going to help us as well.
Andy Cecere: Yes, well, I certainly think that QT is going to put pressure on deposits overall. And as interest rates rise, you'll continue to see a shift out of noninterest bearing toward interest bearing, whether -- when I think that the assumption with respect to pre COVID may make sense, depending upon how much they bring their balance sheet down, et cetera, how much liquidity they leave in the system. With respect to us, it probably -- if I had to make estimates, I would say that it probably stays a little bit better than where it was pre-pandemic in part because we've grown our consumer portfolio, which tends to offset that. And then we've also worked hard to focus within our corporate trust business on retaining those deposits that are more operational in nature. And as because they're more operational in nature, they tend to be more interest bearing -- noninterest bearing as opposed to interest bearing.
Andy Cecere: Yes. Again, I think the broad assumption would be fair, but again, keep in mind that Union Bank is going to be coming on. And they have a significant -- they actually have a higher percentage within their deposit base, its consumer based. And so I think you have to kind of look at the entire mix. And I think we're going to be -- U.S Bank, I think, specifically is probably going to be in a better position than we were pre-pandemic.
Andy Cecere: So, Betsy, the consumer spend levels overall continue to be strong, they were up and credit card spend about 10% on a year-over-year basis, about 30% above pre-COVID levels. The mix of categories has changed a bit consistent with what we've talked about before, a little bit away from hard goods to more services and a little bit away from non-discretionary -- to non-discretionary from discretionary. So that shift in spend that we have been discussing continues, but the overall levels are also still very strong.
Andy Cecere: Yes, Betsy. So I mentioned that we saw increases across all stratas of balances for about 2 years, but the last two quarters have been stable across all the category. So not growing anymore, but not shrinking dramatically as well.
Terry Dolan: Yes, thanks, John. So again, our expectation is a closing up 8.3%. But we do expect that will get to roughly 9% within about four quarters. And a big part of that will be, obviously, earnings growth driven by the accretion of the mark-to-market that will end up impacting earnings during that particular timeframe. So, our expectation and what we have been signaling in the past is that we would start our share buyback program once we get to that 9%. So, about four quarters.
Terry Dolan: Yes, I mean, our expectation is with respect to our payments revenues of high single digits and we think that based upon what we are seeing with respect to consumer spend at this particular point in time is that, is still very realistic. As Andy said, relative to pre-COVID, volumes continue to be very strong. And while there is a bit of a shift with respect to where that spend is occurring, it's still continuing. The other thing is that where -- if and when transaction levels start to tail off, I think the impact of inflation will have an offsetting effect. So we still feel pretty confident about it.
Terry Dolan: Yes, I think it could be a combination of different things. I mean, for example, there is an expectation that they will deliver a certain level of tangible book value and to the extent that they're available for sale portfolio is impacted. Prior to the acquisition, there is kind of a make whole provision within the agreement related to the available for sale securities, so that is part of it. I think some of it could be just what the assumptions are related to the duration of the resi portfolio. And then again, we'll end up looking at and managing in this rate environment the balance sheet as prudently as we can to ensure that we're allocating capital to the appropriate businesses during this timeframe. So it's a combination of a different variety of different things, Erika.
Terry Dolan: Yes, I mean, it's a combination of a whole variety of things. I mean, it's not only the interest rate marks, but it's what is the loan portfolio look like in terms of overall quality relative to kind of what our original estimates were, we think that that is slightly better, the CDI. I mean you have to look at all of the different moving parts in terms of coming up with what we think the final impact of the mark-to-market is going to be.
Terry Dolan: Yes, great question. So, currently, we have about 100 -- roughly $130 billion in money market funds. And that is a business that's very tied to our Institutional Investor Services business. Based upon what we need to do from a funding perspective, we have the ability from a pricing point of view to bring that back on balance sheet, or off balance sheet, but it's pricing decisions that then influence customer behavior. And it is a great source for us from a funding standpoint as there is more pressure in deposits going forward.
Terry Dolan: Yes, we certainly are seeing capacity come down in the industry, I think you'd seen various announcements of bank and non-bank mortgage operations, kind of pulling back or reducing capacity. I think it probably still needs to reset to some extent, what's happening with rising rates and the impact that it might have on both refinancing as well as home sales. But we do see it coming down. Our expectation is that gain on sale margins stabilize and probably for us improve a bit. In the third quarter, our gain on sale was down maybe a little bit more than what we had anticipated. But about half of that, excuse me, about half of that is really driven by the mix between correspondent and retail, and the other half of it, which is really more revenue recognition, some timing issues and some secondary kind of market valuation issues, which we think will reverse a bit.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Certainly with respect to commercial real estate, it's an important business for us, and one that will continue to be very focused. And I think part of it is just dynamics in the marketplace. If you end up looking at large corporate REITs sort of financing, I -- we continue to lend in that particular space, we actually probably saw some growth in the third quarter. But we do know homebuilders are starting to pull back, and even making decisions to maybe pull out of potential projects they were planning on doing. And then in the middle market space, in terms of commercial real estate, it's actually still from a pricing standpoint, pretty competitive. And people extending terms associated with that and that's the space that we're not comfortable with at this particular point in the cycle. So we're seeing a little bit of a pressure maybe in the middle market space, but we're fine with that.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Well, maybe I'll kind of start just by reiterating if we end up looking at the mix of our deposit base, it has changed a little bit relative to maybe what we were 3, 4 years ago, et cetera. Certainly we went through the last rate rising cycle, a little stronger consumer, a little more focus around operational deposits within our Trust business, et cetera. Trust is also on a relative basis represents only about 15% of our deposit base today. And then again, think about Union Bank coming on and you know some of the dynamics that that will bring. But coming back to deposit betas then maybe with that context, we're actually performing probably better than what we might have expected. I think deposit betas were about in the second quarter about 30% coming up from about 20%. We would expect that to be maybe in the high 30s as we get into the fourth quarter. But certainly as rates continue to rise and the Fed continues to be very aggressive, it's going to migrate to higher percentages. Our through the cycle estimate right now it's still kind of mid 30s, though, we kind of think about the entire rate cycle that we're going through.
Terry Dolan: Yes, well, I think that we can continue to grow NII as we get beyond the fourth quarter. What I would say, though, is that probably the pace of growth changes in the industry. And that'll be a function of -- it'll be a function of the deposit betas changing. And the loan growth that, certainly the industry has been experienced, I think is very strong. I don't know whether it'll keep that particular base as we kind of continue to move forward.
Terry Dolan: Yes, well, I think what we have said is that the duration of the portfolio is a little over 5 years. So if you think about -- if you think about that, I think that probably gives you some guide with respect to how AOCI kind of comes into the capital equation.
Terry Dolan: Yes, it's -- again, we'll take a look at all the balance sheet and kind of see where it makes sense. We do expect that we might remix the securities portfolio when it comes on. We may end up increasing HTM as a result of what we bring over et cetera. So it is definitely something we will take a look at.
Terry Dolan: Hey, Ken, I just want to clarify something with respect to deposit betas just to make sure that I've got the percentages right. The deposit betas in the second quarter were about 20%. Deposit betas in the third quarter were just shy of 30%. And we would expect that increase to continue as rates rise and to accelerate a bit -- and again probably in the high 30s when we get into the fourth quarter.
