Richard K. Davis: Thanks, Andy. Turning to Slide 13, you will see the cover of our 2012 Annual Report, "A Rich Heritage" and "A Strong Future." And today, we're in Boise, Idaho, the site of our 2013 Annual Shareholders Meeting. I'm looking forward to presenting our shareholders with a brief look at our past and a view into our future. Idaho, in fact, is part of our company's rich heritage, which began 150 years ago, with the signing of our national bank charter in 1863. The presentation will include the story of how we achieved the size and scale we are today and in particular, what we accomplished in 2012, including record revenue, record earnings and industry-leading performance metrics against the backdrop of a slowly recovering and uncertain environment. Even more important, however, to all of our shareholders is that we have positioned U.S. Bank for a strong future, a future that includes continued investment in our well-diversified mix of businesses, prudent risk management, a focus on operating integrity and compliance, strong capital and liquidity and superior returns for our shareholders. We're looking forward to the future as we move into 2013 with our first quarter now complete, and we remain focused, as always, on producing consistent, predictable, repeatable results for the benefit of our customers, our employees, our communities and our shareholders. That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Bill and I would now be happy to answer any questions from the audience.
Richard K. Davis: Thanks, Erika. Yes, much as I wish it were more positive, I think we just need to be realistic in this environment. And while you'll recall that in quarter 4, we grew our linked quarter loans 1.4%, we then suggested, a month ago, that while we wanted to be in the range of 1% to 1.5% for this most recent quarter, we'd be on the low end, and here we are at 1%. My guidance for next quarter, which is as far as I can see, is somewhere between the 1% and 1.5% again. If we get the seasonal lift that we expect and we normally see in the springtime, then we'll in be the middle of that to the high end of that range. If we see a continued cautious nature by our customers, which we've now seen for the last few months, then it might be on the low end of that range, but it'll be somewhere in between. So what I'm saying is it's not going to be robustly coming back on all cylinders, and that makes sense to us because there continues to be a withholding by both consumers and businesses in this uncertain environment, particularly now, on the heels of both the higher FICA costs and what we all know to be some of the slow but eventual sequester impacts, the higher gasoline costs and the lack of any other catalysts for the business community to jump on the need to take action any earlier now, with the commitment of forward interest rates being low for so long. So longer view, second half of the year, I would hope we start moving into the higher end of the 1% to 2% quarter -- linked quarter range. But for now, let's say, we're going to be pretty set in that same kind of range, bound [ph] 1% to 1.5% linked quarter until we see some catalyst.
Richard K. Davis: Yes, for a couple of reasons, the answer is yes. I'm fairly comfortable that, as you know, we manage more to operating leverage than we do efficiency ratio. And we've promised that, as this year will be a harder year for revenue growth, at least at the conservative manner in which we run the company, likewise, we're going to be conservative on our expense growth. And as long as revenue grows faster than expenses, you know that you have positive operating leverage and your efficiency ratio gets better. So efficiency for us is a result not a goal, but because of that, I can assure you it will stay in the low-50s. I don't see any reason for that to be any different than it has for the last many years. I'll also add, you'll recall that while we are moving through this consent order and have substantially less cost in compliance for that purpose, we do see the cost of compliance and operating integrity going up, but well within the range of the amount that we are now going to be able to redeploy. So even on a linked quarter basis for a company like ours, while I hated all the money we were spending on the consent order, it now serves as a backdrop for us to use for some redeployment for what I know to be higher expenses in compliance and audit going forward. So we have really no reason -- and if loan growth were to stay slow, as you know, because of our kind of 50-50 mix of spread income and fee income, as long as the seasonality continues to happen, along with our trusts and our payments businesses, and some of the non-balance-sheet items, I also have confidence we can stay in the low-50s as an outcome.
Richard K. Davis: I do, and I think we've predicted that a year ago, that we would all fall below our over-the-term rates and it would take years to come back. I mean, it's just the way the math works. The temptation is for certain companies to decide that now is the time to take maybe a higher level of risk because: a, it won't show up for a while; and b, to stretch [ph] for that asset growth is pretty high. And that temptation is present in our company, but it isn't going to happen. So the fact is, is that we're going to continue to be prudent, and we'll take our hits, if you guys don't like the loan growth. But we're not going to put on, structurally, a deficit asset onto our books for the fear of them being a problem in many years forward. We're just not going to do that. So you'll see us be prudent, and we're not going to -- we're not in the leveraged lending business, to speak of, so we're not enjoying that particular run-up right now. We're not going to get into things like enhanced lease residuals or get into some of the noninterest-related activities. But as I always say, we'll continue to fight for our own customers and continue to build some growth in market share by using our pricing advantage, which, you all know, we have a pretty substantial one, which we can give a part of it back to our best customers and new customers. I'll also remind that our commitments grew almost 12% year-over-year, and annualized linked quarter, 7%. And so we're continuing to enjoy bringing a lot of new customers, and they're still sitting at that 25% usage level. But once and when they start using it, we would hope that whoever has the most customers on their balance sheet with open lines of credit will be the one that does the best, and we're counting on being one of those.
Richard K. Davis: Yes, I think we fell through the 70s, and we stay in there. And I thought -- 6 months ago, we fell to the low-80s, so it got better faster and probably more sustainably than we thought, which is why you saw some of our actions. But just because of our large credit card portfolio and the mix of business, it shouldn't get much lower than that or we're -- then, we really left too much on the table. Bill, do you want to..
Richard K. Davis: And Paul, we're sticking with mortgage. We like it, and we do it well. We think, as I said before, that there will be a purchase money future out there, and we want to have that same market share position, if not greater, with purchase money. So we continue to prioritize our new customers and make sure that their servicing and their -- our performance on their onboarding is exceptional so that they'll be pleased. A refi is also important, but it doesn't have the same time parameters attached to it because you don't have another party involved. And we're going to continue to grow this business and do what we can to improve the mix of where the originations come from, more retail, if we can. But at the same time, we have a very good variability on our expense control, so if things were to continue to fall and be less than we expect, we can adjust to that very quickly, probably within 30 to 60 days, based on the way we staff and the way we've set up our occupancy costs [ph] . So we're able to flex with it, but we like it and we're going to plan on it continue to be strong.
Richard K. Davis: Ken, you make a great point. As I've often said, it's a canary in the mine. The first good news for all this industry is the deposits in total moved down because people are using them, then they'll use the lines of credits that they have open to buy and they're paying for and then, eventually, they'll get more loans. This is not that. This is not that first mover, where we're seeing total deposits moving down as a result of customers using it for other things, particularly for growth. They're really withholding. They continue to be cautious, and they're just building up the balance sheet. No matter where they placed it, they're just kind of moving it about to seek a little higher yield.
Richard K. Davis: Yes, that's a great question. And it has a lot of answers, but mine would be that it is particularly the lack of a catalyst, perhaps more than it is the uncertainty. Even I'm tired of talking about uncertainty without a very good definition. We could tie it, last year, to fiscal cliff. We could tie it, last quarter, to the pending sequester. We can try to say it's going to be the national debt. It's probably not any of those anymore. There's no reason to take a bite right now at the apple and invest in something that will cost you more, with the uncertainty of not knowing whether or not there's going to be a customer base for you. So what I would say to you, Ken, is you've got the interest rates being decidedly low for a long time, so there's no catalyst for a company to rush to make a decision because rates are eventually going to move up. They probably should be thinking that way, but based on the calculus and what the Fed has done by tying it to unemployment, everyone can see that it's not imminent. So absent that and absent a good deal, where you see the M&A market still has some life to it, most companies are going to continue to just do what they do well, stick to their knitting, be very cautious and be proud of the fact that they're still being profitable. And they're going to wait for a catalyst, which, I think, will be interest rates eventually starting to move up and people taking advantage of that and/or the consumer getting much stronger, starting to seek more purchase, consumer products and services and then the companies starting to meet that demand. None of that's present today. It's not horrible. It's slow recovery, it's torturously slow, but there's no catalyst to jump on something earlier than you need to.
Richard K. Davis: This is Richard. Small business for sure. Five years ago, we started a trip to become a really high-quality small business originator, and we won -- we did it through our branch managers. And you're welcome to call any of them, all 3,100 of them. It's -- their job is to be a community leader and know that whole neighborhood like it was a small little town, and part of that goes along with being the bank for the small business owners in and around that location. So we've been taking market share. That continues to be one of our strongest growth both in what you'd call traditional small business, as well as SBA lending. We're the second largest SBA lender at national level at this point as well. So we see a lot of value in being good at that, and it is a real execution game. It's not so much just pricing and product, it's knowing your customer and giving them what they need. The other thing that I would say that we're continuing to focus on in terms of market share grab would be second -- first-position second mortgages. We've been very, very successful at that. It's -- for a lot of people, it's a way to get into the equity without having to go through the typical steps you would have to go for a first-position traditional mortgage. They're very high-quality customers. They like the product. They like the access, and particularly, they don't want to do another credit card. They still feel comfortable using the equity in their home, and those have been 2 really growth businesses for us. Bill, did I miss...
Richard K. Davis: Yes, 4 years ago, 4 years ago, Keith, we didn't really even have that, and now we're leading transactions. And what comes with that too, Bill, is the fee business, which is part of the quid pro quo. So yes, that would be another good place. So we feel we've got a lot of room and space for market share growth in places we're still getting better at. But I think we also have the advantage of being ahead some of the curves on that, and we're going to play it out.
Richard K. Davis: And Keith I'll add, one of our hidden benefits, and it is hidden because it's still growing, is this international growth in our merchant acquiring. You've heard that we closed a deal with Santander last week. We've got this continuing growth in this early stage kind of nascent partnership with Citi down in Brazil. I was in Mexico City just a couple of weeks ago, where we have 400 employees, and we've been working on partnerships with some of the largest merchants in Mexico. And so these are businesses that are fairly young, a few years old, but they're the kind that have the great growth curve. So they're moving from red to pink to gray to black in terms of bottom line, and they've got great trajectories of growth. And that's probably something you'll hear about in future quarters, which isn't present in today's run rate.
Richard K. Davis: Great. This is Richard. I was going to say payments can now mask as either cards or mobile banking, right? So we'll take those separately. On the traditional payment space, we, too, have relationships with partners that we just are working on. And we don't necessarily announce them, so you can read between those lines. By the way, it's not exclusive, what you mentioned with the other banks. So we are in R&D mode in a significant way with all types of ways to use our acquiring partnership with merchants, and in some cases, directly to consumer, a la Square and some of those things that you've read about. So we're not left out of anything. Nothing has come across our desk that we wish we had been a part of, and we're just more likely to announce it once it's been tested and out, as opposed to the fact that we're going to test it. So just trust us, we have a different cycle in which we announce that. As it relates to international, once we get this beachhead down in Brazil, there's a lot of good growth in South America and, as our reputation builds, like I believe it will, as a partner with Citi, where they have a great deal of relationship, we'd expect to see us moving through South America rather like we did moving from west to east across best -- Pan-Europe and then, eventually further along, perhaps down into the Pacific Rim. We're more careful in Asia Pacific because we're not exactly sure of the politics in some of those environments. But like anywhere else, our entire story has always been built on the partnership of another bank that's local to that market, and we work with them to become their preferred merchant provider. It's usually a rent-to-own kind of a relationship, and we bring our international platform, that we've built years ago, and bring it to any country and flip it on and we start doing business. So there's really very few parts of the world, I would tell you, we're not interested in, but we're going to be careful because of the politics that go along with doing business in countries that we may not have the experience, and the partner is going to be more important probably than the country itself. And then as it relates to just mobile payments, we're spending an inordinate amount of time and energy on that as well, both keeping ourselves open for all channel options and for all partner options, which, in many cases, are mobile providers and some of the less-known brands that are being built in garages across the country. So we're spending an inordinate amount of time on that. And you'll see some of our M&A will very likely be the continuation of traditional merchant acquiring, but I will bet you're going to see some purchases of some less-known capabilities and technologies as it relates to the channel of moving money in nontraditional ways, particularly through mobile. So more of that will come, but you'll hear about it, in our case, after it's working, not the announcement of the idea.
Richard K. Davis: Excellent point. So we will -- as a correspondent bank is to smaller banks, we've been that in the merchant acquiring space forever, where many of these regional banks, smaller banks use us to be their merchant acquirer under private label. We will do exactly the same thing with mobile technology. We'll build it, we'll brand it, we'll white-label it, we'll sell it to them and they can have the benefit. We'll also get the markup.
Richard K. Davis: Chris, those are all good questions, and we consider them all the time, too. First of all, let's talk about auto loans. Auto loans are probably the squeeze play between the lack of equity in homes and the lack of people's willingness to extend their unsecured credit card any further. So it used to be home equity would mask a great deal of the auto purchasing, and even credit cards would end up allowing people to feel more comfortable that they had other alternatives to pull on. People are paying down their credit card more than they're using it, and people's equity, while probably starting to warm up, hasn't been that good that long for them to be comfortable. So it makes sense to me that autos are probably the single and exclusive space of strength in the consumer side. That's how I've put it into my head at least. But as it relates to kind of the next steps, you've got the consumer is -- like a small business, like a large corporation, they've figured out that they can be better with their budgets than they thought they could. They can find out they can live on less than they thought they could. And they do not want to get -- once burnt, twice shy. And so the behaviors are reasonable, but they're more emotional than they are practical or financial, and I think this will eventually recover as people feel more comfortable. They now know what their cost is going to be in their paycheck every 2 weeks now that FICA has been changed. They're probably getting a better sense of what's going to happen in terms of the cost of gasoline as we move into the summer months, and they start looking whether they've got money for a vacation. This is the perfect time of the year where we're in a flux to figure out where things are going to settle. And in our company, April and May pretty much tell us the rest of the year. We don't trust the first quarter for a lot of reasons. I don't go -- have to go much past May to know how the year is going to go, but we're right on the heels of figuring out what the consumer behavior will be. And I'll tell you it's probably going to be cautious because, for the same reasons I mentioned for corporate, there's no catalyst, but for to be careful and protect yourself, given the uncertainty of what things could happen.
Richard K. Davis: Yes, thank you. For our company, it's not the latter. We are not bound by capital, by regulators, by any enforcement actions. We're simply doing the business we think is safe, sound and repeatable, and so far that's been aligned with what the regulators would expect.
Richard K. Davis: Nancy, good question. First of all, we're just a little tiny bank from Bloomington [ph]. I want to make sure you all know that. I'm convinced that there will be a ratability here. There will be a sliding scale. Even if it doesn't look like it at first, if you recall the G-SIFI or G-SIB requirements, we were the first bank not to be given one, but we were uncomfortable to have 0 as a buffer in our minimum capital charge. We just know it couldn't be 0, but we were not given a number, so we picked 50 basis points. I think that this whole "too big to fail" issue has been -- we have failed as an industry to provide confidence to the people who worry the most, that we really have ring-fenced this problem by 6 ways to Sunday. And as the bank that might otherwise look like an advantaged bank, because we're not typically in that first conversation, we're going to be affected by it, in some manner, as well. And I believe, for the good of this country, we need to have banks larger than us and we need to have banks smaller than us. But we are preparing to be part of something, and we think we'll get our pro rata share. I don't think it'll be excessive, but I don't think it'll be advantageous either. I think we'll get our fair measure of whatever the rule is here to try to make banks safer. And if capital's a measure, so be it. If it's loan losses, it might be that. It might be a liquidity ratio. It could be all kinds of things. I'm worried that "too big to fail" is just introducing the idea that we need so many different ways to protect the banks that we'll become so risk-free that we'll end up losing our benefits to those of you who invest in us. So that's a bigger worry, but I think we will get whatever is fair and assigned to us based on our size and our complexity. I don't see it as an advantage or a disadvantage. I think the whole thing, though, is a disappointment, because we should do a better job of convincing people who are worried that we really have this ring-fenced.
Richard K. Davis: Moshe, on the merchant side, our portfolio is heavily weighted toward resorts, airlines, hoteliers, not retail. And those are areas that are typically very slow in first quarter, they always are. And they're even slower right now based on the T&E spend of some of the corporations. So that's why we might be slightly disparate, because we're not heavy -- as heavy on retail as the averages you would hear from MasterCard or Visa.
Richard K. Davis: Well, I won't talk to any one specific deal, but the goal that everyone's trying to figure out is who's going to carve out what space, as it relates to the interlopers that are not financial institutions, in moving money for people in nontraditional ways. I should write that down because that was a long sentence. But the fact of the matter is that's what we're trying to do. When you're a merchant acquirer, you're the only group that has a shot at it. And if you blow it, then you're going to have an interloper come in and take a position that we've otherwise had as one of the people -- trusted parties in a transaction between consumers and merchants, so that's really where this is at for us. That's why I tell you we're dealing with many partners, we're dancing with a lot of different folks. We can do all kinds of different dances if we need to, but we're not leaving ourselves out of the conversation. We're in virtually every one to decide what we think is the surviving technology or the surviving partner or the surviving customer behavior, and it's changing pretty quickly. So all you should know from us is that we're not waiting and going to be left standing by ourselves. We're out trying all kinds of different things. I just think it's a more prudent approach to deliver on things and show you even pilots before we announce partnerships. You can just trust me on this call. We're partnering with everybody you'd want us to, to make sure we're not leaving out the advantage that accrues to a 30-year merchant acquirer, who's already in this space and does it very well and everybody wants to be a partner with.
Richard K. Davis: Yes, yes. It wouldn't be very big. I think I tried to mention it would be names you haven't heard of and people who put it together in a garage 2 years ago. It's a technology, intellectual property we'd like to buy. We're big enough that we can bring it in-house and we can manage things and do them ourselves. But kind of a nascent technology that we think starts to work is better brought in-house. We can then own it, probably bring them in with us and have them help us to derive some of that. But we're better off to buy their idea than have to try to create a laboratory where we have everyone trying to come up with something new. And there are people out there doing that today. It will not be names that you're going to be looking at today in the paper, and they're not going to be big transactions that would cause you to change the sense of balance of how we make our money.
Andrew Cecere: Matt, this is Andy. So first, you're right. The first quarter is seasonally lower across a number of categories. In addition to the seasonality, I'd highlight 2 things. One is in our corporate products -- corporate payments revenue, we have about a 30% exposure to the U.S. government, with a high percentage of that related to the defense department. And government spending is down approximately 15% to 30% depending upon the category. So that is a driver of our -- principal driver of the lower year-over-year and a little lower linked quarter growth that you see in corporate payments. So that's going to depend upon what the future is in terms of government spend, but that is an unusual item that you see there. The second category I bring up is our commercial product revenue. We have particular strength in our high-grade bond underwriting. That's doing very well, and you're reading about the marketplace and how a lot of bond issues are occurring. However, the marketplace is also indicating that FX, loan syndication and some of the more onetime fees are slowing down a bit because -- somewhat because of that high bond underwriting activity. So those are 2 things in addition to seasonality that I would call out.
Andrew Cecere: Yes, so I -- we had indicated that we would be down 5% to 7%, we were down 7%. I will tell you, my expectation was that is the most it will go down this year. My expectation for the second quarter is closer to 4% to 6%. Part of the reason for that is first quarter has seasonally lower loan fees. And secondly, the compression of what's coming on versus what's coming off is dissipating. So you'll see continued improvement throughout the year and again, second quarter 4% to 6%.
Andrew Cecere: Yes, John. So that is the reason. In 2012, we had about $12 billion of debt that either matured and was not replaced or was replaced at a much lower cost. That helped us, particularly in the last half of 2012. In 2013, we have a much lower number of debt coming due, so we have less of that repricing that will help us. However, as I said, sort of offsetting that is the difference between what's coming on and off, particularly in the securities portfolio. We'll continue to improve each quarter, so that'll be an offset. But that is the principal dynamic last year versus this year.
Andrew Cecere: We're asset-sensitive. We continue to be asset-sensitive. What you saw in the fourth quarter annual report is very similar to what you'll see in the first quarter Q. So we are biased towards positive rates, and the most important part in the curve for us is 3 to 5 years.
Andrew Cecere: So Paul, I'm going to give you -- I don't know the whole year. I'll give you what I can see in the second quarter. And so the first quarter, our fees were down about 15.5%, and that's principally because apps were down. We book about 80% of our revenue at app and the remainder at close. Apps were down about 20%, and gain on sale margins were down 10, 15 basis points, and the offset was positive servicing revenue and the gain on sale -- or excuse me, the servicing hedge. So those are the gives and takes. What we look -- as we look into the second quarter, we believe mortgage revenue will grow, and we believe the application volumes, what we've seen thus far, will increase. So we think that this first quarter was a little bit seasonal, a little bit impacted by the blip in rates that occurred in late February. We're starting to see some strength there, so we expect an increase in mortgage revenue Q2.
Andrew Cecere: Yes, so first of all, from an origination standpoint, if we think about production, about 72% of the production is refinancing. Only about 62% of the applications, however, are refinancing. So again, that increase in rates that occurred did impact apps, and refinancings did come down in the first quarter. We're starting to see it shift back to more of that 70-30 refinancing. And again, we expect strength in the application volume into quarter 2. Given -- we don't have the full market data yet, but we continue to expect that we'll be either stable or slightly increasing in market share.
Andrew Cecere: Yes, I think a factor there, Ken, was the elimination of tax. So what we saw at the end of the year was a shift, perhaps, of about $6 billion out of noninterest-bearing, which, at -- until year-end, had unlimited insurance, into a more interest-bearing category. So I think customers thought about it, and said, "I'm going to go after a few basis points since I don't have unlimited insurance." So I think that's the phenomenon that we saw.
Andrew Cecere: So it's -- let me put it by piece. So the merchant growth is going to be a bit of a function of same-store sales growth, which will range somewhere between 3% and 5%, we expect, for the rest of the year. We'll grow a little bit above that because we're adding new customers, but same-store sales drives that. On the card side, it's going to be consumer spend and that -- what we're seeing is spending relatively stable, but the paydown of the loans continues to increase. In other words, revolve rate is such that people are paying down their outstanding debt, so that's what's impacting outstandings. And then on the corporate card side, as we said, we have a fair exposure to the government and T&E spend, both of which are weak for the reasons that Richard already has gone through. So purchasing, the traditional purchasing is stronger, the T&E and government is a little weaker so that will depend, again, on the sentiment on a go-forward basis.
Andrew Cecere: The budget that we planned under is very similar to the CCAR base case budget, Betsy, which is a basically low rate environment for the next couple of years at the low end, with some increase at the longer end towards the end of this year into next year.
Andrew Cecere: Right. So there are a few questions in there. First, let me make it clear that qualifying mortgages, Freddie, Fannie, we are not holding in our balance sheet other than held for sale, so we are selling those. What you're seeing in terms of mortgage traditional loans on the balance sheet is first, our Smart Refinance product, which is that branch-based mortgage originated high-quality customer, that is not a Freddie, Fannie product. That's what you're seeing growing, and we would expect continued growth there for the reasons we've talked about. In terms of, I want to be also clear, net interest income, we expect to be relatively stable to some growth. We do still see some expectation for that 4- to 6-basis-point decline more than [ph] offset by the earning asset growth. And finally, I would say that I expect loan and securities growth to sort of be in sync. So we've stopped in terms of the build on the securities portfolio and it'll grow in conjunction with overall balance sheet growth.
Andrew Cecere: Right. So as you recall, in the fourth quarter, we increased our reserve, principally due to the look-back period on Freddie Mac going back a couple of more years. So that was unusually high. The first quarter may be a little bit low because of timing and some of the work-through of that additional look-back period. But I do expect that to sort of be stable to down in future quarters. So I think we've reached the peak there in terms of the addition to reserve, and we'll start to see it come down.
Andrew Cecere: There is no unusual legal accruals in the first quarter. As you recall, the fourth quarter had the $80 million, but first quarter was relatively straightforward.
Andrew Cecere: Yes, so we have plenty of room there. So part of the reason for the increase in the value was the increase in rates that we talked about. But from an overall standpoint, we could almost double our securities port -- or MSR book and still not have the haircut from a Basel III perspective. So we're not bound by that. We continue to expect to grow the mortgage business, as we talked about. And again, as we talked about, we expect that to grow more in the second quarter relative to the first quarter because of the seasonality, but we're not bound by MSR in capital.
Andrew Cecere: A lot of -- there's a lot of different calculations, but that is not a binding constraint right now.
Andrew Cecere: Yes, and the reason for that -- and I know, Chris, where you're coming from. So the reason for that is you calculated it on production, which is what we're putting in our reports. And I'm doing it on net apps after fallout expectation.
Andrew Cecere: And our apps -- right, so production while it looks sort of flattish, apps are down closer to about 20%. So if you go through the math on that, you'll see the gain on sale margins down 10 or 20 basis points.
Andrew Cecere: Application volume. The others might be better, too, but the application volume is going to be the key driver.
Andrew Cecere: Principally seasonality and principally because of that slowdown of the curve with the increasing rates in the middle of the first quarter.
Andrew Cecere: Nancy, this is Andy. I think we'll still have risk-weighted assets, and maybe a tangible ratio will come into play in addition. One of the things I want to highlight, in our bank, our risk-weighted asset Basel III to our total GAAP asset is about 87%. So we're not -- we don't have a huge discount on the risk weightings that you're reading about in some others. So it may come into play, but it won't be a big deal for us.
P. W. Parker: Yes, yes. This is Bill. Okay, I mean, the area that still has room for improvement is anything related to the residential mortgage, so residential mortgage, home equity, still high. And over the next year or 2, depending on housing prices, that should continue to come down.
P. W. Parker: Yes, they will come down again in the second quarter and should be down for the balance of the year.
P. W. Parker: Yes, I think the other category would be commercial real estate. Historically, banks have liked commercial real estate because it's actually a pretty easy area to generate instant outstanding. There's always a developer with a project and seeking money. So that's an area that, over the years, has been subject to too much money going into too many projects. The way we manage that is we start with our customers. And the first thing we do is really underwrite, understand our customer. It's common that we do not necessarily do every project for our customer base. We look at the ones that we like. It's been a successful strategy for us for decades. So the commercial real estate is the other area.
P. W. Parker: I'd say less than -- a little different answer than the prime minus. I mean, we've held a lot of our underwriting fairly steady there, and we have the capability to do home equity up to 90% loan-to-value. We haven't changed that in several years. The issue being a lot of people are just not taking advantage of that, getting back to Richard's comment about sentiment, so it's available. We use it in some of our piggyback loans. But the volumes are just not that great. And I think it's less us changing our standards and more the market eventually coming back to them as people get more confidence.
P. W. Parker: Yes. Well, I think, the other big area is really our corporate bank and especially their inroads into the investment-grade space, whether that's through commitments and taking joint lead or lead positions with a number of our clients. And with that, comes the investment-grade underwriting that we established in Charlotte. So I'd say that's another area that's come a long way in the last...
P. W. Parker: Yes. And I'll also point out the -- I mean, the housing starts statistic is heavily weighted now with multifamily starts, so the single family, I see, is actually down. And so when you talk about consumer sentiment, I mean, it's, yes, you build an apartment building, you need carpet, but what you're talking about is this consumer going out and buying a new home and refurnishing and et cetera, and that's a different behavior. And that's still fairly tepid.
P. W. Parker: We usually go a quarter at a time. But in general terms, there's still a little more room for improvement in the credit profile. There's still wholesales almost back to what I'd call prerecession levels. But there's still a few things to work out so that will give us a little more relief on the allowance. But basically, it's similar to what it's been doing.
