Andrew Cecere: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. Following our prepared remarks, Terry and I will be opening the call -- will open our call for questions.  I'll start on Slide 3. In the first quarter, we reported earnings per share of $0.96, which compares with $0.82 reported in the first quarter of 2017. During the quarter, a lower-than-expected tax rate, offset by a transitional change in vesting provisions within our stock-based compensation program, increased earnings per share by $0.01. On a year-over-year basis, first quarter net revenue increased by 3.4% to $5.5 billion. Excluding the impact of tax reform on our net interest income, revenue growth would have been 3.9%.  Loan growth is seasonally lowest in the first quarter of every year. Pay-downs have been a headwind in recent quarters due to capital markets activities by customers and our disciplined underwriting in commercial real estate at this stage of the business cycle. In addition, in the first quarter, loan demand has been lower across the industry. These factors offset solid growth in our retail loan portfolios and underlying strength in new business and market share gains in our commercial portfolios. We believe the early part of this year will prove to be a transition period. Tax reform impacted not only loan growth this quarter, but also commercial products revenue, as it influenced the timing and level of corporate bond issuance and deal funding.  Combined with strong growth in pipelines, conversations with our customers gives us confidence that commercial loan trends will improve as we move further into the year, although the timing of more robust growth tied to a resurgence in CapEx investment remains uncertain. In the meantime, we are focused on gaining market share across our lending and fee products. This quarter, we saw improved sales volume growth in merchant processing, higher sales growth in credit card and commercial payment services and strong growth in new customer accounts and client balances in our Wealth Management and Investment Services businesses. We expect this momentum to continue into the year. On the right side of Slide 3, you will see that the credit quality was stable in the first quarter, and our book value per share increased by 5.9% from a year ago. During the quarter, we returned 68% of our earnings to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks.  Slide 4 highlights our best-in-class performance metrics, including a 14.9% return on average common equity, a 1.5% return on average assets, and our tangible return on common equity was 19.3%. Our efficiency ratio rose modestly from a year ago to 55.9%, reflecting increased investment in spending on technology and innovation and certain transitional matters related to stock-based compensation that Terry will address in a moment. As we discussed previously, we are stepping up our business investment in digital-first capabilities, revenue-enhancing initiatives and business automation. We expect that 55.9% efficiency ratio to be the high for the year.  Now let me turn the call over to Terry, who'll provide more detail on the quarter as well as forward-looking guidance. 
Andrew Cecere: Thanks, Terry. The early part of 2018 is shaping up to be what we thought it would. The economy is on solid footing, and consumer and business confidence is strong. While the business confidence has not translated into increased lending activity yet, we believe it will. Strong consumer spending, supported by a strong job market, higher wages and lower taxes, should drive more business activity and business investment in technology and infrastructure, and we are well positioned to win the lending business that comes with it.  Business optimism is evident in the conversations our bankers are having with our clients, and we are seeing that in terms of increased commitments and more robust pipelines. I feel very good about the outlook for our fee businesses. We are reaching an inflection point in merchant processing revenue, and our focus on retail-driven purchase mortgages is enabling us to capture market share in mortgage banking.  And while reduced headwinds are a positive development, I'm most excited about the sales and volume trends we are seeing in some of our high-return fee businesses like payments and trust and investment services, which provides fuel to an already good momentum in the second quarter and beyond.  As we have discussed previously, we are accelerating technology and innovation investment spend on initiatives aimed at enhancing the customer experience and leveraging our competitive positioning, with a particular focus on payments, digital and mobile banking and B2B capabilities. These investments will position us at the forefront in banking and drive improved leverage over the next several years.  In closing, I'm confident that our business model, combined with the hard work, dedication and integrity of our entire U.S. Bank team, will enable us to deliver improving returns on equity for shareholders in the near term and over the longer term without compromising our risk profile. That concludes our formal remarks. Terry, Bill and I will now be happy to answer your questions. 
Andrew Cecere: And Terry, I'd add that our capabilities in the digital front, specifically our Loan Portal position us well for that gain on share on the retail side. 
Andrew Cecere: And Terry, I'd add our deposit beta assumptions were consistent with our expectations. [On G40], we're still expecting they get 50 towards the middle -- last part of 2018. And the other point I'd make is that we saw acceleration in deposits actually here early in the second quarter. 
Andrew Cecere: John, the other thing I that would just add to that is it's important to remember our business mix relative to a lot of our regional banks that we end up competing against. With the payments business and the Investment Management business in particular, the payments business, a lot of those expenses are more variable in nature. And so as revenue grows, expenses will grow with that, but not to the same level, but also the business mix ends up impacting that a little bit. 
Andrew Cecere: Well, as I said in the prepared remarks, John, I do expect that this first quarter is the high point for the year. And we continue to expect it will be in the mid- to low 50s in terms of our efficiency ratio. So I expect it to migrate down principally because we're going to have positive operating leverage. 
Andrew Cecere: Betsy, this is Andy. We continue to be bound by the base case, not distressed case. Our base case target's 8.5% common equity Tier 1. We're at 9%, so we're in the range. Our capital distribution has been in the range of our long-term targets, that 30 to 40. I do think that one change that this may offer an opportunity to do is to increase the dividend component of that share versus the buyback. So you might -- you will see us increasing the dividend piece as this rule becomes more clear. 
Andrew Cecere: Sure. So Betsy, as we think about the $0.30 to $0.40 in dividends and the $0.30 to $0.40 in buybacks, I could see our dividend component migrating towards that $0.40. 
Andrew Cecere: So I'm going to hit corporate payments, and Terry will talk about the retail payments. On the corporate payment side, they're having an exceptional -- they've had an exceptional year last year and continue to see that in the first quarter. We had sales growth of 12%, revenue growth of 10%. And you're seeing really strong growth in both the government as well as the corporate sector. A lot of that's driven by some of the technology investments we talked about, one of which is virtual pay, which is up about 20% on a year-over-year basis. So I would continue to see strong growth in those categories in corporate payments at the very high end of that single-digit or low double-digit range. 
Andrew Cecere: No, Mike, it's not new information. It's reiteration of what we talked about in the fourth quarter. 
Andrew Cecere: Thanks, Mike. So let me break it into 3 categories. I'll start with the payments categories. And in there, it's going to be a focus on increasing our capabilities around e-commerce and integrated software providers. We're good there and want to be even better in those categories because that's where the growth is. On the retail side of the equation, it's increasing our digital capabilities. Today, about 65% to 70% of transactions occur in our mobile device, but under 20% of sales. We want to continue to enhance our capabilities around the sales side of the equation, offering convenience and speed for customers as we think about a digital-first world. And then on the business side of the equation, it's all focused on B2B and the new rails are being built and our capabilities around those rails. So those are the 3 areas of focus. The outcome of those will be increased sales activity and customer acquisition on all 3 fronts and particularly, on the consumer front, a more central relationship with those consumers and our ability to expand beyond our footprint with consumer customers. 
Andrew Cecere: Mike, I'm doing this because I think this is where the industry is headed, and I want to be at the forefront. 
Andrew Cecere: Nothing different. We are in our sustainability pace. Things are going as expected. We expect to be done with our part of the equation in midyear, June 30. And then the regulators will continue with what they're doing, and that timing is uncertain. But we're right on track with what we expect. 
Andrew Cecere: Yes. This certainly isn't our expectation based upon both our experience in the business and also from a client standpoint. There is certain operating sort of need, the cash flow. And so there's a benefit to having those deposits with the bank. And so I don't think from the perspective of having to be competitive in terms of what they're accomplishing that we have to go that high. I think we're very -- we're at or very close to what -- where we need to be. 
Andrew Cecere: Sure, Matt. And this is Andy. Let me clarify a little bit. So we talked about 3% to 5% this year, at the high end of the range because of some of that increased investment we talked about. That increased investment will be in the run rate. We expect positive operating leverage this year. And going into next year, I would continue to expect that we're not going to increase our tax spend again next year. So that will be baked into the run rate, and I would expect the growth rates next year will start to migrate down within that 3% to 5% range. 
Andrew Cecere: It will be modest this year and it will continue to increase as we go into 2019 and beyond because our expectation is these investments will produce the revenue that we're looking for, and that's why we're doing it. 
Andrew Cecere: So our revenue growth rates and our expense growth rates, we do expect to be in the ranges, that we were in the 6% to 8% range on revenue, 3% to 5% on expense. And our return numbers, we're already in that range. One thing I will mention, Matt, is that we intend to increase our ranges on our returns, given the tax situation that we're in. We'll communicate more about that. But as you saw, we're up in that range already in the middle of the range. 
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So this is Terry, and thanks for the question, Ricky. With respect to expenses, we certainly expect them to be, in 2018, kind of on the higher end of that range, as we said. As we get into 2019, one of the things that we expect and we think is important is that we would start to see revenue accelerate because of some of the investments that we're making as well as some of the efficiencies that we would expect from business automation and other activities that we are investing in. So I don't know whether it will come down to the lower end of that range in 2019, but I think we'll start to see an inflection point where it will start to come down in the range during 2019. 
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So again, let me kind of take that question. On mortgage banking, I think we're kind of seeing a couple of different things. One is that I know we've had a very strong focus on enhancing the retail channel and focusing on purchased mortgages over the last couple of years. What we are seeing in our particular business is we've actually seen applications increase on a year-over-year basis by about 11% but the revenue coming down on a year-over-year basis. And that's principally because in the industry, it's very competitive in terms of the gain on sale margins that we are seeing and that the industry is seeing, particularly in the correspondent banking. I think that there -- as the year progresses, that margin compression is placing a lot of pressure on our competitors. We're continuing to capture market share. And as capacity in the industry starts to go down, we should start to see improving margins, but the timing of that is hard to know. 
Terrance Dolan: Yes. John, this is Terry again. When we look at deposit trends, for us, it's really kind of important to kind of look at the business mix of our deposits. We typically, in the first quarter, see deposits being down on a seasonal basis, and that's because deal flow within corporate trust tends to be higher in the fourth quarter and then lower in the first quarter. And so we always see kind of a runoff. If we look at kind of the deposit outflows that we saw in the first quarter, we didn't see anything significant in the consumer or the retail side at all. In fact, they were pretty stable from fourth quarter to first quarter. The Wholesale or our Corporate and Commercial Banking deposits were down, but at the end of looking year-over-year, seasonally, it's about the same. So the most significant decrease that we saw was within our Corporate Trust business, and we really think that's tied to 3 factors. The first is the fact that a lot of CLO deals got pulled forward because of tax reform into the fourth quarter, so fourth quarter balances were higher. And in the first quarter, the CLO investment managers started to deploy those deposit balances out of the trust. And so that's pretty natural. But I think because of the pull-forward, it was more pronounced in the first quarter. Second is just timing of M&A activity. We have escrow balances and we saw an outflow of escrow balances, which is really tied to M&A deals. With the pipeline of M&As strengthening, we would expect that to get stronger and then just normal seasonality. So it's kind of 3 different factors that are happening in the Corporate Trust business, not as much really tied to deposit pricing. 
Terrance Dolan: Yes. I mean, that's something we talked about last year. We'll see loan growth, for example, in many of our retail categories. And that's going to be more tied to what GDP is doing, et cetera. So I think we see a number of signs that would still make us feel comfortable at this point. 
Terrance Dolan: Well, John, I'll start with the fact that we're starting from an efficiency ratio a bit lower than those other banks that you're describing. I do think we're going to and we are going to focus on positive operating leverage and making sure that our expense growth is below our revenue growth. But at the same time, we want to make sure we're balanced in terms of the making investments for the longer term. So we're factoring in all those things into our number of 3% to 5%. I do think it'll range in there for sure. I do think that there are periods it'll be at the low end of the range. But we want to make sure we're thinking about things not only in the short term, but in the long term. 
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So again, looking at our balance sheet, probably about 50% of our assets benefit from the short end of the curve in terms of movements in interest rates and about 50% of it benefits more on the long end of the curve. And that's really what's our business mix has been overall. From an asset liability sensitivity perspective, one of the things I would kind of maybe point out, and Andy talked a little bit about our deposit betas, but if you think about our Corporate Trust business, we're getting closer to, what I would call, that terminal beta level, and that's kind of starting to be baked into our rate movements as well as kind of the wholesale side. So the movement up of deposit betas for us, I think, will be impacted by that, to some extent, favorably, I think, relative to maybe some of our competitors. So that's the way we kind of think about it. 
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So I mean, the movement from 40 to 50 is probably going to be more so on assumption that retail deposits are going to start to move upward in terms of deposit betas. Through the most recent rate cycle or rate hike, we have seen very, very little movement in terms of deposit pricing. I do think that with the March rate hike and as we get into the rest of the year, we're going to see more competition with respect to retail deposits. And we're just going to be pricing to meet that competition. 
Terrance Dolan: Yes. I think the way that I would kind of think about it, Betsy, I do think that there's that opportunity. I think we can be a little bit more targeted and more focused with respect to how we think about retail deposits. I mean, we price in 120 different markets and so we surgically kind of look at where the competition is moving rates. And then we only really have to move in those particular markets. So I think your point is correct in the sense that we can be more targeted, and we can be a little bit more focused with respect to deposit betas as they end up changing. I think that we -- again, we haven't seen a lot of movements yet, but that's something that we're expecting. 
Terrance Dolan: So Erika, I think we're making these investments that we talked about with a particular focus on customer experience and digital, B2B, all those things I've talked about. Those expenses are now starting to be baked into the run rate that you're seeing in the first quarter continuously for the rest of the year. We're going to work on the expense growth to be in that 3% to 5% range under the assumption that our revenue growth is above that, and we talked about our revenue growth assumptions. So to the extent the revenue growth is robust, I would expect, and as expected, I expect our expense to be 3% to 5%. If the revenue growth is below that, we'll manage expenses down, consistent with what our revenue opportunities are, again, with the objective of continuing to deliver positive operating leverage and a lower efficiency ratio over time. 
Terrance Dolan: In terms of the seasonality, I don't think it's going to end up impacting it a lot. I mean, the rebates that you're talking about are principally related to our corporate payments businesses. And we end up looking at the seasonality of that and then just how those rebates will match up against it. I think the seasonality will be the same. You just have to kind of reset your first quarter expectations regarding the line item. 
Terrance Dolan: Now when you think about retail credit card, we've been talking about mid-single-digit sort of revenue growth for the year, and that business tends to be a little bit seasonal in the sense that the fourth -- first quarter tend to be a little bit higher in terms of the revenue growth. So I think it's important to kind of keep that in mind. To the extent that we -- I mean, we have been seeing strengthening with respect to consumer spend in that particular space, and I think that based upon everything that we're seeing, we would -- we believe that, that can continue. But it'll be really tied to what does that retail customer spend look like over the course of the year. 
Terrance Dolan: And Mike, I might add maybe just a couple of things. Obviously, on the retail side, the areas of focus, we started in mortgage because we have an important business there in terms of our Loan Portal, bringing online capabilities for people to be able to acquire autos online and be able to get the lending within essentially kind of minutes associated with that, and then checking deposits and all sorts of things. A lot of the digital capabilities in the industry today are very service-oriented, though, and so a big significant focus for us is really more on the sale side as we go forward. 
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So if you end up looking at revenue in merchant acquiring is, on a year-over-year basis, up about 2.5%. And what we have been guiding for the first half of the year is really that merchant acquiring on a core basis would be relatively flat on a year-over-year basis, and that's essentially what the difference is between the 2, is the FX. Saying that, again, when we end up looking at the second half of the year and we think about the core growth within that business, we think about that in terms of the mid-single digit. So we do expect to continue to strengthen. And those things that we end up looking at, in particular as new business activity and sales volumes, the sales volumes continue to strengthen that business as well. 
Terrance Dolan: Yes. And so within our Wealth Management business, we started increasing deposit betas in the last rate cycle. And where there was literally no movement in earlier rate hikes, we started to see betas in the 10% to 15%. But they're well below what you see on the wholesale side of the other institutional side. But that's kind of what we've been experiencing. 
Terrance Dolan: Yes, yes. So if you end up looking at Corporate Trust, when we get to more of a terminal, there are certain deposit betas in that 70% to 75% range, and we're pretty much there already. That's why as we think about the future, we believe the asset viability sensitivity standpoint, that's pretty much baked in. So that's kind of on the Corporate Trust side of the equation. And then on the, what I would say, on the core Wealth Management side, it's closer to that 15%. 
Terrance Dolan: Yes, Saul. In terms of giving the specifics regarding equity investments, we've never really provided that specific type of guidance. I will say, in other revenue, there is many different categories of types of revenues that are part of that, including, for example, end-of-term gains and losses on residuals, et cetera, et cetera. It tends to be lumpy because of not only equity investments but just the way that all those different categories end up interacting it from 1 quarter to the next. So I think what I would suggest is kind of look over a period of time and you kind of see a range, and I would just kind of look within that range as kind of a way of getting some sense on other income. 
Terrance Dolan: Yes. On the wholesale side, the betas are kind of in that 55% to 65% sort of range. And that's getting pretty close to terminal level that we have experienced in the past. It -- that's kind of where it is today, Kevin. 
Terrance Dolan: Yes. If you end up looking at margins on the correspondent side, they're in the low -- high single to low double-digit sort of range. And that's probably 20% to 30 basis points lower than what we would normally see. Our expectation is that as we get into the latter half of the year and probably more so into the fourth quarter, that they will start to rebound because there's a lot of pressure on the smaller players and the players that just don't have the capacity to be able to deal with the margins that low. But that's kind of where they're at, and our expectation is it will start to improve. It's just a matter of timing. 
Terrance Dolan: Well, that would be -- kind of on the wholesale side, it's probably just a little bit lower but kind of in that ballpark. On the Corporate Trust side, it tends to be a little bit higher because we end up having -- the substitute investment is government funds, for example, in the money market fund area or T-bills. So you have to kind of track that, but that tends to be closer to 70% to 75%. 
Terrance Dolan: Yes, good follow-up. And in terms of the impact of Irma and Harvey, that has pretty much dissipated. So certainly, early in the first quarter, any effect associated with that has pretty much kind of worked its way in. Puerto Rico is much smaller for us. It really isn't that significant, but it will take more time for that to recover. 
Terrance Dolan: Yes. Well, when I think about kind of ending balances, on a spot basis, Brian, they are a little bit higher than the averages. So we do expect to see some momentum as we think about the second quarter. And of thinking about middle market, for us, middle market, we're continuing to grow on the commitment side. But one of the things that we have seen a little bit is just the impact of pay-downs or payoffs. And the principal driver behind that is from market to market, we see some M&A activity, and that M&A activity ends up negatively impacting some of the middle market. If you're looking across kind of all of our markets, we're seeing nice growth in at least half of them, a little bit stronger than that. And we're seeing flat sort of growth in the others. And so it kind of depends market to market and the change is from quarter-to-quarter, too. 
Terrance Dolan: Yes. I know there's been a lot of conversation around LIBOR basis risk, et cetera, on some of the other calls. For us, we -- at the end of the first quarter, as an example, we have very little that is floating rate on 3-month LIBOR. So we don't have the same sort of basis risk to increase the 3-month LIBOR at this point. 
Terrance Dolan: Yes. Well, typically, when we go into the marketplace, it's kind of a normal cycle. We have gone about 75% fixed, 25% LIBOR or floating and tied to the 3 months. But we have substantially swapped that out to fixed at this point. 
P. Parker: Well, it does appear to be a little stronger in the second quarter than the first quarter. But we still think it's probably going to pick up mostly in the second half of the year. But we did see in the C&I side, for example, our ending balances were higher at the end of the quarter. So there are signals that is then starting to pick up. 
P. Parker: This is Bill. That's certainly part of it. It's either rate, and it's often tenor and just the lack of recourse structure on these long-tenor deals that -- whether it's insurance companies or the securities markets or offerings. So that's where we've seen the runoff in, what we call, the standing loan side or mortgage loan side. On the construction side, we're still very, very active. We actually did see our ending construction loans up a little bit in the first quarter, so that was encouraging. So that's where we focus. That's where we can add most value. 
P. Parker: Well, the credit's very stable, but yes, we did have one commercial account that's a consumer products account that did go nonperforming. So it was just an isolated incident. But overall, credit metrics are very, very stable. 
P. Parker: This is Bill. I would say not necessarily. I mean, we're in, obviously, in late stages of economic expansion and then credit cycle. We just try to keep our underwriting consistent throughout the period. There have been -- I mean, I talked about the real estate and there's a lot of activity in that long-term fixed rate pricing, which has affected our mortgage book. But on the other side, it's pretty much steady as you go. There's a lot of pricing pressure. But basically, we compete to have a full relationship and bring the other commercial products to the table. 
