Andrew Cecere: Good morning everyone and thank you for joining our call. Following our prepared remarks, Terry and I will be opening up the call to Q&A. Let me begin on slide three. In the third quarter, we reported record net income and earnings per share driven by record revenue and positive operating leverage. In line with our expectations, loan growth accelerated in the third quarter, supported by continued strength in consumer lending and a pickup in commercial loan growth. On the right side of slide three, you can see that credit quality improved in the third quarter and our book value per share increased by 5.3% from year ago. During the third quarter, we returned 78% of our earnings to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. Slide four highlights our best-in-class performance metrics including a 19.9% return on tangible common equity. Our efficiency ratio, return on average assets, and return on average common equity all improved sequentially and on a year-on-year basis. Now, let me turn the call over to Terry, who will provide more detail on the quarter as well as forward-looking guidance.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks Terry. The second half of 2018 is shaping up as we had anticipated and momentum is building on our core businesses as we head into the end of the year. We expect the loan growth to continue to accelerate in the fourth quarter and our fee businesses remain on a good trajectory. Merchant acquiring revenue growth is gaining momentum and our other two payments businesses, retail card issuing and corporate payment services, are firing on all cylinders. In wealth management and investment services, we are benefiting from favorable market conditions even as we continue to grow new accounts and reap the benefits of our strong market position in corporate trust. We remain diligent in our focus on managing expenses for whatever revenue environment we are operating in and we are committed to delivering positive operating leverage in the upcoming quarter for the full year 2018 and 2019. We manage our company for the long-term while balancing shorter term financial objectives. This approach means that we will be prudent with expense management, but continue to make traditional investments in our businesses and accelerate investments to enhance our digital and payments capabilities. In terms of more traditional investments, we recently announced the expansion of our middle-market commercial banking team in the New York metro area where we have a strong presence in the large corporate space for over 10 years and will be able to leverage that existing platform. On a technology and innovation front, we announced the creation of a new fully digital capability for small businesses to apply for and receive a loan or line of credit. The application of funding time is often less than an hour, improving on a process that can take weeks within the industry. During the third quarter, we acquired Electronic Transaction Systems, which enhances our integrated software capabilities within our merchant processing business. It expands us into the new municipality industry vertical where we can leverage our government banking relationships within corporate and commercial banking. These investments and future investments will enable us to stay at the forefront in banking and will drive improved operating leverage over the next several years. We understand the value we create for our shareholders starts with the value we create for our customers. As the banking industry evolves in this new era of digital capabilities, we continue to look for ways to use technology and innovation to make our customers' financial lives simpler and more productive while at the same time protecting their data, their personal information, and their privacy. If we do it right and we will do it right, our customers win, our employees win, and our shareholders. In closing, I'd like to thank our U.S. Bank team members across the country for bringing their A game to work every day, to deliver on the promise of One U.S. Bank, and driving outstanding results for each of our stakeholders. That concludes our formal remarks. Terry and I will now be happy to answer your questions.
Andrew Cecere: And John, Andy. As we look at next year, I would highlight a couple of things. As we've talked about, we've lapped the payments to the merchant revenue issue and you saw that that's growing 4%. We continue to expect that to accelerate as we go into next quarter and next year. Mortgage revenue which has been a little bit of a headwind in the industry, I think, will start to come back. We are seeing accelerated loan growth, continued economic growth, and then across all our business, we're seeing increase in market share and customer acquisition. So, those are all things that I was positive opportunities for 2019 revenue.
Andrew Cecere: And John, importantly, we're not assuming that surcharge goes away as we think about positive operating leverage in 2019.
Andrew Cecere: Matt, this is Andy. We were talking about that, the 0.9% accelerating to a higher number on a linked-quarter basis.
Andrew Cecere: And then Erika on your question on private equity you're now in bank or non-bank competition, I would say that is evident in some of the wholesale categories. I think it's probably most prominent in our commercial real estate category where some of the pay downs that are occurring are because of non-bank competition coming into the marketplace. But as we said and as Terry said in his remarks that is starting to abate here as we come into the third and fourth quarter.
Andrew Cecere: And the fourth quarter, Terry, is actually higher than the third quarter. So, we'll see a little bit of an increase in that -- in the fourth quarter because of that.
Andrew Cecere: And Erika maybe one thing that I would just kind of add to that. I think when you end up looking our business mix, so this is one of the things that we've talked about in the past, the business mix having the strong fee base sort of businesses and payments, et cetera and with consumer spend continuing to get stronger, I just see that as something that differentiates us as we think about the future.
Andrew Cecere: Yes, so the corporate trust business is a great -- not only great fee business, but it's a great deposit gathering business. And as Terry mentioned, there's two components to it, one is operational nature and the flows that occur will continue to occur regardless of the rate environment because it is a flow between the bond issuer and the bond holder. The second component or what I would call more short-term investments and that's where we're seeing more of the volatility, but it's as we expected and particularly in this rate environment is new investment opportunities present themselves, so bottom-line Scott, I don't think it's anything that we didn't anticipate. We're going to be a little bit lumpier because of that second component, but it's in line with what we expect.
Andrew Cecere: Yes. So, I mean that sale is so impressed. Maybe I can just step back a little bit. That is very specific to third-party ATM processing and it's also the sale of our MoneyPass debit card network and so it's not related to our payments business. As I knew there was a little bit of confusion on that early, so I just want to make sure that actually--
Andrew Cecere: Yes. And the -- it would end up kind of dimensional, so 2017 revenue for that business on an annualized basis was $170 million. On a quarterly basis, third quarter, I believe the revenue was around $45 million and then the efficiency ratio of that business pretty similar to the rest of our company maybe a slightly higher, but pretty similar to the rest of our company. So, if you kind of take that information, you can get some sense, both in terms of fourth quarter and 2019. From a fourth quarter perspective, right now we anticipate that the sale will close at the end of October, but if not in October, then the end of November and we just have to kind of wait and see based upon regulatory approval.
Andrew Cecere: Well, one of the things we talked about is we are investing in both traditional as we talked about the expansion in our commercial banking business as well as more of the digital and payments businesses. We did an acquisition in the third quarter as we talked about we are continuing to expand our capabilities on our mobile application, our capabilities in terms of sales activity on that application. And everything you think about from an investment standpoint as a little bit of a digital focus on it. So that will continue. We have continued opportunity in terms of optimization of different business processes which we are working across the company in terms of our branch optimization across structures and where we are in this space and so forth. So, we have a number of things, a number of initiatives we're working on. And at a high level, actually I would describe it as continue to invest in the future while recognizing that some of the things that we've done in the past we can do better or do lesser.
Andrew Cecere: Yes, so the CapEx related to technology is about $1.2 billion. And as Terry and I have talked about in the past, our operating expense related that probably another $1.5 billion. So, if you combine the two, it's just over $2.5 billion, but the CapEx that we talked about is $1.2 billion.
Andrew Cecere: I can give it to you now. So, we have 18 million total customers. If I exclude single service customers, so some of our mortgage customers, card customers, and indirect customers who outside our market -- what they would call full banking customers were about 11 million and of 11 million about 50% use our digital platform.
Andrew Cecere: Yes, I want to be real clear on one thing it's not taking any more risk. Our credit box has not changed at all and we've been very prudent and strict around and disciplined for a long time and that is not changing at all. I think it's a function of all the things we talked about. It's expanding our customer base, gaining market share, it's our diversified portfolio. It's not in any one area or geography, it's a function of all those things. And that's why we're feeling pretty good about it going forward.
Andrew Cecere: Yes, we've opened up a few offices in the south, the Dallas area and the south -- and the southeast New York. We'll look at other opportunities like this and it's typically leveraging presence that we already have in the market. And we talked about that also thinking about our consumer expansion doing the same, building a customer base that we already have.
Andrew Cecere: I'm hopeful Saul, as I think about our balance sheet, our business mix, our risk profile, our trading book which is you know minimal, all those characteristics are more like a smaller regional bank or medium-sized regional bank there like the large money center banks. So, as you know 2155 [ph] talks about the tailoring shall occur and if you think about tailoring based on risk characteristics, I'm hopeful that we'll get some relief.
Andrew Cecere: Yes Gerard, I don't think our mix is all that different. I do think in those time periods, we were in the midst of acquiring corporate trust businesses that they have impacted the activity in the deposits because we were growing -- we've done 22 acquisitions in corporate trust over the years, many of them in the years that you describe. So, that may be a factor in the comps.
Andrew Cecere: We have. We completed our activity and our verification from an internal standpoint on June 30th consistent with our schedule. It now sits with the regulators and we're hopeful.
Terrance Dolan: Yes, John, let me talk a little bit about the expense question that we had. Again our focus is around being able to deliver that positive operating leverage. But at the end of looking at expenses, we're kind of focused on a lot of different areas. You mentioned the litigation accruals, that actually is not a very big driver of the overall change. If you think about on a year-over-year basis, the biggest drivers is that is -- one is related to tax credit amortization costs which are lower this year versus last year. And when you think about it with tax reform and us having lower tax expenses, the capacity that we generate in tax credit production allows us to generate both fee revenue through tax credit syndication, but also reduce our tax credit amortization and that's something that we believe is both sustainable over the long haul. The second thing that we've kind of talked about, our FDIC insurance is a little bit lower than what we expected and then if we think about our mortgage servicing costs, we continue to be just as the refi market has changed, et cetera, the mortgage servicing type of costs would come down and foreclosure related costs, et cetera. So, those are probably the biggest drivers. On a quarter -- on a linked-quarter basis, the tax credit amortization represents the majority of the change. So, those are things I would focus on.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. The biggest driver is really the FDIC rate as much as anything. And as we make capital decisions and other things and then if you think about kind of our risk profile, we are getting an FDIC kind of benefit from a rate standpoint, that's probably the biggest driver. And then I think your second question was really related to the surcharge. If you think about the surcharge, so -- if you think about the fourth quarter, we expect the surcharge to continue and until it ends, we're going to continue to expect it to be there. So, we'll wait for that decision. The impact to us on a quarterly basis is about $20 million related to that surcharge. So that kind of gives you some sense in terms of the size of it as well as you're thinking about that for the future.
Terrance Dolan: Yes, I mean, I think it's actually a combination of all of those things you think about it. I mean we've been talking about the fact that our pipelines have been getting stronger and M&A activity has been picking up. We've seen in our corporate payments business the spend by businesses in both discretionary and CapEx getting stronger. So, I think part of it is demand, at least, in terms of what we are seeing. I do -- we're also seeing the pay downs that we saw in late 2017 and in the second -- in the first half this year, those starting to moderate. They are still continuing, but I think they are moderating. And so, it is kind of a combination of all those different activities. I also think that as the long end of the curve has moved up, the opportunity within the capital market spaces -- that dynamic has changed a little bit. So, I think it's a combination of all of those different things. And we think -- as we think about the third quarter linked-quarter was up 0.9%, the fourth quarter will get a little stronger and we expect that to get stronger as we move into 2019 as well.
Terrance Dolan: Yes, well, I guess what we end up looking to utilization rates. We think as kind of stable it ends up balancing kind of up and down. I do believe that when you end up thinking about the optimism and capital expenditures that are -- that we are seeing, I do think that there's the opportunity for utilization to expand and so as we kind of think about that, that's a part of the equation let's say.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So, I think it's really kind of point to three things and I talked about some of those, but just let me just kind of reiterate. One is that our consumer deposits are growing. They grow -- they grew nicely both on a linked-quarter and year-over-year basis. So, I think that that's good and that that tells us that from prices standpoint, we feel pretty good about that and what we're seeing in that market is good. The large customer -- or the financial customer that was part of a business combination, we've known and we've anticipated that those balances are going to be migrating and we've been working with that customer to kind of know and understand timing. But to, kind of, give you some perspective, on a year-over-year basis, the decline is nearly 100% related to the fact that that customer migration is occurring. On a linked-quarter basis that represents about half of that. So, when we kind of take that into consideration, we know that that's going to moderate in the fourth quarter. When we look at the fourth quarter, we think about 2019 in particular, we actually think it's going to moderate and allow us to be able to grow deposits again.
Terrance Dolan: Yes, I mean I think -- again it's probably a combination of things that could be lumpiness. We're in different markets. We end up having a much bigger community banking market than maybe some of the other competitors have been describing. So, it probably is a combination of things. It's not necessarily one thing that we can kind of pinpoint, let's put it that way.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So, maybe a couple of things. We end up looking at net interest margin, of course, how it expands, how much better, is always a function of how your balance sheet ends up changing what sort of loan mix you have, et cetera. Certainly as we kind of think about deposits or funding costs, well, let me kind of step back, I think there's other reasons, our investment portfolio continues to be a creative as we as we see roll-off and that will continue at least through the vast majority of next year. So, I think there's a couple of things on the asset side that's positive. On the deposit side, I really think that -- and we've talked about this, deposit betas, they are at about 45%. We think they will migrate up to 50% whether it's this next rate hike or the following, but it's slowly moving in that direction. And our corporate trust and our wholesale deposit pricing is pretty much at terminal level. So, the movement of the deposit betas is really going to be more a function of how fast consumer deposits and the move in. And we are maybe seeing a little bit more competition in that particular space, but it hasn't been significantly greater. So, I think it's just kind of a function of all those different things.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So, on the investment side of the equation, if you think about our portfolio -- our investment portfolio, it has a duration of around four years which is what we've talked about. We are seeing a fairly significant amount of low yielding treasuries and those types of securities that are now rolling off. The -- its pretty consistent with what we talked about last quarter that that roll-off is accretive at a 100 to 125 basis points, so that that continually gives you the opportunity to be able to see some accretion with respect to that particular portfolio. Now, on the loan side, again, I would point to the fact that we've seen nice growth in residential and we've seen nice growth in our credit card and our consumer type of products. And that type of mix will be beneficial to us as we kind of look in the future and we would expect and anticipate that to continue.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So, with respect to leverage lending, that is something in terms of our balance sheet, we have never really had any significant amount of lending in that particular space. So, it's an area that we managed pretty tightly and again, it kind of is reflective of our credit risk profile. So, as we think about the next downturn, we feel like we'll be in a pretty good spot from a leverage lending point of view.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. Well, it's already incorporated into the tax rate that we have because when you think about when you establish your tax rate for the year, you think about the entire year in terms of what your tax credit production is going to be. So, it's already a low tax rate. Here's the way that I would think about it Erika. I do think that the tax credit amortization is going to be an opportunity, it's going to be something that's going to continue, but it also has a quarterly cycle to it. The third and fourth quarter happened to be your strongest production quarters and so tax credit amortization and the impact associated with it, tends to be more dramatic in the third and fourth quarter. So, there's a little bit of a seasonality. I guess if I were looking at it, I think the $377 million might be a little bit on the lower end of that range, but reasonable.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. Last year it went up about $60 million, this year it's probably close to $40 million that it will increase just because of tax credit amortization.
Terrance Dolan: Short answer to your question Erika is yes. The longer answer is we do expect credit to continue to be favorable, its 46 basis points in charge-off this quarter. The loan growth is the only reason we added to our reserve. Credit quality underlying that is very stable, but we have good loan growth, so we added to reserve and as we have done in the past. As we think about next year in terms of the revenue, we have some positives as I talked about earlier. It's both the combination of less -- fewer headwinds as well as continuing momentum in certain businesses. But as we've also said we'll manage expenses consistent with what we see from the revenue side equations, sort of like we did in this quarter. So, we expect to continue accelerated revenue opportunity next year and we're managing expenses with that in mind. If the revenue doesn't happen as we think, we'll manage expenses more prudently.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. Those are deposit outflows from the company and if you think about it was acquired by another financial institution and they wanted to bring those deposits under their balance sheet. And it's something that we have been anticipating, that's been a part of our NIM and our asset liability modeling process for well over a year.
Terrance Dolan: Now the other thing is that because of the corporate trust business, the size of our total deposits as a percentage of our total funding cost that even though our deposit pricing may be a little bit higher, our total funding costs are very competitive excuse me.
Terrance Dolan: Yes, that's a fair way to think about it. And just to be clear we've been at that spend level for a year and a half, two years, so that's in the numbers as we think about what we reported today.
Terrance Dolan: Yes, I mean as you said we're still kind of in the process of dimensioning it. 2019 is kind of our parallel year. If you end up looking across the entire industry, the entire industry is really in the process of kind of refining their models that they'll use as part of that process. I would anticipate that we'll have better dimension around what the size of that is later this year. And of course one of the factors that comes into play is what is your outlook with respect to the economy, et cetera, as you get closer to the adoption of it. So, lot of moving parts, but we're on track. We feel good about at lease the position that we're in in terms of us being able to adopt it.
Terrance Dolan: Yes, that's the interesting thing about CECL, it is very product dependent in terms of within the company, in terms of what the impact of it's going to be. To the extent that you have longer live or longer duration assets like mortgages and that type of product, you're going to actually have a bigger negative impact or increasing the reserve that's going to come into play. The area kind of -- to me it's a little counterintuitive, but commercial real estate is one of those -- especially on a construction site where you tend to get a little bit of benefit. But we really have to kind of look at the total mix. It's a little bit of a moving dynamic.
Terrance Dolan: Yes, I mean I think we've kind of covered all the dynamics that are taking place. On a year-over-year basis, again, the decline is 100% related to this part of our customer. Consumer deposits are growing. When we think about 2019, we do expect growth in deposits and I think that'll be kind of consistent with low single-digits. It will be kind of tied to economic growth, et cetera. But I don't think that we -- there's any unusual sort of dynamics that we haven't talked about.
Terrance Dolan: Yes, we have been looking at the dynamics. We certainly are seeing a lift from consumer spending getting stronger. Our sales volumes have been quite strong in that 8% sort of range if you will. The biggest issue on kind of in terms of both year-over-year growth and then kind of how it started to accelerate is really the fact that a year ago, we're starting to overlap the joint ventures that we had -- we've kind of talked a little bit about. But the overall business we've been making some investments in terms of both capabilities, industry verticals, variety of different things which I think as we kind of think about the future is going to continue to enable us to be able to expand revenue.
Terrance Dolan: Yes, I mean short answer is we really don't have any plans to restructure our investment portfolio at this time.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. I don't necessarily -- I can't necessarily kind of point to something like that. I mean I do think that when you end up looking -- and a lot of people end up talking about compensating balances as kind of being that offset or whatever, but I mean our core treasury management growth is about a little under 1% and the drag is really related to the rising rate environment, but there's nothing that I would specifically point to Kevin.
Terrance Dolan: Kevin it depends a bit on the revenue side of the equations. So, we're managing the company for positive operating leverage and we'll manage expenses as we think about it consistent with the revenue opportunities. So, the numbers aren’t going to be specific, it's going to be relative to what we think on the revenue side.
Terrance Dolan: Yes, I mean I think Erika kind of talked a little bit about the averages associated with other expenses. I mean other expenses tends to be a little bit lumpy. It depends upon what businesses are growing, foreclosure, reserves, -- foreclosure or costs and those types of things in terms of how those are changing. So, I would say that the $377 million is probably on the lower end of that band. And -- so when you kind of think about the future, I really think looking at kind of the averages associated with other expenses is probably a reasonable way to look at it.
Terrance Dolan: Yes, so more of that was really related to the tax credit syndications that we were able to do in the third quarter. And again in the third quarter and the fourth quarter, those tend to be a little bit stronger; it will tend to be a little bit stronger. Now, we have the opportunity to be able to do that if we think about a kind of a full year basis because of the fact that we have a very good and strong production base of tax credit and because we can't -- we don't have the capacity to use all of them, we have the option to be able to syndicate them. So, I think when you think about on a full year basis, there is kind of a little bit of a step-up associated with it, but it tends to be a little lumpy in the third and fourth quarter because of the -- just the timing of when that production occurs.
Terrance Dolan: At the high level we announced that the tax improvement in the fourth quarter of 2017, we also announced the step-up on some spend activity, particularly related to digital and payments and so forth. So, that is -- the numbers that we talked about incorporate both sides of the equation which is what we're seeing right now.
Terrance Dolan: Yes, I mean whatever your assumption is with respect to the surcharge in the future, I mean that's kind of where that ends up getting the impact. I mean your point is well taken I think that I wouldn’t just focus on other expenses though. I'd focus on how we're managing the overall expenses. We've got opportunity with respect to the plans and risk programs and mortgage servicing and a whole variety of different things. So, I know there's been -- and I think my horse might be dead. I wouldn’t just focus on other expenses, let's put it that way.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. It’s a good question. We certainly hope that it is. The end of looking at commercial real estate as we said, pay downs were particularly strong. Before tax reform, a lot of commercial real estate developers were derisking, taking a lot of things off -- a lot of their chips off the table and they were paying down and then they had the uptrend to be in the capital market space. So, those were definitely some headwinds. We haven't necessarily changed -- we haven't changed with respect to our credit box. We're still not -- we're not doing anything crazy from a structural standpoint. So, we are optimistic that it is at an inflection point and no, big part of it is just the pay downs that we saw earlier in the year and have really started to slow.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. Well, as we said, I mean when we think about the opportunity for NIM to expand, we still think there's opportunity for expansion.
