Richard K. Davis: Thanks, Andy. Last Friday, Andy and I had the honor of commemorating the 150th anniversary of the signing of our national bank charter, by ringing the closing bell at the New York Stock Exchange. We were joined on the stage by 10 U.S. Bank employees who proudly represented and celebrated the rich heritage that they and their coworkers, along with many who came before them, have helped to create and build over the past 150 years. Importantly, as we took that moment to observe and reflect on our past, we also celebrate the present and the strong foundation upon which we are building our company's future. U.S. Bancorp posted record earnings for the second quarter, while once again achieving industry-leading profitability metrics. We continue to build our future as we have in the past by investing in our well-diversified mix of businesses, by maintaining prudent risk management, by focusing on operating integrity and compliance, by sustaining strong capital and liquidity and by providing superior returns for our shareholders. As always, we remain focused on producing consistent, predictable and repeatable results for the benefit of our customers, our employees, our communities and our shareholders. That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Bill and I would now be happy to answer questions from our audience.
Richard K. Davis: Jack, it's Richard. I think it's what you are predicting and it's what we've been saying for a long time, the first good movement we'll see on bank balance sheets is customers using their own deposits. And I'm happy to report, our deposits, while they were up, the number of customers with deposits was up as well. But the customers who already have deposits that are using some of those to, we think, employ them in some form of growth. After that, we would hope to see our lines of credit, especially in the wholesale side move from a utilization of 25% to anything -- 26% would be great. We used to be at like in the mid to high-30% utilization level. So there's a significant amount of pent-up opportunity and customers are paying for those lines to have them available and to keep them current. And then finally, there may be new lines and loans that will occur, particularly on the large end, when some transactions start to belie underlying growth. I will say, we do read it like you do. I think it's a positive that it's not growing anymore than that, as long as the number of customers are growing. And to follow our prior comments, I do think we're starting to see some of these green shoots that we mentioned 90 days ago, as being real and sustainable, and more green shoots. It's not a rush to a huge recovery, but it's absolutely and positively no longer a concern of going backwards. We're just seeing customers being thoughtful, careful. But one at a time, they're starting to get more comfortable about their future and they're starting to invest, starting with their deposits, sometimes getting lines of credit with the intent to use, and in many cases, starting to make decisions that have long-term outcomes for the long view of the economy.
Richard K. Davis: The whole payments business is, 59% is our issuing business. And the 29% falls in -- 39% falls in the Elavon or merchant acquiring, and 10% falls in the corporate payment side in terms of revenue. And to start with your question, the corporate payments is about 1/3 of that is government and that continues to be down 20% year-over-year, particularly based on government spending, probably some of the trickle effect of the sequester and certainly just the budget increase or decreases that have been evident on the federal side. But the rest of it continues to actually start showing some support again. The PCAR growth is up 13% over last year. We're starting to see a flattening and a stabilization of T&E for the first time, year-to-date. So on the corporate side, while it's 10% of the total, the government piece, which is 1/3 of that, is still under some form of stress, but the rest is starting to show some positive trajectories. As it relates to the Elavon, which is our merchant acquiring, which also has a nice diversification of geographies, it's a global business, we're continuing to see growth in same-store sales that would reflect what you've seen in the statistics that both the federal government and some of the European government has said. So there's a nice second quarter lift there. We'll have pretty stable margins in terms of how we get paid. And we're actually quite encouraged by what we see on the Elavon side, both domestically and globally. And then finally, on the bigger part of it, the 59%, which is led by our issuing side, we're also seeing nice support there. As you know, the average net receivables or the outstandings were slightly down year-over-year, and that's particularly because people are just starting to have a higher payment activity and the payment rates were probably 1.5% higher than they were last quarters or last year, so people are starting to pay them off. But they're using the card. And so credit's been -- was up almost 3% year-over-year, following another 3% in quarter 1's growth. So we're seeing active accounts growing nicely. They're using their card more often. They have -- they're right now, they're paying them back more prudently. And at the end of the day, that will slow and they'll start to let that outstanding roll over and that will be another benefit. The credit card sales for us is 9% year-over-year absent the portfolio that we sold. And I couldn't be more optimistic about the payments business, as you see a nice trend in quarter 2, we should continue to see that growth.
Richard K. Davis: Good question. And I own that, good question because I tell you, we shoot for positive operating leverage every year. I think we are still very much in the game to be able to create positive operating leverage, even in the next couple of quarters, but it will be more challenging. And here's my real clear direction for you. As much as mortgages will probably be down, mortgage revenue, in the next couple of quarters, just based on the elements, and you know we're a heavy purchase shop, so our decrease might not be as significant as some of you reported. But I'm not going to take an expense reduction into important investments in the next quarter or two just to accommodate lower mortgage revenue until which time the middle of the curve starts to bend up. And if it does and the market starts to get stronger, then I think we'll be fine. So I'm not going to do any near-term adjustments just to appeal to a finally [ph] negative operating leverage if that's what it has to be, but we are going to continue to watch our expenses. The cost of compliance, as you recall, about a year ago, but in particular, the consent order, was almost $50 million a quarter, and that is trimmed down now to a substantially less, call it, $5 million to $10 million a quarter, as we wind down some of those mortgage-related activities. But I will tell you that we've continued to add compliance personnel and compliance protocols across the company to accommodate this higher requirement that we achieve near perfection on all of our operating activities. And so not all of that 50 is going to be given back. Most of it, however, though, Ken, is burned into the current run rate and you'll see it stabilize. I'm just a little concerned that mortgage might drop off more than I can accommodate in expense reduction dollar-per-dollar and we're not going to overachieve on that because I don't want to suffocate the future.
Richard K. Davis: Yes, and just to put an exclamation point, Steve, we really like our position. We like our size, we like our simplicity, we like our diversification. As it relates to capital leverage and liquidity, we think we're substantially where we need to be before any fine-tuning that needs to occur. And I think all the rules that come out continue to remind us that being not a G-SIB is a positive outcome, but being big enough to matter. And being able to manage a very significant portfolio of a simple balance sheet allows us to be in a pretty good shape and we like the future we have.
Richard K. Davis: Yes, good question, Steve. A couple of things. One is we're going to continue to build our Wealth Management businesses. As you know, we started this trip 3 years ago. It was the one piece of the puzzle I didn't think U.S. Bank had sufficiently demonstrated leadership, and not only in our Wealth Management, but in our ultra-high net worth, under a brand called Ascent. We'll continue to open those offices. We're continuing to provide technology to our teams to create a unique experience and you'll see our continued expense initiatives in Wealth Management. Secondarily, you all know that we've just recently bought a company called FSV earlier this year in Florida, which is a prepaid card provider and processor. We continue to extend our position there. We now have no third-party partners in any part of prepaid because we have cradle-to-grave capability and a significant leadership position. I want to continue to add to that investment and build a stronger and a unique position of strength for prepaid as it adds to our card provision. And then finally, Corporate Trust, which you know we recently took across the pond and continue to see opportunities even outside of America to grow our Corporate Trust business. We've recently become more of a provider on hedge fund servicing and other areas by some recent acquisitions. There will be more where that came from. It could be both in the form of M&A or in the form of organic growth, but I'd say those 3 areas which are the 3 areas that continue to make us unique: payments, Corporate Trust and Special Wealth Management growth. I think those are areas you'd want us to invest in. They've got great trajectory now and I want continue that momentum so that when the world is better and ready to roll, we'll already be there.
Richard K. Davis: And Erika, it's Richard. It will be down unless rates were to turn. This thing turns so fast. We'd be crazy to try to predict the next 10 weeks when we can't see it that far. But we also have a -- always had a focus on purchase. So it's coming our way as a real base to what we're being good at and what we're focusing our market reputation on. And as you'll also remember, we never were as big on a HARP kind of a product, which is probably more likely to be one of the victims of increasing rates. And we didn't rely on that a lot because we didn't have a portfolio that allowed us to have much to refi. So in some cases, we probably should do better than average, but it will definitely be down and we're projecting the second half of the year to be less than the first half.
Richard K. Davis: Yes, that's a really good way to think of it because we never set that target, it's always a result. But I can tell you that low-50s and where we have been forever. And especially in the last few years, by quarter, that should not change materially. That we will protect that. And I can tell you, I know we can because mortgage isn't the only thing that's growing around here and it will just be one of the components we'll keep an eye on. So I'm glad you heard me, because I don't want to be dollar-for-dollar and be shortsighted. We've been working for 5 years to grow a substantial amount of momentum and become a revenue company, not an expense company, and I'd hate to slow that down this last stage and we're going to be very protective of it.
Richard K. Davis: Yes. It's definitely not a concern based on what we've read, like you have. We're entirely an acquirer, not an issuer, and a processor. So the issuers are where that is, the gun sights are pointed in that topic. And as you said, there is an opportunity for us, particularly given our close-loop capability in our own proprietary product, that we believe this could be a net positive for us as a leading acquirer and processor. So we don't see it as a negative. We're trying to understand whether it's a positive, but we're not worried about it.
Richard K. Davis: A couple of banks followed us, but it didn't hurt our volume and we're actually feeling that we've green fenced [ph] a little bit of the risk. The real issue here, Betsy, as you know, is going to be, if the banks as an entity can compete effectively with the captives who are not part of the CFPB's oversight, and that's a long time to be determined. And as it relates to our position against both of those entities, we're growing market share and we like the business, so we're going to continue to find ways to expand, not only in geographies, but also in product types that are start to emerge as rates start to go up.
Richard K. Davis: I'd say here, as it turns out, I was surprised, but I thought there might be a bit of a tsunami effect or a cash-for-clunkers effect where we get a pent-up demand and anybody who still hadn't refi would come into the game now. And it doesn't seemed to have happened. I mean, it seems that people are still moving at kind of a snail's pace. So if they still see a deal that's better than the one they have, they'll come in. But we're not seeing that kind of onetime surprise that I thought we might have. That relates to mortgage. But until short-term interest rates start to move, we won't expect to see a great deal of effect on the commercial and wholesale side, although I do still predict there will be a bit of a rush to the gates when that starts to become a real thing. And we haven't seen that triggered yet and I think that will be an upper for wholesale lending at that moment in time, which could be a few quarters out.
Richard K. Davis: Dan, we haven't seen any activity. I mean, I could pick it up, I wouldn't. But, I mean, I can make it sound interesting, but we haven't. We've had no approaches of any significance. We're not approaching anyone. Like you, I read about the small banks continuing to cobble together to find some critical mass, which makes total sense to me. Because the cost of compliance and just regulatory costs are easier by a larger base. But really, none. I mean, it couldn't be more dormant. And our interest couldn't be lower either. So I think as to an opportunity, we're not playing that indeed right now.
Richard K. Davis: Yes, that actually, that feels a little more heated. Because, first of all, we're known to be an acquirer -- an active acquirer. We're known to -- we'll talk to anybody. I've said this before, but a few folks that created the great idea in a garage that's got payments unique that's attached to it, we'll talk to them. And some of the deals we look at are typically privately-held businesses. They're smaller than you would probably ever read about, but these are groups of people that either don't want to go out and raise the second round, the third round of capital and they want to be part of something bigger. In many cases, we can bring them in to be part of the company as well or sometimes they just sell and move on. But I would say, we have a very active list of M&A opportunities. Fewer as a percentage would come to the end, but it's not for a lack of having looked and seeing interest. And people know us, so they're coming at us.
Richard K. Davis: Let me add one last -- we didn't get a question on it, so I'm going to create my own. Richard, what do you think about the growth of loan volume? We went from 1% linked quarter in quarter 1 to actually 1.25% in quarter 2. We have enough of a view to see that, that will go up in quarter 3. I don't know exactly how far because things -- we still have 10 weeks to go. But we are seeing -- here's how I would characterize it. Our flight-to-quality, which we've talked about for many quarters, many couple of years now, has become the real deal and it's certainly brought us a lot of good market share in the years going into this downturn. It's now becoming into a kind of phase 2 where we, we're invited into a lot of transactions and a lot of customers, at the depths of the recession, when they wanted a strong -- you know our highest ratings held [ph]. And now, they're rolling these over and we're getting invited back in at higher positions. We're invited in, in some cases, to lead transactions. And of course, the other business that comes with it is amazing. So for us to try to articulate why in a basically flat loan growth market we are growing now, and why we still think that can continue and in fact grow. I do think the secret sauce in U.S. Bank's business line is that we've got this flight-to-quality that's now turning into a -- we auditioned, we performed well, and now we're getting the lead part. And that's a really a good thing to see at this point and stage. And then as these commitments, we never talk enough about our commitments have continued to grow faster than our loans outstanding. And as you all, as analysts, know, the minute and if those actually get used, whoever has the line of credit has established themselves as the first among few to be the one to draw on, that's going to be the next round of loan growth, notwithstanding new customers. So we love our positioning there, we're actually fairly opportunistic and we're going to tell you that in an optimistic way to give you a sense that we see sustainability there.
Andrew Cecere: So Jessica, let me tell you, first, from the perspective of what occurred in the second quarter. From a production standpoint, repurchase activity went from about 71% of the book in the first quarter to about 59% in the second quarter. And applications were also down about 10 points in terms of refinancing. I would expect that trend to continue. We do expect, again it's early in the quarter, but given the current rates there, I expect mortgage revenue will be down a bit, given the rates are today and we'll continue to update throughout the quarter.
Andrew Cecere: Well, the new rule effectively increased our cap ratio about 30%. Our binding constraints Tier 1 common under the standard -- 30 basis points, Tier 1 common under the Basel III standard. So last quarter, we were at 8.2%, using the same calculation, we would have been at 8.3% this quarter and the new calculation allowed us to get to 8.6%. 8.6% is about where -- above where we think we need to be. Our internal guideline is about 8%. And that is based on an assumed SIFI buffer of 50 basis points and an additional internal buffer of 50 basis points. So I think from a capital standpoint, we're in very good shape. We're not in a situation where we're trying to build capital to a level nor are we in a situation that we're overcapitalized and have no use for the capital. So when we're in a situation like we are today, where we're returning about 70% and reinvesting 30%, it allows us to reinvest at a level to accommodate the loan growth and earning asset growth that you're seeing. So we're in a really good spot. It allows us to make the investments we need to make, at the same time, allow for the growth that we are seeing right now.
Andrew Cecere: What I would say, Erika, is the first quarter is seasonally low and then we had a little bit of a positive insurance recoveries and other expense. And I think the second quarter is more reflective of our run rate of expense with normal increases. So I would use second quarter as more of the basis for expense.
Andrew Cecere: Right. So first, Erika, as you know, mortgage application, or gain-on-sale revenue is one component of mortgage revenue. There are other puts and takes, including servicing revenue, the net hedge and so forth. So my expectation is not have our mortgage revenue decline to the level you just described. It's going to be less than that, but I do think it will go down. Application volume is a component of that, but there are a lot of gives and takes. And again, we'll update as we see more throughout the quarter, but I do expect mortgage revenue to be down a little bit, principally due to the gain on sale, principally due to applications, but there are some offsets.
Andrew Cecere: This is Andy. There's a bit of a shift to more of a shorter duration, as you described, and a little bit perhaps more on the variable rate. I will also tell you that, which we're putting on balance sheet, our Smart Refinance product has always been shorter in terms of the term there, closer to the 15-year. So the 30-year is not impacting that as much, and the decline is coming on the mortgage production in the 30-year, but there is some shift to shorter terms.
Andrew Cecere: Yes, Jon. So we talked about the fact that I expected the margin pressure to be worse in the first quarter, 5% in the second quarter and start to dissipate as we got in the second half of the year. So it's not a unique third quarter event. It's just a function of our reinvestment rates coming closer to our rates currently on the books, and currently rolling off. So we talked about that happening. It is happening, and we do expect the relative stability.
P. W. Parker: Yes, this is Bill. Part of that is really a timing thing as we brought more of the collection activities in-house on the recovery side. Not all of the recovery collection activities, but some of them. But as we do that, that delays the recognition of the recovery. But I don't expect it to have a material long-term impact, so it's really more of a timing issue.
P. W. Parker: Betsy, this is Bill. Yes, we had a strong auto quarter, both loans and leases. And we anticipate that to be a strong third quarter, too. We obviously can monitor the new car sales. So we get a good sense of what our market share is, and in the second quarter, we definitely grew market share. It's a competitive space, but we've made the right investments to be successful there. We've been in the business a long time and we're very good at it.
P. W. Parker: No. When that came out, we took action immediately, and narrowed the amount of dealer reserve discretion. We had no negative consequences to that. I think our dealers all understood it. We worked with them and we've seen increase in volume since then.
P. W. Parker: Yes, I can speak to that. This is Bill. We've seen -- for several quarters now, we've seen multifamily being kind of the lead property class for demand. And for us, we've seen good new construction activity in Seattle, both Bay Area and Southern California, and then Houston. Those have been the primary areas for us. In other areas, we have seen some hotel/motel lodging demand that's picked up a little bit. That's strong pretty much in all the coastal cities. So those are the primary areas that we've seen Commercial Real Estate growth.
