Andrew Cecere: Thanks, Jen, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our call. Following our prepared remarks, Terry and I will take your questions. I'll begin on Slide 3. In the second quarter, we reported earnings per share of $1.09. Despite our more challenging interest rate environment for the banking industry that has seen in some time, we delivered strong financial results supported by top line revenue growth and positive operating leverage of 1%. Loan and deposit trends improved compared with the first quarter, and we saw a broad-based momentum across our key businesses driven by account and volume growth. Credit quality remained stable, and we continue to prudently manage operating expense, while appropriately investing for the future.  Turning to capital management. Our book value per share increased by 9.7% from a year ago. During the quarter, we returned 79% of our earnings to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. In June, we received the results of our CCAR submission, and the Federal Reserve did not object to our capital plan, which included a dividend increase of 13.5%.  Slide 4 provides key performance metrics. In the second quarter, we delivered a return on average common equity of 15% and a return on average assets of 1.55%. Our return on tangible common equity was 19.2%. Our efficiency ratio improved both on a linked-quarter and year-over-year basis. Now let me turn the call over to Terry who'll provide more detail on the quarter as well as forward-looking guidance.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks, Terry. The U.S. economy remains healthy, the jobs market is robust and the business and consumer confidence remains supportive of favorable consumer spending, parent as well as related business investment. While the flattening yield curve has created a more challenging interest rate environment, our core deposit franchise, interest deposit mix and consistent risk management philosophy puts us in a strong relative position from which we will navigate. Fundamental transient needs for our major key businesses are healthy and importantly, are being fueled by growth in new accounts and expansion of existing relationships, which in turn is driving strong volume growth.  Our loan growth came in a little better than we had anticipated in the second quarter, and we are confident in our ability to win market share across our consumer as well as commercial portfolios.  We are investing in the future with digital initiatives a key focus. As you can see on Slide 13, loan sales are being increasingly sourced through our digital channels. We expect this trend to continue with the expected outcome a better customer experience, higher account and volume growth and improved operational efficiency. The success of our digital mortgage program continues to meet or exceed our expectations. Currently, over 80% of all mortgage loan applications are completed digitally.  Small business lending is another area where meaningful digital migration is occurring. As a reminder, last fall we launched a portal that allows small business customers to apply for and fund a loan up to $250,000 entirely, digitally and [indiscernible] consumer reaction has been extremely positive. In June, about 25% of applications for loans of this size used our digital portal. And year-to-date, book loan volume in this category is up 7% versus the same period a year ago. To summarize, the second quarter came in as we expected, and we are well positioned as we head into the second half of the year. I'd like to thank our employees for their hard work and dedication, which drove these results. That concludes our formal remarks. We will now open up the call for Q&A.
Andrew Cecere: So good summary, Terry. And just to reiterate about half of that decline in net interest margin is not impactful at all to net interest income. It's just a little higher asset offset by a little lower rate due to that regulatory change that you talked about. And I think when we're all set and done that we expect on a year-over-year basis, net interest income to be up in that very low single digit range given the rate declines that we expect here, and as Terry talked about, in the second half of the year.
Andrew Cecere: And John, specifically to your question, we'll continue to manage expense reflective of the revenue environment. And we still continue to expect that full year operating leverage in that 1% to 1.5%. The revenues [indiscernible] will be at the lower end of that range.
Andrew Cecere: And then, John, this is Andy. On the expense side of the equation importantly, we continue to invest in a number of our technology and digital initiatives, while at the same time optimizing the current business structure, and I think that put and take of those 2 things will drive the expense growth to the low side, so that we're managing consistent with the revenue environment.
Andrew Cecere: So Betsy, this is Andy. That's starting to come back. As we talked about late in 2018 into the first quarter of '19, that started to weaken a little bit. But we've seen sequential improvement in each month, and now it's closer to that 5%, 5.5%, 6% range which is still a little bit below early last year, but starting to get back to normal levels.
Andrew Cecere: I think, Terry, what you said was the betas for corporate trust and wholesale will continue to be high if they come down, something like that.
Andrew Cecere: And I'd add, I think the team has done a terrific job of accelerating our greatest software vendor capabilities as well as our omnichannel capabilities and importantly, integrating with the other banking components so that we have a full set of products and capabilities that we can offer our middle-market and small business customers. So those activities are, I think, also driving the growth in a very positive way.
Andrew Cecere: Yes. We have three sort of segments or branches, 1,000 in community, just under 1,000 in-store and outside and just over 1,000 in Metro. What we said is we're not going to exit communities. So we are not going to exit and have no branch standing in the community market we're currently in, but we do have some opportunity in community markets to rationalize or consolidate branches particularly, those that are close together, and that's also true for the in-store. So it is not only focused in Metro. The other thing I mentioned to you is that, that 10% to 15% is a net number. That includes optimization, moving 2 branches to a better location, entering new markets like we've announced in Charlotte, so forth. So that's a net number across all categories.
Andrew Cecere: I don't think the rate backdrop is directly impactful to it. I think what we're trying to do is enter new markets where we already have a large employee base, a customer base that have 1 or 2 or 3 other products that, that U.S. Bank in their wallet, but don't have a full banking relationship and trying to extend that relationship using the data and things that would be valuable to that customer, regardless of the rate environment.
Andrew Cecere: We have read the white paper, and we've had a number of discussions on it. I think it's in the early stages, Gerard, so I don't think there's immediate impact, but we have a number of initiatives going out with our payments. We're trying to understand the impact, but not only that but really optimizing the new real time reals that have been built and are being used -- a number of used cases across the company. The migration of treasury management moving to corporate payments activities and the impact on the consumer side to all the real time activity that's occurring. So it is one component of a more substantial change that's occurring in the environment, which is around payments overall, which is very impactful and very much something we're focused on.
Andrew Cecere: Yes. So as you know, most of our recent transactions have been nondepository. They've been either current portfolio's payments capabilities, trust, things of that sort, technology capabilities. And I think that will continue to be a focus for us. As we talked about, we are working on entering new markets without an acquisition, but in it's concept of a digital-first branch-light strategy. So I think that is a new way to enter a market. It might be more efficiently and effectively without paying a big premium and having attrition that occurs after the back. So if we were looking at anything larger, and we'll look at all opportunities, it would have to be substantial, it would have to be meaningful. And we'd also have to wait that transaction against the great momentum that we have across the company right now across many of the businesses and think about it from a long-term perspective. So we'll consider all those things, but I wouldn't expect us to enter a new market with a small depository acquisition, given our other opportunities to do that.
Andrew Cecere: It's just starting, Gerard. So we -- in fact, in the next month, we will have the first branch there and we'll -- the others are -- will come after that, so it's too early in the game to tell.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. This is Terry. So I think part of that resiliency is just loan growth and where we end up seeing so that -- kind of a mix of loan growth. I think that was one of the major drivers. The -- we continue to have a little bit of accretion with respect to the investment portfolio and of course, the change in yield curve came very late in the quarter. So I think there's just a number of drivers like that. Then the -- if you think about net interest margin, our outlook, if you think about for the third quarter, our current forecast assumes a 2-rate decline for the rest of 2019, one in the end of July and one in September. And the long end of the curve staying essentially kind of where it. And as a result of that, we're going to see some pressure with respect to net interest margin during the second half of the year, okay? When we think about the margin, our expectation is, it is going to decline in the high single digits in the third quarter, and there are two reasons for that: the first one has really no impact on net interest income.  And let me talk a little bit about that. So while half of the impact is due to a change in the regulatory -- in a European regulatory policy that has the effect of restricting our ability to include these balances in the LCR ratio. It is an industry-wide policy change by the European regulatory agencies, but because LCR is a binding constraint for us, we will have to increase our liquidity position by purchasing HQLA securities and funding this growth through borrowings that'll have similar sort of rates. So earning assets will grow, and that will offset the impact of about half of the change in net interest margin. The other half of net interest margin will decline because -- directly related to our expectation of the decline in rate as well as where the long-term yields are right now.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So let me answer the first question first. So on the fourth quarter related to the build in liquidity, that will be fully in the run rate because it really becomes effective for us July 1. So we are already kind of executing against that. So that'll be fully in the run rate. As we think about the fourth quarter. The fourth quarter, we will -- in the third quarter we will see -- we expect to see a rate cut at the end of July and then in September. And so that -- obviously, assets will start to price down immediately and deposit will -- deposit pricing will kind of come down over time. So I would expect that in the fourth quarter, you're going to continue to see more pressure with respect to net interest margin, and that's just kind of the dynamics of the balance sheet.
Terrance Dolan: Stable to hear. Yes, I think that -- I mean essentially, again, we think about net interest income being relatively stable relative to where it is in the second quarter, relatively flat.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So our goal, I think, in 2020 continues to be that 100 to 150 basis points. We'll end up having to manage through the rate environment, of course, making decisions short term versus long-term investments that we end up needing to make. But as we think about 2020, we'll continue to have that as our goal that we expect to achieve. Where we might have saw more expansion in a -- based upon what conditions were at the beginning of this year, that may continue to stay more at the lower end of the range. But we'll have to just see how revenues develop.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. I think for us -- I mean in the second half of the year -- again, I think just given the revenue environment on the net interest income side of the equation, that, that will be harder to achieve. But again, I think it depends upon how strong the fee income growth is as we go into the second half of the year. And again, we're seeing nice acceleration with respect to our payments and our mortgage banking businesses, et cetera. So that's going to be kind of the wildcard there.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So if you think of -- and again, you can kind of do the math based upon some of our asset liability disclosures, but 25 basis point cut on a short end only probably has a $40 million to $45 million sort of impact to us. So that's kind of how we dimension it. And then the -- if you end up looking at kind of on a shock basis I guess, if you will, that would be $80 million to $90 million of the cost of -- across the curve.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So our expectation, when we think about the third quarter, is that it certainly has come down in terms of the amount of accretion that you have. We still think there's opportunity for 20 to 25 basis points of accretion on the investment portfolio. I think in the short term though, we're going to see some pressure with respect to premium amortization that may offset that.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. And again, it kind of depends on what ends up happening with respect to yield curve. So if premium amortization starts to neutralize, it would have a little bit of a positive impact.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. I think it continues to be beneficial through the rest of the year and it -- for a couple of different reasons. Some of the benefit is because of the refinance activity on the -- because of the change in the long end of the curve. But refinancings continue to be only about 30% of our overall volume. So a lot of that volume pickup for us, I think, is driven more by things like the investments we've made in our digital channel, the investments we've made in terms of the retail side of the channel versus the corresponding side of the equation. And the fact that -- because of that investment on the retail side of the equation, we've expected margins to start to improve. So we're going to see the benefit of higher margins because of that mix of business, but also on the purchase side of the equation, volumes have been very strong. So we expect the -- to see a pick up in the second half and start to continue.
Terrance Dolan: And if you think about our payments base, that 5% and 5.5%, which Andy talked about, but on the merchant side that's closer to about 9%.
Terrance Dolan: Merchant acquiring volumes. And again, I think that is tied to some of the investments that we've been making in the business on the integrated software solutions, et cetera. And then the sales volumes on the corporate payment side of the equation continue to hold up. That's really more kind of in the 6% range, so it's lower than it was a year ago, but it's still quite strong. And those types of things give us some confidence with respect to where the economy is as well.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. I would say that with respect to loan growth in the second quarter, not a lot of acceleration in terms of paydowns. We continue to see it in the Commercial Real Estate side of the equation. And so where we say that there's going to be pressure, I think it's really more in Commercial Real Estate. And I guess based upon where we're at in the economic cycle, I think we're fine with that. And those paydowns will come because of increased capital market, sort of, activity based upon where Commercial Real Estate developers can't refinance their projects. But if you -- when we think about kind of our outlook from a loan standpoint, again, I think consumer spending continues to be strong. GDP is holding up okay, unemployment is just fine. The -- we're seeing good growth in terms of the middle market space and really kind of across most regions in the country. So we just think that there's a lot of signs that would suggest that, that loan growth is going to continue, M&A activity pipeline, et cetera. So we feel fairly confident about where we're at right now.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. And again, on the middle-market side of the equation, it -- if you think about just kind of core commercial C&I, our growth was on a linked-quarter basis, 2-plus percent. I think it did -- there was a little bit of an offset or drag because of the agricultural lending that we have. And again, that's just kind of where the farming economy is at this particular point in time. We don't do a lot of land financing, our's is really tied more to farm operations, and the exposure to ag for us is really not that significant. So the -- I think manufacturing continues to hold up reasonably well. It may be a little bit lower than what it's been in the past, but for us, our middle-market business is pretty diversified across many different industries and across our entire footprint. So based upon what we're seeing right now, we would expect that to continue to hold.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So again, just to kind of give a reminder. If you think about our deposit base, about half of it is retail and about half of it is corporate and trust. And the retail deposit betas in the movement up was fairly inelastic, so you didn't see a lot of moment with respect to deposit pricing there. But our corporate trust and our wholesale deposits tended to be much more sensitive, as you can imagine. So when you think about a declining rate environment, we believe that deposit betas are going to come down in the corporate trust world reasonably fast as rate cuts are occurring, but you're just not going to see as much with respect to retail.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. I think if you end up looking out to 2020 and you're assuming the rate cuts are occurring, I think that because of our mix of corporate trust and wholesale, that we, on a comparative basis, are going to perform pretty well. So that's going to be more sensitive and deposit price is going to come down more quickly in the [indiscernible].
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So if you think about compensation of that 8% range, I mean that really was a period of time when we were building our risk and compliance in different areas with respect to investments in the business. So that was unusually high. And as we've said that kind of started to moderate in late 2017, certainly 2018. 2019 I think is kind of -- all of that has normalized. When I think about a 2% to 3% sort of compensation range, we certainly think that we can manage within that level for an extended period of time, and I think that will help us. Some of that compensation obviously, is tied to revenue, for example, in the capital market space or some of the wealth management areas. But -- so it'll be somewhat dependent upon what sort of revenue streams we see on the P side of the equation, but that would be a good thing.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. I mean, Ken, we always have interest recoveries that are occurring. I think the reason why we want to highlight that a bit is simply because we're at the -- at -- we're at the late end of the business cycle and just given where credit has been for an extended period of time, we just don't know whether or not that will continue. So it's more of just trying to highlight that a little bit because of where we're at in the business cycle.
Terrance Dolan: I would say it was kind of normalized, but maybe a little bit high given where we're at in the business cycle.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. I mean other income includes a lot of different things. It includes tax indication revenues, it includes some of the transition revenue related to our ATM sales -- leading the sale of our ATM business. And that will continue through 2020, but it'll start to dissipate as we go through that conversion. On the equity investment side of the equation, we still think there's opportunity there.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. Certainly, from a capital management standpoint, there's going to be benefit because of the AOCI and then on the liquidity side that'll help us as well. We really -- we'll have to wait until -- or we're going to wait until we have clarity with respect to the adoption of that and then, kind of, make decisions, both with respect to capital management and LCR. We've talked about in the past that we think that there's the opportunity to bring down HQLA by that $10 billion to $15 billion range and either redeploy it or think about the investment security portfolio. On a capital management side, we're at 9.5% today. And once we have clarity around CECL and the tailoring rules, we would expect are managing that back down closer to the 8.5% target.
Terrance Dolan: Well, we're certainly taking into consideration what we expect rates to do to premium amortization. I think the -- for us anyway, there is just a little bit of a lag. Most of the -- most significant change is that of occurring very late in June. And so I know the way that we end up accounting for it, it'll end up coming really more so through the third quarter than it was in the second quarter, just the way we end up accounting for it.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. And again, that's assuming that the rate curve kind of stays where it is in terms of what the impact's going to be going forward.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So certainly, the difference between the two is the churn that you have in the book of business. Our growth rate I do think that we'll -- from 4.5% or so will continue to accelerate as that new business comes on board. The other thing is that you have effects of foreign exchange and other things that are dampening that growth rate on the revenue side of the equation. So there's just a number of kind of dynamics. But when you think about the underlying business, we think it's accelerating, and we think it's strong.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So let's take corporate trust or the wholesale side of the equation. That'll be fairly quick in terms of the July rate cut. Some of it is the timing of the fact that the July rate cut would probably happen at the end of the month. There's just opportunities for us to be able to incorporate that into our process, but -- so on the corporate trust side of the equation, it'll be pretty quick. But there is always a little bit of a lag in terms of it kind of getting incorporated in the process. So the benefit will be stronger in the fourth quarter certainly than in the third.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. No. We're looking at optimization of our branch network. It's really across all 3 categories. We do believe that there's opportunity with respect to all categories. I mean think about community as an example, it includes some sizable markets like at the [indiscernible] or in Omaha, [indiscernible] et cetera, where we do have fairly significant branch networks. So it'll be across all of our -- we will tilt of the Metro markets, but it will include all markets.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. And so it's about building the overall relationship with the customer and then when you think about it, I mean this is really a long-term strategy. So the current rate environment is only one consideration on data point.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. So yes -- and I think what we have talked about in the past is 20% to 40%. And in the third quarter, we'll be kind of going through a more substantive parallel run. And I think we'll have better insights with respect to the implications associated with that particular point in time. What -- we've said it's a range of probably 20% to 40% increase in the reserve, and I think we've even said that's kind of closer to that 30% sort of range, so you can kind of do the math. But we're probably going to wait until we get through that third quarter assessment. The other thing is I think we'll have better visibility with respect to what the economy will look like. And of course, that's certainly a driver in that process. As we've thought about the different products and what we'll emphasize or deemphasize, we're really making decisions more based upon the economics of the product profitability than we are allowing the accounting model to influence, that sort of a decision. So at this particular point in time, we haven't really said we're going to change that approach.
