Richard Davis: Thank you, Andy. Our company's first quarter results once again demonstrated the strength of our franchise and the advantages of our diversified business mix. We posted strong year-over-year revenue growth, maintained our industry leading efficiency, and we achieved linked quarter operating leverage, and we saw a reduction in credit costs for the second consecutive quarter. We continue to lend, gather core deposits and expand our banking franchise. We remain profitable, generating significant capital and strengthening our already solid capital and liquidity position. We are well positioned to capitalize on the economic recovery, as we continue to enjoy the benefits of the flight to quality, and we continue to invest in organic initiatives, M&A, and joint ventures and those investments including hiring the best employees and developing and empowering our leaders. We will continue to optimistically acquire and we benefit from core businesses that are scalable and can leverage as the economy recovers. We are more than just a traditional bank, dependent on loans, deposits, and a favorable interest environment to grow. We also bring so much more to the table with our breadth and scope of our franchise and product offerings, including global payment capabilities for our wholesale and retail customers, corporate trust offices and more. It is this diversification of products and services, in addition to our prudent risk management, that has allowed us to continue to grow profitably during the past very challenging two years. The financial services industry continues to face an uncertain economy, regulatory and legislative environment. The world has changed, and there is much more to come. We are actively participating in the dialog to ensure that the financial services industry and U.S. Bancorp play a vital role in the economic reform and the recovery. Our company is confident and focused on the future. We know that the momentum we have created has positioned U.S. Bancorp well to grow and prosper for the benefit of our customers, our employees, our communities, and importantly, our shareholders. That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Bill Parker, and I will now be happy to answer questions from our audience.
Richard Davis: Thanks, Matt. This is Richard. I think we are actually continuing to see robust forecast in that area. We are benefiting from flight to quality, and at the same time we know we have taken the measures to improve our corporate bank capability to be fully capable of not outsourcing any activities from anything from syndications to high quality bond businesses to eventually municipal bonds and things like that. So I think our timing is perfect to step into places where some of the companies have either backed down or actually exited. As a result, we are also getting more non-lending business that comes with it, because as you come into a deal, or a client says I need you to now be part of my syndication and if you are willing to be the last in, they are more often than not willing to let you have other business along with that. So we are enjoying the benefits of the payments and the trust along with this classic balance sheet banking and I think our timing is actually quite good. And to answer your question specifically, it is actually building momentum. So I think we will continue to see our books strengthen with new customers as well as the ones we have continuing to deal with this downturn pretty successfully.
Richard Davis: Yes, I don't think it is for a little while longer. You know, I might be a little less robust in my forecasting for the current economic situation, but lastly, housing prices are at record lows and they are staying there. And unemployment is at record highs and it is staying there. And our customers are a reflection of that world, and until we see either or both of those starting to move in positive directions, which eventually they both will, we are going to be likely to see our customers continue to withhold using the lines of credit they have already been extended and certainly new customers are not jumping in for large capital expenditures or big hiring activities. At the very early part of the cycle, we are starting to see more M&A, more IPOs, more interest as the early stream of companies starting to get healthier, but those are not the systemically core activities that cause long-term organic growth and we are not seeing that kind of activity yet in the actions of our customers. So I must say a couple of quarters till you see a real strengthening of core earnings up based on loan growth and not just from line usage, but from people coming back into the game.
Richard Davis: Sure. Thanks, John. I will go first. I will have Bill follow-up. I have got to say I am actually quite surprised by the number of banks that have chosen to go from adding to reserves to not even meeting them but going to a recovery of reserves. So, I can't speak to their modeling, but I am surprised. I think we are all in the same environment and for me, until you get to a place where you are really sure that things are getting better, I think it is prudent to continue to have strong reserves for loan losses that you have yet to happen. So in our case, and I will speak just to us, we feel that while we are getting very close to that flattening point where loan losses, charge-offs, and NPAs are flat, which then portends that we can bring down reserve builds and eventually maybe bring them to equal, I don't see a time when reserve recovery is part of our future. I have said before, this management team is doing its best to make its estimates on where the loans will end up, where the losses will be, and where we want to have the cushion to go into the next cycle. I want this to be a fortressed balance sheet and the way we see it is we are continuing to appropriately do the math and the prediction to say we need to continue to strengthen our reserves for the future. Now, if there is an amazing recovery with both a speed and a slope that I don't expect, then perhaps we will get to that point, where one day we will be able to recapture some reserves, but we are not intending to do that. We think we are putting in our best dollar, hoping that it is the right amount, and giving us at least a prudent position to start the next cycle with a very strong balance sheet. So, speaking less for them and more for us, but I must say I am surprised as to how many people went back quickly to equal and then recovery is a surprise to me. And Bill, you want to speak to our details.
Richard Davis: Okay. I will go first. I am actually very concerned about the pending reforms that are about, I think they are imminent in the next probably few weeks and I concern myself for a couple of reasons. One is, we are building these solutions at a time when everyone is very stressed and concerned and these will be, you know, decades kind of decision, so we better be careful and make sure that we get it right. I am all for consumer protections being strengthened, I am all for line down authority and the systemic importance of companies that we cannot have the taxpayer's bill at anybody again. I am all for all of that. If I had one thing to put at the very top of the list, it is to protect preemption. And let me just say very clearly, this is not a help the banks to protect themselves, it has nothing to do with that. Preemption is a situation that allows banks to provide products to our customers and they don't have to worry about whether they work in different states in different ways. It is a chance to say that if there is something in the state that they don’t like, the current rules allow them to challenge that and protect their state customers or their state citizens. But right now to change the preemption, to allow the states to have a providing overriding view of whether or not things are safe for their customers, will create an amazing amount of confusion for both us and for them and I have to say, John, it will reduce the number of products that are available. So we are substantially aligned, most of us are with virtually all of the things that you are seeing in Reg reform, but there are some nuances, not the least of which is the concern for loss of national uniform standards of preemption and the concern that we don't have a circumstance where the pre-funding of losses or the slush fund or whatever you want to call it is burdened by some of those many of us who actually would never intend to use it and perhaps are being taxed some form of a levy, that isn't really fair. So we will limit our issues on those couple of points, because I think otherwise, why wouldn't we want the stronger protections, why wouldn't we want the non-banks to finally have the same oversight we have all enjoyed and why wouldn't we want to be assured that our industry is stronger going into this next time, where the taxpayers will feel a sense of confidence and the shareholders will feel a better sense of confirmation in the stability of our industry and so I welcome the majority of them, but I do worry about preemption and I do think that a back paying tax of any sort is unfair.
Richard Davis: And John, let me remind you as well as the audience, in the beginning of this month, we started our migration towards new overdraft and NSF fees. We actually made some changes in the first quarter, we made more on April 1, where we started to limit the number and dollar amount of overdraft, and then, at the end of June or July 1 and August 15 with the new fed rules, we will be prepared to move into the final stage. So you will see some disruption in run rate or linked quarter impacts in quarter two versus quarter one. You saw a little bit in quarter one versus quarter four and then when we get to the run rate in the second half, we will have a better sense of how those customer behaviors will play out. I will repeat what I said 90 days ago and that is, we have, I think the luxury and I think the prudence to not force customers into a decision. We are going to watch and check their behavior, we are doing a fairly good job of serving their interest now, and we will create an outcome that allows them to pick how they want to deal with their banking relationships and we will be very smart to watch what the other actions in the community of banks do, and then responds to the best and most favored treatment. We are lucky enough that we have that luxury of time and I believe waiting to see what the right answer will be. But you will see negative biases kind of linked quarter for the next couple, as it relates to overdraft and in NSF fees.
Richard Davis: You know, that is a great question. We are, actually, that is part of our study of customers and merchants to find out how they feel about if customers are going to be, let's say they don’t opt in, and there is a significant higher level denial at point of sale, how do the merchants want to step in? Will they step in for their best customers or will they suffer a certain level of breakage that they haven't experienced before? I think as Andy discussed, slight negative bias because less things will be transacted until people figure out how they want to operate their checking account, but I don't think it’s a very significant one and we haven't placed any dollar financial detriment to it at all in the future. And as we learn more, we will telegraph that. We don't see that as a problem yet.
Richard Davis: Well, I will tell you what, we still do see the demand coming down. So I am surprised you are seeing that otherwise. Well, I will tell you what, we are saying is, there is the market has become more balanced, and I think, first and foremost, while the banks are getting paid for risk premiums, the people expect us to charge for that. Customers want a traditional bank, the alternatives are lesser than they used to be. So the margins are stronger than they were and I think there will be moments in time when depending on who is in the market, if you are in a community market or if you are in a large market depending on who might be a more aggressive player, you can see unrealistic prices like we saw a few years ago. So for all intents and purposes, we are seeing a nice kind of a firming up of reasonable and rational pricing in most of the banks that we compete with seem to be taking that at the same measured approach that I would expect, and you might mention that on the margin side.
Richard Davis: My guess is 50-50. We have worked really hard when basically no one was really paying attention in the last two years, re-crafting this whole company's ability to work with customers at a deeper level, build a full-on first class corporate bank across the nation not across the footprint, reconstruct our wealth management. Chris, all the things that I will be able to talk about in a couple of years and describe to you all why we came out of this so much stronger, but at this early stage, for all of them, they are demonstrating a high performance and we are still really lucky. I mean, this company has benefited from the relative outcome of a negative environment, we could have changed on our own anyway. And so we are taking advantage of it. We have got a lot of higher quality people that we have brought into these new business lines. We have changed the culture to deal more with relationships than individual transactions. And I will tell you, those are the things that are probably 50% of our strength right now and what I like about that the most is when I got to bed tonight, I am going to know that it is the reason we are going to be so much stronger in the future, it is not a one quarter event. It is a momentum toward an entirely new kind of a run rate. And then the last piece that I said in my prepared comments but I want to put it in my own words again, this is a big deal to be a company that doesn't rely just on the balance sheet. I think in the near term, at least probably in the next few years, lending overall will be slightly depressed. The deposit gathering will be probably slightly more positive and margins overall will probably firm up, but they will move around as well with rates moving up and down. I love the fact that we have got this other diversified earnings stream in the trust and the payments businesses that they are not countercyclical, but they are definitely not aligned exactly with the behaviors of balance sheets, and I think that is going to portend as the recovery gets kind of an extra cylinder that give this company a stronger future going out.
Richard Davis: This is Richard. As you recall, a few years ago, we were starved on interest margin and protecting (inaudible) our deposit rates were at the very low, probably the low decile, and in the past couple of years, we have found ourselves now above the median and competing, not just – we are not losing on price, we are not competing on quality, and we have got price as a non-issue. That is a pretty big deal and this company is constructed the way we run it now, to be able to move lock steps with great changes and not need to withhold those benefits when they come along. We are going to get the benefit on the lending side, we will give it on the deposit side. We have come to learn that you don't build a bank without getting new customers. You start most often with the deposit and then you have a fighting chance to work with them with a relationship and that is another one of those underlying benefits that we have built over the last couple of years that I think will show themselves in the next couple of years.
Richard Davis: Right, thank you. The question was asked perfectly. Very low appetite for a non-transformational deal out of market, or the opposite of that is, I would only go out of market for transformational deal. We really aren't blaming our customers uninterested in banking with us because we are not in the 26 states that we don't currently have a retail presence. As you know, Nancy, we have made a commitment to get stronger and deeper in the 24 states we are and FDIC transactions are built perfectly for that and we will look forward to having more opportunities. If we were to go on a state, contiguous or jumping state, there would have to be a substantial transaction limit, number one. Everybody would say, wow, that makes so much sense. Number two, it would be a price point that has to make sense and good for our shareholders and we both know it would have to be a capital rate activity that we would only do if it was so reasonable and so useful to the company's future that it made sense. So we have to hit all those hurdles, and if it isn't going to be transformational, we don't see a need to do out of market in order to be successful in the next decade, we just, it will be an opportunity missed that we didn't pursue it, but I don't know if that is ever going to come across. So we are more than happy to be focused on organic growth and old fashioned quarter-by-quarter business that I think we are starting to demonstrate.Nancy Bush – NAB Research LLC: Thank you.
Richard Davis: I will tell you what, I mean, you think about it, these businesses in America have figured out an entirely new level of productivity and efficiency, and I think we all surprised ourselves. This bank is one of those. I mean, we took a 5% expense reduction last February across the board to protect jobs and to protect our future and we did that because the world was different and we all surprised ourselves. Our customers are saying I did this for a couple of quarters and I’ll be darned, I can actually be more efficient I can get along a little further than I thought. So they are very hesitant to turn back on the spigot and start spending money unless they are absolutely sure they see it. And in many recoveries past, I believe that businesses went first and followed by customers and consumers who followed them because the products were there and all of a sudden, the world got better. I think it is reverse this time, they are waiting for the consumers to move to consume their products, after which point it is undeniable because they are ready and waiting and then the inventories are too low and then and only then they will pop. So I am believing that we are in a new paradigm, where the recovery will be in part a bit different than it has in the past and probably slower based on the prudence of businesses that have learnt to be very efficient, and efficiently, they will just say, look I have got to spend money, but boy, our utilization rate is the best proxy for that, because they have got the loans, they have got it probably preferred rates, they are our best customers, and they are still paying it down until which time they don't need it. Secondly, we will be the best first to see it, because our cash balances, as they are rich with cash, we are holding it. And so we will be able to see them move from cash balances down first. Second is the actual use of our credit. So there are actually two steps to occur and we haven't seen the cash balances starting to fall either. So I think that is why I answered the question earlier that it is a few quarters out until we see it show up on the bank's balance sheet as a loan.
Richard Davis: Yeah. I'll start and then let Andy pick it up. We do have a great view of the world at least to retail consumer world. Our merchant acquiring portfolio is like a third airlines, a third hoteliers and a third retail and our credit card business is pretty robust. So what we are seeing is a lot more activity in the debit card, not credit. It makes sense, right. They are using money that have and you’ve all seen how consumers have gotten more prudent. And we have seen on a year-over-year basis in our merchant acquiring areas, a 13% increase, quarter one last year to quarter one this year. That’s a nice spread between travels and retail activities but those are primarily the first large signs of quarter – year-over-year quarter-to-quarter growth we have seen and it’s primarily found and demonstrated in the debit side. So we are also seeing consistency in people not using their credit card. Andy you might want to pick up on corporate cards, are also very strong. The government have now reported spending their budget and the money is being spent as we predicted but the credit activities are still going to be slow and I think you will see NSFOD [ph] reflect some of that lesser buying as well.
Richard Davis: I will say, Carol, the world is uneven. So the community banking markets, where we have a 1000 of our 3000 branches are later in the cycle and I will say it wouldn’t surprise you that some of the banks were starting to stress kind of their ditch stage effort is to be very aggressive on deposit pricing or to be very unrealistic in loans. And so until -- I will say, until things have cleared up as probably a year or two from now when a majority of FDIC transactions have been recognized and reckoned with. I think we will see in different markets unreasonable pricing but it’s a big market and the banks you are talking about we are seeing a much more solid rational performance in pricing and give us all a better sense of dealing with that community of banks that are looking together to not coalesce or to price together. But to working where we can pay for the risk and we do the right job of giving people the discriminate value for relationships and more business with better pricing.
Richard Davis: It’s definitely both. We’ve definitely -- we made a very discriminate move in the last eight quarters to pay up on deposits and many have come down and I think probably in the earlier conversation, there is a title range we can be in the top half and not need to be over priced or taking kind of risk that we might have had a couple of years ago.
Richard Davis: Well, let me just close. I want to thank you all for your interest in our company and your support. I want to characterize that it’s not very sexy and that’s present company excluded of course. But this is a company that simple and straight forward and I think predictable and I hope that has value to all of you and therefore to our shareholders. And there is so much volatility and so much noise. We are very proud of what we have been able to accomplish in last couple of years. And let it be said what each quarter will continue to be predictable and hopefully repeatable and simple. I do think from the earliest questions this morning, if we are building a company that I know we are, you will see the real benefits in years forward when you will appreciate the kind of investments we made at a time when so many others were working on other things. And I am excited about, I think today was a very good demonstration of our core simple bank but I think it portends we’ve got real good future based on things that are starting to emerge and I’m looking forward to sharing them in the future years. So Judy, you want to close.
Bill Parker: Hi, John, it is Bill. Just one – I mean you mentioned the fact that you know our loss rates are significantly lower than most of our peers and I think that is part of it. I mean, we have gone up last – you know, looks now we are stabilizing. So we will start hopefully to be coming down soon, but we are not coming off of those very high peaks that some of our peers are.
Bill Parker: Yes, I mean, that is both in our finance company and our home mortgage company that originates more of the Freddie-Fannie products. And we did about $1 billion dollars total HAMP in the first quarter. About 250 of that was on balance sheet, mostly in our finance company. We expect that number to be about the same in the second quarter, but there’s already some of it and so we are working through the pipeline and that number should start to decline.Jon Arfstrom – RBC Capital Markets: And then the other question, provision was up in the wholesale business a bit.
Bill Parker: Let me talk about re-default rates first. I mean, there is a couple of different ways to measure it. There is industry data, which looks at 12 months out and so few payment delinquencies 12 months out, that is we are at 30% and industry is at about 40%. And then we also look at, you know, those that ultimately go to foreclosure, and for that, our rate is about 20% for the overall residential mortgage portfolio. So those are a couple of statistics on the restructured loans. And again what I talked about on residential mortgages is that the on balance sheet we did about $250 million of HAMP in the first quarter. We expect a similar amount in the second quarter, but there are signs that that dollar amount is already declining, it may have already peaked.
Bill Parker: Not in these statistics here. No, that would the Downey portfolio, which is under the covered asset section.
Bill Parker: Yes, this is Bill. I mean, what we have seen really starting late last quarter is corporate America middle market companies are – they have downsized very effectively in reducing their costs, primarily through job layoffs, but they are generating a lot of cash. So the fact that there was inventory build-up occurring here in the first quarter, they had not needed traditional bank sources of funding. So the companies that we deal with, they are very flush and they are waiting for clear signs of that economic recovery.
Andy Cecere: And John, from a dollars perspective, the card act legislation will cost us about $100 million in 2010. It started in the middle of the first quarter and will continue throughout the remainder of the year. The overdraft legislation in addition to some of the changes that we made, will cost us $200 million to $300 million in 2010, impacting us most specifically in the second through fourth quarters and that is principally in fee income.
Andy Cecere: This is Andy. So, the particular area of strength was our payments group. We saw our payments in total go up 7.5% versus a year ago. Categories like merchant processing versus a year ago was up over 13%. We saw same-store sales increase 3.3%. So I think that is a reflection of us continuing to gain share and strength across all those categories. Commercial products year-over-year was up. That is again a function of us building the businesses that we have been talking about in the wholesale and corporate banking group, and those are areas of strength. You know, seasonally the first quarter versus the fourth quarter is lower, really across almost every category, probably $75 million to $100 million. So we would expect the decline in the first quarter that we saw. In addition, mortgage production is down a bit. You know, last year, we had a production level of about $13 billion in the first quarter, this year it was just about $9 billion. So that is another key factor in the year-over-year results.Ian Forsyth – Bank of America: Thanks, guys.
Andy Cecere: Chris, this is Andy. You know, we have been positioning our balance sheet. We never really positioned it significantly, assuming rates will go a certain way. We are always fairly neutral, but we have moved to the asset sensitive and we continue to position that way. So what that means is, for example, the securities portfolio, our purchases are more floaters than fixed, give up a little bit of yield in the short term, but I think we position ourselves appropriately for the long-term and that is the way we are thinking about it.
Andy Cecere: This is Andy. We try to manage the balance sheet, so we are not dramatically anything and we try to keep it fairly neutral. We are asset sensitive a little bit as we talked about. There are a lot of mechanisms that you can use to manage the balance sheet rate sensitivity and I am very comfortable with the disclosures we have in terms of our positioning should rates rise.
Andy Cecere: Matt. That didn’t really have a large impact. The principal reason for the improvement was a little bit on the wholesale – on the funding cost, a little bit of mixed funding, move towards core deposits and a little bit on the loan re-pricing that we talked about. Those are the key factors. The principal reason that we are expecting little bit of a decline in net interest margin really relates to card debt and some of the legislative changes around that and that's the reason for the low-to-mid 380s.
Andy Cecere: Thank you, Matt. That's insignificant for us. We've had a very good origination process. We are very good at dotting the Is and crossing the Ts and that is just not been a significant issue for us. Thanks.
Andy Cecere: No. The answer is no. Couple of reasons, Matt, we have our wholly owned finance company in the bank that we started in 1993. Actually I was part of that, it’s the old Star Bank and we have a very broad network of correspondence and brokers that we've worked with now for almost 20 years. We could turn that volume up in a second if we want to and as you know our credit in that portfolio is less quality than the bank that was much better, I said, is more like a near prime kind of business. So we don't have any interest in playing another avenue. I certainly wouldn't do a branch network. We actually had one years ago and closed down because it's not conducive for those kinds of customers. Your branch is really your best place for deposit gathering. So, I think if we wanted to turn on the spigot for consumer finance, you wouldn't believe how much we could do. So what little we are doing is a reflection of our fact that we only want to do is with the really finest people, we need to do -- a lot of it originated through our customers and be very prudent about how we deal with that side. And what you see will probably grow over time, but we are not going to take advantage. And I do think, by the way you are on to something, and that is that as the world starts to evaluate these consumers and small businesses that have failed, who is going to be the first to say, I will look the other way and bring back to a credit, and it isn't going be up. So if someone’s going to do that, they are going to say, I will waive the bankruptcy, I won't make you go years, remember our parents used to tell, watch your credit history, it’s your whole reputation. I am sad to say, I think one of the first things we see is people jumping back in and allowing failed clients to get back in and to meet us, that's a mistake. But we will be very careful and you won't see that move much more than increments over quarters.
Andy Cecere: Sure. Chris, so in the fourth quarter of 2009, we had payments related gain about $30 million that was – more about one-time event, not repeated in the first quarter. The equity gains – we have an equity investment portfolio, BMB [ph]. That was down a little bit quarter-over-quarter, under 10 or $15 million. And finally in the lease residual category, we continue to see improvement. The improvement in the fourth quarter was more dramatic in terms of auto prices and so we had a little bit more positive fourth quarter than the first quarter and that was the other factor. You could take those things out, it was fairly stable, but those are three, sort of unique events that impact other revenue.
Andy Cecere: I am taking out gasoline every time I answer. I would say that we get paid a great deal more on the actual transaction and the size of it. So everyone still go to the grocery store, they still go to the gas station, they still swipe the card and that’s one of the benefit of the merchant acquiring portfolios, we get paid as much for the transaction as we do the size. So I am probably less clear on the impacts of smaller ticket size and debit than I would be in credit because it’s the outstanding that it creates. But I mean, you are right, the people have less money, they are being more careful but I would say they are actually spending it more often. So they are going to the ATM machine to keep it simple for me. They will go there and pull out $20 five times in a week and they will pull out a 100 on Monday because they are just not sure what it would look like by the time payroll comes around. So we are seeing activities actually start to pick up. We’re not necessary seeing average balances. And on the credit side, we are obviously seeing it slowing down and be careful spending money that they don’t have.Meredith Whitney – Meredith Whitney Advisory Group: Okay. When I do checks in terms of different regions, you’re still real populous rates amongst small business centers and consumers vitriol against Wall Street, how Canadian banks are closing and what not? How are you addressing those needs? Is that where you are picking up market share? Is there – what does the small business lending environment look like as they fund themselves primarily through credit card going forward? And then I am done.
Andy Cecere: Yeah. Well, on the 2MP for our portfolio, we have very few purchase money; second, and I think that is more of what that portfolio or what that program was buying for, or the first and second are done together and really act like one mortgage. So for us it was almost 90% of our portfolio coming out of the branches where it’s just traditional home equity. We don’t feel that program is really appropriate or designed for our type of portfolio. One the other program, I mean there is the home affordable foreclosure alternative. That’s the one just to encourage short sales or to make short sales don’t get in the way of a transaction that’s beneficial to the homeowner. That’s something we are already working on. We have already been doing short sales. We will continue to do that. The other one is the enhanced – what I’ll call the enhanced half. That’s the one that they say that might get in place by August or September. Well, they have temporarily relief for the job, et cetera, et cetera. That thing has got – there’s a lot of details to be worked out on that. So it’s not clear to us exactly how all that would work at this point. So that…
Andy Cecere: To summarize that. The 2MP or what’s the HAMP for the seconds, we are not opting that. We are not because our portfolio doesn’t really lend itself to that but I also just want to say when you opt into a program and the rules keep hanging you regret having opted in because you just can’t predict and we are in the business of giving you guys a fairly good predictable company. And so I am telling you what, this company would do everything that’s right for all the people that deserve it but in some cases we are not doing it because it’s right now because we're mandated and the rules change. And I am very strong on that because we don’t deserve to be told how to run the company. We are trying to do what’s right and sometimes the rules are actually prohibitive of letting us work around some other constructs if the customers have unique circumstances. And I do think to Bill’s point the enhanced HAMP is coming along. We will – we are in HAMP and we will provide support for everything we are asked to do. But we are going to continue to be vocal making sure that the rules aren’t creating outcomes that make it harder for consumers to get what they want and/or that they don’t create incentives for healthy consumers to find themselves in harms way to play into the game of the new rule. That’s a really unintended consequences we have got to watch for.
Andy Cecere: Sure, I can. This is sadly not an update of new information, it is a repeat of what I said before. We believe a couple of key paradigms and one is that we are able to increase our dividend based on our forecast of our earnings. And based on the stress test upon which we know there are a number of variations and versions that we are using, we can substantially increase our dividend and be fine with the earnings. But we understand the government’s needs, number one, to be absolute positive. This recovery is the same and on its way. And therefore, we understand that they don’t want to be giving anybody permission to do that in case things would turn around and I think we need to follow that logic. And secondly, I understand that there is so waiting I think at these levels that you and I, both know, both of the domestic and global levels to decide what the final definition of the capital will be and what the final number will be. In fact, which final ratio will be? So we are soon to find out, what’s the ratio will be used whether it will be core or new definition that they are now out for comment, whether they will be domestic or global and I understand that’s going to be a little longer than I'd like to wait but I understand we're in queue with that knowledge that has to be understood as well. So I’m waiting for permission. I’m waiting for guidelines, if it was my own. Information that I have in hand and I can do it by myself, I will raise the dividend now. But I – we are prudent [ph] to do so and I’m not going to challenge the regulators we are working well at them. We understand that they are giving us all information along the way and we're not going either sit back and wait around without making it known that we're out here and we're eager to do it.
Andy Cecere: Sure. I did. I think people didn’t realize probably in all the years we’ve all been together, I’ve known you for many of those, we always needed to get permission to raise the dividend. It’s just that everyone was making money all the time, the dividends were always probably 40% or 50% of total earnings. And nobody ever needed to see it work. When the world turned down and company started to lose money and some were not able to cover the dividend, it became clear that the rules that we were all talking about, were present again and that is the federal reserve has the right to decide and approve on any divided action on at any time. And that’s what we were dealing with. And so the fed has been very clear in telling us that whether you are ready in your own mind, we need to be sure that this economy is ready for you and anyone else that we might permit and we are ready to give you that answer. And so…
Andy Cecere: No. And that’s my point earlier to Betsy's question. I feel like – I think they would agree that there are a number of uncertainties in terms of which ratio will use, whether it will be a national or global construct, how long we‘ll have to get there. And now as you know with Basel III or whatever you want to call it, now there is even a question of what will be the definition of core capital before we even decide what the number is. So all the moving parts are obvious to all of us and so it’s not -- I’m not surprise that we can get an answer because I understand the prudence of making sure that we don’t do something as an industry that we will regret. On my hand, I have to be a vocal advocate from my company and make sure that we are collateral damage in the waiting game. And so we are good partners with the regulators and making a very clear. We are anxious we want to move on. We’ll give them more numbers, we’ll show them our stress test and we continue to argue the merits of let us move forward and at this point they think not yet and we are waiting for better guidelines.
Andy Cecere: Carol, This is Andy. And I’m not talking to specifically but your statement is absolutely correct. I think if you look at the last eight quarters or so, deposit pricing has become much more rational. At the same time, we’ve moved up sort of from the lower quartile to the median in our peer group. And I think the combination of lower rates and the fact that deposit pricing has become more rationale allowed us to do that with very little impact to margin.
