Richard K. Davis: Thank you, Kathy. I'm very proud of our second quarter results. We delivered solid financial performance in a challenging operating environment for financial institutions. We continued to achieve industry-leading performance measures. Because of the overall strength and consistency of our results, we returned 76% of our earnings to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks in the second quarter. As we move to the second half of 2015, I'm confident we will continue to deliver solid financial results. We'll continue to take the appropriate and effective actions including tighter expense management to ensure that we are meeting our value creation objectives for our customers and for our shareholders. That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Kathy, Bill and I would now be happy to answer your questions.
Richard K. Davis: Well, yeah, I'm actually more optimistic on the revenue for the second half because things have turned the corner and I think you'll see, with NIM flattening out, with loan growth now, as I'm committing to well, at the 1% or higher because I can see already see that for quarter three, and the knowledge that our mortgages business is – the balance sheet is growing again, I think we are feeling quite good about revenue. What I'm still waiting for is the interest rate impact that would occur if the Fed increases rates. So if they don't, we're going to continue to put – keep in place this FTE hold we've had now for, as Kathy said, a year-and-a-half. That's worth, by the way, thousands of FTE that we haven't added and therefore we haven't had to talk about reducing either. And then all the discretionary things that we continue to do to keep ourselves at the efficiency level you come to expect. So revenues actually got a nice trajectory in the second half. Expenses will come down as we watch our nickels and dimes, but I will tell you the cost of compliance has erased a lot of the benefits I would otherwise hope to have gotten a year-and-a-half ago when we started this as we've continued to add the compliance personnel, audit personnel, and not just in those areas but in the front line where we have that same compliance responsibility that's gone up substantially. But expenses we'll continue to watch, Jon, like I promised. And I've always said that if we have to be more draconian, we will, but the FTE hold and watching our vacancies and things has served us pretty well so far.
Richard K. Davis: Yeah, it's way broader based. So in fact, much as I like the 2.1% linked quarter in C&I, that's one of our lowest quarters in the last six quarters and I'm actually kind of satisfied with that because we're now getting competing growth from the retail consumer side, which is what we've been long waiting for and that's why, one of our reasons we can say that the margin will start to flatten out because the mix will start to be balanced. So commercial business, the bond markets are driving balance reductions, because people are driving to the bond market, and so to still get 2.1% linked quarter means we're doing real business for real customers that have other needs that aren't just M&A related. We also see that more opportunity for us in the fee business given our involvement in that M&A market on the capital market side, which we didn't have, as you know, a few years ago. So that's a kind of twofer for us; if we can't get it in loan growth, we'll get it in fees. Syndication loan market is really strong. If you notice, we were in the top four on the investment grade league table this quarter. It's our first time we've broken into the top four, so we're seeing that as a business for us that's starting to pay dividends that we invested in a few years ago. So C&I is strong. Commercial real estate, that's not as strong. That's more flat for us; it was last quarter and it's going to be just slightly up in quarter three. We're okay with that because I've told you before, we see that as a market that can get overheated in the micro-market, so we're very careful in particular in where we do business. The coasts are doing the best based on the growth that's present and I think where some of the job growth, say, Atlanta, Denver, is driving new interest in office space and things like that. Construction is primarily apartments and office, not so much retail yet, but we are seeing a lot of that construction on the smaller end being done by cash, which is fine because we've been long saying that the first step towards a bank's balance sheet improvement is cash moving out of here to be used for growth, then lines of credit being used for growth, then new lines and loans being brought onto the balance sheet; and we're still in that first phase from what I can see. And then finally, Jon, bringing a little more color on loans altogether, the consumer side is doing quite nicely. Our auto loans are up 10% over the first quarter, and that's on a backdrop of a very strong auto market, as you have seen now, the projections continue to be very strong. And then our home equity, as I mentioned in my comments, are also strong. That's up 4.1%. And interestingly enough, these accounts are now coming at larger line sizes; people are using their home equity for home improvement and home repairs, some debt consolidation, but mostly improving the property. And they're using the balances now more than they did even a year ago. So we're starting to see some nick uptick. And you know we don't have that home equity bubble at the bank here that a lot of companies do, so we're not trying to offset that runoff. And then maybe lastly, because we brought it up last quarter, we did see some improvement in our balance sheet on the mortgage side. As you'll recall, on the jumbo mortgages, we agreed to become a little more market competitive on price. And in the last month of the second quarter, we saw the balance sheet starting to grow again and we hope that that will pursue itself into quarter three. It has a lot to do with what rates do, but our purchase to refi right now is 70/30 in the mortgage business. And if we can continue to get back to where that mortgage balance sheet is growing, at least slightly, that helps our total loan growth get back into that 1% to 1.5% range.
Richard K. Davis: Yeah. So I'm going to call it more flattish. It's going to be close to what you see now, if anything – it's not coming down, so let's put it that way. But I don't see any material increases either. What's happening here is the cost of compliance is at its high watermark. As you know, we are a part of that mortgage foreclosure activity that we've extended and that's going to continue to cost us and we will continue to add compliance and audit in virtually every part of the company. So that's in there. Things that will come down to offset those headwinds are continued discretionary expense control that we just never talk about here. I mean we don't have a name for it. We don't bring people to tell us how to do it. We've got a real heavy tight rein right now on discretionary expenses, marketing, travel, things that are less necessary. And from FTE being flat for a year and a half and still doing quite well to taking things like vacancies, extending vacancies, moving those up and being very prudent about how we manage the quality of our people. So I may have mentioned last time that we're also getting a pretty thorough review of our low performing employees in the company. Since FTE needs to be flat, you have your right to use your FTE but you better have the best you can. So I am encouraging people to improve the bottom performers and trade them out and get the best quality staff we can as this recovery is about to hit us. So we can keep all that in general check. With revenue moving up, that's going to help our efficiency for sure. But I don't want to leave with fact we're going to take expenses down but I think they're at a place that you can watch for and a slightly potential increase over the next couple of quarters only because of the cost of compliance if I can't out run it with vacancies.
Richard K. Davis: Yeah. You heard it right. I'm going to give Kathy the detail, but I want to say, last quarter, the payments businesses weren't that robust. In part, by the way, it was the FX which is hard to describe. It sounds like an excuse, but in other companies, it's a real impact and then it affects us in this one category. But under a line, we saw everything get much stronger and we really like the second half for payments as we get into the second quarter's look back now as it's improved from quarter one. But, Kathy, bring some color to that.
Richard K. Davis: Actually – okay, so, John, we actually never did say we're stable. We were super transparent and always said it would be 3 basis points to 5 basis points or 3 basis points to 6 basis points, and we did mention it by 1 basis point. So stable to us is give or take 1 basis point, maybe 2 basis points, either direction. But right now, we're forecasting this thing to be flat and we could be surprised. But we'll have a chance later in the quarter to update you guys. We tell you exactly what we see as soon as we see it, and we are extremely transparent and clear, so stable means stable.
Richard K. Davis: It's a great problem, right? And we're not sending deposits out. We're also not rationalizing the number of branches we have. We're just rationalizing what we do in them. So that's probably keeping a lot of deposits, the core stuff. But we all know, in a few quarters or years, that's going to be the gas in the engine for making loans. And so we're going to be pleased with loan growth, deposit growth, even if we're not sure what we can do with it yet. And we'll continue to see that as a sign of more customers, net DDA was as high as it has been in years. We have a lot of new business coming in from our corporate trust, which you know, is a very important part of, 15% of our core deposit. So, it's a good news thing and as much as we are a little surprised ourselves, we're not going to do anything to send it back (28:12).
Richard K. Davis: Yeah. Sure. We've got this – we've indicated an interest in the GE Capital, or part of their portfolio and we are in the due diligence with that. So we will keep finding an interest in asset purchases. We're continuing to find payment portfolios that we look at. We like the merchant acquiring space where you've either seen us getting new partners in the domestic, or more even often, you've seen us do it in the international side where we can find a partner and extend into another country and kind of plug-and-play like we do with our payments platform. And then corporate trust, we just had our board meeting a couple weeks ago and we highlighted our European trust business, which is also fund servicing and corporate trust, and they are both quite robust. The market continues to be very receiving of a new player in us being there, and we see a lot of growth opportunities. And that can be both organic and M&A, John. So that's where you're going to see us. Not whole bank transactions – what you've seen in the last few years is what you'll see in the next couple. And I think that as the tail falls off of what I'll call the statute of limitations of inheriting somebody else's problems from the early years of the recession, as that falls off in a couple of years, we'll probably be back into the game of buying whole companies or looking at whole banks. But for now, that just doesn't suit our appetite.
Richard K. Davis: Yeah, my – I'll probably be right in the middle and that's not like me, I like to take a position. But I'll tell you my answer's just a little different. We – God, we all want this deposit beta to go up because we want that money to be used in some form of growth in the American economy. I mean it really is at record high levels and it's not sustainable. And it has nothing to do with the banks keeping them or losing them, it has everything to do with consumers and businesses using it. So my hope is that there is a early beta take when rates start to move up not because of rates being higher and the cost changing but because that informs the fact that people are now investing and consumers are consuming, so I'm all for that. I do think that marginal beta on companies has a lot to do with what kind of level of relationship they've created with their customers, whereby if people are double banking, triple banking, the core relationship stays with the bank that's established themselves as the core partner. And I also think customers that have established themselves as feeling that they were treated well during this period, especially corporate customers, and felt that the company protected their deposits here, let them stay on the balance sheet if necessary or work them into some money center alternative, I think we'll get credit for the way we handled that over the course of the more challenging times when deposits were less attractive. So I'm going to say the beta is going to be – I hope it's an early, a bit of an early and abrupt start because people are using it, and then I think that the marginal beta starts to determine the quality of banking relationships you have. And I have to remind you because of our corporate trust, we will have at least 15% of our core deposits are in a different category as much as they're contractual, and they don't have the ability to move at the vagaries of rates or even consumerism, so I think we'll have a slightly better beta no matter what, and probably better than you guys have modeled, given that that's a pretty substantial amount of money as we continue to grow corporate trust.
Richard K. Davis: Yeah, Ken. This is Richard. The applications up 34% in quarter two will show through in quarter three as bookings in some measure so quarter three has a lot to do with paying off quarter two. Quarter three, I think, will be a tale of interesting to watch because we will see what happens as rates start to move or the threat of rates start to move and more on the psychology of the consumer behavior. But I thought you'd find this interesting. I was, a couple of weeks ago, in California with our homebuilder business. They were there for our national conference and we had a large gathering. And I asked them, what interest rate level in terms of a mortgage rate would cause them to worry about the impact of future homebuilding? And they all were comfortable that 200 basis points doesn't move anybody's needle on either the affordability or the belief that they could still get into a home that they want. And that's a pretty nice range of safety for a while because I don't think any of us think rates whenever they do move up are going to move 200 basis points real quick. So that provides me a little confidence that the purchase market by those who actually build and live off of it is feeling pretty strong and they're not typically worried at this stage of rates moving up if they don't move more than 200 basis points. Refi is just typically what you see in the vagaries of whether people still haven't refi'd yet or whether they have a reason to take advantage of a rate they didn't heretofore. So we will learn more. I think this quarter three will tell a big story and probably a month from now, we'll have a really good sense of what the mortgage business looks like, but it's a little early now.
Richard K. Davis: Yeah, Chris. I'm really glad for the question because I didn't know it wasn't clear so thank you. It's not taking advantage of the one-time benefits. It's the core.
Richard K. Davis: And so the things that we manage we're going to stick pretty flat to that but you won't get the benefits each quarter unless something comes out of nowhere that we're happy with. So on a reported basis, it will go up slightly. As it does though, it will go up less than it would have if we weren't continuing to put this kibosh on the cost of FTE and the cost of discretionary expenses like marketing and travel and entertainment. So, yeah, it's a good question. It will go up in the second half but it's not material and as much as we're not counting on the other benefits to accrue and if they do, we'll take them and celebrate that.
Richard K. Davis: (43:05) the second half. So as Andy is talking about the CDC and so we have expenses up above the line, but we get all the benefits on the taxes below. And if you look at one line item, that's a great reminder that that will be – you should isolate that and take a look at it. In prior years, it will be just the same as it's been in prior.
Richard K. Davis: Definitely the latter, right? So as I said, home equity is up 4% and it's – people are doing mostly home improvement. When I was a young banker in California 30 years ago, we used to call it a PIP, a property improvement and we used to give credit back – half the credit to the equity or the line itself, because we thought they're improving the collateral as they went. We don't do that anymore but that was the old days when people really used their house to live in it and to keep it for a longer-term and not improve it to flip it. And I think we've got psychology where people are going to live in their houses now and own them as an asset to live in with the hope that they will have some increasing value, use it when they can but not to do it in order to flip it. Debt consolidation for the first time, Kevin, is starting to show up again in home equity, which I guess, it makes sense later in the cycle as people want to reset one more time, but they are much more prudent than they were before. And because the quality of loans we do, we don't do debt consolidation home equity for people who are desperate. They're simply being more efficient in the way they handle their cash flow. Andy might talk to...
Richard K. Davis: So they are using it. In terms of cash out purchase, not seeing any evidence of that that's materially different than prior quarters. Those with cash are putting it into the house, those without it are still taking the opportunity to refi most of it and some of it with government programs.
Richard K. Davis: I don't know about the industry. I mean, were – I know this is an outlier for a lot of us. Two reasons. One is because we've been working first position second mortgages for a long, long time. It's been a product we've had for some reason hasn't been matched by most folks. And then I think I mentioned in my comments we also don't have that bubble that we're trying to out-run. If you look at our balance sheet, we don't have a history of being a huge home equity lender at a disparate level. So we don't have a lot to have to refi or rebook. So in this case, we're going to get the benefit of net growth from our activities and our product. So I think we'll be an outlier in a positive way.
Richard K. Davis: Well, first of all, the question was already asked, and it was a fantastic answer and I'm sorry, you missed it. But we'll be happy to repeat it for you, Mike. Actually, it wasn't asked, so we're happy to answer it.
Richard K. Davis: It hasn't changed and I did answer that one earlier. GE, we are in due diligence for one part of their portfolio – who knows? We don't have to have anything here to make it to tomorrow, so we'll just be prudent and take a look at it. We like – as I said earlier, we like acquisitions of payment companies, we like trust companies, we like overseas a lot because it seems to be an interesting market worth looking further out. Not interested in full bank transactions at this stage and what you have seen in the last few years is what you will see for the next couple.
Richard K. Davis: Yeah. I think it's same as it has been, which is still slow but steady progress, right? So it's not going backwards. There's no inertia to jump it forward. My long philosophy is the minute it's known that rates are moving up whether they have to move or not, it starts to create a catalyst for people to take the action that they have heretofore been holding off on. And my hope is frankly that the consumer blinks first and starts consuming as they should and that incentivizes businesses to start investing and growing and that kind of cycle starts up again. So I'm still optimistic that we're making progress and everything's going in the right direction and I think I'm hopeful that the Fed sees it the same way and if they do, then rates start to move up. We benefit from the balance sheet being only half of our company's balance sheet, so we'll benefit just as much from the fee businesses as it relates to a stronger economy, so I'm optimistic.
Richard K. Davis: We – it hasn't been material enough so we haven't, but given your question, we'll look into that. I mean if that's valuable to you all, given that we're continuing to make progress and our momentum has been really good here, we'll make that a to-do for ourselves.
Richard K. Davis: Yeah. Good question. So it's not incremental, it's just longer than I wanted. So in my mind, I wanted this thing to be done and gone and the consent order continues. So kind of the rush to the end, right, to the finish line. So we're going to continue to spend probably between now and the end of the year at the levels you've seen. There's no relief on that at all. As it relates to the cost of servicing, though, it's an important decision each bank has to make. The cost of servicing is remarkably higher now than it ever was. And to take you back a couple of quarters, I think I reminded you all that that's one of the things it does is it inspires you to stay at a higher quality of customer. So if I have a customer at a FICO level that there's a risk that we may have some form of a modification before their mortgage is through its life, I'm probably not going to do it anymore because the cost of handling that customer in the modification period and phase is expensive and it's rife with compliance risk and mistakes. So I'm just going to go a little higher than that and make sure that all customers we bank, at least going in, are not likely to have any concerns so the servicing cost to the bank are standard operating servicing as customers pay as agreed. When you start getting into that lesser quality customer, the cost of servicing goes way up, and we've been feeling that because we've been dealing with all these issues we've had to go back and remedy, but we're not going to do it going forward. So it's at least the rest of this year, Jack, we're going to have those costs and then my hope is that they'll start seeing some relief into the future years as mortgage servicing. We are sticking with it. We love the business. We're going to stay in the top five as a mortgage originator and a mortgage servicer, but for now those costs are just longer than I had hoped and they're at least the rest of this year.
Richard K. Davis: No, it's all out. So we haven't sold it, it's still out looking – we're looking at the bids and things, so it's still held for sale because we don't have an answer, but with our intent is to get entirely out of both the government and the private student loan category and take that off of our things to worry about.
Kathy Ashcraft Rogers: Yeah. I think, as Richard said, we were very pleased with what we saw in our momentum in the payments businesses. If you think about our merchant processing, I'll start there, I think that's one of our better stories right now. In the first quarter, if you take out the impact of FX, we grew about 5%. As we look into second quarter, that number grew to about 7.5%. Same-store sales were kind of in that in the North American market in about that 5.5% range. And I think that – so we are seeing some additional growth there that we think will continue as we look forward. Our credit and debit card fees were also, we saw momentum there. We've been talking about the fact that rewards costs have been a headwind for us and that was absolutely true. In the first quarter, as you recall, we had a year-over-year growth of 0.9%. This year, you will see that growth increasing. So that headwind is diminishing and as we get into the later quarters, I would expect to even see more improvement as that continues to diminish in the second half of the year. So we are very pleased with the momentum there and would expect to see some good signs of this as we look out into future quarters.
Kathy Ashcraft Rogers: John, I'm going to say I think we're starting to see the margin stabilize and I think that's coming from a couple of different reasons. As Richard mentioned earlier, we are starting to see a pickup in our loan growth on the retail side and that's going to help. As you recall, we've been calling out an impact of several basis points on a linked quarter basis related to the mix of our growth. So as retail starts to pick up, that's going to help us. Additionally, what we are seeing is that as loans and securities run off and we're replacing them with new, that spread between what's running off and coming on is starting to get a little closer together, so – or getting smaller. So that's going to help us as well. So I think, as I look out into the third quarter, I'm going to call that our net interest margin is going to be relatively stable.
Kathy Ashcraft Rogers: Yeah. Hi, John, you're absolutely right. It was higher than we saw in quarter two and I will tell you it's just continued growth across all business lines. I can't call out any particular business that had higher growth than the other. We had – we just continue to see strong growth in our wholesale, our consumer and our trust businesses.
Kathy Ashcraft Rogers: Yeah. I think at this point, what you'll see is, as loans start to increase, that will really help offset the deposit increase, so I think you'll see that. There might be some modest investment security just based on the balance sheet positioning and so forth, but it's really going to be used by deposits – or loans. The deposit growth will be used by loans.
Kathy Ashcraft Rogers: Well, let me start with the LCR first. And I will tell you that, at the end of last year, we had met that ratio. So we were fully compliant with LCR at the end of 2014. I will tell you one other aspect of our earning asset growth in addition to investment securities that's held for sale particularly around our mortgage environment, so I think that as you think about total earning asset growth, I think that it will more closely approximate loans going forward, but you'll have to take into account the held for sale activity as – depending on what the mortgage market does.
Kathy Ashcraft Rogers: Well, I think, on a linked quarter basis, we would start to think that we're – we do feel confident we'll be back into that 1% to 1.5% range.
Kathy Ashcraft Rogers: Yes. So as you stated, we had a really good quarter from a year-over-year basis. We grew our app volume about 35%. As we look forward into quarter three, I do think that we'll probably see a decline in our refi balances. So I would expect as we look into quarter three, on a linked quarter basis, our application volumes will be probably down a little bit. I would say from a fee standpoint, we may be – our fee income might be modestly lower than what it is this quarter, but it's very early in the quarter. It's going to depend a lot on what we see in the rate – with the rate market and the appetite for purchases. So we'll give you a little bit of – more heads up on that as we go further into the quarter.
Kathy Ashcraft Rogers: Here's what I'd say, Mike. You have to remember, recall, for us, the second quarter is seasonally high because of our payment business and just some deposit service charges. So, I wouldn't think to annualize that quarter. I would look more at it on a year-over-year basis and I would say that we did see – we saw momentum in our payments businesses. I think that's going to continue. We had strong growth in our trust and investment management fees and I think that we would expect that to continue as well. So I would look at it a little bit more on a year-over-year basis and assume that we'll continue to add some momentum there.
Andrew J. Cecere: Good morning, Thomas. You know it's about our customers. So our customers are choosing to go longer in terms of their mortgage product given the low rate and the fixed rate and the 30-year. So they're financing out of either what they have today or variable floating into longer jumbo. We want to serve our customers' needs so we're putting those in our books. They're not coming out as loss, they're just coming out a little thinner spread than what would be historic, but given our low cost of capital as well as our low funding costs, they're still profitable for us.
Andrew J. Cecere: Sure, Bill. On a quarterly basis, it's down principally due to seasonality, so that is not uncommon from quarter one to quarter two to be down; on a year-over-year basis, it's about 2%. Part of the factor that is impacting that is auto sales, and spend is up closer to 5%, 5.5%. People are paying down more of their balances with perhaps some of the excess they're getting from the fuel side of the equation, so we're seeing pay it down rates being higher, revolve rates being lower, even though sales are up.
Andrew J. Cecere: I think for the most part, that interchange impact will not impact Elavon in Europe, so it will – our rate of revenue will not be impacted by that change.
Andrew J. Cecere: The other thing that I'd mention, Richard, is the normal seasonality to our tax amortization – our tax credit business, which again is reflected in our tax rate all year but goes up through the year just normal seasonality and that's probably $30 million to $40 million (43:04).
Andrew J. Cecere: Yeah. And somewhat consistent with what we are seeing in housing prices. The average line that we booked in the second quarter was up 7% versus a year ago, and the average balance of our home equity account is up over 10%.
Andrew J. Cecere: It is all prime, Vivek. We started a little initiative about a year-and-a-half ago to pursue the subprime, but the volume and the opportunity there was not sufficient, so we're no – we're completely a prime shop.
Andrew J. Cecere: Yeah. And I'm just talking about on an absolute basis, if we think about spreads and profitability, when we book that next lease that's still quite profitable. The next loan, prime auto loans is probably one of the most competitive dynamic – loan categories on the balance sheet today.
Andrew J. Cecere: ...in a different line. So it's not even that number at all. That is because our corporate trust business is doing well, we continue to be number one market share across all three categories: muni, corporate and structured; doing well both domestically as well as our small footprint in Europe which is growing. So that is just strong business growth and taking share.
Andrew J. Cecere: Well, it's part of the structured business and the way we – and the way the documents are compiled. So it's a normal process. Many banks do it. It's not unusual and it's – we've been doing it because it is part of the document.
