Richard K. Davis: Thanks, Andy. 2012 was a record-setting year for U.S. Bank. We achieved record earnings and record total net revenue, resulting in industry-leading performance metrics. And further, we continue to invest in our businesses and strategically acquired new partners. We added more customers and grew market share. We maintained strong and growing capital and liquidity positions. And we returned $3.4 billion of the company's earnings to our shareholders, and next year, we expect to return more. In 2013, we will celebrate the 150th anniversary of U.S. Bank. Since our charter was signed in 1863, we have managed through the times of prosperity and adversity. We've grown by investing in our business through acquisition. We have learned from and capitalized on the lessons of our past and become what we are today, a company with a well-diversified business model and a prudent risk management, a company with the ability to produce consistent, predictable and repeatable results. We're focused on the future and continuing to build momentum into 2013 for the benefit of our customers, our employees, our communities and our shareholders. That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Bill and I would now be happy to answer questions from the audience.
Richard K. Davis: Yes. John, this is Richard. There's -- it's pretty much the same story. I think the fiscal cliff uncertainty caused the very last couple of weeks to be a bit muted. But if you take quarter 4 and look into quarter 1, I think at the end of the day, you're going to see a pretty sustainable range of that 4% to 6% annualized. We came in at the high end of that range in quarter 4. I think we're on track for the high end of that for quarter 1, but I wouldn't jump outside of that range based on what I'm seeing. I don't think that people care as much about the debt ceiling and the debate that will occur later in the quarter as they do about the bottom line to their paychecks, as they did about the fiscal cliff. But I do think it's still a fairly uncertain environment, and people at the first of the year aren't jumping on anything new.
Richard K. Davis: I did so, yes. We're in the lower end of that 60% to 80% range. It's our goal to get -- move further into that range. I doubt that we'll get to 80%, and part of the reason for that is we're still investing in the company. You guys are allowing us to do that, and I think we're getting good returns for those investments. But the CCAR results will be known in a couple of months, and we've put in a request that we think is very fair and reasonable and will help us move that deeper into the 60% to 80% range.
Richard K. Davis: We -- not really. I wouldn't have brought it up. I knew you'd ask. And the M&A activity was higher at year's end for all the reasons that people were trying to time and sequence their activities before a fiscal cliff possibility, but not notable. To us, it was not a real impact. As I said, everything kind of slowed down at the very end of the year. That happens anyway, but to a more of a screeching halt just because people were waiting to see what happened, and there's a bit of that recovery in the first few weeks, as John's question might have belied. But if you take the 2 quarters in total, I don't think you'll see any distinction about that fiscal cliff when it's all said and done. And for us, the -- I'd like to give you color on loan differences by geography or loan type or customer, and it really isn't much different than the last couple of quarters we've had in 2012. So for us, it's a lot more of the same. I guess, the recession was -- ended 14 quarters ago, as I'm told. It probably doesn't feel like it to all of us, but whatever recovery we've been under continues to be slow and methodical, and we're feeling the exact same thing. Just a little bit better every month, every quarter, but it's so small you have to go back and add it together just to notice it. So we're seeing that same phenomenon. Not much to report.
Richard K. Davis: Yes. The answer -- it's Richard. The answer is yes. That is the cost that we had primarily to third-party overseers. The entire mortgage servicing business has gotten more expensive because of the new rules, some of which will get finalized in a week or 2 from the CFPB. But under the consent order, the rules have been very stringent, and so we have many, many more employees in run rate cost to managing the servicing portfolio than we used to. Those do not change. For the $50 million that Andy cited, we're primarily the third-party overseers, and that does end. And yes, we can reinvest that back in the company.
Richard K. Davis: You could, that's a --I'm saying but there are other costs that we're not talking about, which are still burdened in there on a comparative period from prior period. It's a lot more expenses around the mortgaging servicing business than it used to be. We're up to it. We're making enough to offset it. But I didn't want you to think that $50 million was all of the -- was the incremental cost of doing this business, because it's gotten a lot more expensive over the last couple of years.
Richard K. Davis: We've been very careful not to build a church for Easter Sunday. I mean, we're not -- we're able to accommodate all of our volume today, but we've got a pretty good variable capability of reducing quickly, adding quickly. And as you look at the future, while it may be higher refis today, we're building this bank to handle new purchases and then be a market leader in that area, which is why we're spending so much care on high quality today because that will affect the reputation we have for the clients that we'll use as the new purchase money when rates start to go up and we start replacing the refi activity. So we're going to overperform the service quality. We're going to have more than enough people in all the places today, but we can adjust very, very quickly. It's one of our best talents around here, and you can well bet that we won't be caught with overhang if there's a change somewhere along the way.
Richard K. Davis: So my impressions are actually very positive. I thought they did a nice job of, what I'll call, soft landing, again, to what otherwise was a risk of really muting a slow but assured recovery. Not only is the 43% debt-to-income a fair assumption and a fair starting point, but the very, very slow transition they're going to have with the Freddie/Fannie rule standards and being able to imply those for quite some time, it's -- I'd like to say it's not a non-issue, but it's not a huge issue. And I think they gave us a lot of time to manage that, never mind we have the whole rest of 2013 to get it right. So I think for the industry, it's something more like 5% to 10% impact. We would be in that same range. And I believe that as we look over the course of time, if I look at it in the cold light part of day, if some of those rules had been around for the industry, particularly the sub-prime and non-bank providers, we actually would have had a better outcome and less of a problem. So I actually think they were quite good. What it means for the rest of the other loans, I don't think it has an infectious impact yet. I only say that because I haven't heard that as one of the next steps. I think there's plenty of other things to work on with the CFPB, particularly non-banks and other activities related to deposit gathering and service charges and things. But, Nancy, I think undoubtedly it will start to take on non-mortgage activity, things that are asset-based but are not necessarily in the same category of the higher risks of bringing down the world. So probably over the next few years, we'll see some -- the same attributes. But I don't think that they are at all immediate, and I don't think when they do come they'll be that bad.
Richard K. Davis: Yes. I'll go first. We do expect it to slow compared to 2012 because we're prudent and careful, and I tell you that because I also promised you positive operating leverage for 2013, so that just means we're going to be watching our expenses. And, Greg, if you follow the story for the last 5 or 6 years, you and your peers have allowed us to be pretty aggressive in spending and catching up on our CapEx. Some of our acquisitions and some of our just investments in the company have been pretty high, and yet we've continued to keep our expense relationship to revenue quite good. That's what we're going to continue to do. But we're on the tail end of that area of investing so extensively, and so the good news is this is a good year for us to keep our expenses more run-rate-related, more in check from not having to play any kind of catch-up. And it's going to be perfect because revenue is expected to grow a little bit less than last year, still positive. They'll both grow. Revenue will grow, expenses will grow by less. We'll grow the balance sheet. We'll have positive operating leverage; we'll make good net income. But each will be muted from the year before. And if, by any chance, things start to get better and the world warms up and we can benefit from that, then the expenses are easily adjusted and we can be more aggressive in some of our investments inside the company, more organic. So we've got a pretty good ability to move those levers quickly, but I want to make it easier to turn clearly. We will grow revenue, but we will just grow it at a pace that's commensurate with the kind of expenses that are needed to keep that in positive operations.
Richard K. Davis: We do, yes. Greg, we do. In fact, one of my favorite lines around here is we might be doing really well in tough times but we're building the bank to be great in great times. That's a real important distinction because we're able to handle the kind of muted environment. But when things get good and they get good fast, when that happens, we want to be out in front. The highest debt rating in the business, the reputation we've been able to create over our service quality and some of these new businesses that have kind of rounded out the rest of the capabilities for this company are serving us really well right now. But those are the things that were really meant, I think, the kind of profitability we want in good times. So I'm quite optimistic about it. We used to call it a window of opportunity, where our high position compared to our peers, the high quality of the company, the balance sheet was serving us benefits. That window has been opened longer than I thought it would, and it's getting wider as time passes. And I might close with our staff is better now at leveraging our strength. They're more proud of the company. They're more assured that the company is distinctively performing better in most categories, and they take that story to the customer. And they do a better job of developing better relationships and getting more business. So I'm quite robust in my comments about what this will do for us when times start to get better. We just need to get over the transom of the industry until the economy warms up again.
Richard K. Davis: Well, this is Richard. We continue to add people, so we're actually flying into the face of the wind here by continuing to believe that until the refi business is assuredly slowing, which we thought 2 years ago, we thought a year ago and I actually don't think even this year will slow. But if it did, we can handle it, for the earlier question. But we're also actually putting more into it. So until it isn't strong, we're going to be stronger. So we're putting more and more into that business, Todd, and building kind of market share value. And as I mentioned, we're also probably putting a little bit more in even than some of our peers, because we want our service quality to be tough quality. We want people to want to do business with us because they'll come back again in the future when they're looking for purchase, as opposed to a refi. We want to be a market share leader in both circumstances. And I'll tell you what you already know, but unless the refis have just absolutely hit some saturation, which they haven't so far and nobody has ever figured out how many times people can refinance a house. They seem to be able to do that endlessly. But when that happens, it's going to be probably as a result of rates starting to trip up. And when rates start to move up, there are other things in the company's balance sheet and income statement that actually will offset the loss of what would be mortgage momentum and then will turn it into a different spread on a different, more purchase-related portfolio, and we'll be getting benefits somewhere else. So it may not be an exact moment in time, but we actually see that to be a pretty good transition when that happens. But more importantly, we're adding more and more to our business and growing it right now while refis are strong and then able to turn that in a heartbeat if and when that moment comes that you've talked about.
Richard K. Davis: So Andy teased it out a minute ago when we mentioned that we've got some business lines that are still in kind of their teenage years, our capital markets, some of our wholesale lines of business, wealth management for sure. And those investment curves are behind us, Moshe, but the benefits are still ahead of us. And in fact, in a couple of cases, they've been actually net negative to bottom line in this course of getting them to where they are now. So we've got some natural intracompany opportunities that will mature in another year. It gives them the chance, no matter what the environment is, to get better and stronger. The second thing is we're continuing to build into our technology, in our infrastructure, the mobile banking and mobile payments capability, which you know is -- everybody has a little of that, but that's one of our sweet spots. If you think about U.S. Bank a couple of years ago, you liked us for a lot of reasons, not the least of which is you like our payments business. But you should expect us now is to make that payments business more than corporate, more than government, more than merchant and more now mobile payments for all consumers. And by the recent acquisition of FSV, the prepayment company, and some of the other activities we've been doing in payments, you should expect a lot more from us there, a real leadership position. That investment curve is probably in its middle stages but already parts of it are going to start driving some benefits. And those are fee-based opportunities that don't exist today, that we haven't yet been able to bring to the income statement. So I'm quite optimistic about our own intracompany maturity and the things that we've invested in that will start coming to bear. And that's why I said we'll do well even in tough times. When times get really good, all that stuff got kind of a trebling effect, and it's all very positive.
Richard K. Davis: Yes. So we did 2 things there. We promised you that we would still get to that 50% recovery. But we told you we're not quite there, and we're not there yet. Two things have happened because we've given ourselves more time. One is we're just growing a lot more net customers. You guys don't suffer through us talking about net customers and going through that because it's a real hard number to measure and everybody can say it. So I just don't waste our time on that. But the fact is, is that our numbers would belie, in hindsight, that we are growing the company. We don't have a free checking product, which is a good thing because we do have customers now that are here on purpose. They don't have second and tertiary accounts that really don't make any money. We've established a relationship on a package basis, where we can add attributes and/or upsell them into something more reasonable, but for which they know they're buying and for which they have value for. And on top of that, we've taken the same time on consumers, and we've gotten really good at Small Business. Rick Hartnack is the Head of Consumer Banking, who's retiring next month. He actually succeeded me in running Consumer Banking and Small Business. The thing he did that I didn't do when I ran it was he took Small Business and put it on the map for our company, and we are now a very capable and an industry-leading small business provider, both checking accounts and loans and lines. And Moshe, that has been a huge benefit, kind of under the watermark. You can't see it under the surface, but it's a huge driver for the company. It is driving a big part of the closures, some of that fee business is, that we lost to Durbin or some of the CARD Act and things like that because now we just have more of those customers. And they're buying stuff, paying for it, they're aware of it and they want it. So I'm pretty excited about what that cause does to do, which was get good at more things for more people. But we're still not quite where we needed to be to recover all that fee. We'll have to do it again over the course of time. And I think mobile payment is going to -- to tie in my last question -- is going to be one of the things that will help us to derive a new revenue stream that doesn't exist today.
Richard K. Davis: We're not a big HARP company, and so those are small nuances for us, Kevin. But our company, based on the way we originated in the first place, we just don't have a lot of our volume attributed to that. So when you saw last year a lot of the volume in refis was HARP-related, it was a good question to ask was when does that start to slow. For us, it won't matter in the first place. It was never a big part, and those new reps and warranties and things coming out are very de minimis for us, and they're not going to change our forecast.
Richard K. Davis: Yes. There's -- the answer is of course. And that comes in the form of getting better at it, centralizing more of it, automating more of it. But a fair amount of it is a derivative of what started out as the settlement discussion with the big 5 mortgage services, which we weren't a part of, then the consent order. And now what we're waiting for is what will be the final servicing rules that the CFPB owes everybody by January 21. Whatever those will be, I suspect they won't be any more onerous than the consent orders provided, which requires us to do very, very high-bar servicing. So, for instance as an example, the thing called single point of contact, if you were customer in a modified situation, we have to assign you a person. You get Andy Cecere. But if Andy Cecere weren't available at any time for you, then you have to know that Richard Davis will be there for you. And Andy and Richard always have to be there, 1 of the 2 of them, and if perchance they're not, then we have to make sure that Bill is there and that you know Bill is taking over. And it's very, very tedious, right? So I suspect that might be an overreaction to a consent order process to make sure that we all get something right that wasn't at the level they wanted it. So that's the kind of cost we're bearing today that weren't around a couple of years ago. And is it worth it? It's a better servicing model, I'm sure. But I think the new rules will give us kind of a steady answer. So 90 days from now on this call, ask me again and we'll tell you, looking back, what the final rules look like. I suspect they'll be more expensive than they were before rules. I suspect for our company they might actually be less than they are today because we're trying to overperform in the consent order to make sure we can get out of it.
Richard K. Davis: No. It's probably 25% to 50% higher. So if we're double, we're out of the business because there's not much margin. But it's a new run rate that we've had in the company now for 6 quarters. So for us, it would only be upside if it were to be lesser than it is today. And if it were the same, then we're already bearing that burden, and we can manage to it because the overall business is worthwhile. But it's -- I don't expect it to get worse. So the good news for us is I think we're at a high watermark, and we look forward to, I think, some sustainable new results. And that's why it will go back to consolidating and automating and getting the rules set. Once we know it's permanent, then we can lock down a final protocol.
Richard K. Davis: Kevin, I won't give that number. I'll tell you it's not 0, and it's not 100%. I don't know what it is. We really actually don't think of it that way because we don't think we're in a permanent circumstance. So we're -- I can answer that question in 90 days when we figure out and look back on the new servicing rules. It'll be higher than it used to be. But it won't be inordinately too high and won't want to stay in the business.
Richard K. Davis: I just want to thank you all for giving us the support you've given us last year. Much as I wish we had some huge banner headlines to give you, I'm kind of glad we don't. I also appreciate the fact that we try to tell you what we know when we know things. Even -- when we have an opportunity for a public disclosure, we'll tell you what we see. We'll continue to refresh that in March when we get another chance to be in a public setting. And we just -- we value transparency and consistency and predictability, and we're going to continue to deliver that to you. So thank you for a good year.
Andrew Cecere: Yes, John. This is Andy. We -- our goal has always been a 60% to 80% return, the combination of dividends and buybacks. We were within that range in 2012. We would expect and we plan to be within that range in 2013. That's how we submitted the CCAR. And as discussed, we'll hear back somewhere towards the end of March regarding the results.
Andrew Cecere: We don't break that out. But let me give you a couple of facts, Paul, just to maybe round out some of the story. Right around 69% of our production was refinance activity, and gain on sale margins that you see are down a bit. But I think an important fact, too, is the application because we booked the majority of our revenue at app. And our net apps or our gross apps, both of them, were down about 6.7%. Now some of that can be attributable to -- attributed to the seasonality factor that occurs in the fourth quarter, particularly around the holiday season. We still expect the first half of the year to be relatively strong from a mortgage perspective, but the fourth quarter was down a bit principally due to seasonality.
Andrew Cecere: Probably a combination of a little bit of both. And if I do my gain on sale from a perspective of apps, it was down maybe 10 or 15 basis points.
Andrew Cecere: Yes, John. So we talked about the fact that we expected the fourth quarter to be down 4% to 6%, it was down 4%. I would expect a similar decline in the first quarter, perhaps a little bit more because the first quarter is seasonally lower with regard to loan fees, both on the wholesale as well as retail side. So down similar level, perhaps a bit more because of loan fees.
Andrew Cecere: Yes, it does, John. So the reinvestment risk right now is that $2 billion to $2.5 billion that runs off every month, putting -- and I'm putting it back on in a conservative fashion. The differential in spreads or rate is about 70 to 75 basis points. Because the duration is not that long, as I move into the end of this year and into '14, that starts to compress because what I'm -- what's coming off now is at a lower rate. So that will dissipate over time.
Andrew Cecere: Yes. Well, we experienced about $50 million in quarters 3 and 4. We may have a little bit of a tail on that in the first quarter, $5 million to $10 million, but then it will go away.
Andrew Cecere: So Erika, certainly, the adverse case matters. But in our case, anyway, the severely adverse case was more of the binding constraint from the perspective of capital return. So -- and that was the harsher economic downturn, the lower GDP, the higher unemployment. That was a more material factor principally related to credit costs for our numbers. And with regard to OCI, as we've talked about, we are keeping our own cushion of 50 basis points over and above what we project to be our CP buffer of 50, so we get to the 8%. And that's to accommodate the fluctuations of volatility that occurs with OCI, and that's why we keep that cushion.
Andrew Cecere: Ian, I would say that the variable expense component of the mortgage business, depending upon the type of production and where it's originated from, would be anywhere between 25% and 40%.
Andrew Cecere: We're fairly -- our mortgage team is very good at the hedging process here. Our net hedge results this quarter was about a $29 million gain versus about $9 million last quarter and about the same level, $30 million, a year ago. So we are very conservative in our approach, and we do try to take into account -- we do take into account all the factors that you described.
Andrew Cecere: Sure. In our case, Nancy, our risk-weighted asset number to total GAAP assets is about 88%. So we don't have a big difference. The differentials for a bank like us and our business model is just not that material. And if you think about our leverage ratio on a -- it's not significant. In fact, it's higher on a Tier 1 number versus our Tier 1 common number, so it isn't a material impact for our company.
Andrew Cecere: And I would also -- I would comment that we have a couple of businesses that are at the early stages of the growth curve: our commercial products group, our high-grade bond business, municipal underwriting, our wealth management area, all areas that I think will grow in an accelerated fashion in 2013.
Andrew Cecere: Yes. I think it's just a timing factor, Todd. So I don't expect a blip like we saw this last quarter, like we saw last year. As the vintages increase, I do not expect that, and it will work down over time. But in the short term, I think it'll just be relative relatively stable because it takes a fair bit of time for the requests to work their way through the process.
Andrew Cecere: Yes. The provision blipped a couple of quarters, and the principal reason for that blip was the increase in the time frame that the GSEs were looking at. So, for example, you saw a $16 million increase this quarter. That was entirely due to that increase in vintage, the '05 and '04. So again, absent that, which I do not expect any more changes going forward, I would expect that to moderate and go downward.
P. W. Parker: Yes. No, the -- I mean, we're getting at the bottom for some of the gross charge-off rates if you look at credit cards, autos, even some of the commercial. And some of the commercial real estate categories are pretty strong now. So on the wholesale side, some of the impact will be really on the recovery levels that we see, which can -- those are more difficult to project. So we might see a little bit up and down based on recovery levels. But overall, it's just still working out some of the residual residential mortgage and home equity, which will still take another year or 2.
P. W. Parker: Well, we're certainly going to comment on it now. There's a comment due from the industry, and we'll comment on it between now and April. Probably the biggest area of impact, which is still the most uncertain, is credit cards. Credit cards take big reserves, and it's just not clear what life of loan means on an open line of credit like that, so a lot more work to be done.
P. W. Parker: And it's the back-end costs that have gotten more expensive. And as the housing market improves, we see fewer and fewer people with underwater mortgages. So over time, the volumes will go down over the next 2 to 3 years.
