Richard K. Davis: Thanks, Jen and good morning, everyone and thank you for joining our call. I’ll begin our review of U.S. Bank’s results with the summary of reported highlights on slide three of the presentation. I’m pleased to report that U.S. Bank reported record net income of $1.5 billion for the second quarter of 2016 or $0.83 per diluted common share.  The second quarter results include several notable items that together increased earnings per share by $0.01. These notable items include $180 million of equity investment income, primarily the result of our membership in Visa Europe, which was recently sold to Visa Incorporated. Additionally we recognized $110 million in accruals related to legal and regulatory matters and the $40 million charitable contribution. I’m very pleased with our second quarter results where we once again delivered industry leading profitability and posted record results for revenue, net income and earnings per share on both a reported as well as a core basis. Record revenues were driven by growth in average linked quarter loans of 1.6% as expected and continued strength in our fee businesses. While we saw a reduction in our linked quarter net interest margin as expected, we did report modest linked quarter growth in net interest income and strong growth in net interest income on a year-over-year basis. Total average deposit growth also remained strong at 7.6% versus the previous year, and included net income growth -- net new income account growth of 2.8%. Credit quality was stable for the second quarter as expected. The net charge-off ratio was unchanged at 48 basis points compared to the previous quarter and the previous year. And we recognized a modest improvement in non-performing assets, which was driven mainly by improvements in the energy credits.  Slide five provides you with a five quarter history of our profitability metrics, which continue to be among the best in the industry. Moving to the graph on the right, you will see that this quarter’s net interest margin was 3.02%, 4 basis points lower than the prior quarter, which was in line with our expectations. The industry continues to face headwinds from low interest rate environment and the flatter yield curve, which became more pronounced at the end of the second quarter and continues as we begin the third quarter.  The lower long-term rates will have an impact on our second half results, if the rates remain at these low historic levels. We would that given the current yield curve and expectations that the short-term rates will remain flat for the near-team, that the interest margin -- net interest margin will decline on a linked basis in the range of 3 to 4 basis points. However, we also expect net interest income to increase on a linked quarter basis, principally driven by an increase in earning assets.  Expenses excluding the notable items increase 3.4% at the bottom end of our expected range. And our efficiency ratio improved to 54% versus 54.6% in the prior fiscal quarter. As projected, quarter two expenses included a linked quarter increase in marketing expense related to the investment in our brand advertising, and also reflect the expected peak in our compliance related costs.  As we look out to the second half of the year, we’d expect expenses to grow, however, the rate of growth will be lower than the 3.4% linked quarter growth reported in the second quarter.  Turning to slide six, the company reported record net revenue of $5.4 million in the second quarter. Excluding the Visa Europe sales, revenue increased $226 million or 4.5% from the prior year. Our revenue growth was primarily driven by core loan growth, as well as strength in a number of our fee based businesses, including our payments, mortgage and wealth management businesses. We also saw strong results from our capital markets business, as we were well positioned to provide product and services to customers as they navigated through the recent market volatility. Kathy will now provide you with more details about our second quarter results.
Richard K. Davis: Thanks, Kathy. I am proud of our record second quarter results. We maintained our industry leading performance measures and we reported an 18.7% return on tangible common equity in the quarter. Our industry continues to face challenges from the low interest rate environment. However we remain confident that we’ll continue to grow revenue and prudently manage expenses while strategically investing in our business to create value for our shareholders.  That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Kathy, Terry, Bill and I will now be happy to answer your questions. 
Richard K. Davis: Just add to that, Bill I would add, we marked our portfolio at $35 a barrel for the second quarter. And we have no intention of releasing that reserve for some time and we see sustained higher levels of value on oil, but we do have at 8.8%, we think sufficient coverage and provision, and we’re quite pleased with how that portfolio is behaving at this point.
Richard K. Davis: Yeah, I appreciate that. So a picture of the bar fell up there, promising [ph] like crazy. Both knuckles are white, but we’re hanging in there. A couple of thoughts Jon, I want to start by saying, I’ll give you guys forward looking view that we intent at this point, at least for the second half of the year to stay in the 54% range. 54.0% to 54.9% kind of a range in our efficiency ratio. And I’m giving you that, because I don’t know exactly with no interest rates, flat -- very flat yield curve and that can move either than can move anytime and it seem to be very volatile. We’re not giving up on positive operating leverage, but it’s getting a lot harder. And I’d rather just tell you guys that we’re going to stay at the same current level and we’ve been there for a couple of quarters now of efficiency. Because what I’m saying is we already are under a pretty steady and measured expense control program. We’ve got an FTE hold in the company that look for any growth items and areas of compliance. We haven’t added those now since February of last year, and we continue to watch all the non-critical expenses, the discretionary expenses to a point that we think is it’s right up to the line, where it would start to impair our new growth. And you guys invest in us not just for this quarter or next quarter, but for the long-term, and we’re going to be very careful not to over react. And we have been careful so far not to do that.  So our expenses will go up as we said less than the 3.4% linked quarter, next quarter would be 2.5% to 3%. And as Kathy mentioned, half of that will in the FDIC premium cost and in the CDC, which typically has higher expenses in the second half. So rest is just core part of adding people for portfolios, adding to compliance. And as you said, professional services starts it did peak this quarter starts to come down. So I’ll tell you it comes down very slowly. So it’s not a big measured improvement. But it is at least a point in fact that this will be our highest quarter I hope on record. So that gives you a little more color and I think the 54% range that gives us enough room to have surprises during the quarter, but also protect the knowledge for you that we’re not going to do something it get to 52 and I don’t see this thing moving into 55s or 56s.
Richard K. Davis: Sure. So the consent order as you know is preclude us from whole bank transactions particularly things with branch banking and as we go through this consent order it takes quite some time not only to get things where they need to be, but to sustain and improve that they stay there and we are in those processes now. So I have no idea what the exit time will be, but we are working closely with our regulators to make sure that we have permissions particularly to be released from any part of the consent order first if that’s helpful to us to get back into the traditional M&A business. However, I remind you that our M&A in the area of merchant portfolios, credit card portfolios, mortgage business activities, trust activities none of those are precluded under that order and those have been exactly the things we have in the last five years consistently as part of our M&A. So we haven’t been precluded from doing what we wanted to do and as I said before there hasn’t been a bank deal or a branch deal that we wanted since the Citizens Chicago deal that we’ve included from. So our goal is to get out of it as soon as possible so we don’t have any barriers on our options. But for now it’s not impairing any of ability to run the company or find opportunities to acquire.
Richard K. Davis: I’ll add to that, this is Richard. Just if you are going to bring up proxy question I’ll help you out here. For Brexit, first of all it’s not material and it’s pretty neutral to the bank. But if it shows up anywhere it shows up in our European businesses, which is merchant acquiring. You may recall those of you who followed us for a decade, we started our business merchant acquiring business in the UK that’s where it’s actually headquartered. So a disproportion amount of business is in the UK. And actually if there is a lot of prognosis I believe there will be a lot of travel and visits and spending over the UK which is net positive for us. And given our portfolio mix being heavy on hotels, retail, hoteliers and airlines that could be quite positive as well offsetting any variances that may occur in the rest of the European market through this disruption. So we’re seeing Brexit as fairly neutral to not material to maybe even little bit positive.  As it relates to our employees, we have a few hundred employees that are working in the UK and or in around Europe that would either have to have past reporting circumstances change for them because they’re either UK employees working in Europe or European employees working in the UK that’s something that will roll over the next couple of years. There is no rush to it and there has been no reaction there we’re not changing any of our strategies as a result of that.
Richard K. Davis: Yeah I will go first, I want to go first on that. CRE has got as you know for our company is one of the areas we want to be particularly conservative in much as we love it and we’re very big in it. And so the scrutiny it’s high in the industry I’m quite comfortable that the scrutiny will not be placed here because we’ve been conservative for a decade and we continue to be underwriting. I’ll also remind you that commercial real estate has a CMBS market where there is a lot of activity. And our guys are filling it with a lack of buyers coming particularly from the life insurers has affect the refinance and purchase activity, which only serves to say that there is a reduced pace to payoffs. So part of the increase is actually good news we’re keeping the customers we have. But we’re not striving to get new customers at any kind of risk of underwriting or at pricing change. I think the portfolio will prove itself more overtime. Andy and Bill can add little color about where the growth is and where we see the pockets of strength. But we love this business; we’re very good at it. But I promise you we’re just not going to get greedy at a time like this in the marketplace on terms or underwriting. Because it’s easy to do and it’s not going to happen here. So Andy you might go first.
Richard K. Davis: Yeah thanks, Scott. I think we got to question five before we got to NIM, that’s pretty good. I’ll be very clear, what we said it was in quarter three which is all we can see into. We have a 3 to 4 basis point prediction of NIM decrease. I have no idea what quarter four would be. As we woke up this morning, you know that the call for interest rate increases is 21% for September, 36% for December. Better than zero worse than it was when we talked last time. So we’re not going to bet on any of that, but to the extent that any of it comes back would be terrific. Also the 10 years above 150 again thank god. That is helpful to us as interest rate increases. And you know there is an equal impact on the income statement based on that.  So if we can manage through these very worse time which is continued zero interest rate increases and very, very low tenure. We can manage through just about anything which is how we’re building the lower for longer kind of term around the company. So for one quarter we can see that pressure. We can’t predict beyond that. I’ll have Kathy talk a bit more about the sequencing and the importance of the refinancing that occurs in the securities. And the fact that we’re actually seeing stable performance in most margin areas for compression as it relates to competitors.
Richard K. Davis: So Scott, let it be said at the end, we remind you that net interest income will increase in quarter three. So we can out [ph] on this in the outset growth, but it’s going to be continued more challenging until we get interest rate increases around that.
Richard K. Davis: No it doesn’t Ken. And we’re nowhere near those lines. I mean we take what the market gives us and then make sure that we apply it appropriately to the balance sheet and therefore the income statement. But there is no -- we're not near any of the line where we’re evaluating the value of even deposits. We're self-collecting deposits and happy to take them because they will be more necessary in the future. And we’re pricing loans at the right level to win the high quality and the securities portfolio is kind of a result of all of that. But it wouldn’t be a driver it would be a follower. And there is nothing in our strategy that’s going to change at this stage. And there is nothing that’s getting us close to edge where we have to sit down and strategize on our balance sheet as it relates to a mix or an area of that appetite that we haven’t already demonstrated.
Richard K. Davis: I am glad you asked that because that gotten just neither didn’t telegraph well or just gotten missed in a lot of the models. And it’s real money and it's also real value. So I’m glad to have that clarity. Thanks for asking it. 
Richard K. Davis: Mike it’s a great question. They are improving slowly, but I’ll tell you what, I wish I’ll be here 10 years from now to prove that, but we are taking market share, swear to god honest Injun. We are taking market share. We have been for years. Think of our home equity portfolio it’s still growing, albeit slightly, but that’s been shrinking across the industry. Auto loans we’ve never got not of it, so we are selling it big, leasing or now one of the few players literally quite capable at it we’ve been doubling down on credit cards and you are seeing some of our recent portfolio and partnerships. So it’s mostly in market share, there is not a market that’s actually weaker than it was a year ago, but for intents and purposes there is not a market much stronger than it was either. And what I think really turns on the dial for banks is when corporate America is more confident and I don’t mean the original old unconfident we’re always uncertain. But things with a Presidential Election in the offering things like Brexit uncertainties we don’t need any of the things like that to continue to give corporate America a reason to just wait and but for M&A and for restructuring their balance sheet corporate America is not organically doing big things at least not needing banks in that process. So that’s when the thing really starts to take-off. But in the meantime we are all getting it out in the trenches, trying to keep more customers and do more with the ones we have. And I just think the right answer as much as it’s hard to prove is that we are doing it in our case with market share growth.
Richard K. Davis: I think I meant to say every market is a little stronger than it was last year. So yes, but not very much.
Richard K. Davis: Let me say first of all we were very pleased with our CCAR results. I always joke at the stress test and it’s effective because we are stressed the whole time. Also be reminded we haven’t had the final exit exams on all the details and you also know we’ll never know exactly how the model works. But I’ll remind you that in this particular cycle the negative interest rate scenario was added and that’s hard for any of us to predict exactly how that fair for each bank. But I know that that had an impact on what was likely the PPNR for every bank. As you know we continue to be at the top on the PPNR bearly in this case we are slightly below break even, but in the years past we’ve always been above and I think on a relative basis we even performed better. So I’m not concerned about trying to predict that and I think that the test continues to be effective in helping us all understand whether or not on a most stressed scenario we would be okay. Acquirers had more limited capital distribution and so we don’t think that’s a factor to us because it’s not as relevant to us as it will be some others. But I think as you look at the stress test results and you apply it across different kinds of companies it’s not unusual to see different distribution model based on both what we are starting from, what the stress test would do to us and where we would end.
Richard K. Davis: No, I mean emphatically no, in fact it doesn’t have any impact on it at all. What we wanted to do is we want to continue to understand the best methodologies that they use in stress testing the loan portfolio. So we can better understand what mechanics are in there so we can predict those better than we have in the past. But we also continue to outperform on the PPNR as it relates to their satisfaction in the model with how much money we’ll make. So it works both ways but every year we get smarter every year we go back and do our best to evaluate it and as I said we are a little bit early on getting any formal feedback which we’ll be getting in the next couple of weeks between this and the next time we talk.
Richard K. Davis: So Vivek, this is a point of frustration for me, because we in the first couple of years, I was really worried, if we were different than them how bigger deal could that be. I will say that history is probably now better dictate than testing itself. And if you look in the last seven years, which is exact timeframe that we’ve got the stress test our commercial portfolios outperformed almost everybody and done very, very well. And so, I’m not challenging the test, I’m just challenging that we’re never going to figure out what they put in, Kathy gave you a hint. We think our commitments have been growing faster than anybody, well in addition to our loan growth. And I think if they take a model where all the commitments go to 100%, and they go to charge-off, that could be it. We have a big government portfolio in our corporate business, which if they take a 90 day late pay and take the whole portfolio to charge-off, maybe that could be it. And as simple as it sounds, we’ll never get the answer, even to those questions I just offered. So what we will do is continue to watch our own performance as you should measure the dictate on how well we’ve actually done in charge-offs and non-performs over the course of time. So we’ll just do our best to get closer on that test. But we don’t understand exactly ourselves, how it test like it does, when the results themselves show that way.
Richard K. Davis: Vivek, I would say it doesn’t shift, it’s just -- it’s a reflection of what’s occurring in the market. We’ve had traditionally two strong growth areas in fees, trust and our payments group, and it’s great to have this third area come in and started taking what the market gives us. And given this low rate environment and the volatility, things like credit fixed income FX are very strong as well as derivatives. So it’s great that we have these businesses, which in fact 10 years ago we didn’t have. So it’s a positive add to the fee businesses that we have. 
Richard K. Davis: Good question, Bill. First of all, we are clear exchanges [ph]. So we’re going to be on either side of that transaction. But I’ll tell you it’s the same answer I gave three years ago with Square, when Square started coming out big with Starbucks, and at least for now not for long-term, but for now, most of these transactions are taking money out of this, cash out of the system not other card, debit or credit transactions. There is still so much cash in our system, in our society, there is plenty of disintermediation of cash a long before it starts to tap up against the other card businesses and that’s what we are all planning for in the near-term and that could be a couple of years. But short beyond that period of time, we all have to be very thoughtful and your question is right on the money, as it relates to what’s the evolving relationship between real time Pay-to-Pay, card, card not present, and the mobility of people moving money about in the different environment.  Remember we’re still under a Federal Reserve circumstance that settles overnight and not over the weekend. So there is still a big disconnect and we have those things to fix systemically, before we get to a real time payment. But for now, disintermediation is mostly seen on cash and that’s a net positive for us in the other banks, because that we have no benefit in cash moving about for the most part, we do when it starts to monetize itself in the form of the payment. 
Richard K. Davis: Yeah that’s right. So think about this is P2P right. Then there is P2B, people are paying their bills and there is a B2P where people are trying to business are reaching out to you and giving you reason to buy things and send money back. And then there is B2B which we’re all working on including block chain. And then we’re working on all of those alternative most of those are so nascent. I think as a banking category those are just all upside for us, because there is so much opportunity and much less to see remediation. But you’re on to something, Bill and there will be a time. Right now babysitters you go home and you pay him cash, you write them check. Now you’re going to start doing it in real time between you and the 17 year old and the money moves. We’re assuming remediating something that’s right now not a debit or credit card. But overtime this is something we have to put the whole universe together and figure it out. And I’ve said this before I’ll say it again the banks as a collaborative are working better together than we ever have to make sure we work together and create a better circumstance for all of our clients. And I think that’s a big plus in the last couple of years if we see payments emerge as a real time issue. 
Richard K. Davis: Yeah that’s generally where it’s going to be. Because we’ve got the merchant acquiring activity, which we’ve talked about a little bit here before. So I think we’ll make -- we'll call it neutral for now based on what you can Kevin just because we have such a UK influence. I think there is a positive in UK enter UK and there is probably side negative enter Continental Europe. But we’re going to say that to be net to favorably positive on the payment side.  Terry you got the trust side, you got a lot of employees in the Brexit impact there, you might talk about that. 
Richard K. Davis: Yeah good question. In my 54% range of efficiency we’re holding steady to finish what we start at this year on our marketing and branding campaign because there is a value and stability and sustainability in messaging. As you know people have to do things seven times to remember them once. So we’re not going to give up on that and then the cost of third-party assistance on compliance as I said starts to tick down slowly. So those are both sustainable for the rest of this year. But trust me everything we can control continues to be in our gun sights. And marketing is one of those things that if it has to go it has to go, but I’d love very much to not cut it off just a bit too soon if in fact we’re on the advent of some times here what we can afford to do what we want to do and grow the company greatly. 
Richard K. Davis: Good question. The answer is no. It doesn’t impair our ability to open loan production markets. And the answer is we don’t have any new markets to get into, but I’ve never had the chance to show you guys just how many markets we are in out of our footprint. So 25 state footprint where you see us on the street and you drive by us every day. And the other 25 states, for the most part, for commercial real estate, corporate trusts, middle market and large corporate, we’re in all of those states. We just really have never taken the time to show you that. So I’ll make this a note to do that at the Investor Day in September 15th to make sure we show you where all of our loan production offices are outside of what would be the footprint. Because when I show you, you’ll see wherever we want to be, and so the answer to the expansion is no, because we’re already there.
Andrew J. Cecere: Richard, I’d add in that. So we did see record revenue in our commercial products groups and you saw that our credit fixed income, or FX or municipal products all were up at record levels, somewhere between 40% and 50% on a year-over-year basis, and again, that’s reflective of a tremendous bond issuance that was occurring here in the second quarter. We did continue to see strength in auto lending as well as residential mortgages again principally due to the rise in the jump [Inaudible] and commercial real estate also grew a bit this quarter also, which is a little bit of a reversal of the trend.
Andrew J. Cecere: This is Andrew replying. So our second quarter mix was about 65% new purchases and 35% refinancing. So I would expect that to go closer to 60-40 in the second quarter and given that coupled with the normal seasonality I would expect mortgage fees to continue to increase in that 20% to 30% range.
Andrew J. Cecere: Okay. This is Andy again. Let me start with merchant and you are right there are a few moving pieces in merchant I want to explain. So first one of the principal drivers of merchant fee revenue is same store sales. And same store sales in North America were up just under 2%, 1.8% and in Europe they were up about 5%. So globally up about 2.6% and what you typically see from us is same store sales plus 1% to 2% is total merchant revenue growth.  What happened this quarter is while we were up 2% on a year-over-year basis if you exclude FX that’s up 3% that is also now flattening now revenue related to equipment sales. So we were up higher in prior quarters because equipment sales were going up, they are sort of leveled up, we’ve lapped that so to speak. The other things you will see are transaction volume is down and that was intentional. We exited some low margin business, so it did have impact on transaction volume, but as you saw not a tremendous impact on fee income. So as we look forward to the next few quarter I would expect again same store sales plus 1% to 2% in terms of our fee growth in merchant volume. You asked about the other payments business so let me comment on that. Credit card is very strong. Excluding fidelity we were up about 6% and that’s driven by card transaction volume growth of about 7% and I would expect that to continue in the future quarters. And then finally on corporate payment systems, very good story there is that we are seeing growth in the corporate side of the equation. While government is continuing to be flat our corporate fee income is growing, transaction volume, sales volumes up about 6% and that’s a function of the investments we made in virtual pay and product activity, which is very positive. So T&E continues to be weak or level or down a bit, but payables and virtual pay is up strong.
Andrew J. Cecere: Well to follow-up on Richard’s point. If you look at our construction loan activity, you see that that’s been increasing fairly consistently over the last five or more quarters. What’s changed is that commercial mortgage or standing loan permanent loan where the attrition has declined and actually reversed this quarter, very slight increase. And that was what Richard was highlighting. I mean the strength has been it continues to be on the coast especially the West Coast for us and through a lot of our REIT clients they have been very active.
Andrew J. Cecere: The translation is rather limited. So if you think about every 1% change it’s about $1 million it’s not a big number, Erika.
Andrew J. Cecere: I think the principle -- this is Andy. I think the principal activity today is as Richard mentioned is cash and is also check individual-to-individual. I think the second category that will occur is for people to pay bills. And the bill payment again is going to be a replacement for check and or online checking. So it is in the bill pay so to speak. So in the interim or in the immediate timeframe I don't think there is any negative at all and we’ll continue to monitor as Richard said over the long-term. I think the other thing to consider as how this migrates to the wholesale side of equation in the business. And that’s also something we’re very aware of. 
Andrew J. Cecere: Yes. So if you ended up looking at the second quarter or if you look at the first half, the first quarter was a little bit slower simply because of the market spend. But in the second quarter where the market starting to recover, we’re starting to see nice growth again with respect to new accounts, both on the corporate institutional side as well as within wealth management itself. So we end up looking into the second half of the year. We would anticipate that that sort of growth would continue just given the rebound, for example, in the markets where they are at today.
P. W. Parker: Well, I mean, we’ve started that. So we are adding, we’re done with the days of releasing and we are adding to our reserve. So we are mindful of that. As I said for quite a period, there is still probably room in the existing portfolios, specifically residential, home equity, where we do have -- we continue to see improvements in home values, et cetera. So that could allow for releases out of those portfolios, which does help offset some of the loan growth. But we are in a position, where we feel it’s prudent to be adding to our overall reserves.
P. W. Parker: Yeah it’s pretty -- very stable really across the board. I mean, if you look at each of the asset classes C&I is surprisingly low in this quarter, we had -- we felt we were very got out ahead of the energy issues in the first quarter, and this quarter we had no material energy charge-offs, in fact we have nice recovery on one of our credits. So we feel like we’ve got the energy with $50 a barrel anyway, that we have the energy issue behind us. And if you look at the other asset class, it’s all very stable.
P. W. Parker: And that's what I was going to say. California, Pacific Northwest is where we’re seeing insurance activity. 
Kathy Rogers: Yeah. So well he is exactly right. We’re looking at into the third quarter and we are down about -- we are projecting that we’re going to be down in that range of 3 to 4. But I’m going to say it’s going to be a lot more of what you’ve seen. So as the rate curve has kind of flattened although some signs of improvement here most recently. That’s going to continue to have an impact on our securities portfolio. So we’ll continue to see a decline in that.  And then the rest really you have to look to our loan growth to the extent that we continue to grow our wholesale loans little bit stronger than our retail loan that’s also going to put a little bit of compression going forward.
Kathy Rogers: Yeah, we really haven’t seen a whole lot of shift. Really the consumer has really no rate change whatsoever on the consumer. We talked previously that we did have some repricing on our wholesale side some of that was just contractual that happened to other if as we work with our customers. But I’ll tell you it’s been relatively stable as we look into this quarter.
Kathy Rogers: Yeah. So it’s a quarterly payment. So first and third quarter will be at the lower rate, second and fourth quarter will be at the higher. Yeah about 60 I would say, 60 in the third quarter, about 80 in the fourth quarter. 
Kathy Rogers: Yes. And I think really where you see that is particularly within our wholesale portfolio. And that’s been something we’ve been working on for quite a few years. I think we have tended to be on the higher side -- the Fed has been a little bit on the higher side. We don’t have a whole lot of input into -- insight into what some of their modeling routines are, as you know it’s relatively a black pot. But perhaps, we’re thinking perhaps that, if you think about where our utilization rates and so forth that could have a play we’re relatively low on a utilization side, but we are actually, as you notice, we project a lot lower risk in a downturn environment than the Fed and we’re just going to continue to share to work through that and try and figure out where the differences lie.
Kathy Rogers: Yes. So for mortgage fees, we are anticipating that that will have a linked quarter increase of about 20% to 30%. That does include all of our assumptions around hedging and so forth, so that’s all in. And as Andy indicated earlier, I do think that we’re going to see a little bit of a shift between -- in our application base from purchase -- between the purchase and refi. As he indicated, we’re kind of 65-35 this quarter. I think that that’s likely to go more towards the 60% purchase, 40% refi as we move forward.
Kathy Rogers: Thank you for listening to the view of our second quarter 2016 results. Please contact us if you have any follow-up questions.
