Andy Cecere: Thanks, Jen, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our call. Following our prepared remarks, Terry, Jodi, Mark and I will take any questions you have. I’ll begin on Slide 3. In the third quarter, we reported earnings per share of $0.99. Our revenue of $6 billion was higher in both our linked quarter and year-over-year basis, driven by strong fee income performance across a number of business lines. Credit quality metrics deteriorated in line with our expectations, primarily reflecting more challenging operating conditions for some commercial sectors impacted by COVID-19. However, our reserve build in the third quarter was limited to the addition related to our acquisition of $1.2 billion of credit card loans from State Farm. Our capital and liquidity positions remained strong and our deposit mix improved in the third quarter, as demand deposits increased sharply while higher cost time deposits declined. The bottom right quadrant of this slide shows our strong capital position. At September 30, our common equity Tier 1 capital ratio was 9.4%. Slide 4 provides key performance metrics. In the third quarter, we delivered 16.6% return on tangible common equity. Slide 5 shows steady improvement in digital activities. Notably, digital sales now account for more than half of all loan sales, highlighting how our business investments are supporting our customers’ evolving behavior. Digital remains a focused investment area for us and its more activity moves to the digital channel that will drive customer loyalty and topline growth, as well as cost savings and efficiency opportunities. Now let me turn the call over to Terry, who will provide more color on the quarter.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Terry. The economy is showing signs of recovery but consumer spending remains below pre-COVID levels. The unemployment rate is high by historical standards, and the outlook remains uncertain. However, we are well-positioned to navigate through a more challenging economic and interest rate environment. We are well reserved, well capitalized and our liquidity position is strong. We remain committed to creating long-term value for our shareholders by delivering above average returns on equity through this cycle, driven by both superior PPNR results and credit performance. Our third quarter earnings results highlights the benefits of our diversified business mix and our credit underwriting discipline. We are optimistic that we continue to win market share over time across our high return fee businesses, such as mortgage, payments and trust and investment services. We will continue to adjust our strategy as consumer preferences evolve, including adjusting our distribution network. Our alliance with State Farm, which brings our digital banking capabilities together with over 1,900 State Farm agents is an example, how we can meaningfully expand our reach in a low cost highly efficient way. Separately, about 18 months ago, we announced the branch transformation initiative aimed at better serving our customers in light of their evolving preferences. At that time, we announced that we would close 10% to 15% of our branches by early 2021. To-date, we have closed about 10%. We now plan to close an additional 15% by early 2021. The rate majority of these additional closures were branches that were impacted by COVID-19 and they will remain closed. While physical branches and personal interactions will always be important, we need fewer branches today than we did even a few years ago. And the branches of the future need to be more advice centers and locations where transactions take place. I'll conclude on Slide 17. Our culture has always been a key differentiator of the U.S. Bank story, and we remain committed to supporting our customers, our communities and our employees in the good times, as well as the more challenging times. While it has always been important to us, today there is even a greater emphasis on ensuring that we do that in a deliberately inclusive way. I want to thank our employees who bring our culture to life every day and for all their hard work throughout the year. We'll now open up the call to Q&A.
Andy Cecere: And I would just add, this is Andy John that as Terry mentioned, we see a continued improvement across all three categories merchant acquiring, credit card issuing as well as the corporate payment system. The trough for all those were occurred in April, and each and every month since then there has been slight improvement in spend across those categories.
Andy Cecere: Yes. I don’t think it’s anything specific that we’re seeing. I do think though that maybe our expectation -- and if you think about corporate America you are starting to see some reductions in force, whether it’s in the airline industry and some of the entertainment industries. I think that, because of the stimulus programs that have existed some of those companies have differed taking some of those actions. Our expectation as we think about the fourth quarter is some of those actions are going to impact unemployment levels, before they start to come back down.
Andy Cecere: And I know, Mark, we've been very actively managing that portfolio, the at-risk industries in order to bring that exposure down.
Andy Cecere: I would echo those comments. Gerard, this is Andy. The credit stats for the consumer portfolio are really good right now, and the indicators the delinquencies, all those facts are more positive than you would expect, given the economic environment that we're in. Part of that certainly is due to the stimulus plans, the unemployment benefits, all of those things, which is creating a bit of a bridge. I do expect that at some point in 2021, we'll start to see an acceleration of credit deterioration, the consumer portfolios, once those benefits start to wear down.
Andy Cecere: And Erika, I want to reiterate a point I made in my prepared remarks, which is that, as you think about the additional 15%, the great majority around 75% or so of those branches already have been closed as a result of COVID during this period. So what they really are is resulting in a permanent closure. And again, all of this reflects changes in customer behaviors and activities. We saw an acceleration of digital transactions and sales. You saw the sales numbers on lending activity. And that only accelerated during the COVID period and that's the result is what we're doing. And again, about 75% of those have already been closed over the last few months.
Andy Cecere: Part of that Vivek is Mark and team being very active in terms of reducing our exposure where we think the highest risk categories are. So we've talked about in the past, we try to be very proactive around this and managing our exposures down in a very early fashion.
Andy Cecere: If we have capacity, we'll do that, Peter. We're all a bit large banks are going through the CCAR resubmission process right now. I think that'll inform a lot of us in terms of the Feds direction into 2021. So that's where we're looking at.
Andy Cecere: Yes, Christopher. So I think the consumer probably is a little bit ahead of the corporate commercial in terms of migration to digital activities. Part of it is because many of them are already there, and some of the new rails that are being built will impact that on a go forward basis. And that continues to remain a huge opportunity, probably more into 2021, as we think about the platform around merchant processing, business banking, treasury management and corporate payments, all coming together to serve our corporate, commercial and business customers. So that's probably a little bit more 2021 event, and we'll continue to report on that for you so we could report our progress.
Terry Dolan: Yes. John, great question. And when we think about expenses, our goal is especially in this environment to be able to manage expenses relatively flat. And it is one of the things that we have kind of considered or factored into that process. The cost saves associated with the branches will be important, part of that we do expect will flow to the bottom line. And part of it, we will continue to use to reinvest in our business, particularly in the digital capabilities. And as you can imagine the more we're investing in that the greater the opportunity with respect to future cost savings will come as well. So that's kind of how we're thinking about it.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So we will look not only at the branches, we'll also look at our corporate real estate. One of the things that we're still kind of working through is what does the next horizon from a workforce management perspective look like, because that will obviously impact corporate real estate. But I do think that there's opportunity for us to be able to consolidate as we think about 2021.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So, one thing I would say is that since the second quarter we’ve continued to see improvement in consumer and business span which is good, across all of those different areas. And at the end of looking at the one slide you’ll see that excluding the airline travel and entertainment the sales consumer spend has actually come back very nicely. So I think that on a go forward basis the impacts will be really some of those at risk industries for some period of time. Ultimately, the trajectory of growth in the payments business will be tied to that consumer business spend overall. There will be a little bit of lumpiness in the third quarter, for example with respect to the prepaid card which is really driven by the stimulus programs. If we see a stimulus program in the fourth or first quarter, that might give us a little bit lift but it’s not that something that we are contemplating at this particular point in time.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So, maybe just stepping back, our balance sheet is about 50% floating, 50% fixed. We’ll continue to see a little bit of turn on the fix side for some period of time. We’re always looking for opportunities to be able to reinvest in the investment portfolio with a little bit more duration, and we kind of continue to manage that. Our asset liability position widened, so we’re asset sensitive and that widened in the first quarter quite a bit. And since then it’s been relatively stable. And we’ll continue to kind of manage that way for some period of time. When we bring on the deposits as an example we’ll hold that generally on the short end by increasing liquidity levels, because I think that future opportunity in terms of rate increases is a better trade off in the industry and immediately today.
Terry Dolan: Yes, historically we typically just use the balance sheet as a way of kind of hedging or setting up our assets liability position. So we utilize for example duration and composition of our investment portfolio in order to do that, so we don’t do a lot of active hedging. I will tell you though we did do some hedging middle of last year. And when rates came down nicely we were able to lock in the gains associated with it, which I think will help a bit. But it’s not a major part of our program.
Terry Dolan: Yes, when we end up looking at the potential savings associated with those branches, it's kind of in that $150 million range, plus or minus. We do expect to see that that impact will really start to hit our run rate even in the first quarter. But again, just as a reminder, some of that will come through in terms of expense opportunity or benefit. And some of it's going to get reinvested in digital capabilities, which will also have an impact in terms of expenses.
Terry Dolan: Well, it’s a little bit of both. So, when we think about 2021, we do expect that some of those COVID-related expenses will continue at least into the early part of the year, until the kind of return to work environment starts to settle in. And then, savings associated with that again, part of it will accrue to the bottom line, part of it will be a part of our reinvestment in our business as we think about going forward.
Terry Dolan: Yes, I think it's a little hard to call exactly when net interest income kind of hits the trough. I mean part of it -- and there's just so many different puts and takes in terms of loan demand and where interest rates kind of go from here, what the impact of premium amortization is. There’s just a lot of puts and takes. So, I think it's a little bit early for us to say for example it's in 2020.
Terry Dolan: No. Peter, no. That was something that has been a part of our outlook for when we were looking at the analysis in the second quarter. And so, we don't think that that would have any impact on CECL. In fact, at this particular point in time, based upon what we know, we wouldn't expect any additional reserve build.
Terry Dolan: Yes, certainly when you think about the third quarter, I think the trajectory was helped, because of the stimulus program. And I think that's the reason why you saw such a strong kind of recovery from the second quarter. So clearly it's been impacted. When we think about the fourth quarter, I think the increase in sales levels will be more commensurate with what we have seen kind of pre-COVID, just in terms of the -- what I would call the excluding the airline, travel and entertainment. So on a year-over-year basis, clearly, it's still going to be down because of those at risk industries and the impact that consumer spend has had on that. But regarding kind of the core other spend level, it's recovered very nicely.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Again, when you end up looking at kind of the investment alternatives that are out there, you hate to kind of lock in to low rates over a long period of time. That's as a result, I think you're going to see not only for us, but in the industry liquidity levels being fairly high and waiting for the longer end of the curve to kind of come up a bit. That said, in the investment portfolio, we'll look for opportunities to extend duration to some extent and to make some investments a little bit further out of the curve in order to be able to deploy it. We feel like, the liquidity levels that we have today are pretty good, taking into consideration the incremental $10 billion that will come in, which will keep pretty much on the short end.
Terry Dolan: One of the greatest impacts in the third quarter was the bond issuance. So if you think about the decline in corporate commercial, about 40% of that was from companies take advantage of a low interest rate environment and issuing debt. And about 60% was related to companies just reducing their balance sheet because they're seeing strong earnings, they're seeing high productivity. So those two factors, the debt issuance will really be a function of the interest rate environment and the yield curve going forward. And I would expect that to moderate because there was so much activity in the third quarter.
Terry Dolan: Yes, I do. I think that people, again, are being fairly cautious and so they are utilizing the debit card because they can more effectively manage their liquidity. So when they have cash balances in their savings account and as you know savings levels are fairly high still on the consumer side, I think they're using their debit card a little bit more than what they have in the past. And so throughout the entire timeframe debit card sales have actually strengthened during that time frame, compared to credit cards. So I do think the mix will continue to change a little bit.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So in the third quarter, we did take a charge associated with the closure of the branches, that is included in other revenue, because it's principally related to asset impairments, offsetting that though were some equity investment gains that if you end up looking at those two things on a net basis, we're essentially neutral to the fee income and the bottom line.
Mark Runkel: Hey, good morning, Gerard. This is Mark Runkel, I'll answer that question. First off, I would just start off by saying our credit quality is performing in line with our expectations at this point. And as you know, we have a couple of guiding principles in how we think about managing credit. First being, is that we stay very consistent in our underwriting throughout the cycle. Number two, as we're very proactive at identifying and working through problem credits when they arise. And so what I would say is, the result of that is, and as you have seen, this is our criticized commitments did increase early in the downturn in this particular cycle. And so, as we think of our charge-offs, the level of charge-offs, at least this quarter did increase as a result of that. So it's really a timing issue. And in the end, we think we're going to continue to have very superior credit quality performance throughout the economic cycle.
Mark Runkel: Yes, I think, I mean, that's exactly the range that we're currently seeing on those properties. And it's really property specific, so it does vary greatly. But those that are the most distressed are in that kind of range that you talked about.
Mark Runkel: Yes, I'll answer with the lodging exposure. I'd say we have a great diversification by geography and property type. So it’s a mix between urban and suburban, so we've got great distribution there. So we felt really good before that. And in terms of the credit size commitments for those impacted industries we’ll have to follow-up and get you that offline.
Mark Runkel: Yes, I think as Andy noted the consumer side continues to be very strong and our delinquencies where they ended -- the end of the quarter we're in a really good spot. So we think that will continue to hold true through the remainder of this year. I think we're continuing to work through some of those impacted industries on the commercial and commercial real estate side, really in the commercial real estate side it's going to be more in the malls as well as our lodging exposure that we'll continue to work through the remainder of this year.
