Andy Cecere: Thanks, Jen and good morning everyone. Thank you for joining our call. Following our prepared remarks, Terry, Jodi, Mark and I will take any questions you have. I will begin on Slide 3. In the second quarter, we reported earnings per share of $0.41. Consistent with the industry, our performance is being impacted by the current economic environment. Loan growth reflected the impact of defensive draws by corporations in March and early April, strong mortgage loan growth, and the impact of the Paycheck Protection Program, which supported small businesses impacted by the COVID-19 situation. Increased liquidity in the financial system and a flight to quality drove strong deposit growth in the quarter. Our healthy fee income growth this quarter is a testament to our diversified business model. Some fee lines, including our payments businesses, were negatively impacted by slower economic activity. However, we saw very strong growth in our mortgage and commercial products businesses. And while consumer spend activity remains pressured compared with a year ago, volume trends in each of our payments businesses have improved as some economies have started to reopen. Expenses were held relatively flat compared with the first quarter. We continue to manage our cost structure prudently and in line with the slower revenue growth environment. Credit quality metrics in the second quarter reflected increased economic stress offset by the beneficial impact of governance stimulus and forbearance and deferral programs. During the quarter, we increased our allowance for loan losses in response to economic conditions. We believe our reserve level at June 30 is appropriate based on the information we have available. Changes in the allowance will be dependent on actual credit performance and changes in economic conditions. In the lower right quadrant of this slide, you can see that book value per share grew 2.8% compared with a year ago and we remain well capitalized. Slide 4 provides key performance metrics. We delivered a 7.1% return on tangible common equity in the second quarter impacted by lower earnings owing to the current economic environment. Slide 5 shows our continually improving digital uptake trends. Shelter-in-place orders early in the quarter and temporary branch closures due to the COVID-19 have increased an increase in digital adoptions. Digital now accounts for more than three quarters of all service transactions and about 46% of all loan sales. We expect digital adoption by customers to stick even after the economy fully reopens. Now, let me turn over to Terry who will provide more color on the quarter.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Terry. I will end my remarks on Slide 16, which highlights a few of the recent actions we have taken as a company to help support our customers, communities and employees. We are operating in uncertain times, not only for the economy, but for our society in general. However, I am confident that together we can make lasting and impactful changes that will leave us all better on the other side of each trying times. We are well positioned for near-term challenges and we continue to manage this company with the long-term lens and focus on maximizing shareholder value. Our capital and liquidity positions are strong and our unique business model remains a differentiator for us. I would highlight three things that will continue to support our ability to deliver industry leading returns through the cycle. First, as our second quarter results indicate, our diversified business mix reduces revenue and earnings volatility. And this quarter it allowed us to deliver good revenue growth even against the challenging interest rate backdrop and an industry-wide slowdown in consumer spending activity. Second, our time-tested credit underwriting discipline puts us in a strong position to navigate through an economic downturn, while setting us up to return to prudent and consistent growth in the more favorable economic environment. And third, our culture remains the foundation which informs not only what we do at U.S. Bank, but how we do it. I couldn’t be more proud of our employees have come together to support our customers and communities and they faced significant economic and social disruption. I want to take this opportunity to thank them for all their hard work and resiliency. We will now open up the call for Q&A.
Andy Cecere: Matt, this is Andy. We took the applications as they came in serving our customers initially, and then ultimately outside of the bank. As you saw, we had over 101,000 applications and the average balance was in the 70,000. So, a lot of our customers are small business and we helped a lot of employees. So, the team did a great job. We started with a bit of a manual process and went to a much more automated process certainly in the second round. So, it was just based on the request that came in and the priority was really time based.
Andy Cecere: Yes, yes it was, Matt. We actually had individuals from throughout the entire company help us through this process, particularly the manual process that started and the technology as well, but yes the entire bank was supportive.
Andy Cecere: Well, Erika, first, as you mentioned, I think our diversified revenue mix helps a lot. This is a – this quarter probably represented it very well. We had some pressure on payments, because of the spend activity that Terry talked about. But mortgage and commercial products had – it hit it out of the park this quarter in terms of positive so. And then the other part of a diversification is how much of our revenue comes from the balance sheet or net interest income as well as fee revenue sort of a mix back, 50-50 there. So, that really helps in environments like this and different businesses do well in different economic cycles. As we think about the future, I think we are planning for a future that has continued lower rates. It will take a while for spend to get back to normal. So we are going to manage our expenses in that – with that thought in mind, which is what we are doing today. And we are going to continue to invest in the businesses that have opportunity as well as the digital initiatives I talked about. And those digital initiatives will offer not only the opportunity for our customers to connect with us in virtual means I think it will also offer expense opportunities in the long run. So, those are the ways we are thinking about it.
Andy Cecere: Yes. Thanks for being one. So, we will look at opportunities have come up. The only thing I would say is in this environment, Erika, there is a lot of uncertainty and it’s certainly not a clear vision in terms of the future even for us. So, to look at someone else with that lens will be challenging, but I do think opportunities will come up because of the stresses that are out there and we will take a look.
Andy Cecere: Yes, and I’d add on. Mike, I think you are right, things are changing every day and the facts change daily, weekly sometimes hourly. So, we are just going to continue to assess and manage the company given the changes that are out there. What Terry is telling you what he is seeing right now. And as he said, we get data everyday and we are going to continue to assess what we think is going to happen. We are running a lot of models. We are sharing with our board a lot of scenarios, including a much harsher scenario and understanding what would occur in that. So but you are right I mean there is a lot of unknown yet and we are being conservative in the way we are approaching our financial modeling.
Andy Cecere: Terry, I think fee waivers will – when they are implemented we will be somewhere in that $30 million a quarter range plus or minus.
Andy Cecere: Hey, Ken. Coming back to your question on fee waivers, the impact second to third quarter was a sequential basis of fee waivers. So we have about $30 million in that ballpark.
Andy Cecere: Yes it’s total expenses, it is all inclusive. And again we will see benefit of COVID coming down, but some of those production-type costs that I talked about earlier going up.
Terry Dolan: Yes. From a loan perspective, again, we would expect that we will see year-over-year growth, but on a linked quarter basis, clearly, it’s going to be down. We are going to continue to see pay-downs associated with those defensive draws that we had at the end of the first quarter and early second quarter. So, that will put downward pressure on a linked quarter basis. PPP will actually, probably help from a growth standpoint as we think about second quarter, but it does start to dissipate in third quarter and fourth quarter simply because of the loan forgiveness program. So, on the consumer side, auto lending has generally been a little bit. It was weak in April and May, but it’s gotten stronger in June. So, we believe that, that’s going to be a bright spot as we think about the third quarter, but overall consumer lending is likely to be down simply because consumer spending has been down, so that’s kind of the puts and takes you think about loan growth. Margin, we believe is going to be relatively stable. It will be helped a little bit by PPP, but impacted a little bit, there will be a little bit of pressure on the yield curve side of the equation, but relatively stable to the second quarter.
Terry Dolan: Yes. I think the impact would be probably similar to what we saw last time given, but it will maybe a little bit more simple because of growth, but it will show up in trust and investment management fees, because that’s where our money market fund revenue gets recognized.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So, it includes all the puts and takes. Like I said, it will reflect a decline on a linked-quarter basis in terms of commercial loans because of the draws, but there will be some benefit associated with PPP. So, it includes essentially all the puts and takes associated with net interest income.
Terry Dolan: Yes, Saul, I think you are right on. I think we end up looking at our payments business on a sequential basis. You know we will see growth, particularly in the credit card and the merchant, the corporate payments we would also expect growth, but maybe not at the same level, simply because the sales volumes there, our commercial spend, our commercial customers are still fairly cautious, but kind of give you some perspective at the end of – or in April, we saw on the merchant side of the equation, consumer spend was down almost between 50% and 55% kind of in that ballpark and today it’s really back to spend levels that are closer to about 20%. So that has come back really very nicely. The things that are going to continue to impact for a while is the mix associated with the airline industry and some of the entertainment, but it has come back very nice. Your point on sequential growth is right on. With respect to credit card, credit card we have said was down kind of in that 30% range in April. And that has come back nicely as well. In terms of credit card, it is still down. It’s down around 10% to 12%. We would expect that trajectory to continue so – into the third quarter. Debit card revenue or sales, excuse me, actually have been pretty strong and the sales on the debit card side has been kind of up 10% to 12% kind of in that range. And while we wouldn’t expect it to be maybe quite at that higher level in the third quarter is still I think going to be relatively strong. And then on the CPS side of the equation, CPS, again, the commercial spend has been pretty cautious. It was down kind of in the magnitude of 30% to 35% in that April sort of timeframe. And it’s still down around somewhere between 25% and 30%. We do expect it to get a little better than that in the third quarter for a couple of reasons, simply because government spend tends to be strongest in the third quarter. So hopefully, that gives you some insights or perspective.
Terry Dolan: Yes, similar sort of impacts as consumer spend and just activity has declined and then you have the stimulus checks and all sorts of different types of things just incidence levels related to NSF and fee waivers in terms of helping our customers has impacted the second quarter. On a sequential basis, we would expect that will come back nicely in the third quarter, but on a year-over-year basis, it’s still going to be down simply because consumer activity is down similar to merchant or credit card.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So maybe to address the first question, when you end up establishing the reserve, you have to establish what you believe is appropriate based upon the information that you have available to us. And you know what we use things like Moody’s Analytics and other sources in order to kind of come up with that projection of what unemployment as an example looks like. So, you have to make sure that that your reserve is appropriate based upon the information that you have. You can’t build in tons of conservatism so to speak into it. But again, part of it is we will have kind of wait and see on the payment side of the equation in terms of COVID cases. Based upon our estimates, right now, I think that this go round versus last go around, I think that states are continuing to try to stay open to the best that they can. I think you have different sort of health treatments and all sorts of different things that exist based upon better information or different information than what existed before, but quite honestly, it’s we are going to find out. There is a lot of uncertainty and it’s too early to know.
Terry Dolan: So, Mike, it has always been important, but I do think the recent events and the customer behavior changes, has even accelerated that further. And you can see that in the numbers, nearly 80% of transactions now occurring in a digital fashion. The branch activity as far as transactions is down a lot. In the sales side, I talked about the loan sales. But actually, total sales in the branches have doubled since you are, excuse me on a digital platform have doubled versus a year ago. And so we do expect those digital investments both do it yourself and do it together in other words co-browsing or virtual activity is going to continue to be important not just for the consumer, but across many business lines. So that investment that we are making is important on two fronts. It’s important to make sure we are giving the customer the best experience in connecting with them in the ways they choose to and it’s also offering efficiencies in long run. As we talked about, we announced over a year ago that we expect to have 10% to 15% fewer branches. And I would expect that number to increase in terms of the number of fewer branches that we have, because of this changing customer behavior. Branches will still be important, but the number of them and the size of them will be fewer and less.
Terry Dolan: We don’t have a number. Yes, we continue to assess and as we think about the changes that are occurring and the closures that are out there will continue to assess what we expect, but I do expect it to be higher than the 10% to 15%.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Well, we do expect that there is going to be some forgiveness that’s going to take place as early as the third quarter. So there is going to be some run-off of the balances just because of that. I think the vast majority of it happens late third fourth and early first quarter in terms of timing. That’s our expectation right now.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Our expectation is that deposit growth is going to continue to be strong at least through the end of the year, if not into early next year and it’s really high correlated to the amount of liquidity that the Fed is continuing to pump into the system. The impacts from a balance sheet perspective is I think certainly have a funding benefit associated with that. The challenges I was trying to identify, if you get the loan growth great, if you don’t, you are going to have to look for opportunities on the investment side of the question so, but we do expect strong growth in deposits in the foreseeable future, because of the fed programs.
Terry Dolan: Yes. In terms of the mix of the product that we end up offering, I think there is probably a more government or govy based sort of money market as opposed to prime base. The prime base declined fairly significantly. But the overall – when you end up looking at assets under management, it certainly were at a higher level today than 10 years ago. That’s the reason. I think that the rate of the fee waivers will be pretty similar, but just the assets under management in the wealth management phase is higher. And I am trying to put my fingers on kind of what that looks like right now, but we certainly can kind of get back to you, Ken.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So if you kind of think about the – when I end up looking at the current run-rate just given the environment that we are in, Vivek, I would end up looking at second quarter is a pretty good estimate of what future quarters are going to look like at least for a while.
Mark Runkel: Yes. The reserve ratio on the credit card was 10.14% at the end of June. That’s question number one. The second in terms of those customers that have come off some of the programs that we have got in place we have seen very strong payment performance today. About 70% of those customers have started to make normal payments after those periods of time. We have seen a few of those about 20% reenroll and then the rest has moved into delinquency, so so far, so good on customer performance.
Mark Runkel: The only thing I might add is, you mentioned this in the early comments we have gone through the portfolio very granular and downgraded the credits appropriately. So we feel like all of that has been factored into the analysis. But the bulk of our change is really the economic assumptions as Terry noted.
Mark Runkel: Yes, I would just say they are really focused in on a couple of different industries that we have highlighted. One is on the commercial side is really heavily energy and the retail sector. And then on the commercial real estate it’s going to be some of the retail related exposure as well. It’s coming off a very low point as you note, but those are the industries that have been most impacted today.
