Richard K. Davis: Thanks, Andy. And turning to Slide 12. In September, we hosted our 2013 Investor Day in New York City. The theme of this year's conference was Extending the Advantage, which followed our 2010 Investor Day theme of Positioned to Win. During the presentations, our senior management team spent time reviewing what we accomplished since 2010, which included our added distribution and sale; our expanded products, services and capabilities; and our gains in market share, as well as how we positioned the company to capitalize on future growth opportunities. In other words, how we are extending the sustainable, competitive advantage that our company has created through carefully investing in our diversified business model by maintaining prudent risk management, by focusing on operating integrity and compliance, by sustaining strong capital and liquidity and by providing superior returns for our shareholders. U.S. Bank's performance metrics for the third quarter will, once again, be among the best in the industry. We will continue to build our company to perform in the future as we have in the past and remain focused on producing consistent, predictable and repeatable results for the benefit of our customers, our employees, our communities and our shareholders. That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Bill and I would now be happy to answer questions from our audience.
Richard K. Davis: Yes, thanks, Ken. Mortgage had a strong quarter, and it's actually across the board. We were very pleased especially in some of the auto and consumer areas that have, in the last couple of quarters, not had this kind of lift. So I like the way it came about this quarter, which gives me confidence to say that we'll still be in that 1% to 1.5% range and probably in the high end of that, unless something occurs that we all know about in Washington that precludes a lot of things. In that case, I'll tell you we've got some opportunities for continued growth because of the following. In the last couple of years, U.S. Bank continues to be invited into more syndicated deals and in a higher position, by far, than we used to be in, in some cases, at the lead position. And that's a big turnaround from what we might used to have expected a few years ago. And likewise, as you know, one of the biggest sources of lending right now in line of benefits are refinancing and customers restriking their balance sheet. And so when they come up to that renewal point and we get invited into deals we weren't before or get invited to upsize into deals we've been in, that's a big driver for us. And that continues to happen at higher levels and expected to continue to happen even more so in the next couple of quarters. I might add that we're a flight to quality bank, so even when there's any kind of question in the economy about what might be otherwise negative, we tend to get the benefits that accrue to that on the lending side, as well as on the deposit gathering side, where you might expect people to come for that safety. The other thing, Ken, is that besides that, we're adding a lot of new customers. We've been talking about it for years. We really are, honest to God, adding new customers. And I've always struggled to explain that market share, after a while, it does, I think, continue to be real when it's consistently repeatable, and it's happening for us. And I think the number of new customers are at more substantial levels than they might used to have been because we get invited in as the lead bank or at a substantial position. So I think everything we have is repeatable and sustainable. That's why I'm quite confident. The market itself is not growing naturally, so I think it has to be market share. And finally, we're doing it on price. If we need to be competitive, our cost of funding is advantaged over every single other bank we compete with. We're not afraid to use a little bit of that, but I'll also tell you we will not go into structure. We will not take risk on underwriting, and we're not going to be in harm's way in some of those areas that I think the OCC, particularly, is going to be watching closely.
Richard K. Davis: Yes, I'll just go on quickly. As we try to characterize this particular earnings call, I think people might have thought we have a bigger position as the government affects our corporate payments. And I think you heard us walk through -- Andy walked through the percentage of the percentage of the percentage. By the way, that's only 20% of the total company's revenue. So it's really about a 1-ish kind of a percent impact to our total revenue, but it is an impact. And I'll tell you, it started out looking like sequester and a pull out of a war situation, and that's been the last, probably, 6 to 8 quarters. Right now, it looks like the continuation of the sequester and what continues to be now a government shutdown. Once and if those things get behind us, it will start to pick back up but not to the original levels until which time we get into a stronger purchasing pattern by some of the government agencies and well beyond whatever the sequester will end up to be. So I think this quarter will continue to be stressed for all the reasons we've been talking about, limited in Washington, and a little bit worse than they've been in the last few quarters. But once and when that gets past, then we expect this thing to start to pull back up, and we'll see a sustainable recovery as the government agencies start to spend, in particular, the Department of Defense gets it budget back and knows what its rules are going to be in the case going forward. Andy, do you want to...
Richard K. Davis: I just want to tell you guys that we are quite pleased with the follow-up we had from the Investor Day a couple of weeks ago. We do our very best to telegraph to you all exactly what is going on, and I think the results you read this morning were exactly what we suggested. We have a really good play at this company. We see the balance sheet continuing to grow. We have good margin protection. We've got good compliance and operating integrity. And as you worry about surprises, I think in this case, sustainable, predictable, repeatable is working pretty well. And we're going to continue to deliver on those consistent methods that we have in the past. We're always available for questions, but we appreciate the following of our company.
Andrew Cecere: Erika, this is Andy. While we're not bound by that supplementary ratio, our ratio, in fact, would be above the 6% that we currently have. So it is -- given the simple structure of our balance sheet and the fact that most of our deposits -- or most of our funding is deposit-oriented, it is not a major factor for us. And so to that extent, it could be an advantage.
Andrew Cecere: It's interesting. We have a situation where our standardized approach is a lower ratio than our advanced approach. Said another way, standardized is our binding constraint because the advantage that we get from our simple, high-quality credit portfolio is more than the negative we get from increasing of our capital due to operational risk. So our capital ratio actually would be higher under the advanced approach. Therefore, our return would be actually a little bit better.
Andrew Cecere: Yes. So Ken, we're investing about half and half floaters and fixed on the security side. We're keeping the duration short, understanding that rates will go up. And we continue to maintain an asset sensitivity on our balance sheet. With regard to the loan side, I think we are seeing loan spread stabilize. There are certain pockets, particularly in the middle market and maybe on the smaller end, that we have some aggressive players that caused a little bit of a compression on spread. But as Richard mentioned, we have a funding advantage, so we could always compete on price. My expectation for the fourth quarter margin is relative stability again. However, I do want to note one item. With the government issues that we're facing, we are seeing an influx of deposits and quite a strong influx. And that -- while it doesn't impact net interest income, it does cause our net interest margin to go down a bit. So that could impact it by 1 basis point or 2. But absent that, I would see relative stability.
