Andy Cecere: Thanks, Jenn, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining our call. Following our prepared remarks, Terry and I will be taking your questions. I’ll begin on Slide 3. In the first quarter, we reported earnings of $1 per share. The slide highlights a number of financial metrics, but at a high level, growth in net interest income and fee revenues were in line with our expectations, credit quality was stable, and we delivered positive operating leverage. Our balance sheet is strong and growing and we continue to see good account and volume momentum across our fee businesses, which is driving market share gains. Turning to capital management; our book value increased by 8.6% from a year ago. During the quarter, we returned 77% of our earnings to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. Slide 4 provides key performance metrics. In the first quarter, we delivered an 18.4% return on tangible common equity, and a 1.49% return on average assets. Now let me turn the call over to Terry, who’ll provide more detail on the quarter as well as forward-looking guidance.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Terry. The start of the year is saving enough of cash we expected. The U.S. economy is healthy and supportive of growth and a credit quality environment is stable. Macro environment aside, we are confident in our ability to execute and win market share across our lending and fee businesses, supported by our scale, our skill and our risk management discipline. Success in the banking industry will increasingly depend on our ability and determination to adapt to the evolving demands of our customers. The investments we’re making in technology and innovation will play a critical role in our long-term success. And the payoff will be increasingly visible in the form of customer acquisition or retention as well as operational efficiency. One area we’ve been placing a lot of attention is our digital capabilities. We recently launched our newly developed mobile app, which incorporates improves sales functionality and enables a more seamless experience for our customers. Early, feedback from users has been very positive. If you turn to Slide 13, I want to share a few digital metrics we track. You can see from these slides that digital engagement with our customers is growing and an increasing percentage of transactions and lending activities are occurring outside of our physical locations. Particularly encouraging is the trend in digital loan sales. Approximately one-third of all loan sales are now completed digitally up from 25% a year ago. Mortgage lending and small business lending are early digital lending success stories. Currently, nearly 75% of all mortgage loans are completed digitally end-to-end, and that percentage is growing. This past September, we lost the fully digital lending solution for small businesses that can significantly reduce the customers’ time to credit decision and funding to in some cases, as short as one hour. Migration of sales and transactions to our digital platform will enhance customer experience, improve operational efficiency and enable expansion into existing markets, where we currently have customers, but little or no physical footprint. In closing, we’re off to a good start to the year and momentum is building across our businesses. I’d like to thank our employees for their hard work and dedication throughout the year. That concludes our formal remarks. We’ll now open up the call to Q&A.
Andy Cecere: Hi, John. This is Andy. Yes, you’re right about both of these items. The pressure on compliance cost is eased as well as we’re getting some benefit from FDIC. We will continue to make technology investments for all the digital capabilities that I referred to in my comments. I think another important factor is what the lifting of the consent order. We have a lot more flexibility and physical asset optimization. So I think the other lever that you’re going to see us utilized is branch optimization, which over the next couple of years, I would expect 10% to 15% reduction in our actual physical account of branches. We’re going to open up some in places, we’re going to be remodeling and changing the footprint, but the net of it will be down 10% to 15%.
Andy Cecere: That’s right, Terry. Typically over the past many years, I think our strongest and weakest quarters just in terms of principally driven by revenue seasonality, a lot of it’s the payment businesses, but a lot of businesses, three, four, two, one strongest to weakest.
Andy Cecere: Sure, Ken. First, let me say we consider all options for growth and we look at anything that is available and/or any strategic initiative that would be sensible for our company. But I will tell you, I think our near-term focus will likely be on the fee businesses, the working processing to trust businesses that we’re focusing on. We have a lot of momentum across our digital activities, you have a lot more flexibility and now that we’re out of the consent order, we’re making a lot of progress across all of our business plans, and I feel very comfortable with where we are today.
Andy Cecere: And, Terry, that first quarter, it was the period government shut down, there was some turbulence in equity market, there was weather impacts across our geographies sales, those things and all passed us right now, that’s why we look more confident and what more.
Andy Cecere: There is a lot left. So we have a lot of activity going on from the digital perspective. We have a 20 agile studios in growing. We have just developed a new app and we’re to continue to enhance and we continue to improve that. We have real-time payments that’s impacting the consumer side of the equation as well as the wholesale, and ultimately, payments. We have AI going on. We have block chain. We have initiatives across all the business lines focused on digital activities and Derek’s goal will be to really bring that altogether into a common U.S. bank sort of vision and theme, so that we’re really optimizing with their customers across all business lines and really leveraging capabilities across our all of our business lines for the benefit of the customer. So we’re excited to have Derek on board. He has great capabilities, a great background, and I think he’s going to fit in the team perfectly.
Andy Cecere: Yes, Betsy, as I think about this, I think these enhancements to both revenue and expense. Because from a revenue standpoint, I think, it is going to allow for additional customer acquisition as well as retention, building the customer from a centrality standpoint. On the expense side of the equation , I think, it offers operational efficiencies. If you think about check processing, carrier cost and things of all those source of things, overtime, I think, it will offer benefits on both sides.
Andy Cecere: No the flow – there’s positive and negative with that. And I think the negative is not going to be that material.
Andy Cecere: Yeah. So we spent a – I mentioned the agile teams, that was a great example of the agile team coming together in a matter of months to develop a product that allowed for funding and what was typically days or weeks to hours. And it’s in early innings of the project, but it’s been very favorable in terms of offering customers convenient choice. Your questions before the approval process to get them approved, funding much more rapidly and it’s all part of the mobile app activity that we talked about that allows for just a more convenient, simple or set of navigation options and also sales and information. So it’s part of a larger strategy. And also I want to highlight that the mobile app that we are introducing out it’s just phase one. It will continue to be updated and enhanced and you’ll see more and more of these capabilities. I also mentioned in my prepared remarks that currently 75% of our mortgage apps are now done in a digital fashion end-to-end which is a huge improvement and a great convenience from a customer standpoint.
Andy Cecere: Thanks Mike. And it is all those things, it’s digital engagement. It’s going to be sales activity and be as a digital platform. It’s going to be customer activity via digital platform and we’re going to share more of those with you on this call and in our quarterly earnings and starting with what we did today because it is something we’re very focused on from a company perspective and because we’re focused on, I want to make sure you’re aware of it.
Andy Cecere: That is still our plan. And as a reminder, we have a number of customers outside of our 25 states that are either credit card, mortgage or on loan customers. We also have large employee bases. And I think what we’re focused on is expanding and what I’ll call it digital light strategy, branch light strategy, digital first strategy, which is with a few branches with this digital capability that we’re talking about and encompassing the current customer base and becoming a more full bank experience for those customers.
Andy Cecere: Yeah. I think the other thing that I would add is that I think a big part of the digital world is the experiential aspect associated with it. And if you think about Millennials and Gen Z et cetera, being much more digitally attempt, and I think that – as that continues to occur, it’s going to continue to create that opportunity.
Terry Dolan: Yes, John. This is Terry. And I think that where we end up in the range will partly driven by what sort of revenue growth we see throughout the year. The extent that revenue growth picks up a little bit gives us the opportunity to be close to the higher end, but if it’s a challenging revenue environment, we’re more likely to be closer to that lower end of the range, I think we’re just going to continue to manage to and make decisions based upon both short-term and long-term sort of objectives of the company.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So from a seasonality standpoint, certainly the impact of the credit card revenue growth did end up impacting it. But as probably narrows just a little bit midyear and then tends to expand in the fourth quarter, it’s fairly consistent through the year.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So there’s certainly continues to be some migration to interest-bearing sort of deposits by our customers. We’re seeing it mostly on the wholesale side as well as a little bit on the trust side. And that’s a function of them looking for higher yield. It’s also a function as earnings credit rates have come up with rising rates just more excess deposits that they have the opportunity to be able to shift. I do think that that moderates a bit simply because with short-term rates kind of on hold, there’s going to be a lot of less pressure on earnings credit rates and then that is going to not reduced, but at least lower the increase of the any excess deposits. So, I do expect it to moderate a bit.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So as saw, our net interest margin was up a one basis point on a linked-quarter basis. Given the current rate environment, my expectations from a deposit standpoint is that deposit base will compare, the pricing will continue to creep up a little bit. It will be more driven by the loan growth than, where that loan growth is occurring. Our expectation is really no rate hikes for the rest of the year, that the yield curve stays relatively flat. And given that environment, our outlook for the rest of the year is a fairly flat net interest margin. And then the other thing I would just point out is that there is a little bit of seasonality for us because of our credit card portfolio. In the second quarter, it’s usually flat to down a little bit one basis point or two. So just kind of expect that in the second quarter, but for the full year and through the rest of the year, we pretty much expect it to be flat.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Erika, we clearly don’t understand the revenue environment that we’re in right now. And we’re looking at every opportunity to be able to manage our expenses down. So I think your expectation is right that we’re going to be very prudent with respect to our spending. We look at -- from a leverage standpoint, Andy talked a total bit about physical optimization you’re looking at any discretionary spending. You remember from the fourth quarter, we went through kind of an organizational redesign that will have some benefits to us throughout this year and also in the first quarter with the Tim Welsh taking over our consumer banking business. That gives us the opportunity to kind of look at the organizational design structure. So it’s little whole variety of different things. And then if you remember FDIC surcharge going the way giving us some flexibility in order to be able to get there. So, I think there are number of different levers, but it is challenging, but we’re going to end up having to manage in that environment and that’s our expectation.
Terry Dolan: Yes. I think that given the right environment without rate hikes, again, I think, the deposit pricing and how that changes will be a function of what sort of loan growth you see and the need to -- and the competition you have with respect to deposits in that situation. I do expect that on the wholesale trust side, there is still going to be -- continue to be some pressure, but I do believe that, that alleviates itself quite a bit. The other thing is that, if you end of – looking at our deposit growth, we’re seeing the deposit growth in terms of consumer balances, and as you know, the pricing flexibility on that site is a little bit better.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So when we end up looking at the loan growth. I think, it’s hard to look also too far. Certainly when we think about the second quarter, our expectations is that loans will grow kind of in line with a linked-quarter growth that we saw in the first quarter. But may be let me give a little bit of context in terms of some of the dynamics. The middle market loan growth was stronger in the first quarter, on a linked-quarter basis, it was up about a 1.3%, and year-over-year, its closer to about 5%. So we saw a nice growth in the middle market space. We saw a good growth with respect to our auto lending. It was a little bit less price competitive during the first quarter, and we kind of expect that to continue. Residential mortgages are -- our mortgage volume was a strong in the first quarter and so we continue to believe that’s going to be a positive thing. C&I, in general, was good. I mean, I think the economy is solid, our C&I pipelines are strong at this particular point in time and businesses continue to spend and makes some business investment. And so I think there is a lot of different factors that would suggest that sort of growth will continue. I think there’re two things in terms of overall total loans that created a bit of a drag. We talked little bit about our Commercial Real Estate portfolio, and our expectation is that will continue to slowly -- to continue to be a bit of a drag throughout the rest of the year just based upon where we’re at in the business cycle. And then within C&I kind of buried there is tax exempt loans. And when the tax rates change for a corporates coming down, but individuals staying pretty high, the appetite I guess what where the opportunity build to grow tax exempt in the corporate size equation or a banking size equation is a little bit more challenging. So that on a linked-quarter basis in the first quarter was about 20 basis points drag for us. So it is kind of a number of puts and takes, but overall, we feel good about where the economy is and where our businesses are spending.
Terry Dolan: Yes. That’s a little bit of lumpy in terms of other revenue. Probably the guidance that I would end up giving you is that, through the rest of the year, we would expect the range to be somewhere between $175 million to $225 million on the quarterly basis. So if you’re modeling kind of in between there, I think that’s a good estimate.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So maybe on the consumer spend, again we talked about the fewer processing days necessarily was an impact. But one of the thing that we saw kind of post holiday is that consumer spend did drop pretty dramatically, came back in January, a little stronger in February and it is kind of that 4% year-over-year growth rate in March. Our expectation on a full year basis is that, that will continue to get stronger kind of in that 5% to 6% sort of range in terms of continuing to accelerate from a sales standpoint. From a revenue perspective, I think that, again, it’s going to continue to get stronger in the second and third quarter. We’ll recapture some of those processing days. But our expectation for our credit and debit card revenue for the full year, given the impact of the first quarter, is really low single-digits at this particular point in time.
Terry Dolan: Yes, it is hard to identified any single or anyone of those things. But I think every one of them had some impact in the early part of the first quarter.
Terry Dolan: Yes. I think one of the other things that kind of ties into that is continuing to enhance and to improve our anti-digital marketing sort of capabilities into that all digital strategy, data analytics and a lot of those other things that will help drive growth in the future.
Terry Dolan: Yes, the impact was favorable a year ago. So it actually had a negative impact to the growth rate this year of about 400 basis points. If you think about we’re down 6.2%, there was a 500 basis point drag where I did three fewer processing days, 400 basis points drag related to the accounting change, and then the drag associated with the consumer spend dynamics that we saw early in the first quarter.
Terry Dolan: No, it was a onetime item in the first quarter of 2018, so it was one time. So it won’t impact anything related to our future quarters from a comparison standpoint.
Terry Dolan: Yes, it is not necessarily in the second quarter. We would expect it to reverse principally in the third quarter. By year-over-year basis, 2019 versus 2018 they’re actually two fewer processing days in total. So we’re going to get some of it back, but not all of them this year.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So we’re certainly seen, I think with respect to the capital markets with rates coming down we saw, I think, opportunity for some of that project financing to be refinanced in the first quarter. I think that’s part of it. We’re also seeing insurance companies, pension plans that have been a little more active with respect to taking out construction lending and providing the permanent financing maybe then what we have seen in the past. Fourth quarter was a little bit of an anomaly for us, because the first quarter kind of got – some of the first quarter activity got pulled forward into the fourth order. But when we think about commercial real estate, going through the rest of the year the type of pay down activity, I think we expect it to continue. So, the coin in the portfolio is probably going to be fairly consistent through the year. In terms of type of product, in terms of where we’re seeing it, I just really kind of across the board in terms of all the different areas, but it’s really from construction to that permanent financing stage. And part of that is, we’re at this particular point in the business cycle, we’re just not willing to extend out terms and go deeper with respect to commercial real estate at this particular point in time.
Terry Dolan: And I think that is one of the drivers in terms of why we are seeing application really stronger, and it’s one of the reasons why we feel pretty bullish on mortgage origination through the rest of the year.
Terry Dolan: Yes, the ATM business was sold of mid fourth quarter. So the change and deposit service charges fourth, excuse me, first quarter to first quarter is a pretty good metric or indicator with respect to the type of impact that it will have on deposit service charges going forward. And I think that’s probably the best way of kind of thinking about it.
Terry Dolan: That’s right. Because it included in that was third party service provider fees as well as that branded ATM fees.
Terry Dolan: Yes, typically I think you would expect to see about maybe 60% of the rate hike that would be probably more normal, so maybe in that 20 basis points. The rest of it is really kind of driven by the mix of the growth in the portfolio. So it’s really more of a mix issue.
Terry Dolan: Yes, a fair question, Mike. I think what’s changed over the past few years is the capabilities that you can do from a digital platform. So historically, you really need a physical presence to expand the customer relationship. And if you didn’t have a branch in that location or many branches, the density of branches, you weren’t able to really extend the relationship. I think with the capabilities today, the two thirds of transactions happen on a mobile device. The fact that 70% of our customers use the digital platform, all those facts allow you to enter a market with this branch light concept with a digital platform that is different from a few years ago. And I think that’s the major change.
Terry Dolan: Yeah, good question. Certainly with respect to our portfolio, there’s nothing really on the horizon that we’re too concerned about as you know that our portfolio is principally prime based and that’s true across all of our consumer sort of product and on the commercial side of the equation typically is an investment grade, high investment grade type of customers that we do business with. So I don’t think there is a particular areas that we have that it stands out as a concern for us, certainly in commercial real estate. And one of the reasons why we’re not extending terms and those sorts of things is just that at this particular point in the business cycle, we think it’s prudent just to continue to hold our own as opposed to expand and grow. And then maybe coming back to your question with respect to retail malls, it – I think that will continue to be an area of pressure if you think about the industry. But for us, the exposure I believe is less than $250 million. So it just isn’t a big exposure for us at this particular point in time.
Terry Dolan: As soon as the rate starts moving down, we and I think the industry would be fairly proactive in terms of bringing deposit pricing down along with it.
Saul Martinez: Okay. So, sorry. So the best ways to sort of look at the year-on-year Delta versus where it was in the first quarter of 2018.
Saul Martinez: Okay. So it’s a about $40 million to $45 million. So not all of it goes away from what you previously were posting in that ATM processing services line, which was like $80 million to $90 million a quarter.
Saul Martinez: Got it. And then on your C&I loan yields, it tipped up quite a bit this quarter. They were up like 30, almost 30 basis points, I think 29 basis points, which is fairly high even in a quarter where you have a hike and LIBOR obviously moved up. The average LIBORmoved up less than in prior quarters, if anything unusual in that tick up and commercial loan yields that we should be aware of or it seems like a pretty big increase.
