Andrew Cecere: Thanks Jenn, and good morning everyone, and thank you for joining our call. We have a lot to talk about this morning, and as usual we’ll take your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. I’ll start with Slide 3. In the fourth quarter, we reported earnings per share of $0.97, which included several notable items amounting to $0.09 per share. Let me take a minute to talk about these notable items. The tax reform legislation that was passed a few weeks ago is a very positive development that will provide immediate and ongoing benefit to our employees, customers, communities and our shareholders as we invest a portion of our tax savings in each of these important constituencies. As a result of the signing of the legislation, the company recognized a one-time fourth quarter benefit related to the revaluation of our tax-related assets and liabilities of $910 million. In connection with this event, we took the opportunity to make $150 million contribution to our charitable foundation and we accrued $67 million for a special one-time bonus to certain eligible employees. The impact of these two items was approximately $152 million net of tax. We also recognized an accrual of $608 million for costs associated with legal and regulatory matters and an investigation discussed in previous filings related to our legacy bank secrecy, anti-money laundering compliance program, and a legacy banking relationship between U.S. Bank and a former customer’s business. U.S. Bank has worked diligently over the past several years to improve and strengthen its AML controls, processes and staff, including increasing compliance staff and making significant investments in systems. U.S. Bank embraces the highest standards of integrity, risk management and compliance, and we remain committed to continually improving our controls and processes across the enterprise to protect all of our stakeholders. The 8-K we filed this morning provides additional information on this topic. Our earnings per share were $0.88, excluding the notable items. Slide 4 provides highlights of our results. Loan growth was in line with our expectation at 0.8%, credit quality was stable, and our book value increased by 6.9% from a year earlier. We returned 72% of our earnings to shareholders through dividends and share buybacks. Slide 5 highlights key performance metrics. Our performance, excluding notable items, in the fourth quarter was highlighted by a 13.4% return on average common equity, a 17% return on tangible common equity, and a 1.33% return on average assets. We delivered positive operating leverage on a year-over-year basis in the fourth quarter and our efficiency ratio, excluding notable items, was 55.3%. Now let me turn the call over to Terry to provide more detail on the quarter as well as forward-looking guidance.
Andrew Cecere: Thanks Terry. We are now 10 years past what, in hindsight, was the beginning of a national crisis. By almost any account, the banking industry has re-emerged stronger, safer, and more nimble. Today the economy appears to be on firm footing. The regulatory environment is becoming more supportive of growth and tax reform will arguable promote job growth, consumer spending, and prolong the growth base of this business cycle. Against this backdrop, U.S. Bank is well positioned to win market share in our lending and fee businesses and deliver improving returns on equity while operating with the same risk discipline that has served us well through many credit environments. The delivery of predictable, industry-leading profitability and returns has been a constant over the years, but recently the pace of improvement in these metrics has been limited by headwinds we have faced, some within our control, some out of our control. However, there is reason to believe that these headwinds are starting to abate. First, expenses have been higher than we considered normalized primarily due to costs related to addressing our consent order with the OCC. However, the heavy lifting is completed and we expect compliance and regulatory costs to continue to revert towards our overall expense growth trajectory. Fee headwinds are starting to shift in our favor. Mortgage refinance activity, which has been a headwind for the industry, is declining at a diminishing pace, and home sales continue to strengthen. Strategic decisions and market challenges depressed our merchant processing in revenue in 2017; however, we remain confident that merchant processing revenue will return to a mid-single digit growth trajectory by the third quarter. While diminishing headwinds are beneficial, what we are most optimistic about is the potential for investments that we have previously made in our businesses, as well as investments we plan to make in the future, to increasingly manifest in the form of improving top line revenue growth and profitability. Our corporate payments services business is firing on all cylinders heading into 2018. For the first time in many years, both the commercial business sector, which is benefiting from higher T&E spend, and the government sector are showing good momentum. In our wealth management and investment services businesses, market share gains are being driven by new client growth. In our traditional banking businesses, we are up-tiering our clients in corporate bank and moving up the lead tables in our capital markets businesses. On the consumer side, investments over the past several years aimed at enhancing our auto relationships are driving strong market share growth. We are well positioned as one of the few remaining non-captive lessors in the industry and as one of the few financers to offer both a lending and leasing option to our dealers. It is clear that past investment spending is delivering the intended results, and we expect to reap those benefits for years to come. Now, because of tax reform, we have the opportunity to accelerate our investment spending. We will target additional technology and innovation spending on the initiatives aimed at enhancing the customer experience and leveraging our competitive positioning, with a particular focus on payments, digital and mobile banking, and B2B capabilities. Technology and innovation are core to our long-term strategy for growth, and we’re excited about the opportunity to advance key initiatives that will support both top line revenue and improved operating efficiencies. To wrap up, I believe that 2018 will prove to be a very good year for U.S. Bank, and by that I mean for the entirety of what makes us U.S. Bank - our employees, our customers, our communities, and of course our shareholders. That concludes our formal remarks. Terry, Bill and I will now be happy to answer your questions.
Andrew Cecere: I’d add, Terry, as we think about treasury management, we think about it in combination with corporate payments because they’re really two parts of the same component, and corporate payments in particular has had a wonderful year - 11% growth, both on the government as well as the corporate side. Our virtual pay product is growing 22%, and as we think about the future, there’s going to be that combination of thinking about treasury management together with corporate payments.
Andrew Cecere: I’ll ask Terry to add on, but I think the principle reason is two of the impacts this year and this quarter were weather related as well as the exit of the joint ventures that we’ve talked about in the past. The weather related will diminish greatly in the first quarter and going forward, and we lap the exit of the joint ventures starting in the second half of ’18.
Andrew Cecere: I think, Terry, when we’re talking about the base for that, it is off of the numbers excluding notable items, which I think is about $12.1 billion of expense.
Andrew Cecere: And importantly, Terry, as you said, we’re looking at this from both a revenue and an expense perspective, and we’re making the additional investments to grow the revenue, and to simply say that we’re going to manage both sides of that equation, the positive operating leverage in ’18,’19, ’20 and going forward.
Andrew Cecere: My expectation, Erika, is that we would see limited changes to the U.S. Bank. As a reminder, we’re above $250 billion but we don’t have a SIFI buffer on the capital component. We’re already at the capital levels. We have the processes in place for CCAR and stress testing, so I expect limited change or impact to our company.
Andrew Cecere: Yes, that hasn’t changed, Brian. We completed most of the--all of the systems integration and process and build, as well as the people and process at the end of 2017, and we’re now on a sustainability phase of it and we will continue to be in there for the first half of ’18, which is really ensuring that the processes we’ve put in place are acting and performing as expected.
Andrew Cecere: You know, that’s dependent upon the regulator, certainly, but we are doing everything on our end to make sure we’re performing as well as we can. As I said, I think we have all the processes and systems and people in place, now it’s just a matter of going through it and ensuring that they’re working appropriately. I would also remind you that the M&A activity that we’ve been focused on has been not related to the AML consent order of things, like card portfolios, payments, and trust activities. We’ll continue to look at those items.
Terrance Dolan: Yes. When we end up looking at expenses for the full year of 2018, because of the reinvestment that we plan on making, you would expect us to be in that mid-single digits and the high end of that range.
Terrance Dolan: Yes, and thanks for the question. From a fee standpoint, so if you think about deposit service charges, we made a lot of those types of changes a while back, and so I wouldn’t see us making any further changes with respect to our fee structure at this particular point in time. We have seen good growth with respect to deposit service charges, and that is really tied to both deposit balance and just growth in terms of consumer accounts. In terms of treasury management, treasury management has been a real success story for us this year. We’ve seen good core growth in terms of client relationships throughout the year, and we would continue to expect that that will have a positive impact going into 2018. As deposit rates do rise, though, we would expect that we would be making some adjustment to the earnings credit rate, and that would dampen it a bit.
Terrance Dolan: Yes, so the impact of those two is about 2.5 to 3%, and again the weather events diminish pretty significantly in the first quarter and then by the end of the second quarter, as Andy said. The other thing we’re seeing is that sales volumes in our merchant acquiring business have been particularly strong. We’re 4%-plus in terms of same store sales, which was good - we saw some nice lift in the fourth quarter, and then our overall sales were about 7.3%, kind of in that ballpark, and that’s because we’re seeing nice growth in terms of new business. We believe that that momentum that we started to create in the merchant acquiring business is going to help us generate that mid single digits by the end of the--by the second half of 2018.
Terrance Dolan: Yes, so let me take it first and then I’ll hand it off to Bill. If you think about loan growth, in the near term there is certainly going to be impacts of tax performance. It’s a little bit difficult to forecast, but quite honestly loan growth in the near term is going to be dependent upon the level of pay downs that we see and that sort of activity in the capital markets as corporate customers realign or rebalance their debt structure, the capital structure if you will. I think your expectation of GDP, kind of in that range or a little plus of that is a good or reasonable estimate as you think about the full year, but in the near term it’s going to be impacted by some of the things that we see in terms of customer behavior.
Terrance Dolan: Then John, maybe the last thing I would just add in terms of loan growth is that in the latter half of 2017, and I think with tax reform, we are seeing momentum in terms of consumer spend and consumer activity, and I think that that bodes well with respect to loan growth on the retail side.
Terrance Dolan: Yes, I think if you end up looking at our growth rate this year, it was a little bit above 5% on a year-over-year basis, and we expected that to continue to improve excluding the tax reform and some of the reinvestment that we end up making. With that tax reform, that really is kind of what causes us to think we’re going to be at the high end of that range, or in the mid-single digits.
Terrance Dolan: No Scott, we expect positive operating leverage including the investments - including the investments.
Terrance Dolan: Yes Kevin, maybe let me take that. If you think about incremental investments that you’re making, there’s kind of an arc, and I think about it over kind of a two or three-year time frame, making the investments today and you start to see the revenue benefit in that second half of the second year and then into the third year. So when we think about 2019 and 2020, we have to kind of think about that arc, if you will. I do believe that as you get down to the 2020 time horizon, you’re going to see that incremental revenue that’s going to be impacting the business positively, but the double benefit of that is that with the digital initiatives that we have going on, we also would expect to see efficiencies come from those investments as well, following that sort of time horizon.
Terrance Dolan: Yes, given all the moving parts, Ricky, I think one of the things we’re going to focus really on is giving guidance with respect to net interest income, so when we think about net interest income going into next year, we would expect growth pretty similar to what we see this year, fee income growth being a little bit stronger. That net interest income growth is going to be driven by our expectations around loan growth and just the rising rate environment.
Terrance Dolan: Yes, the way that we end up managing our investment portfolio is really from a liquidity management standpoint, and that will track very consistently with the growth in average earning assets.
Terrance Dolan: Yes, so when we’re thinking about 2018, we expect that we’re going to see rate hikes, probably a couple rate hikes, and then one in December, so we’ll see two kind of midyear, and then in terms of the yield curve, we kind of established our plan or our forecast based upon where the yield curve was in that mid-December time frame, and as you know, recently it’s steepened a little bit but I think there’s probably going to be movement up and down in terms of where that yield curve is. There’s going to be pressure, and I think it’s probably going to flatten a bit as rates rise during the year as well.
Terrance Dolan: Yes, so this is Terry. When you think about tax reform, I think how it ends up getting utilized, we talked about the reinvestment; but the competition in terms of pricing, we obviously live in a pretty dynamic environment. I do think that there is going to be some bleed that will take place because of competitive pricing, but I also expect that that’s going to take place over time and it’s probably going to be a little bit different, depending upon the product and the service and the customer segment that you have. Obviously, we operate in a pretty competitive environment, so ultimately how much gets competed away will be dependent upon that competition. I would say that if you think about the last 10 years, though, the industry has run at lower return levels because it’s been real difficult to price in things like regulatory costs and the cost of capital and liquidity, and all sorts of things. So I do think that especially for some period of time, the banking industry is going to try to recapture some of that in terms of its returns, and as a result from a competitive standpoint I think that will be a little bit delayed.
