Richard Davis: Thank you, Kathy. I’m very proud of our third quarter results. We reported a record EPS, maintained our industry leading performance measures and reported a 19% return on tangible common equity in the quarter. We’re operating from a position of strength as we grow revenue, as we manage expenses, as we seek to exceed customer expectations, and as we create value for our shareholders in the demanding marketplace. As we head into the final quarter of the year, we remain focused on delivering consistent, predictable and repeatable financial results for the benefit of our customers, our employees, our communities and our shareholders. That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Kathy, Bill and I would now be happy to answer your questions.
Richard Davis: I would say just more of the same which is not pessimistic but it’s not uber optimistic either. I mean we’re seeing a nice transition to consumers getting more steady in their spending patterns. I think we’ll see a nice seasonal lift in credit cards in the fourth quarter. Auto loans as you know remain strong. Our Bank has been benefited by a strong home equity growth of portfolio and not having some other run-offs that other portfolios have had. So, you will continue to see I think all cylinders on consumer growth. And that will be a nice challenge to probably an equal growth we’ll continue to see in C&I and CRE as well as small business. So, what you saw this quarter is probably the optimal work here for a while which is a nice 1% to 1.5% linked quarter probably even on both commercial and wholesale which gives us a nice blend for the margin. I would say the competitiveness on the rates are pretty steady and we’re not seeing an undue amount of pressure except in the middle market C&I space, everything else seems to be managing itself pretty well. The one area that we’re not growing right now is CRE. I certainly mentioned this time we talked that it’s an area that we think has some undue risk in it; it’s a pretty overheated market in not just certain locations but tenures and the terms and the recourse non-recourse decisions that some banks are making and we’re not going to participate in that. So don’t be disappointed if you don’t see commercial real estate grow a great deal. We’ll probably hold our own and keep our market share but that’s an area we’re going to keep particularly close eye on. And then finally areas of real opportunity, the small business category still looks good especially under the $350,000 level. Real small businesses feeling that they’ve got some real value now or some real cash flow either from their own personal circumstances or from their own business. And we’re starting to see a higher percentage of take up on that, both SPA and traditional small business. And I think our market share continues to reflect the growth in the last couple of quarter. So, a lot more of the same, the catalyst I think is I’ve said before will be the real movement in interest rates. The first mover impact which I think will trigger quite an impact on these C&I and the larger company space for the one and not miss the opportunity to get lock in rates before they start moving up at no matter what speed but until then it’s just kind of more what you’re seeing. We’ll get it out in the marketplace with prime only quality loans at a pricing advantage that I think we continue to be able to benefit from.
Richard Davis: Yes. You got the question too. Listen, first of all, we’re going to be very careful on not heading where we shouldn’t. And I am not -- we’re still a long-term company, so we’re not going to make big mistakes here and over manage this. But I will tell you that this discretionary addition to our otherwise prudent FTE impacts is going to start showing itself for the first time in quarter four and we’re going to get that a range of $10 million to $15 million benefit that we wouldn’t have had if we’ve not started this effort. 2016, we’re in the middle of the planning process; so it will obviously be more than that but it’s going to be thoughtful. And I think you all know that we’re giving you our efforts to get back to positive operating leverage on an annual basis. Then as you look into plan next year, that’s our goal is to make it a positive operating leverage. But at the same token, I don’t want to starve the future and find out that we over manage something and got this company back to really where it was 10 years ago where we were just investing. So, we’re going to be thoughtful about it but it’s got real impact but not huge in quarter four. And then we’ll have a better idea to give you since later this quarter as we look to 2016 and see what kind of impacts the cumulative facts of all that can be. But I assure you, we’re going to continue invest in places we need to and where the ROI is good. I don’t see an expense; I’ve seen investment and we’ll continue to be thoughtful on that distinction.
Richard Davis: What I said was I care less, not I don’t care, I do care. The fact is that we’re going to put into our plan an expectation for very, very nominal number and size of rate increases which much less we’ve had in the years past, so nominal that it’s very small that to the extent that that occurs and in case nothing happens, we will struggle to get positive operating leverage. To the extent that anything happens, we’re going to build a plan to give it very close to that, so that we can approximate revenue growth and expense growth to be somewhere near the same where revenue slightly outpaces it. And there is a reasonable amount of increases or sooner than later, then we’ll have much bigger opportunity to provide much more positive operating leverage. But we’re building it to be right at the line so that we can deliver back to what we committed, start growing the Bank that way again and then any benefits we get will be a bonus. But do we need one or two, John, over the next 15 months but we don’t need much more than that; we don’t need them all right now and they don’t need to be big.
Richard Davis: Good memory. I told you that I think the statute in our head kind of ends in ‘17. So I don’t think ‘16 is going to be a year where you’ll see us jumping into big bank deals or big branch deals. But we do love the non-capital, the business of fees and trust. And you saw recent acquisition we made of the Auto Club card portfolio, there are more where that came from John and those are very attractive deals; they are bolt-on; they’re low capital. But for the provision, you need to put in front of them. And the small conversion task is a good way to grow the balance sheet and we’ll continue to see opportunities there. So, I think ‘16 looks like the tail end of the last four, five years and then ‘17 probably becomes the time we’ll start looking at more traditional bank deals. And frankly, we don’t really feel we need them right now. Our deposit growth is steady; our customer growth patterns are steady; our relationships are getting deeper and we’ve always said wanted double down where we are; more than grow where we aren’t. And so far that’s working for us. And I don’t feel like we’re starved at all by not being able to do that.
Richard Davis: I don’t think we -- we don’t think there is an environment where that’s going to necessarily impair our interest. I think we have to watch for the trailing risk that I mentioned before especially inheriting it from that you didn’t you create yourself and you also want to spend time making sure that everything you have in your houses in good order, but I don’t see anything new on the horizon or any new information that would change our appetite.
Richard Davis: Paul, I don’t know that they are any more attractive than they have been in the last few years. I think there are certain boards sitting around boardrooms saying at smaller sizes are we going to make it at this level, can we afford with our scale to be profitable; that might change a little bit. But we’re not seeing an intensely different environment that we’ve seen in the last eight quarters, not more players, not higher quality players, not more desperate players. And our attraction, our interest is low. So maybe that’s because we’re saying we’re not interested, we’re not getting a lot of bites. But we’re not denying anything that we think is too good to pass. And I actually don’t think -- I am not attracted to other banks right now. I just for all the reasons you mentioned -- I mentioned to you before, this year positioning in this moment in time. It’s enough to carry your entire balance sheet across the goal line when interest rates are low and deposits don’t have value, but they are going to be valuable one day again and you’re going to be glad you have all of those deposit gather in place. We have 3,186 right now; that’s probably quite enough for us. I am just not -- we’re not seeing an attraction on our part and no one is coming out for us with a different or better story.
Richard Davis: There are markets that we have business like Lewiston and Williston and those parts of the Dakotas, which is like the old gold rush; things start slowing down, the town moves downstream. We don’t do much business there anyway; we didn’t set up any locations; we didn’t create infrastructure because we didn’t think it was sustainable. And for the most part becoming mostly a Midwest and West Coast company, we’re outside of the Texas Panhandle and down of the Gulf Coast. And so that’s for a few customers that might have some tension tertiary impacts to energy, we really don’t have anything at our gun sites and none of our communities are struggling in that category either based on the consumer or the small business.
Richard Davis: First of all Bill, this has actually come up before; I think it’s maybe five or six years ago in the earlier stages of my CEO time. And as it turns out, we just have to go back around and describe not only the merits of having that kind of business in a bank but connected to the bank. So first of all, we’re an acquirer but we’re also an issuer and with that combination comes a remarkable benefit that an acquirer alone doesn’t have. And so we can do the testing, we can do the modeling; we’ve talked about close loops before. Everything we want to pilot or understand about consumer and merchant behavior is we can test both sides of that and there is an amazing amount of value to that that I would strongly want to connect to. The second piece is we do a lot of that business for our own customers. So instead of having to outsource an acquiring position to our retailers or our small merchant, we actually provide that service to them directly. I think still some banks provide insurance and they do it directly to their customers; we do the merchant acquiring. And maybe as importantly, we do this for hundreds and hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of smaller banks across the nation. And the smaller bank, if I were a smaller bank and I used to work at one, I would trust the capabilities and the -- I’ll call the regulatory understanding of the environment another bank more than the non-bank. So we get a lot of benefits by being a bank doing business for other banks with white label and private label that we call it there merchant servicing. But with it comes an amazing flow of new business and highly retained customers by being a bank to other banks. So all that is probably not unlocked as you said but it’s certainly a part and parcel of the why we think this business is great, why we want to keep growing it. It has international feeling too, so I’ve got a nice natural hedge now with all the business we do in Europe and in Central and South America. There is no reason that can’t continue to grow as long as the economic social impacts are understood. And so the volatility of the foreign exchange, we have no other risk because it’s a 24-hour settlement. So, it’s a great business. We love it. The cost of entry for other banks is quite prohibitive. So, I want to stick with it; stay with it; grow with it. But if I were to dis-couple from the bank, it would become more germane to a standalone merchant acquirer that has none of the benefits I just described.
Richard Davis: We’re all going to have to get ready for this moment when deposits start to flow out of banks and we should celebrate it. You’re all going to want to measure the beta and who loses the most and what’s the retention factor, we’ll all be prepared for that. But we really do want to see customers use their deposits; they’re back up to a savings level now that hasn’t been seen in 12 years. That’s great for America but now we want them to use that. And all the field pricing for the most part benefits seem to have gone into savings in some form of either paying down debt or saving it in the bank, which great, which is great, but we all do want to see that start to move because as we’ve said before, the first canary in the mind is deposits go down; secondly lines of credit that are already extended but not used get used and then eventually a loans of loan start to happen. That’s how the cycle reverses itself. We’re still not there and honestly I will be the first to cheer when deposits start to flow out because consumerism starts and because the economy is really back up and running.
Richard Davis: Yes, it’s going to be definitely not before, not even at that moment; it will be later when either somebody has decided, they miss guided themselves in this quieter period and got rid of their deposit gathering options and need to go out and price up for it or there will be a bank or two to that wants to get clever and creative and try to get the market movement and do these laddering programs and these guarantees and things that we never did before and wouldn’t recommend in the future. But those kinds of behaviors I think you’ll see but they won’t happen now and they won’t happen even at the point of great increase. They will happen when people start to realize deposit start to matter again and they’ll have to decide to get hungry for an avenue they might have closed off.
Richard Davis: The portfolio looks exactly like our portfolio. I mean from charge-offs to revolve, average spend; it’s right down the fairway and it’s a complete continuation of the kind of service that we provide that quality of customer.
Richard Davis: It’s an Auto Club branded card that is with our support and backing. So it’s on our balance sheet, our processing but Auto Club has the rewards that go along with it.
Richard Davis: That’s why we could be wrong but at least we’re going to have the luxury of deciding later. But branch closures look very attractive now because they’re not only not very profitable, they’re actually going in the wrong direction as this long interest rate stays low and deposit values are much less than they will be in the future. But there will be a time when rates go back up. I know you and I are old enough to remember and deposits will be the governor on how many loans you can make. And that’s the benefit we’re always going to have on these interlopers who are coming in with these great lending ideas. They don’t have the deposits and we shouldn’t give up the one thing we have which is deposits which will be the key driver. So for us, we have been rationalizing our branch system a lot. We don’t look for headlines on it. We’ve been retooling what happens in the branches all the things that you would expect us to do and closing where they’re necessary and opening with they’re necessary. But we’re by and large a believer in the branch network. We think it’s the best core deposits; it’s best quality customers we get from a branch referred loan or credit line. And yet right now, it’d be a bad time to evaluate their value because at this point at the end of a long recession, they’re not very attractive.
Richard Davis: I think I’ll just repeat it for everybody. What we’ve been doing for a year now is watching our FTE assets and be very prudent about where we add them. We’ve recently gone through a rationalization program where our lower performers that were not performing just not the highest level given the importance of an FTE, we’ve now used a company program to do a talent upgrade and effectively use people out of the company. And on top of that, in the last quarter, we added this discretionary expense review which is the other half of the expense categories and started looking at where we don’t need to be spending money at this point in time until rates move. And that’s some we gave some color around. I said that in the quarter four it will be a $10 million to $15 million net benefit that we wouldn’t have had if we hadn’t taken that extra action. For 2016, it will obviously be more than that but we’re not ready to size it because I am also not going to necessarily give you guys a sense that all expenses stop because we’re just reallocating the right things and in some cases we’re going to be investing in places we have been in the past. So too early to rate for ‘16 but definitely net positive and our goal is to get to the positive operating leverage at the minimum annual level starting next year.
Richard Davis: No, I don’t remember being that strong. But I would say it’s not getting worse. I know I said that before. Undeniably it’s not getting worse. I mean things aren’t going backwards; people aren’t going in the direction of not investing; people aren’t afraid to buy cars; people aren’t afraid to use their credit line. I think for a more political discussion, there is the haves and have-nots right in the barbell of who is participating who is not as greater than it used to be. But being a prime only lender and being at a pretty high quality on the line of customers, we’re not impacted mostly by that and we’re feeling a small, slow, steady almost monotonous and I’ll call tortuously flow improvement over the course of time. I do believe Nancy, I’ve always believed it, I could be totally wrong and happy to be if I am but when the first rate moves, a real move, not a thought of it, not a predilection of it, not a guess of it; I do think that the corporate America starts to move quickly and they’ll start to take advantage first because they have most to gain. And then I think they’ll start to create some incentive -- create consumerism and I think we’re off to the races. I think for the first time business will drive out of the slow recovery than consumers. And I’ll call it recovery because it’s not a recession; it still feels slow and very measured. So I’m not writing home about it. Without interest rates moving, you just keep seeing us all doing a little more of what we were doing before, managing to the needs of customers who do have the wherewithal and do have the motives, still want to keep growing and benefiting in their lives but plenty of people aren’t playing yet and the savers are getting killed.
Richard Davis: Yes, there is two answers to that. One is mobile transitions to banking channels. We’re sending money on that. We’ve talked about our growth; our hundreds of people in Atlanta that work on those topics. I haven’t starved that one bit because that is the changing environment wherein we have to be a leader on that; we’re expected and we have to invest. So that’s a good ROI in the long-term; it’s not a near-term ROI. The other one Nancy is we’re spending money on compliance. What I’ve learned -- if you’ve heard my speech, it’s like we’ve gone from baggage handlers to pilots, same company. Baggage handlers every once in a while make a mistake and up until now it’s okay, no one loses their lives but pilot from the same company can’t crash a plane. I’d had to move all of our employees from baggage handlers to pilots. So, we’re still in that transition. So, regulators have required that of us as well. So I’m spending money on either back office or more often than not technology to replace some of the error ridden places where human interaction creates an outcome that is not acceptable anymore. And that investment’s worth it, not because it’s a better product necessarily but because it’s a better compliance outcome, the safer way to earn when you don’t have the potential of penalties and fines and risks. So those are two things that have not been touched. Other things would be the more attractive ways to just increase the capabilities we do in the back office that no one really sees but it’s just more elegant; less involvement where people have to touch customers where customers can self serve. All those things are -- some of those are nice to have; where they are not required, we’re holding back on those. And those would be the things we’ll add back the minute we start seeing revenue growth.
Andy Cecere: I think as Richard mentioned, in the large corporate space, I would say pricing is relatively stable; middle market can be aggressive because fewer competitors can make a difference there. And the other area on the retail side of the equation is auto lending, continues to be fairly competitive in terms of pricing. Other than those categories relatively stable.
Andy Cecere: Hi Ken, this is Andy. In the fourth quarter, I would expect to see continued strength in our merchant processing a little lower on a linked quarter basis because as Kathy mentioned, we have very strong equipment sales in the third quarter that will continue at a lower level in the fourth quarter. But the year-over-year comps will continue to be very favorable. Card is always positive in the fourth quarter. Corporate Payments is down a little bit because the third quarter is the big quarter for that one. Trust is going to be dependent a little bit upon the markets, so there is the market impact to that, the S&P market impacts fees overall. And then mortgage fees I would expect to be modestly down in the fourth quarter. Typical seasonality in the fourth quarter is down 5% to 15%.
Andy Cecere: I think if you take out the couple of unusual items that we had this quarter, the Visa gain and the student loan impact, I would expect moderate growth on a linked quarter basis.
Andy Cecere: Our deposit base is principally operating. We have been very good about managing the core there. We don’t have some of those non-operating more fluctuating higher volatility deposits. So that has not been an issue for us, so we have not been turning any away. We’ve been working with our customers. And again for the most part ours are operating in core.
Andy Cecere: So, if it’s a qualifying mortgage Freddie or Fannie, we will sell that. It is a better financial decision from our perspective to originate and sell those mortgages. If it is a jumble or non sellable mortgage, we’ll put down on the balance sheet; we’ve been a little bit more aggressive with that particularly with our own customers have talked about that. So, that would be our expectation. We’ve gone from about 21st in terms of size to fifth or sixth and I would expect us to continue to be in that range. Our particular emphasis is to put more branch distribution as a focus in terms of our core growth. And that is something that we continue to drive and are successful and increasing. So, I expect to see us grow aftermarket grabs little bit above the market particularly focused on branch and if it’s sellable, we will sell it.
Andy Cecere: Vivek, this is Andy. So the acceleration, the increase is principally due to that EMV. We always sell equipments in any particular quarter, it’s higher in this quarter and last quarter, I would expect it to continue at least for quarter or two, perhaps not at the levels we saw in the third quarter, but it is principally due to that acceleration because merchants are buying chip enabled terminals.
Andy Cecere: It was $525 million right at the end of the quarter. So, no impact in quarter three; you’ll see that impact in quarter four.
Andy Cecere: So Vivek, consumer banking is the most impacted business line by the low rate environment in terms of their earnings as we sit today. So, they have a lot of deposits. Those deposits on a relative basis are below the typical spreads and value that we have on a long-term basis. And that impact is what’s driving their efficiency ratio. So as rates start to move, you will see that business line more than any other start to improve in terms of efficiency ratio.
Kathy Rogers: This is Kathy. So, as you know from an investment portfolio perspective, we are at our LCR coverage ratio. So, any activity that you’ll see in our investment portfolio along with sales will be in line with balance sheet. So I don’t expect a significant amount there. We will continue to see some impact from the reinvestment rate through; however as some of those securities pay down and we reinvest, that will come on at a bit lower spread than what we had before. Although that mitigated a bit for us in third quarter, we’ll take our eyes on fourth quarter in the rate environment. So I think really what causes us to think about stable margin as we go into fourth quarter, this continued mix of our loan portfolio. So, as the consumer loans are -- and we expect them to continue to be a bigger piece of the growth on a linked quarterly basis, that will guide us to stable margins as we look into quarter four.
Kathy Rogers: No, we’re really -- we’re not actively managing any kind of deposit growth or as Andy said, we’re not looking at getting out of any deposits either on our books. So really what you see in our deposit growth is what -- just the core growth that we’re seeing from our consumer -- our customer base. And I will say that really is across all the categories in our wholesale and our consumer. And keep in mind that we do have that strong base of deposits within our corporate trust area. So, we do see deposit growth really across the Company and it’s really just a reflection of what our customers are doing.
Kathy Rogers: John, we’re guiding into the fourth quarter and I would be hesitant to guide out past that. But what I would say is if we continue -- the loan mix of our portfolio growth with consumer growing a little bit higher at higher spreads and we see on the wholesale, I think that coupled with just our reinvestment rate impact on securities is kind of starting to narrow a bit. There is similar or those things continue as we move into 2016, I would think that we would have similar type expectations. But at this point we’re looking quarter-to-quarter and as we said probably stable into quarter four.
Kathy Rogers: Yes, I would say it’s up from a reported number and that’s principally driven as we said by the fact that our tax credit amortization expense is -- quarter four is our seasonally highest increase related tax credit amortization expense. And we said that that would probably go up in the range of about 65 million to 75 million, similar to what we saw in previous trends. And then you could expect to see that increase being partially offset by some of the elevated costs that we’ve caught out here in quarter three.
