Richard Davis: Thanks, Andy. To include our formal remarks, I turn your attention to slide 23. On September 15th, we held an Investor Day in New York City. The theme of the day was Position to Win. Our presentation has highlighted our strong foundation including our ability to manage credit and risk, our diversified business mix and our prudent capital management. We discussed how we have proven our ability to perform even during one of the most challenging and uncertain economic cycles. We talked about how we have invested in our business line and as a result are building profitable scale and growing our market share. Our third results fully support our belief that U.S. Bancorp is operating from a position of strength and remains position to win. We are moving forward with optimism despite the headwinds of new regulatory and legislative actions and oversight and still an uncertain economy. We are focused on the future and we are ready and willing to do what we can to support the economic recovery of this country. We’re also standing our engaged – engaged and performance-driven workforce in creating superior value for our shareholders. That concludes our formal remarks. Andy, Bill and I would be happy to answer questions from the audience.
Richard Davis: You got more than one question, John?Jon Arfstrom – RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Yes, just the next question is more of a – just changing the retail. Obviously, you’ve highlighted your Reg E issue and we have that will show off at some point. But how do you think about the retail checking product, some of your larger competitors have made some changes in terms of the account structure and just curios what you’re thinking is. Is it higher minimum? Is it monthly piece, you know how do you get paid for your retail branch network.
Richard Davis: Thank you, John. First of all, you know to our competitors, go forth. We’re going to wait and I think after this last time, we, I think, have the luxury and we’ve earned the positioned to watch and learn. I have no idea what’s the customer going to want at this next range, and I’m not going to say we’re going to get it all back without knowing what that means. We have to have a value proposition. We have to have a relationship that’s got more than a transaction account attached to it. We’re building all those preparations. But I’ll say, I think it’s going to be a monthly service charge, but I think it’s going to be for more than the standard checking account. I think people will be able to offset any of those charges like having deeper relationships and different value transactions with the company, but I am not going to move on that quickly. We’re going to – I think I said this last time, we’ll withhold some near-term earnings by not jumping into freight early, by taking a little longer to learn what the right answer is, perhaps take some market share while people are adjusting more quickly to figure out the right answer and then, we’ll deliver something to you all when we have a better idea of what this next generation of checking pricing looks like.Jon Arfstrom – RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Okay, thank you.
Richard Davis: Yes, we’re not trying to guess beyond quarter four, and we’re just trying to say show you what moves.
Richard Davis: Yes, John. I think – as I said, you know, all the other quarters, it’s a lot more mass than it is ours. So, we let the mass dictate where we are and I have to say that if we continue to see progression in our delinquency improvements and our nonperforming outsets, we will probably see a reserve release in the future quarters. As I also said about a year ago, if we end up doing that, it’s because we failed in our ability to predict perfectly and that will be the case. But I don’t think [inaudible] at this situation today. We don’t ever put it away with the goal of getting it back later. We simply put it away based on the math of what we see in the current day. As Bill would tell you, particularly consumer loans are based on a four quarter full review. Commercial loans are a little more lumpy and more individual based on company and in bold cases, they’re coming down. But I also want to make sure that we end this cycle with very, very strong reserve levels – adequate and strong reserve levels for our loan offices as we go into the improving scenario. So, I think that if we keep following the map like we have, you’ll start to see some reserve capture, but it won’t be significant and it wasn’t intentional.John McDonald – Stanford Bernstein Research: Okay, great. Thank you.
Richard Davis: And that’s it Richard, let me just say, I’ve instructed our team to be aggressive on deposit gathering. So, while you’re hearing that there’s going to be a growth of long growth, I ask you believe that we’re going to continue to grow based on market share grab. I’m going to make that assumption and therefore, we’re going to keep going to deposits and I think whichever bank ends this downturn goes into the recovery with the most customers, with the most deposits especially cored deposits will end up winning the next cycle. So, we’re not backing down. We have the ability to be aggressive in the deposit pricing based on relationships and we’re doing it across the board.
Richard Davis: Yes, I think also, Betsy, it may lead us to build our securities portfolio a bit, not material, but a bit as we continue to build our liquidity coverage ratio and strengthen our liquidity on balance sheet.
Richard Davis: Okay. So, this is – you set it up and I’ll confirm. This is just my opinion and based on the data I collect, I think that it’ll be the latter or the former. I think they’re going to allow banks individually with permission to move forward on dividend resumption and/or stock buybacks. Here’s my current, in my head, the timeline looks like this. G20 Heads of State meet in the end of November. They confirm what the finance ministers have said all along. They confirm the capital levels, then they leave to the domestic local domains to decide what kind of systemic important capital, buffer there maybe, and other things that each country may want to add. Once and when our government and our Fed and Treasury have decided what that is for our banks, I think they’ll continue to pursue this stress testing that we have all been under and that we’ve all been pursuing for quite some time, along with our capital plans and our liquidity plans. And if and when we can attach all of those acceptable actions to their requirements and we meet the test of the capital levels, then I think banks, as they find themselves satisfying those measures, will get out. And I think – I hope that’s the case because I would hate that we have to wait for the lowest common denominator. And I also think it would be prudent for a lot of reasons for the recovery of this economy to allow banks significant dividend payers to give their shareholders what they’ve been waiting for, for a long time. So, I’m going to stick with what I believe, because it serves us well to believe that will be the case. And we’re operating on the basis that each of us will get out as we have permission and as we have earned it and we’re working hard to earn it.
Richard Davis: Yes, with the same disclaimer I gave a second ago. And in fact, I introduced her at that dinner in my role at the roundtable and had breakfast with her the morning of. And I’m quite comfortable that her first most important activity as she builds the agencies, she’s not running it, is to focus almost exclusively on disclosures, transparency and simplicity. As she has made clear to everybody that night, she’s made it clear to a few of us even since then so. So, first and foremost, the Consumer Protection Bureau as it’s beginning to become an agency is going to focus on clarity and simplicity of transparency communications and disclosures. We all welcome that, by the way, because we need a Safe Harbor to help us create these more simplified, easier to understand protocols when, in fact, we have so many issues on a legal side, that if we don’t put everything in the 25-page document, we’ll find ourselves in harm’s way. So, I’m looking forward to that as her first effort. I think, as you probably know what I know, the responsibility for that agency to be up and running isn’t until mid-2011; at which point I believe they’ll have the key players and they have the key mandate, which will then follow some of the rule-making that we’re all going to be eager to get. But I think that’s a mid-2011, so little come out of it beyond disclosures in the next couple of quarters. That’s my thought.
Richard Davis: Good morning, Matt.Matthew O’Connor – Deutsche Bank AG: I just wanted to get your take on the Mortgage Origination business at this point. You’ve got a pretty good track record when it comes to this. During the bubble years, you weren’t a big player and that helped you avoid a lot of the issues others are facing or have faced and are facing now. And then you’ve been gaining share in the last couple of years, which I think has proven to be pretty profitable. So, a lot of the noise out there relates to previous originations, but there’s just – in general I think a lot of uncertainty in terms of the prophesies going forward and what spreads will looked like. And I’m just wondering what your take is on the business overall, and remind us how you think of retail versus wholesale channels.
Richard Davis: Okay. I’ll go first, and then Andy can talk about spreads. This is Richard. We like the business as much as we did a couple of years ago, when we decided to stave off and more than double our investment in it. We were in the high teens as an originator and servicer a couple of years ago, and now we’re four or five, five or six. Sadly, it’s not just because we’re so amazing. It’s because so many between us have moved on or consolidated, so it’s a little both. What I like about though is we haven’t left our old-fashioned approach of doing it very, very close to the customer. We have six locations across the country, where we take care of our mortgage business. They’re in large centers, which are handled by very, very capable people. And when we added to our business, we didn’t add any new locations, we didn’t add any new capabilities, we just added more people under the current management to do twice as much work. So, I’m very comfortable with our approach. It’s a low-cost approach. We have our largest centers in places like Oshkosh, Wisconsin and Nevada, Missouri and Owensboro, Kentucky. So, we have a great workforce and then a great cost of doing business, and we’re just going to continue to grow at those points. Right now, we’re operating, as you know, on a significantly higher refi market than origination market. That will serve all of us well to keep people busy for a while. But I think that when the recovery finally attaches itself, and probably a couple of years from now on the mortgage side, you’ll start to see the old-fashioned originations outtake the refinances. And we’ll be ready for that as well. The mix can be a little bit different based on refi versus origination, but we’re prepared for both of those. And then, Matt, we also have a pretty good wholesale business. And we have not gotten out of all the broker businesses, because we weren’t in any broker businesses we didn’t like. Some of our peers are moving away from that. And like everything else, we are staying with the old-fashioned way of the way we did it in the first place. And Wholesale does have a pretty good volume stream that kind of mitigate some of the peaks and flows that what would otherwise happen in the retail side, although the margins are a little bit skinnier. So, we’re a very blended, very basic mortgage business, just bigger than we were before. And frankly, we’re going to keep investing in it because we think that, again, at the recovery point, he whoever has the most critical mass, whether customers or not being outsourced to anybody else to accomplish those needs, are going to be better off. That’s the kind of the growth side. Andy, you might talk about the margins.
Richard Davis: Well, I think that as we tried to demonstrate with the numbers and the additional disclosure we provided, we’ve actually have a very nominal increases in costs there because we’ve run the business very well. We’ve been very prudent in our underwriting and our processes. And the put-backs that we have relative to the size of our book is actually quite small and manageable. So, we’re very comfortable with the profitability and the way we’re pricing right now.Matthew O’Connor – Deutsche Bank AG: Well, I guess, let me frame that another way. The cost of the servicing for most of your competitors has gone up quite a bit, so I think they need to find a way to try and reprice that over time. So, there could be some benefit for you. I mean, just in general, it feels like the servicing business for the industry wasn’t priced for what we’re seeing now in terms of the costs and the burden.
Richard Davis: Yes. I’m glad you concluded that, because I think it’s actually a net positive if we continue to stick to [inaudible]. So, we’re going to see as a positive to a neutral.Matthew O’Connor – Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, thank you.
Richard Davis: Heather, so the way I’d answer that question is I would expect our securities book net to grow a few billion dollars in 2011, so nothing significantly material. We’re on a $49 to 50 billion book. It’s going to grow up a few billion dollars. We’re putting on – the majority of what we’re putting on are floaters versus fixed. And as I talked about that five to 10 basis points going to next quarter that’s part of the reason for the decline. But it won’t have a significant material impact on neither the balance sheet nor the net interest margin as we see it today for 2011.
Richard Davis: Well, it does post some reinvestment risk. But given the size of what’s was rolling off versus we’re putting on, it doesn’t equate to a large number for 2011.
Richard Davis: It is, Heather, as you know. But again, given the level of the roll-off and we’re reinvesting, the math there just doesn’t create a huge difference.
Richard Davis: Hey, Paul, it’s Richard. I also think that you will see – because the regulators are so keen on watching for quality, I think the only thing you might see is pricing issues, where some are going to be hungrier and take some risks on either pricing, and maybe even whole levels. But the regulators are very much on top of this. And by the way, we’re all welcoming that because we’d rather that they are giving us current feedback than a late feedback. So, I think you’ll find any changes or adjustments will come in pricing, much less than in underwriting.Paul Miller – FBR Capital Markets: Did you hear a lot of stories about like people that need credit can’t get credit, and people that don’t need credit have all the credit in the world. And I’m just wondering, we’re starting to see people always talk about loan growth and is the first time we’ve seen it. Is that things now losing up a little bit in the world, including for you guys, not necessarily underwriting standards, but much more willing to lend out there.
Richard Davis: Yes. So, it’s not either though. We’re not getting any standards. I don’t think the industry is changing its willingness to lend either. I think it’s a slow but predicted outcome that some of the customers, who restructure the way they live, both consumers, small businesses and large businesses and large corporate, they’re now becoming more qualified because they’ve done all the heavy lifting of getting themselves back in shape to now incur more debt and we’re more attracted of them because they don’t have those kinds of risks. So, it’s really more of that, more qualified people and those who became more qualified by their good efforts in the last couple of years. A long recession is something we’re all trying to figure out how to live within and among, but it helped us get more clarity around those who took early actions and are now getting more prepared for a better future.Paul Miller – FBR Capital Markets: Hey, thank you very much, gentlemen.
Richard Davis: Mike, we are running the Basel I and reporting on Basil I today. We would enter our parallel run in 2011. The numbers I’ve given you are Basil I, with Basel III rules applied. When you think about Basel II, with Basel III rules applied, they actually would be better than the ratios that I’ve showed you of 90 to 100 basis points.
Richard Davis: That is the typical plan for the parallel run on this fourth quarter. It’s correct. And while we begin in January 1 of ‘11. So, we’re – remember we weren’t $250 billion at the beginning of the Basel activity, so we had to opt-in a few years ago when we hit the $250 billion. So, we’re ready to roll in January.
Richard Davis: We’re definitely cautiously optimistic because I do think we’re starting to see the first glimmer now. One quarter doesn’t in turn make void. It’s a lot better than having to continue decreases. For us, a flattening utilization is exceptionally exciting because if our loan utilization – remember we just do wholesale. So, a lot of banks have high utilization levels, they have seen credit cards and consumer and all that. This is wholesale for us.  Just in absolute dollars and as Andy mentioned in the call, we’re down $3 billion on wholesale commitment adjustment; just the same outstandings being used less. So, those commitments start to kick. That’s on top of the growth that you’re seeing today. Because as you said, were not getting it from utilization. We’re getting it from old-fashioned new customers and new growth. So for us, we’re quite optimistic that this can get much lower, and it will be the first thing we’ll see as a consistent behavior, people are starting to use our balance sheet again over themselves trying to find everything.
Richard Davis: Yes, I mean, believe it or not, there is seasonal patterns to the home-equity. And the seasonal increase this year was down substantially from last year and the prior year. So, it’s been trending down, so very comfortable with the outlook there.Matthew Burnell – Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Okay.
Richard Davis: The corresponding banking business for us is very big and because it’s already big, it doesn’t move a lot in terms of volume to show it. But to the extent that that’s – that’s a really good idea. I think I’ll introduce something in our next presentation to give you guys a sense of where it is today and then, we can use that as a measure to track because I’m expecting that to be one of our growth initiatives as you just cited. So, we’ll have that.Meredith Whitney – Meredith Whitney Advisory Group: Okay, terrific. Thank you so much.
Richard Davis: And this is Richard, let me thank you for your attention to our call. We are standing ready anytime you have any questions. We are transparent and you know that, and we’re only hesitating sometimes because the environment we’re in would cause us to make mistakes by trying to guess too far forward. But I think you’ve just heard a very consistent, predictable, repeatable story. And as much as it may not be that exciting, because it doesn’t have a lot of unexpected outcomes, it is a one that we’re proud of and we’re excited to tell the story. So, anytime, give us a call. Thank you.
Andrew Cecere: Hey, John.Jon Arfstrom – RBC Capital Markets Corporation: Thanks. Good morning. A couple of questions for you on lending – particularly commercial and can you talk a little bit about where that growth is coming from if that’s part of your national initiative or the small business initiative that you have. Just give us an idea of where that demand is coming from.
Andrew Cecere: Yes. So, you know, both CARD Act and the overdraft Reg E changes had been slowly impacting us more and more, each and every quarter of 2010. I would say we’re getting to the full run rate in the fourth quarter. So, we were not at the full run rate in the third quarter and certainly, not in the first half of the year, so that 110 and 120 represents the full run rate and four times that amount is what you see for next year –
Andrew Cecere: And that is correct for both the overdraft and the CARD Act impact, and the CARD Act is both in fee income and in net interest margin.
Andrew Cecere: That’s right. Another great thing is quarter four is finally hitting stride multiply, kind of by four and you’re kind of there without the mitigating discussion that we had John a minute ago.
Andrew Cecere: Well, there are two key factors that are driving the fourth quarter. One is what you just asked about, which is the full impact of CARD Act on our credit card rates and yields in the fourth quarter will be fully baked in so to speak, and that’s going to cause a bit of that compression. The second item as you know long rates are down versus where we were in the first half of the year and that has a negative impact on both our securities portfolio and other earning assets. So, those are the two key drivers. Those are what’s causing the five to 10-basis point declines in the fourth quarter, depending upon what happens with long rates in 2011. You know I don’t know how that will look, but as we see today and what the yield curve looks like today, that’s what the impact is. If it doesn’t change a lot that in fact will be relatively stable. If the yield curve changes, that will adjust.
Andrew Cecere: Yes, had we been fairly consistent in trying to lock out 90 days because there was so many moving parts with margin. I would say relatively stable, given what I know today about the yield curve and about rates. But there are a lot of moving parts there and we’ll be sure to update you every quarter like we’ve been doing.
Andrew Cecere: Sure. So, Ed, we had about $16.5 billion of production, a record quarter over $20 billion of house, so another record. So, it was a tremendous quarter given the low rate environment. The hedge was neutral, so that we didn’t benefit at all from the hedge. And you know as you compare it on a year-over-year basis year ago, we’ve actually made about $67 million on that. I would expect the third quarter to be down somewhat – I mean excuse me; the fourth quarter will be down somewhat just given the seasonality in the mortgage business.
Andrew Cecere: Right. So, you know, John, when we talked a little bit about this last quarter and I said that the third quarter was a pretty good rate and our second quarter was a pretty good run rate for the third quarter and it ended up being that way. We’re up $8 million. So, I would say that we have most of the components included. I think a couple of the unknowns are certainly as you mentioned, the FDIC expense you saw yesterday that the three basis point increase is no longer part of the equation. But the equation is still uncertain and the exact rates are still uncertain, so that’s a factor. The fourth quarter is seasonally higher with our CDIC or tax credit related expense, so that will be up a little bit. But I don’t see any other material changes.John McDonald – Stanford Bernstein Research: Okay. And Richard, you touched on the reserve release or the lack of reserve release compared to some of the peers. So, just anymore color on kind of what factors will drive whether U.S. Bank has any kind of recapture of reserves over the next couple of quarters as credit continues to improve.
Andrew Cecere: So, a couple of things. We issued two – we had two debt issuances in the last few months, both at the lowest rate ever issued by a bank holding company in the U.S. to five-year paper and three-year. And I will tell you that we don’t have a lot more issuance plan for the remainder of the year and we don’t have a lot rolling off in 2011. Secondly, we have been growing deposit as you’ve seen, low-cost core retail deposits which is helpful in terms of our funding cost and we will have the second component or the second half of the it’s transaction that occurs late first quarter, early second quarter of 2011. Those are the key components. We’re watching on the further redemption in terms of the rules around what counts as capital, but we have no plans to do an early exchange right now.
Andrew Cecere: I don’t disagree with you, and I don’t disagree with the fact that, that maybe a benefit to us given the way we run the business.
Andrew Cecere: I guess the answer is whatever the Fed decides, right? So, the Fed will along with the Treasury will decide what to the U.S. answer will be to all of the requirements and Basel. And once they decide what qualifies in terms of where the buffers went it, where the systemic important companies would be charged, that’s what I’m waiting for. And so, I’m not even trying to figure out what America is going to do. I’m just waiting for the American response to whatever the G20 says and counting on people like the Treasury and the Fed to be thoughtful enough to let the banks that have shown and proven themselves to be ready to do that to get on and move on with that dividend.
Andrew Cecere: I think you said – Mike, this is Andy. I think you said it correctly via normal economic environment, so normal GDP growth maybe 3 to 4%. Normal long-term rates or normal yield curve and finally, normal levels of unemployment backed down to the eights. So, this isn’t the environment that we’re going to achieve that because we’re not seeing a loan growth because yields are – the low [ph] at the long end is very low. But when we get to that normal environment, same-store sales, spend all those things get back to normal economic levels that’s when we could achieve that.
Andrew Cecere: Second question first, no exposure to private label. Our vintages have actually are pretty steady stream. If you think about it, we’ve been growing throughout the years as Richard mentioned. One of the reasons we’ve moved up the ranking is people are no longer the list. So, I want to say we have a waiting one way or the other it’s fairly linear.David Konrad – Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Edward Najarian – ISI Group: And I guess I just didn’t quite understand exactly what you were saying on that page in terms of the impact, if you could just go through that quickly one more time.
Edward Najarian – ISI Group: Right, okay. So, this is a revenue – sort of a lost revenue estimate on a pre-taxed basis based on these regulatory actions.
Edward Najarian – ISI Group: Okay. And then next question would be with respect to the net interest margin outlook for the fourth quarter down to five to 10 basis points. Obviously, we saw good stability and good net interest income growth. This quarter, you indicated it was below rate backdrop. Could you put a little more color around that and would you expect it to stabilize subsequent to 4Q or is this the beginning of a – a bit of a NIM compression trend.
Edward Najarian – ISI Group: Right. But I mean when you say be relatively stable, and if the interest rates remain stable, you mean it will get down to that level, but not –potentially not compress a lot further than that or when you say relatively stable you mean –
