Andy Cecere: Thanks, Jen. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining our call. Following our prepared remarks, Terry and I will take any questions you have. I'll begin on Slide 3. In the fourth quarter, we reported earnings per share of $1.07 and generated total revenue of $5.7 billion. We saw strong balance sheet growth this quarter, including deposit growth of over $18 billion, or 4.3% compared with the third quarter.  Average loans grew by 2% linked quarter, or 2.7% excluding the impact of loan forgiveness related to PPP. We are encouraged by the loan growth momentum and we have a positive outlook for 2022 given improving client sentiment and business conditions, and continued strength in certain focused commercial portfolios, such as ABS lending and supply chain financing.  The significant increase in liquidity provided by the strong deposit inflows this quarter puts us in a favorable position to support future balance sheet growth. Deposit growth provided the opportunity for tactical investment and cash management strategies that pressured the net interest margin for the fourth quarter, but was both accretive to net interest income and maintained asset sensitivity for a rising rate environment.  Turning to fees. Underlying client acquisition and market share trends across our business lines were healthy and payment sales trends continue to improve on a year-over-year basis. This quarter, we released $145 million of loan loss reserves, reflecting continued strong credit quality, including a record low net charge-off ratio. In the lower right quadrant, you can see that our book value per share totaled $32.71 at December 31, which was 1.5% higher than September 30th. Our CET1 capital ratio was 10% at 31st.  Slide 4 provides key performance metrics. Slide 5 highlights trends in digital engagement. Digital transactions now account for over 80% of total transactions and digital loan sales account for two thirds of total loan sales. Turning to Slide 6, we continue to believe our initiatives aimed at connecting our banking customers with our payment products and our services, and our payments customers with our banking products and services will allow us to grow our small business relationships by 15% to 20% and related revenue by 25% to 30% over the next few years.  Now let me turn the call over to Terry to provide more detail on the quarter.
Andy Cecere: Thanks, Terry. Fourth quarter results were in line with our expectations and we are starting off the year with momentum building across our lending and fee businesses. We feel good about the trajectory of loan growth and are well positioned to benefit from rising rate environment. We expect client acquisition growth and account penetration to drive market share gains across our fee businesses.  In particular, we believe 2022 will be another good year for our payments business. Due to the Omicron surge, year-over-year sales growth has slowed somewhat in the past few weeks from the exceptionally strong pace we saw in the second half of 2021. However, if growth rates remain strong and we believe this will likely prove to be a speed bump rather than an extended slowdown, nonetheless the situation is fluid and we'll continue to monitor trends closely and update you along the way.  Our investments in technology to support our digital transformation and payments ecosystem initiatives are paying off, and we continue to look for uses of capital that will drive higher returns. In the fourth quarter, we acquired TravelBank, a FinTech that provides tech-driven expense and travel management solutions to help businesses manage their operations more efficiently.  Also, in the fourth quarter, we closed on the acquisition of PFM Asset Management, which not only increased our assets under management, but has enhanced our position in a niche area within the money market world. We are looking forward to closing our previously announced acquisition of Union Bank later this year.  The addition of Union Bank will increase our scale, improve our market share in a demographically attractive market, and add over 1 million consumer clients and over 190,000 business banking customers to whom we can offer our leading digital capabilities and our expansive product set. The strategic and financial benefits of this combination will accrue to shareholders over many years.  But the numbers only tell part of the U.S. Bank story. As we start a new year, I want to emphasize that how we do things will continue to as important as what we do. And so in closing, I'd like to thank our employees who come in every day with the goal of doing the right thing for our customers, our communities, their fellow employees, and all our constituents. Thank you for helping to make 2021 a successful year and position us well for the future.  We will now open up the call to Q&A.
Andy Cecere: Terry, I think you hit the high points. And two track changes in trends in the fourth quarter that look positive going into '22, Scott. Number one, as Terry mentioned, the increase in utilization rates, which we haven't seen for a number of quarters. And secondly is this started a decline in payment rates, which helps credit card volumes. So those are two positives I call out as well.
Andy Cecere: Yes. Thanks, Gerard. So we submitted our application in early October. We've been working with Union Bank, and we have a number of acquisition teams both on our side as well as the Union Bank side working on integration activities, including technology as well as the business lines. And we've been responding and working with the regulators in terms of questions on the submission, which is normal course for this process. So we continue to believe that this will close in the first half. It may be later in the first half, but that's our continued belief with a conversion in late third quarter or September-October timeframe. So nothing to have us believe that it would be any different from that, and we're preparing for that timeframe.
Andy Cecere: Sure, John. And Terry gave a little guidance on net interest income for the year, but I will talk about the full balance sheet and income statement. We continue to expect mid single digit earning asset growth for the year. That loan momentum that we talked about looks positive going into 2022. We would expect revenue growth of 3% to 4%, John, on a full year basis as well as positive operating leverage of at least 100 basis points for 2022.
Andy Cecere: And, Terry, all those numbers are the impacts of net interest income. In addition, we have our waivers which total about $70 million a quarter, John, and you get about two thirds of that back at the first rate hike of 25 basis points and about 90% of it back at the second rate hike.
Andy Cecere: Everything is excluding Union Bank. And it's intended to be the guidance that we're giving for 2022.
Andy Cecere: Yes, Betsy, I would say it's kind of a combination of both. The improving revenue environment certainly helps that, but we have been, as you say, making some significant investment in digital capabilities. And as that investment matures, we kind of fully expect that we would see some operating efficiencies on the expense side. We have been working through tech modernization, which that helps us and we're always looking for kind of -- from a continuous improvement point of view, trying to optimize the branch network as well as our operations. So I think it's a combination of both.
Andy Cecere: Yes. I think that when we think about our technology investment continuing to have investments in our mortgage business and our digital mobile app capabilities, but a strong focus on real-time payments, money movements, and the whole B2B side of the equation is going to be important. And then, of course, we've been talking about the ecosystem between our payments business and our business banking. And so we'll continue to make investment there. So I think it's kind of a continuation of many of the same themes that we've had over the last year. On a core basis, we really don't expect any significant increase in the investment levels, but we continue to expect that we will maintain those investment levels going forward.
Andy Cecere: Yes. So the decline from third to fourth quarter was the most significant. It was a little bit higher than what we had expected. Part of that is because some of what we had expected to occur in 2022 actually kind of got pulled forward into the fourth quarter. Currently in our baseline or expectation is that there will be a very immaterial decline in PPP going from fourth to first. It's about $15 million, $16 million. So it's pretty insignificant.
Andy Cecere: Really, we look at 2022 as being past PPP in all respects. So yes, I would agree that the first quarter is probably the last step down that we have. And again, it's not really significant and it's incorporated into our guidance.
Andy Cecere: Yes, John. So we’ve talked about the fact that we’re trying to really weave together our banking products together with our payment products and a comprehensive product set to help businesses, business banking customers basically manage the way they’re running their cash flows and their business on a day-to-day basis. And that’s our value proposition is that combination of payments and banking in easy-to-use dashboard information to help them run their businesses and manage their cash flows on a day-to-day basis. That’s consistent with the TravelBank acquisition that we made in the third quarter and other acquisitions, Bento, and others that we made earlier in the year. So that’s the objective. And we’ll continue to focus on that. And I would highlight the simplicity component of that, the navigation. The simplicity of use is a real key to that on a go-forward basis.
Andy Cecere: I think we’ve made a lot of investment, both organic as well as acquisition in this capability. We’re going to continue to focus on it, as Terry mentioned, but I think we have most of what we need. We just continue to model or refine the capabilities and simplify the offering.
Andy Cecere: Well, again, we think that we can get additional movement on both of those charts, more banking customers using payments capabilities and more banking using payments. We talk about the number of customers. The revenue in that total bucket is about $1.5 billion as we think about the penetration. So that’s the base we’re working with.
Andy Cecere: I would say that it’s early innings, Bill. Let me start there. But I think the fundamental offering, which is a simple, easy to use combination of banking and payments products in one simple dashboard to help them manage their cash flows is a receptive thought from a consumer -- from a business standpoint. And that’s really what we’re focused on. Again, many of the customers have a banking product or a payments product, but it’s weaving it together for that offering that we’re focused on. And the receptivity of that has been pretty strong.
Andy Cecere: I think that’s right, Terry. And sometimes it takes a little longer and sometimes a little bit more expensive, but that’s all been incorporated in the guidance that we offered for 2022. And as a reminder, the other area that is challenging in this environment is entry level employees in the branch side. And we get the benefit of having Union Bank combine with us this year, which I think is a positive. And as we talked about, we’re committing to frontline employees on the branch side to employment. And in this environment, that’s a positive.
Andy Cecere: Yes, Mike, and just to comment on your question overall, we’ve been focused on making the necessary investments in our digital capabilities and our payments business as we’ve talked about that. We talked to you about that. And our objective is to position ourselves to be successful in this environment, and I think we are. We’re in a strong position, and I think we’re going to start to see the benefits both from a revenue growth standpoint as well as an expense efficiency standpoint, particularly as we see the secular trends starting to increase overall. So we made those investments eyes wide open, very intentional, at the same time balancing some short-term expense opportunities on the operating core basis. But I think on a go-forward basis, you’re going to see positive operating leverage because of those investments.
Andy Cecere: And the other thing that I would just add maybe is, and this is really more kind of looking into 2023, we don’t really see a need to increase the amount of investment, even with bringing Union Bank into the U.S. Bank fold. And that’s because, as we’ve talked about in the past, most of this is just a lift and shift from their systems to ours. And so we’ll be able to leverage all the investment that we’ve been making and bring a lot of digital capabilities to their customer base.
Andy Cecere: Yes, what was really being still impacted at least for us is the payment rate is still relatively high. It did peak in the third quarter. It came down just a little bit in the fourth quarter. So until we start to see that measurably improve, I think that’s going to end up impacting growth rates in credit card loan balances. Our expectation though, Vivek, is those payment rates do start to migrate down nicely as 2022 progresses. And so I do think that that’s going to be a bit of a tailwind for us as we think about loan growth. And it will also help net interest margin and obviously net interest income.
Andy Cecere: Yes, from third to fourth quarter, that’s really -- very, very little is really related to Omicron. We did see a little bit of a slow up that was kind of late in December. Really what is happening there is that as sales continue to pick up in travel and that sector, that tends to be a little bit of a different rate and so it’s more of a mix thing than it is anything else, Vivek.
Andy Cecere: So, Erika, part of achieving that is also getting back to a more normal revenue environment which we’re starting to migrate to with rates as we talked about in terms of our assumptions. I would expect next year, again, that revenue growth to be well below -- that expense growth to be well below revenue growth and positive operating leverage, and I would expect us to achieve that on a go-forward basis. We’ve made the investments to position ourselves to be successful. Those investments are going to result in additional revenue but also importantly more efficiencies in the operations. So those digital capabilities allow us to do things more effectively and more efficiently, and we’ve also optimized the branch network and we’re going to continue focus on that. So it’s sort of this balance, Erika, of optimizing the current to continue to invest for the future, and that’s what we’ve done and that’s what we’ll continue to do.
Andy Cecere: And John, we’re not incurring a lot of incremental expense right now as part of the integration efforts. We have teams working on it, but they’re not what I would call incremental in nature. The impact of a delay would be really delaying the efficiencies and the cost takeouts that’s we projected for you, and that would be the principal impact.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So we had the opportunity because of the deposit flows to be able to both invest in securities to help a little bit in terms of the fourth quarter. But we also, at the same time, utilized hedging strategies to keep the duration of those purchases relatively short. And the expectation, Scott, is that when long-term rates rise, which we're starting to see now, that we're going to be able to unwind those swaps and to be able to take advantage of the rising rate environment. So we did all of that fundamentally to be able to maintain as much asset sensitivity going into 2022 as we possibly could.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Gerard, I think what I would -- the way I would kind of describe it, from our perspective, we haven't changed our credit box really at all. We really try to underwrite through the cycle. I think that there has been a lot of competition in the industry for loan growth over the last 12 months. And as you know, when the cycle turns, it's the decisions you made today that are going to end up impacting you two or three years down the road. So I do think that credit normalizes as we go through the year. I don't know if we can quite get back to where we were pre-pandemic, but I think that it will start to migrate in that direction. I would say that if there is loosening from an underwriting perspective, maybe we'll stretch it a little bit more with respect to structure, but it has been competitive both from an underwriting perspective as well as from a pricing perspective out there.
Terry Dolan: Again, from our perspective, we really haven't changed our approach at all. Again, I think from a competitive standpoint, again, they're focused on being as competitive as they possibly can in terms of their underwriting and their structures and their pricing. But from our perspective, we haven't really changed our approach.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So our base case, as we said, bakes in three rate hikes, really started in the second quarter and then kind of as you might expect through the rest of the year. If you go back to just our disclosures at the end of third quarter, it really hasn't changed a lot. 50 basis points shock is about 3.5% from a net interest income standpoint. So I would kind of refer you back to that. If you think about three rate hikes kind of on that pace, you're probably talking about the equivalency of about a 35 basis point shock. So if you're kind of doing the math, you can kind of go to that.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So you're right. We did step up the investment portfolio a lot. It has to do with what I talked about earlier in that deployment of excess cash. We made that deployment in the fourth quarter. And while we did it in treasuries, we swapped it short. And so that is why you see net interest margin coming down as well as the yields related to the investment portfolio coming down. But we also did that because we want maximum flexibility as rates are -- as long-term rates start to rise, we would expect to kind of unwind the benefit coming through in 2022. So that's kind of how we're positioned in it. In terms of the overall investment portfolio, the vast majority of it was shorter term and with the hedging strategies.
Terry Dolan: Yes. As we go forward, I would expect that our investment portfolio will be relatively flat to fourth quarter levels. That's kind of our expectation. So the vast majority of earning asset growth is more on the loan side than it is in other areas.
Terry Dolan: Yes, so you’re right, John. We did see some pretty significant growth in terms of end of period balances. I think that that sets us up well with respect to 2022. One of the things it’s a little bit hard because you have LIBOR transition, everything else happening. We don’t know whether or not some of that is just people pulling forward LIBOR a little bit into 2021. But when we talk to our customers, I guess the thing that we see is that the underlying momentum and the underlying sentiment is pretty strong. They’re actively out building their inventories again and all those sorts of things, I think, is when we think about kind of our baseline growth going into 2022, why we’re pretty optimistic. But you are right. The end of period balance growth was pretty significant for us, and it wasn’t because of any one specific thing that we were doing. It was pretty broad based across segments, across categories and across geographies.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Certainly what we ended up seeing, for example, in the Capital Markets business, it was stronger. So some of it is related to production incentives, a fair amount of it in the fourth quarter is also related to performance-based incentives that are driven by the overall performance of the company. So we certainly did see that. I would say, and maybe Andy you want to comment as well, certainly there is a lot of competition for talent that’s out there. And I think the pressure is especially when you’re looking for high skilled areas in technology and development, payments and/or digital sort of space, if you’re in the hiring mode, you’re paying top dollar in order to be able to acquire that. But that competition for talent is certainly increasing and out there.
Terry Dolan: Yes, David, probably the way I would describe the last one is we still certainly believe that there’s some level of uncertainty that’s out there in the economy, and so we take that into consideration when we go through the different scenarios that we kind of model out. Maybe kind of coming back to your first question, what is the right level? Obviously that’s going to end up based upon economic outlook and what happens with respect to credit quality. But what I would say and you’re right, we started the pre-pandemic or the adoption of CECL at about 2%. When you end up looking at the mix of the portfolio and how it shifted, we’re kind of right at -- we’re right at kind of the level that we had started with I guess is the way I would describe it. From a reserving point of view, I would just kind of keep in mind from -- in terms of CECL you have to provide for loan growth on day one. And so as loan portfolio start to grow across the industry, I think that dynamic of reserve release will probably change a bit going into 2022. And again, all of that’s been kind of taken into consideration when we’re thinking about our baseline forecast for 2022.
Terry Dolan: Yes, Mike, we’re level off. So we’re not going to continue to see increases in those investments. We did see some increases in the past five years, but I think we’re at level set area right now, number one. Number two, we migrated from about 40/60 defense and offense to 60/40 offense right now. So most of the investments we’re making are for revenue-generating areas, digital capabilities, payments, business banking and the other things we’ve talked about.
Terry Dolan: Yes, so let me again just kind of step back. When we think about kind of seasonality in the payments business overall, usually from third to fourth quarter, credit and debit card, depending upon the amount of investment we’re making at that particular point in time, is usually -- fourth quarter is a little bit better than third quarter. But merchant and corporate payments, typically fourth quarter is seasonally lower and that’s fundamentally kind of what we saw both in terms of merchant and corporate. Now corporate ends up getting impacted by government spend, which tends to be highest in the third quarter. You get the effect of holidays impacting travel and all sorts of things with respect to payments and that sort of thing. That’s why that tends to step down. So I think what we ended up seeing is fairly similar to what we would have expected in terms of the seasonality of the businesses.
Terry Dolan: Yes. Again, I think that that ends up getting impacted by the mix of the business. So as travel grows, the interchange rates and the margins associated with that particular business in the merchant acquiring is at narrower spreads. And so as that is recovering, it ends up impacting the margins a little bit.
Terry Dolan: Yes. So maybe at a high level, typically what we see in the early stages of rising rates is that deposit betas don’t move a lot in any of the different categories. But you are right. The trust -- corporate trust deposits tend to be a little bit more sensitive as you get into maybe the second or third rate hike. And so when we think about maybe that first 50 basis points, we would expect deposit betas to probably be in that 15 to 25 range and then progressively getting a little bit stronger as the cycle continues. And that’s kind how we think about it. Now, I would say that when we have looked at the mix of business we have had today versus let’s say four, five years ago, we have kind of a strong mix of consumer base where we have seen a lot of the growth in deposits in 2021 was actually on the consumer side of the equation as opposed to some of the other businesses. And so the deposit beta -- my expectation is deposit betas especially in the early stages are probably a little bit lower than what we have experienced in the past.
Terry Dolan: Yes, so let me address the overdraft. If you end up looking at our call reports, 2021, I think our overdraft fees were about -- a little less than 2% of total revenue or $340 million. And on a fully implemented sort of basis, we would expect that that impact of the change that we’re making is probably in that $160 million to $170 million. And we’ll probably end up realizing about 75% of that next year. And the other thing that I would just mention is that with fee waivers -- from a fee income standpoint, and we’ve taken both of these things into consideration, fee waivers will help offset most of that.
