James K. Saccaro: Great. Good morning, David. So, as far as the fourth quarter goes, overall, we were obviously very pleased with the margin performance in the third quarter. So, 16% represents the highest quarterly margin target that we've achieved since the spin-off. As we move to Q4, we do expect a slight downtick in the operating margin of the business, and really there is a couple of drivers to that. One is we are going to be accelerating some R&D investments in both biosurgery and premixed injectables, as I mentioned. So, that will be one factor that increases the R&D spending relative to our current level. And then, the second item relates to SG&A. We do expect a slight uptick as well in SG&A in the fourth quarter as a percent of sales. There's a couple of factors going on there. One is we do have historic seasonality. So, if you look at Baxter over the last many years, we normally have an uptick in spending in the fourth quarter, we do expect that to repeat. And then, the second factor that's going on with respect to SG&A is one of the topics we discussed in our May Investor Conference relates to what we call local initiatives. The idea that given the diverse geographic portfolio that we have in place and the product portfolio, we really have a tremendous opportunity to accelerate growth by unlocking some of the entrepreneurial spirit outside the U.S. but frankly, that comes with it an SG&A cost. And so, over the course of the last quarter, we have approved a number of investment initiatives which we believe will benefit 2017 and 2018, but do have a slight cost associated with them. So, for these reasons, we do expect a slight downtick as it relates to the overall margin, but again, feel very confident in the operational performance. As we look to 2017, I think it's too early to get into forecast for 2017. What I can tell you is, in our May Investor Conference, we shared a series of projections for 2018 and 2020. And it is clear, the data points that we have point to accelerated performance relative to those expectations, so we have a higher level of confidence in our ability to achieve those numbers and exceed those numbers today than we did when we shared them in May of 2016.
James K. Saccaro: Sure. One of the numbers I think the team is most proud of is the free cash flow performance. As I mentioned in the script, we're increasing it from $500 million to $650 million. And really, there's a couple of different components to that. One is operating cash flow, we're raising approximately $50 million, and this is an area where I believe there will be more substantial benefits from some of the programs that we've initiated this year in future years. So, we're spending a lot of time as a team on working capital, days payable, days sales outstanding, and inventory. How can we drive that down? And those are balances that you don't switch on overnight, but over time with rigor and focus, you can drive a real result in these categories. So, we don't really have much benefit this year but 2017, 2018, 2019, you'll expect to see some meaningful working capital improvements. Where we were able to drive an impact this year, and frankly I believe this will be sustainable, is in CapEx. We did a couple things this year which I think provided a very real benefit. First, we did a zero-based budget for CapEx, which we review quarterly with our senior leadership teams. So, our top executives at the company sit down on a quarterly basis and the result of that is twofold. One, we did cancel a number of low value-adding programs; but second, for every single program that we had, the challenge to the team was how can we do this more cost effectively. And the results were very, very impressive. So, the second piece relates to an incentive change that we put into place at the beginning of the year. For our top employees, we have a short-term incentive plan for the top several thousand employees. And last year, there was no cash flow component to this. This year, recognizing the challenge that we face with CapEx being 9% of sales, we installed a free cash flow trigger for our short-term incentive plan. By focusing on free cash flow now, we have our entire organization geared and charging towards driving improvements in this important metric. So, while that's harder to quantify, I believe that that's paid a real dividend in our numbers and creativity as we think about addressing CapEx spending. But frankly, this is one area where I believe we've achieved a new normal and will continue to drive performance from here.
James K. Saccaro: Sure. Yeah. Clearly, this was a fabulous quarter for our operating margin, and I would say it was – contributing to it were gross margin, SG&A leverage and some R&D leverage. From a gross margin standpoint, let's start with that. There were a number of factors in play. We've talked a lot about this concept of portfolio management and business mix and upgrading the business mix. And as we look at the Q3 results from Baxter, you start to see that story playing out. So, for example, we saw very strong performance in our U.S. Hospital business in the sets area and access. Our sets in the United States grew approximately 20%. That simple business mix factor contributed to our margin, and as we increased the installed base in the United States of SIGMA SPECTRUM, we'll continue to benefit from this mix factor as it moves forward. From an international standpoint, you'll see that we had lower Fluid System sales. But in areas like Renal, in particular, where we had double-digit acute growth and PD growth where we've been very focused on accelerating growth, those are two good margin areas that provided uplift from a business mix standpoint. And finally, from a business mix standpoint, you heard Joe comment earlier in this call about how we're going to manage in-center HD for profitability, very focused on driving this. So, while that business had lower sales, it had a business mix and from our standpoint, focus on profitability. Those are three examples from a gross margin standpoint where business mix played an impact. The second comment related to gross margin is manufacturing and performance. Overall, we had solid manufacturing performance. We had good volumes in Q2 and Q3. The result of that is a P&L benefit from a manufacturing standpoint. We'll expect to continue driving manufacturing performance going forward, this is a real area of focus for us. How can we effectively utilize our facilities? In Joe's prepared remarks, you heard him referenced, we've closed or sold a number of facilities over the course of this year, that leads to better leveraging of the network. The final piece related to gross margin is this idea of how can we think creatively about our business arrangements, either through pricing or being thoughtful about the services that we provide. A simple example of this is we're really focused in our U.S. Renal business on limiting the amount of overnight shipping that occurs. For us, that has historically been a real cost that we've borne, and it's impacted our margin. By focusing on that, we're able to drive a better margin. So, those are the three drivers that have impacted our gross margin. Moving to R&D, we made a couple of tough decisions over the course of this year with respect to project, a project like VIVIA. And so, as a result of that, we saw a lower R&D spending in the quarter. Now to my earlier comment, I do expect an uptick in this as we start to reinvest in some exciting new areas for us that have nearer-term paybacks than the VIVIA project. But in the quarter, this idea of rigorous capital allocation did play out in the R&D spend. And then finally, from the SG&A standpoint, I would make a couple of comments here. First, this idea of zero-based spending, challenging every single dollar that we have in place, that's something that the company has adopted from a process standpoint. So, as we went through our budgeting process this year, we had a very rigorous zero-based spending approach, a zero-based organization approach in place applying these techniques to our cost structure. But I think beyond that, culturally, the entire organization is incredibly aware of spending and driving results. The number of ideas that we're generating from our organization at large, with respect to the simplification, with respect to savings ideas, is remarkable. And that simple phenomena has played out in our SG&A numbers for the quarter.
James K. Saccaro: Yes. So, overall, there is essentially two drivers of the deceleration in the fourth quarter. One is cyclo. While we don't – we're not anticipating an incremental competitor in cyclophosphamide, we do expect lower levels than prior year. It's down about $20 million or roughly 1 point of growth, to $45 million in the quarter. So, that's a deceleration that we've expected and kind of consistent with how we thought about things. As we look at the other area that has impacted our Q4 result, we have always talked about this idea of rigorously going through our portfolio and ensuring that every single sale that we make is one that contributes positively to the economics of Baxter. And so, in support of that, we did walk away from roughly $130 million in sales on an annual basis, which amounts to roughly 1 point of growth impact in the quarter. Now, the good news is this has limited to no impact on the bottom line. The sales were essentially breakeven, and we've been able to eliminate all the costs associated with those sales. So, while on the bottom line there's no impact, it does impact the top line a bit. If I were to adjust for these two factors, the 2% growth would be more like our normal expected run rate growth of 4%.
James K. Saccaro: Yeah, I mean. Look, Mike, there are a couple of major programs, kind of onetime programs that we have ongoing which we don't expect to be permanent costs in place. And so, for example, we have a, what we call, our Project Touchstone which is related to the implementation of a global business service center. It really is not part of our ongoing operations. We do not have the expertise to do this ourselves. So, we have brought in some consultants to assist in this process, and we have some employees dedicated to this process – to the project, I should say. At some point, once implementation is complete, those costs will all go away and they will benefit future periods, not current period. So, that's just one example of a number of programs that we have in place which are not really a part of our ordinary operations, which we've chosen to special out.
James K. Saccaro: Yeah, I mean, look, 16%, great quarter, we were really happy with it. The full year, we expect, to be around 13%. And so, while there weren't onetimers in place, we do expect to see a, what I call, downtick, you call 200 basis points to 300 basis points of deterioration in the fourth quarter, which I think is fair. And as I said, there's a couple of factors, right? It's probably split roughly evenly between R&D and SG&A. From an R&D standpoint, one of the areas we really want to accelerate and we recognize investments today will yield dividends in a couple years relates to biosurgery. So, we've started to accelerate spending there. There were a number of programs that will begin in earnest in the fourth quarter that will facilitate that. And then to Joe's comment earlier, this point-of-care, another very exciting development for us. It's got a lot of benefits for the patients. It's a great program for us. It also allows us to run a capital-light model relative to the historic way of delivering PD solutions to patients. So, very exciting developments, but they have a cost associated with them. We do expect to see that impact on margin by 1 point roughly. And then, SG&A, it's maybe a little bit more than that. For us, Q3 was a low level of SG&A spending. The Q4 number, we're expecting to move back up to roughly the Q2 level. We would historically expect to see a Q4 uptick. Q3 is typically a lower SG&A spend quarter in part because of the August month, which is a holiday in many parts of the world. So, for us, we're being prudent and thinking about an uptick in spending to occur in the fourth quarter. But then to the last point, we've got to accelerate the top line. That is a clear charge of our entire company and that takes some investment as well. We have empowered our international organization to begin spending on a number of initiatives. There's no impact on the sales line related to these of note in 2016. But these investments will start to pay dividends and self fund in 2017 and 2018. So, very exciting development there. Good investments to make. We track and monitor these investments on a monthly and quarterly basis, but in combination, these elements lead to a deterioration, slight deterioration from this 16% level. Having said all of that, to Joe's point, we shared some projections in May of 2016, for margin in 2018, we said 14% to 15%; in 2020, we said 17% to 18%. We have a higher likelihood of over achieving those numbers as we sit here today. That's clear.
James K. Saccaro: Yeah, sure. Look, the overall Hospital business – as far as the exits that took place, it actually was slightly tilted towards Renal. So, we looked at the India business, we made some decisions related to IVs and PD. In Turkey, we looked at our clinics business along with the IV business there. But on balance, I would say slightly more of an impact in Renal than it was in the Hospital business. And to be clear, we've had outstanding performance in the U.S. Hospital business, right? The 6% growth has been quite good, and internationally the growth is below that. And so, you ask a great question which is, how do we accelerate growth outside the U.S.? The U.S. has benefited from a number of factors which are not quite present internationally. We've had the benefit of a new product launch, the SIGMA SPECTRUM pump. We've had very solid performance coming from our nutrition business, and we've seen sort of adequate performance coming out of our Surgical Care business. But the real standout performance comes from the U.S. Fluid Systems business. Outside the U.S., we have not had the benefit of a product launch like we've had in the U.S., and so for us, how do we address some new products perhaps from a business development standpoint outside the U.S., for example, in the Fluid Systems business? That's a real challenge and opportunity for us as we look to accelerate performance outside the U.S. In addition, our nutrition business, which in the quarter in the United States grew in double digits, grew in low single digits outside the U.S. And so, for us, another real area of focus has been accelerating the nutrition performance outside the U.S., and that will continue to be an area where we'll invest some of the investment initiatives are targeting nutrition growth outside the U.S. So, those are a few of the factors. I mean it's kind of a difficult question to answer in a sense that it really is multi-product, multi-geography but it's safe to say that accelerating performance – Renal outside the U.S. has seen outstanding performance. 5% for the quarter, that was a very solid performance for us. Accelerating the Hospital outside the United States becomes a core area of focus for us, in particular, as we move to 2017.
José E. Almeida: I'd just like to add one component to Jay's great answer, is that this is a sustainable level of capital. So, this is not one-year conversation. We have changed how we look at capital, how we invest in different places in the world, and also our new technologies, our point-of-care which is solution making on demand, and also how we service emerging markets with on-demand manufacturing of solutions for 100 to 120 patients will change how structurally we seek capital.
José E. Almeida: We had a very good performance in SPECTRUM since its launch about a year ago. We gain market share. We're back to number two position in the market. And clearly, that was a very rapid penetration. We don't see the same rate of penetration going forward, but we continue to see us gaining market share in this large volume pump market in the U.S. We're also very committed to this pump business and technology, and we will be continuing to invest resources in developing not only the portfolio for the U.S. but also for outside the U.S. But to the point of comparables, we are coming to the point we are anniversarying our pump launch, so clearly we cannot expect this business to continue to deliver growth in the 20-plus percent every quarter.
José E. Almeida: Vijay, this is our challenge, and I think we are on our way to create that environment. First thing we did was completely reallocate capital. If I showed today to you the dollars invested by franchising the company versus 12 months ago, you'll see a significant difference. We are doubling down in areas like biosurgery, it's going to take us a couple of years to pick up momentum there because we fell behind in a lot of different things, but we are looking at some M&A augmentation for the short term. We also are doubling down in the PD business, the peritoneal dialysis business. I have great confidence that we're going to unveil a very different model of doing business in some parts of the world. We're working with payers at this moment, and I think that will be a very interesting way of expanding the use of PD, which has proven to be, economically and from the access point of view, a better way forward for the patient and for the system. And with SHARESOURCE, we're going to continue to invest there. I see us very focused on the M&A area associated with organic growth in our generic injectable business. We think we have a platform opportunity at the moment, plus our internal growth engines in terms of new molecules, which we're accelerating. So, all of this gives me the confidence that we can achieve 4% to 5% in a couple of years. I tell you, we are trimming our portfolio. We're removing a significant amount of unprofitable dollars, which will boost our 2017 bottom line, but cleaning up the portfolio and simplifying Baxter is also part of the playbook. So, the playbook is innovation, really good capital allocation practices, use our capital dollars in the way that was different in the past. As you can see, our free cash flow numbers will allow us to generate more profitability for the company. And lastly, when we talk about transformation, it's not just cost reduction and reduction of personnel, but is also the complete restructuring of the company in terms of its processes. Baxter grew up to be a very complicated company with a lot of SKUs, and we're working very hard to the Office of the Business Transformation to redo that. So, that accumulation of factors give us pretty good odds of hitting the numbers, we just need to continue forth with a lot of tenacity to achieve what we set forth to do.
José E. Almeida: Mike, we don't have the portfolio of a spec pharma company. So, our playbook is not quite the same. Do we have...
José E. Almeida: So, I was going to add that our pricing to date is slightly over 1.1% of our growth. So, it's a fraction of the overall growth. Do we have price increases? We do have price increases like many companies. But its sustainability, what I see in the long term, is neutral to a slight positive on pricing. So, I want to make that very clear. The other thing is how do you sustain that top line with transforming the gross margin contribution in participating markets that have higher growth rates than our current one is using the playbook we're using today. So, going into premixed and going into perhaps the manufacturing of very difficult to make KPIs, give us gross margins much, much different than we current today have in terms of average for the company. So, we will double down on that. So, Jay's comments in the very beginning about redeploying of R&D in the fourth quarter is actually doubling down in all the programs that we have in bringing new molecules to premixed using our capability of, we call, the GALAXY. Looking into adjacencies and doubling the amount of R&D in biosurgery is another sustainable way of being in this business. Creating local initiatives that we are and right now we have more than probably 70 local initiatives in all countries. Remember, Baxter is 60% outside U.S. sales, and we had put in place a franchise system as a company that completely took away the ability of our local and regional businesses to operate a little bit more independent. And we have great opportunities and we totaled (45:18) significant amount of money in the next three to four years that will sustain our top line, revamping our R&D organization to be more focused by business than focus in overall company. So, there's significant amount of things we're doing that are not related directly to price, but eventually plays a role in pricing because your mix will be different if products have higher margin and will change the profile of the company. It's not an easy thing to do, but we're working very hard to do it right. Hence, one of the things that we haven't rushed into doing was acquiring companies, we want to make sure that we have the discipline to acquire the companies, where it matters and be strategically accretive to our business.
José E. Almeida: Well, Bob, you answered 50% of your own question. We got accelerated programs in place, and we're getting faster results on our zero-based organization, zero-based budget and zero-based spending, okay, so we pull things forward. But we also have come across a significant amount of opportunities that we initially did not anticipate. So, I see us building a lot of confidence in probably over achieving our targets, and I say that with no hesitation. I would say also that there is a portion of our restructuring that is more complex, which is the outsourcing and labor arbitration that is involved in changing our back-office profile. But based in what I did in my past and looking at what we're doing today, there is a vast difference in our approach, and I truly believe that our people will be able to do what we set forth to do at the savings that we've set or even better. So, things are coming together very well. One thing I want to give credit to Baxter and the Baxter management and Baxter employees is once we set our compass to the right direction here, they really execute very quickly, I was surprised how much momentum we got out of simplification and savings. So, the folks of our company have done a phenomenal job embracing this change, and those are not easy changes to make. So, in summary, we are happy with the result and satisfied by the way. And it does give us confidence that probably we will over achieve on our long-range plan targets.
José E. Almeida: We have targets that are probably in the number of between 10 and 15 that we have in front of us at any given time. So, it's not a scarcity of targets. And now, we have a strategy that is driving our seeking companies and seeking businesses and technologies. So now, we have the right construct here which is a strategy-driving M&A. We are extremely disciplined when it comes to how we look at our shareholders money. And the ability to drive value is fundamentally important to us. So, at the moment, we are looking at three specific targets that we think have good value for the company. The competition sometimes is irrational about how people are paying for some of the targets. And we don't go there. We don't want to be part of that group. We want to make sure that everything that we pay for has a way of paying back to the company and to the shareholders. So, we are very diligent. I meet with the team every month, every other week we've got updates. We just hired our new head of M&A. He started with us about a week and a half ago. Very talented. We'll not – I want our investors to understand that we are very focused on that, but we will never forget our responsibility in managing our shareholders' money. We don't see it is as our money, it's our shareholders'. So, we're going to make sure that investments we make are very well thought out. I also challenge our team internally to think a little broader when people look at acquisitions and make sure that we understand all the value is being captured. So, this has been a learning curve for Baxter. We have not done that in the past and I think it is a good practice. So, as we get more mature, we're probably going to see some things happening in the future.
José E. Almeida: We're not going to talk about 2017 today. What I want to tell you is that we will remove sales from the top line, which are unprofitable today. And that is our responsibility. So, we do have the long-term objective of growing the business and the underlying business will grow 3% to 4%. The thing is, we will need to remove some sales. We're doing business in locations that we should not be doing business. We've been there for a long time but has not panned out to be a good business. And the worst thing that we can have is to keep a business afloat that is on the marginal contribution is eroding value to the company. So, we will take the measures that we want to take and make sure that anything that we do will have the intentions of making the company stronger in the future. So, for us, to deliver our bottom line, we will have to take some of this business off line, and I have no problems with that. But at the same time, we are very focused in investing in the right R&D programs to be able to create the momentum to bring the top line to the 3% to 4%, eventually 4% to 5%. So, this is our job, number one right now is to work on top line growth, but we will revamp and repurpose our portfolio, so we are not here sitting three, four years from today with massive unwanted businesses that we should have taken action before.
José E. Almeida: Thank you. We're very happy with our progress on free cash flow. And we see with better management of our capital, we will see probably a better performance than we have spoken to our investors back in May. With that said, it gives us a good ability to deploy this capital in acquisitions. So, we will have not a timeline fixed to get to a 2.0 times. We will get there when we get there. I tell you, it can be in one shot. It can be in several shots. But we are really focused in bringing our balance sheet to a place that we can either do two things, choose to deliver capital to our shareholders in form of buyback, and I think that is a very possible avenue, combined with a healthy M&A strategy because we are very happy with how our free cash flow and our capital spending is progressing.
