Mary Kay Ladone: Thanks, Sean. Good morning, and welcome to our First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me today are Bob Parkinson, CEO and Chairman of Baxter International; Bob Hombach, Chief Financial Officer; and Dr. Norbert Riedel, Chief Science and Innovation Officer. Before we get started, let me remind you that this presentation, including comments regarding our financial outlook, new product developments and regulatory matters contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, and of course, our actual results could differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filings for more detail concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. In addition, in today's call, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Baxter's ongoing business performance. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures being discussed today to the comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings release issued this morning and available on our website. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Bob Parkinson.
Mary Kay Ladone: Yes, I think we're off to a great start with SubQ. We continue to see patient gains both competitively, as well as conversions from IV to SubQ, James, and our assumptions currently include sales approaching -- on a global basis, because we do also have a product in Europe that we sell -- of about $100 million in 2012.
Mary Kay Ladone: Yes, still on track. On track, Mike, second half of this year, no change at this point to our expectations for both China and Russia. And in regards to the recombinant Factor IX, we are looking -- that's also on track to be completed here and filed in the second half as well.
Mary Kay Ladone: Yes, I just was going to add, Rajeev, that in recombinants, as Bob mentioned, we didn't change our full year guidance at this point. The Australian impact is about $60 million for the full year, and that will pay out over the course of the year. We'll have a little bit easier comps outside the U.S. as we get into the back half of the year. But just an example of the impact Australia has had, international sales were flat in the quarter, including the impact of Australia. And x that, they were up 6%, in line generally with the market upgrowth that we're seeing and estimating.
Mary Kay Ladone: Yes, Matt, it's Mary Kay. We did talk about this when we gave our guidance back in January, that we did expect that given the Yako [ph] reimbursement. That's a biannual, every 2 year, basically price reduction in Japan, as well as we are seeing some of the EU austerity measures that we discussed, which has, for the full year, a $30 million to $40 million impact over the total portfolio. But there is a significant portion that's in renal as well. So that will be an ongoing difficult comparison that we'll have going forward.
Robert J. Hombach: Sure. Yes, in terms of capacity and investments in capacity, historically, you've seen us both on additional capacity expansions on the existing footprint, and I think others in the industry. This announcement today represents a true greenfield site, where we are going to be putting infrastructure in place in addition to, and we were very careful to point this out in the press release, it is fractionation capacity, it is purification capacity, and it is fill-finish capacity, and an additional testing lab, which is another requirement in the overall plasma fractionation process that we need to have in place. So we are adding all elements in one location here whereas historically, you may have heard additional capacity investments talk about in a piecemeal fashion. As we look at this investment, approximately 30% of this investment relates to infrastructure. And as Bob just mentioned, that infrastructure will support both this initial 3 million in capacity but also significantly more capacity in the future. And by making the investment now, it will position us to add that additional capacity in the future at a lower marginal cost and in a much more timely fashion than this greenfield site is going to take for us to bring out.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes, what I would say is, first and foremost, Q1 is always the lowest quarter from a margin standpoint for us in most cases. So again, this was in line with our expectation. There were some positive mix benefits, as we mentioned. There are some headwinds built into 2012 that we've talked about quite a bit. As we mentioned, we remain very confident in the full year guidance of flat to very modestly down, which implies that the gross margin will increase in subsequent quarters. I'd also highlight that the one aspect of seasonality that's pretty consistent in our results is Q2 tends to be a higher margin quarter for us, primarily due to the fact that we have sales in Europe of our FSME vaccine, particularly encephalitis. And so that's a high-margin product that tends to augment the Q2 margins. So we're certainly expecting margin to improve as we move throughout the year with Q2, again, likely to be the highest of the quarters and again, very comfortable with the full year guidance.
Robert J. Hombach: That will be -- that is incremental in the sense that -- we always invest in our plasma footprint, and as we've mentioned, we've got additional capacity coming online in Italy, as an example. So there's an existing base of expense of spending that's going on even today. Given the nature of bringing a new plant up, though, the spending tends to be a bit more front-loaded because you need to get the facility in place, the equipment in place, build a conformance lot, submit stability studies and all of those things. So I would say 2013 and 2014 are going to be the peak years. And from an incremental standpoint of where we're sitting today, I think about it in kind of $400 million of incremental spend in each of those years, with some flex between '13 and '14 to accommodate this additional spending. But what I would add is given our strong cash position, our strong cash flow that we expect to have going forward, our very strong balance sheet and flexibility within our current credit ratings, this additional investment is not going to constrain our ability to continue to do the things we've been doing, which is reinvesting in other parts of our business, turning significant value to shareholders in dividends and buyback, and doing select bolt-on acquisitions that augment our portfolio.
Robert J. Hombach: Well, a couple of things. As we pointed out in our prepared comments, we are going to have a tough comp in the second quarter, but we will see stronger growth in the third or fourth quarter. But as we also mentioned, because of shutting down the old facility, extending its useful life and providing important flexibility going forward, we are going to be constrained this year. We have shifted product to meet market needs. And so I didn't want to imply here that the specific customer-by-customer retention of share from Octa because different price points, different geographies where they're stronger and so on. But in aggregate, stepping back and looking at the level of demand we're seeing for our product, again, augmented here with a strong uptick for SubQ in the -- 10% SubQ in the SubQ market, we feel very good about how our share position overall has evolved. And we have not competed to try to retain some of those more price-sensitive customers that we've talked about before that are likely targets for Octa's reentry.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes, I mean, recall that we're in the process of the Australian tender playing out, so we're going to have tough comps throughout the course of this year on the international front related to the Australian tender, which is going to murk up the picture here as we go forward. Again, we're very encouraged by first quarter results in the U.S. and the reaction from both treaters and patients to the very strong data from the ADVATE label expansion and prophy indication for adults and so on. But again, it's early days. So I would say we expect to be in good position to grow, at least with the market here in the U.S. throughout the course of this year. But again, we're going to have tough comps internationally, and that's reflected in our global guidance for the full year.
Robert J. Hombach: No. We've got to be careful here because, as you know, there's a number of dynamics that come into play with CMS reporting. We've talked about the fact, in terms of the contracting process here for 2012 with our customers in the U.S., we had a very modest price increase, certainly well below 6%. And so that has to do with timing and how we report certain adjustments and rebates and following their rules and so on. So I would not attribute much value to that 6% because that is not what we're seeing.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes, I would say kind of towards the middle of 2013, because as we've talked about, we're taking old L.A. down for 5 months towards the end of this year. But with the plasma production cycles that you're familiar with of up to 6 months, it's going to take into the second quarter before we've got it back up running and go through the process and have sellable product. So I would put it as kind of middle of next year before that's online. But as we also have mentioned, we're bringing additional capacity on to the back half of this year in our Rieti, Italy facility. We are ramping up production this year and continuing to ramp up the utilization level in new L.A. We'll take another step-up in early 2013 as well, so that will alleviate some of the pressure here. But I think really to be in the most robust situation, it's middle of 2013.
Robert J. Hombach: Okay. So on the Medical Products integration front, the way we characterized it up to this point, this was a $75 million to $100 million cost opportunity for us over time. We're probably 2/3 or more down the track of realizing that. But there still are additional leverage opportunities in front of us over the next couple of years, but the lion's share of it we have already baked into our expectations.
Robert L. Parkinson: I'm not sure, at this stage, we know. I think that it probably represents some of each of those elements that you just described, James. So I think it's too early to be able to quantify which of those variables is the most pronounced. But we know specifically that, on a patient-by-patient basis, that we are gaining conversions, one, from competition and then two, expansion and use of ADVATE given the broader label. So as we stated in our prepared comments, early start, but it's quite encouraging.
Robert L. Parkinson: And I appreciate your question. I mean, obviously, we'll talk more about this, I'm sure, with follow-on questions about the HyQ program, the delay and so forth. But your point is a good one because the reality is with a 10% SubQ, we got a great product. We've got something to promote, we're getting traction in the marketplace, and so growth in this segment is not exclusively dependent on the short term of the timing approval for HyQ. So that's an important point for everyone to understand.
Robert L. Parkinson: Yes, I don't know if we can define the timelines, Kristen. And there's still -- we're still engaged with a discussion with the FDA so I don't think we want to be premature. Maybe you'd want to -- I'll ask Dr. Riedel. Norbert, why don't you comment on this, if you could, so we can provide some help to Kristen.
Robert L. Parkinson: Well, first of all, I don't think anyone should associate the disappointment and the delay in HyQ with the broader pipeline. In my prepared comments this morning, I cited just a few examples of many in terms of how we're progressing in all of our businesses on multiple fronts. I mean, the ramp-up in R&D since I've been here, as we've discussed many times, is a reflection of, at the end of the day, what's our most important strategic priority, which is the ability to innovate because that's really the only sustainable business model in this industry, in my view. And again, as I've commented a number of times, I try to be as objective about this as I can. I really believe our pipeline today is the strongest that it's been in the history of the company. The profile of what's in our pipeline are largely products that are higher margin than the overall company, clearly, that represent a better growth trajectory with primary focus on core franchises, hemophilia being one, renal and dialysis being another and then so forth. So in terms of the impact, obviously, we all know HyQ was the near-term opportunity to have some material effect on our sales growth. But I mean things that we've already got approved and launched from the 10% SubQ, we talked about the expanded label on ADVATE. Sometimes we don't typically associate this with R&D spend. But these are all programs that required R&D investment, and the highest payback and the most significant return are on those things that further enhance the position of franchises or businesses that are already established. There's just a couple of examples. We hope to get the approval on the MMN indication and so on. So I'll stop short of playing back the entire pipeline, but let's not associate the shorter-term disappointment on HyQ as a reflection of the broader pipeline because the strategic priority is as I described.
Robert L. Parkinson: Well, I mean, look, the one thing we all know is it's difficult to speculate on the motivation or rationale of the FDA. I think it is fair to say that we were surprised, certainly disappointed. Norbert, I'm going to have you address the first part of Mike's question in terms of Hylozyme data, what do we have and so on, recognizing that we're limited to talk about it until we get further down the path in our dialogue with the agency.
Robert L. Parkinson: No, it doesn't. Our priorities in terms of M&A are consistent with what we've -- I don't see any correlation between the 2 at all. Just a straight out answer to it.
Robert L. Parkinson: I don't think so. I think our outlook -- and obviously, we look forward to get together with everybody at the investor conference in October to talk about this. I mean, let's just back up and put this in perspective. We're disappointed in the delay of HyQ. Only a handful of analysts, I think yourself included, Mike, had even quantified what the long-term impact was or longer-term impact. I think the average incremental revenue associated with this in 2014 -- so in other words, 2 years post the launch, it was somewhere between $100 million and $200 million. I don't want to minimize that. That's not insignificant. But in the context of a company of our size, particularly -- just to be very candid with you in view of the reaction of the market this week, is a total disconnect, okay? The other point I would make is assuming this represents just a delay -- as you all know, because we talk about capacity, fractionation capacity all the time, the incremental value of HyQ is more price-related than it was volume-related, because to be very candid, with the 10% SubQ, which I commented, robust market growth, opportunities globally, we can sell as much IVIG as we can make, independent of whether we have HyQ approved or not. So again, I don't want to minimize the incremental value primarily associated with the	price. But if the composite or consensus average of incremental sales 2 years out was somewhere between $100 million and $200 million, that puts it in a quantitative perspective vis-à-vis the reaction to the market this week. So you know what? I'll just leave it at that.
Robert L. Parkinson: Yes. And clearly, that was the original strategy, and it still is based on the timing of approval of HyQ. I think the difference is, originally, when we launched the 10% SubQ, we saw it as a catch-up to be then competitive with other SubQs on the market, okay? In other words, a catch-up launch to set the stage for HyQ. What we've learned, as I commented, we have the superior SubQ product right now, which has a lot more traction and opportunity than what we had earlier anticipated. So the strategy remains the same to over time upgrade to HyQ when and if we get approval for HyQ. But in the meantime, we have more upside and opportunity on 10% than what we had estimated at the start, if that makes sense to you.
Robert L. Parkinson: Yes, and, Rick, as we've mentioned in the past, I mean, we're as excited about the opportunities for home HD outside the U.S. as we are inside. And while we would love to have an approval in the U.S. as soon as possible, we certainly can make a lot of headway on this program by getting a CE mark and moving forward in those markets where today, we have a well-established PD business. There is a well-accepted approach to home treatment for dialysis in Europe and reimbursement rates are attractive.
Robert L. Parkinson: And we still have 80% of our renal businesses outside -- PD business outside of the U.S. So sometimes people lose sight of that. So that's really the big opportunity in the short term, Rick.
Robert L. Parkinson: Actually the layout, Matt, we're going to take a little different approach, more of a modular approach than we took in L.A. I think that does several things for us. One is to, I think, relative to the yield question you asked, perhaps do a better job in terms of yield. It also allows us to scale up beyond the 3-million-liter incremental capacity that we cited this morning in a quicker fashion if we choose to do that. So the approach is actually quite different than what we took in L.A.
Norbert G. Riedel: Maybe just as a follow-up to what we have announced at the beginning of the week and to just ground everyone, the study we have done in the administration of immunoglobulin therapies for HYLENEX or HyQ is a study where patients were treated immunoglobulins for more than 1 year. In the extension that we have ongoing, actually some patients are approaching 3 years, and we have not seen any serious or non-serious adverse events that would have actually given us any concerns in the clinical study. We have actually talked about the results as recently as last month, and we presented the longer-term studies. And the concerns of the agency are really around the long-term chronic use of the hyaluronidase that is part of this therapy and the administration of immunoglobulin. Immunoglobulin therapy, as you know from our indication in PID, is indicated for long-term chronic use. So the concerns that the agency has raised are around hyaluronidase in long-term chronic use. I can't really give you a lot of specifics or more specifics than what we have shared only because we are in dialogue with Halozyme and the FDA as to how to address the concern and what kinds of studies we would propose to address those concerns. But I will, of course, keep you posted on that, as soon as I have a clearer picture and better definition. But that's really all I can share with you at this point.
Norbert G. Riedel: So the Blood Products Advisory Committee is the panel that you are referring to. It will actually be involved in looking at the proposed studies that we will put forward as to how to address the concerns of the agency. So I think you're right. I think that's a positive. And actually, it's also really a pretty normal course of action and a regular path, so there's nothing particularly unusual about it. And that's the ground plan, that we will actually have the panel and discuss the study design with the panel.
Norbert G. Riedel: So as you know, we have actually submitted our dossier in Europe and in Canada as well, and it's under review there. And we are in dialogue with those agencies, but there's really nothing in particular or specific that I need to comment on or can comment on because it's an ongoing review process, and it's taking, likewise, its normal course of action at this point.
Norbert G. Riedel: Right. So, Mike -- because we have talked about this before. You and I have talked about this before. I was very much focused on the actual clinical trial results that we saw in our first Phase III trial with in HYLENEX in PID. And as I mentioned in my earlier comments, we have seen a very clean efficacy and safety profile in that study, not only within the Phase III that was submitted to the agency, but also with respect to the extension that we have ongoing where patients have been on therapy for almost 3 years now. So clearly, I have and continue to have a high level of confidence that the clinical trial data is very strong data, and we published that and you referred to that in your write-up. With respect to the agency's concern, it's really about introducing the recombinant human pH 20 or hyaluronidase as a long-term chronic administration of a molecule, and questions or concerns around that. We are truly working with Hylozyme on a daily basis to identify what data exists and what data the agency is looking for and how to best design studies around those data. At this point, that's really all I can tell you. And as soon as we have that better defined, we will of course communicate that. That's the current status.
Norbert G. Riedel: Maybe, I'll just expand on it just in the following way. There was nothing in particular. I think it has to do with, and in a reasonable way, has to do with the recombinant hyaluronidase being positioned for chronic long-term use for which it is currently is not indicated. And I think the questions and concerns are all around that aspect of this therapy. And keep in mind, maybe as a follow-up to the earlier questions, while our SubQ is positioning us extremely well in the space of this cloud of administration, we have always looked at the HyQ as truly a transformational, game-changing incremental improvement, much beyond what SubQ does. And so it's one of those pioneering programs in our pipeline that we think are highly promising, but also in a way, go down a new path with the regulators. And therefore, there's a little bit more uncertainty than there would be in a Factor IX or a Factor VII or a von Willebrand Factor, which is a more straightforward -- maybe a life cycle management product development approach versus pioneering new ground. And that also speaks to the pipeline being really balanced between life cycle management opportunities that are truly enhancing existing core businesses and new opportunities like HyQ, like stem cells, for which I think we need to make resources available. Because that is our legacy of truly premium first-to-market innovations to our patients and customers. If I was to draw conclusions from HyQ in general onto the pipeline and the productivity of the pipeline, I think we'll be [indiscernible] in this place.
Norbert G. Riedel: Just a few more than 50 patients that continue in the extension study, and recall the Phase III study itself was just shy of 90 patients. I think it was 87 -- no, 56, I believe, are continuing in the extension study.
Norbert G. Riedel: Well, truly, I don't know what actually leads you to the 18 months that you are using. I can only tell you that at this stage, I really can't put a 3-year time frame around it, because that will depend on not only the design of the studies, but also the discussion with the FDA and with the advisory committee. So it's truly too early. But I do believe that we will be pushed out beyond 2012. As I get closer to understanding what exactly needs to be done, then I can help you with the timeline. But at this point, I would be speculating and I'd rather not do that.
Norbert G. Riedel: So the study is actually ongoing, the clinical study, and I would characterize it as patients on therapy really liking the therapy. So since we restarted, we have had no further issues to deal with, and therefore our projected timeline remains for a CE marking in Europe in 2013 and for U.S. launch in 2014 -- a U.S. filing in 2014, I'm sorry.
Norbert G. Riedel: It shouldn't take that long because we've -- but I'd rather not speculate on it. So let's stay with filing and then see what happens thereafter.
Norbert G. Riedel: And, Rick, on Alzheimer's, the first Phase III trial, as you know, will complete with the last patient out at the end of this year. We still expect to have the data analyzed and available in the first half of 2013. The second trial, which we initiated after the futility analysis turned out to be positive, has begun to enroll patients. Sites have been initiated, so we are off to a good start on the second Phase III trial.
