James K. Saccaro: Sure. We did report a very solid first quarter in Fluid Systems, with approximately 28% growth. And really there were a number of drivers of that. We are seeing continued strength in infusion systems, which is growing north of 30%. A lot of that has to do with pump placements – or pump sales, I should say – along with the attendant sets. But, having said all of that, we also had a very solid quarter in IV therapies, benefiting from both volume and pricing. So in short I think it's a combination of factors that led to the solid performance.
James K. Saccaro: Yeah, overall Renal in the United States in the quarter grew approximately 8%, and we did see even faster growth in the PD business. As Joe mentioned in his prepared remarks, we're off to a great start with AMIA. It's a fabulous, innovative new product for us. It's been very well-received. And so that's one of the factors. But I think beyond that, we are seeing volume and price growth in this important area, and we're pleased with PD performance, which really drives the lion's share of the growth in the quarter.
James K. Saccaro: Sure. Look, I think both Joe and I would very quickly acknowledge that 9% of sales for a company of our nature is too high. There are elements that we have to consider as we think about the Baxter business, but there is a clear opportunity for us over our long-range plan horizon to improve CapEx spending and to reduce it to a number that is below the 9%. One thing I would point out, Mike, that we didn't really discuss in detail on the fourth quarter call, is when we were meeting with you all in May, we highlighted $900 million on average for CapEx over the long-range plan, but we did say that the early years would be above the $900 million, implying a number closer to $950 million in the first year of the plan. But we were very pleased with some of the zero-based activity that we did on the CapEx budget to reduce CapEx spending to start the year. And then as we move forward, this is going to be a continued area of focus for us, and our full intent is to drive this down over the plan.
James K. Saccaro: Yeah, David, maybe I decompose the SG&A performance in the first quarter and then talk about the annualization of that. There are really four main elements that contribute to the $100 million decline constant currency year over year in SG&A. One is TSAs of approximately $25 million, one is pension of approximately $20 million, and then there are two other elements, which I referred to as some of operational controls, that we put in place: restructuring of $25 million and spend controls of approximately $25 million. It's clear we're very proud of the progress that we've made on spending, and I think the first quarter is clear evidence of that. But as we move to the latter part of the year, there's a couple things to be mindful of. First, the TSA income – we started recording this in the second half of last year. So that benefit on a year-over-year basis goes away in the second half of the year. And then the second comment is, with respect to restructuring and spending, we did have some benefit in the latter part of last year as we started to implement controls very quickly after the spinoff. And so some of those benefits, it's not appropriate to annualize that performance as we move forward. But it's safe to say cost is a clear focus for us. I think the organization has taken this mandate, and really we are going after this aggressively. We're pleased with the progress, and the first quarter is evidence of that.
James K. Saccaro: Yeah, I mean, look, overall we were definitely pleased with the overall performance in Renal in the quarter. And I think of particular note, the acute business, as Joe mentioned in his prepared remarks, standout quarter. We continue to be very excited about adoption there. We also had a very solid PD quarter as well. But one quarter doesn't a year make, so for us, we're mindful. We have a reasonable forecast in place for the remaining part of the year. And we do have some tougher comps, particularly in the fourth quarter, where in the fourth quarter of 2015, we had a very strong performance in the Renal business. So that's one where I think there's some tougher comps, and we'll continue to watch this. But as we look at the long-range plan that we've shared, acceleration in the Renal business is a very important component of our long-term success. So I can tell you that the first quarter was one that was definitely pleasing to us.
James K. Saccaro: And just to add to that, as you look at the Renal margins over the last year, there's a couple other considerations, less strategic but impacting the numbers. One is we have been investing in a number of R&D programs over the last year, so, VIVIA, AMIA, along with PrisMAX, which are three major platform developments. Those run through the Renal segment's margins. So that's a factor that will go away over time. Related to that, we'll have the benefit of new product launches at a premium price, which will allow us to take margin up in that sense. And then the final point I would make, just tactically speaking, is you'll recall at our investor conference last year, we did comment that there was 150 basis points of incremental manufacturing costs that we'd experienced in the short term as we looked to address regulatory opportunities for us. That impacted our numbers in the second half of last year and all of 2015, and a large component of that related to the Renal business. We do expect some of these costs to sunset over time. So in addition to the strategic component that Joe walked you through, I think there are a number of tactical elements that will also support margin in this business.
James K. Saccaro: Great. Thanks for the question, Danielle. As we pointed out at the beginning of the year, our guidance range was $1.46 to $1.54, implying a midpoint of $1.50 per share. And we updated it to $1.59 to $1.67, with the midpoint being $1.64. So it's essentially a $0.14 improvement in terms of EPS. There are a number of factors that contribute to that. One is foreign exchange. There's approximately $0.06 of benefit from foreign exchange that we expect to see in the remaining part or over the course of the year. The second piece, though – and frankly, this is the one that I think we're happiest about – relates to operational performance. Our expectation now is that operationally, we will be $0.06 better than our original expectations. And then there's a number of other puts and takes. Interest and other income related to equity gains and balance sheet gains is approximately $0.04, and that offsets tax rate and share count, which is a negative – roughly negative $0.03 or $0.04. So those are the primary drivers of the performance, but I would highlight that from our standpoint, as we think about the work that we're doing both on the cost side and the pricing, mix side, a lot of those margin improvement efforts that we're undertaking, those are reflected in the $0.06 of operational overachievement that I highlighted.
James K. Saccaro: I would say it's clearly a mix of components that lead to the $0.06, and there's definitely some spending controls that we expect to see as we move forward that contributes a portion. But from an end user market strength, from a pricing and mix strength, that is probably the slight majority of the (50:15) improvement we expect to see over the year.
James K. Saccaro: Yeah, sure. First of all, AMIA is a very new product from our standpoint, so this is a completely new, innovative product that we put on the marketplace. And because of, not only the user interface, which has a high level of simplicity, but also because of the SHARESOURCE technology that Joe referenced, there's a lot of excitement amongst treaters, patients, around the AMIA cycler. So the receptivity for this has been great. Our team in the U.S. has been doing a great job promoting and moving this product forward. What's happening as a result of the increased value that we're providing is, there is a margin opportunity for us on this product. But what I would say is, over time, we will expect to significantly migrate towards AMIA. We're focused on new patient starts, as opposed to flipping existing patients. That would be too disruptive. But over time, this will be a larger part of our U.S. business. Frankly, in the short term, it's not going to be a – in 2016, it will not be a huge impact on our overall sales, but over the course of this long-range plan, I do expect this to feature very prominently for our company.
José E. Almeida: Just to complement Jay's answer, Mike, it's not only the zero budget that we did, but also using innovation to replace large capital spending programs that we have. We're looking forward to talk to you folks next week about point of care, and this is one of the ways to reduce large capital spending, primarily for the PD business.
José E. Almeida: David, good morning. The Surgical Care, when you get towards the second half of the year, the comps will help that business, because we're anniversarying some of the negative trends in that business. I would like just to take the opportunity to make the point that this business has two very distinctive areas. One is our hemostatic sealants, which are doing well. We need to do a better job in the international market, and plans are in place for us to accelerate that with more indications and more focus by a couple organizational change we're going to be undertaking. But more so is to highlight there are a couple categories in that biosurgery business or businesses that were purchased a few years ago that are really laggards and businesses that probably don't fit in our portfolio. Very small product lines, but they are the ones which are dragging the comp on this business. So I want to just reassure our investors that we have a significant amount of focus in this technology. Our base business – FLOSEAL, TISSEEL, COSEAL – those are great products and doing very well. And we are looking at a couple of those laggards then to see what we're going do with them.
José E. Almeida: David, I cannot comment on the particulars of the contract. I just have to underscore the fact that we're very happy with the signing of our latest contract with HealthTrust. It's a great opportunity for the company. We are market leaders in IV fluid systems, and we're going to continue to be the leader in this market by providing enough capacity to the marketplace. We're being very smart about how to optimize capacity from all of our North American plants to make sure that we have enough capacity for the U.S. market and will not disappoint our customers. This is part of signing the contracts. It's a cycle between three and five years that we always have, and our team here in the U.S., Brik Eyre and Scott Luce, have done a superb job really working with the GPOs and having them see how much of a value Baxter as a partner is. So this is – but I cannot get into the pricing and arrangements and volume that we have in those contracts.
José E. Almeida: David, this is a clear area of focus for us. We talk about M&A, and obviously M&A is opportunistic, but transformative M&A is not in the cards as we speak right now. So we're looking at strengthening our current core businesses, and by doing it, we're going to go into adjacencies. So why is injectable generics a good area of focus? We have a tremendous technology galaxy in house. We have a good program. We have several molecules for the next three to four years to come. They are in the pipeline, and we're going to accelerate them as much as we can, as those need to be approved by the FDA. But, in terms of technology, we do a great job on that. So the logical extension of that would be to go in an area that is strengthening those core competencies. Now, I cannot speak from prior – about the prior management's strategic decisions, but when I look at this, I see that as a natural migration of our business. Now, the competencies to manage a business like that are slightly different, and we're going to make sure that we have that in house. We're going to acquire that to be able to be even more successful. But this is an area of tremendous attractiveness for us, and I want to make sure that we are focused on that. But with all that said, the opportunistic nature of acquisitions will drive how we're going to approach this market.
José E. Almeida: Bob, for me, it's not about a number of assets, but the quality of the assets and also, what kind of APIs you're looking to participate. So we are refining the strategy to make sure that we don't have – we're not after generic, easy-to-make APIs and things that are small. We're looking for high-quality opportunities, partnerships, different to manufacturer APIs, create a little bit of differentiation for us. We don't mind to go into the more common APIs. But you have to have a construct where your business has some barriers for entry in the areas of technology and know-how of manufacturing. So we're looking at the whole spectrum of business. So, again, it's not about the quantity of targets, but the quality of targets.
José E. Almeida: Sure. Emerging markets are doing well. We're very happy with the performance in Latin America. Like many companies, we have, in China, seen a overall decline of growth rates. If you equalize for a Renal adjustment that we had in China, our growth rate, you should be seeing towards the end of the year close to 9% to 10%. Okay? So our emerging markets is a healthy business. We right now are focusing in what we call the singles and doubles opportunities, and we just established our – we repurposed our R&D center, which is a global center in China now, to be China for China. Also very interested in the RTS, our renal clinics in South America. We have some expansion opportunities there. So our emerging markets is doing well, but we want more from it. We're not – we're satisfied, but we're not happy – we're happy but not satisfied, the other way around. We're happy but not satisfied with the performance. And we have some good opportunities ahead of us. We're going to be investing specifically in areas such as China, some parts of Southeast Asia. There's also selected markets in Latin America. As currency weakens in some countries in Latin America, offers an opportunity for potential acquisitions there at a reasonable price, with a good return on investment.
José E. Almeida: It is a trend we'll continue. The ability to reintegrate the EMRs with the general floor in ICU connectivity, and connect the patient data with libraries and (35:54), I think it's very important. The importance is not proportional to the adoption. There is a need, but the adoption is not as clear path and immediate as one may make you believe. So, from our perspective, we have a significant effort in connectivity, wired and wireless. And we have two new versions of our pumps coming up in the next three years, but we're also working diligently on a global platform that we're going to probably have more news in about six months down the road. But we have a significant effort. It's a great opportunity for us. And as we continue to gain market share in our infusion systems, you will see us coming up with new pump versions that will enable that feature. Enabling of the feature doesn't mean that the adoption is going to be there. It just makes sure that the hospital or the hospital system has the ability to connect with the EMR. Not everyone is ready, but we will be ready, as our customers become more diligent about using this feature. I just want to underscore the fact that our AMIA and CLARIA PD cyclers, both of them operate with a very sophisticated cloud-based system for communication between clinician and patient. So we're already there; we have the technology, and we see the future of Baxter connectivity is enabling our SHARESOURCE technology for also infusion pumps and other devices that may be needed, including our home hemodialysis system, our VIVIA program.
José E. Almeida: From my perspective, we think that there's upside potential in the margins for Renal. And there are different areas. First of all, you saw the performance of the in-center HD business this quarter, and that's the result of stabilization of our dialysis business, primarily in Europe. And as we have new technology coming about, terra nova, we'll – hopefully will be able to see that trend be steady. So you have natural momentum off that. The second part is access to the patient. In selected markets in the world, Baxter will make an attempt to connect direct with the patients. I have a great example in Canada, where the government is really into the PD business. They think PD first is a good policy, not only for the patient, but also for the system in terms of reimbursement and cost for the system, 60% penetration in Canada. So there are other opportunities in North America. (40:00) not happy not accessing the patient in North America, so we will have creative ways of connecting to the patient through payers, through providers, to be able to increase the penetration of PD, therefore increasing the future margins of this business. I have to say that when we look at the acute renal business, that is a phenomenal business for the company, where we're probably going to launch a platform in critical care based on extracorporeal therapies to accelerate even further the growth of that business, with improved margins.
José E. Almeida: R&D is a key component for Baxter in terms of innovation and growth. And that's why we're going to be able to show you guys on May 9 our efforts. We're not going to show you everything, but we're going to show a portion of what we think the future holds for Baxter and a significant amount of R&D innovation that is coming through the pipeline. So our commitment to R&D is very strong. We have done and continue to do efficiency programs in R&D, in terms of consolidation of sites and infrastructure. Infrastructure does not provide innovation. What provides innovation are people in the right places developing products for unmet needs and also applications for the specific markets. And so what you see in terms of reduction in R&D is more of a realignment of resources across the globe, and the right focus and the right products. We're starting to do capital allocations, so we're going to see some movement in R&D. We're going to see some projects that will be slowed down, some that will be doubled down to be able to accelerate. In terms of hard-to-manufacture APIs, we have some capability in-house, but we always have at our disposal the ability to partner with companies across the globe and acquire companies across the globe. As you know, our balance sheet has good capacity, and we'll be putting that to work for the shareholders' interest. And one of them is the ability to capitalize on our injectable core competences.
José E. Almeida: Joanne, hospital volumes in the U.S. are healthy. We also need to decompose the growth that we have, because we've been gaining market share in some of our categories, primarily infusion systems. So when you pull that aside, the market share aside, the hospital business in the U.S. is still healthy. Price pressures are always there. But we have much less of physician-preferred products, so we'd only speak (45:11) from products that have high pressure on pricing coming from IDNs and GPOs. We have products that are used on every day, saving lives and sustaining lives of patients, and those products are very stable in terms of pricing, but also the volume is healthy. Despite the fact that on top it we're gaining market share in many, many categories.
José E. Almeida: Outside of the United States, you'll see price pressures in some categories in Europe. Europe is still a low-growth business, not only for Baxter but across a large spectrum of health care. And we see some opportunity in Latin America, and we see some opportunity in China for volume pickup.
José E. Almeida: VIVIA is doing well. We have several patients in Europe. It's a technology that continues to evolve. This is a very unique technology. When you compare it to competitors that say that they have home therapies, they have hemodialysis therapies that are done in the home no different than they're done in the center. Our therapy is done overnight in the home, allowing the patient full functionality during the day for working, productive life. So if you think about – this technology's complex, and we keep improving its reliability and its ability to continue to perform in people's homes without a great deal of interference or intervening from clinicians. So the work in Europe is doing well. In the U.S., we're enrolling patients. We have one patient enrolled; we continue to enroll. We have a clinical trial. I think we're a little early to predict the end of the trial and approval in the U.S. We're in constant contact with the FDA. We have a good trial program in place. We'll keep you guys updated as we see needed and we make some progress in terms of enrollment.
José E. Almeida: Rick, as always, we are happy but not satisfied. So there was a lot of work being done by the company before I got here, but I think we're refocusing around a few themes. The first one is a true strategy with disciplined capital allocation. So what programs really going to make through the company and give us big needle-movers. The other thing is to impart the organization to develop what I call the singles and doubles, and have more of a global entrepreneurial approach to the singles and doubles so we can benefit from all of them, instead of funneling everything through a very complex and centralized capital allocation process. So we're doing that. We understand the categories of investment. We understand what buckets, and this is what we're going to talk to you guys next week. In terms of our cost opportunity, I just appointed a Chief Transformation Officer for the company. He's been with the company for a while, very well-respected, understands the company deeply. He reports directly to me, and underneath this person, Robert Felicelli, we have all the cost transformation, to simplify the company, to understand our back office and how to make more effective and more efficient areas of spending. We're going to talk more in depth next week – zero-based budget, zero-based spending, zero-based organization. We're going very hard at this, because I think there is an opportunity to free up some real good cash and turn this back to the investors, but also a bit of that turned back into investment programs, to make our company grow faster. So I'm excited. I think the people here are wonderful. We have great talent, and we're highly motivated to deliver to our shareholders and patients.
José E. Almeida: The second half of the year. I just want to underscore again, our core biosurgery business is doing very well. We have to adjust; in second half, we will have those products anniversarying. Those are laggard (57:00) products; they're not part of our core business, but they were added to the portfolio a few years ago. We just need to find a disposition for these two small products, and they are probably distracting our sales force from even further accelerating. On the development side, we have HEMOPATCH. We have other things that are going on. Launches, we're going to increase our penetration outside the U.S. by creating more indications. We have a healthy pipeline; we have a new oxidized cellulose product that is now being launched in several parts of the world, including Europe. So it's a very exciting franchise that momentarily is having these issues with those two products, but as I said, second half, we'll be anniversarying those numbers. Matt J. Keeler - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Thanks so much.
José E. Almeida: We have a first phase, which is about eight molecules, but altogether we have much more than a dozen molecules that will come in the next three to four years, probably close to 17, 18. We have all singles, doubles, and triples. We have a third one coming up, I would say probably it's between a single and double, we have a large one in about a year and a half coming down the pike. So we are working very hard to offset, clearly, the cyclo effect, but I want to make sure that you understand that those are the organic products of the company. We also will be very diligently looking for partnerships and acquisitions to supplement that business, because we think there's a great deal of opportunity for the company there as an adjacency.
José E. Almeida: We know as much as you do. The company, we put very little resources in trying to understand every single detail about our competitors. It can be regulatory issues. It can be all kinds of different things, ability to manufacture. So at this moment in time, we take advantage of no competitors in the markets. It's a good cash generator for the company. But we understand and we have forecasted the decline of this business, as we have communicated to you. If we don't see any major activity in the future, we'll be the first ones to tell you that the numbers are not changing, or changing by how much. We're going to be very transparent that cyclophosphamide is not a strategic part of the company. What it is, is a good cash generator, and we're going to use that cash to put that to good use, as I said, in getting into the injectables and double down, triple down, in that business. But anything we know, we're going to make it very clear to you what it is, how much affects us, so there's full transparency in our earnings about this product.
