José E. Almeida: Good morning, John. We never met, but welcome to our call. I’m going to take the first part of the question and then I will pass on to Jay, who will get into more of the financial impact. Listen, we found now that we're largely the inventory in the chain is largely balanced, meaning that while we see financial results or dollars coming in and the inventory levels at distributors, so sales out to hospitals and inventory is balanced. We saw that throughout Q4, we think that we have a stable market right now, and which made us conclude that we have not lost market share. Our market share is stable and some of the OEM contracts that we had spoken about are coming back a little faster, and we have some opportunities. So what you see in the progression of the quarters is that we have a very tough comp in the first quarter because quite a few remember last year there was a significant amount of buy-in, a tough flu season was the reaction to the hurricane in late 2017. So this is a tough quarter for us to compare, but if you look across the other quarters and for the year, Medication Delivery will be a 6% business, which tells you that this is a well-established business, a stable business. And we have plans to continue to convert that. We have the launch of our new pump coming in. The new pump will drive more stats, will drive more volume and the ability to capture those that will be great. The other thing that makes this quite stable is we are two out of three GPOs signed. In one of them, we are 100% re-signed with the IDNs and we feel very comfortable about our position in the marketplace. Now let me pass on to Jay, who will talk a little bit more of the financial impact.
José E. Almeida: Good morning, David. That was well, well orchestrated. So we’ve got three questions out of your call. You said only two, but I will -- those are good questions, so we’re going to answer them properly. M&A, listen, we continue very aggressively looking for opportunities, and I want you guys to think about not on the size base but more so on adjacencies and things that’ll make sense for our company for Baxter. It is -- don’t mistake our aggressiveness in looking for targets with our discipline of really understanding the financials behind the returns for acquisitions, which are unchanged. We are looking for molecules. We have and we require molecules in the marketplace to augment our Pharmaceuticals, we're interested in Critical Care, we’re interested in many other areas that are adjacent to our business. Size is not the priority, but the ability to augment that. Will M&A be a great part of our LRP, we augment our LRP. I still -- I’m still very confident that we have the ability to deliver the LRP. We’ve done M&A at the moment because we have $1.7 billion in new products coming in 2023, and that is still in the plans. If you look at our new product development sales contribution in the second half of 2018, it was great. Now we have some really -- a lot of new products coming in, so we’re confident in that, but I think augmented with adjacencies, M&A, and don't be hung up on size. Some may be a little larger than others, but we’re working intensively. But I want our investors to understand -- I would like to underscore the fact that the returns and the financial returns to our shareholders is very, very important to us, so we would not do a deal that is in the fringes or negatively impact our return to our shareholders. I will pass on to Jay on the balance sheet.
José E. Almeida: Robbie, the performance is being driven by several factors. Let me start highlighting the success of the molecules that we’ve been launching internally from Baxter, and those are special molecules, not the molecules themselves, but the delivery of the API. And the second is our premix. So premix is the substitute for when we have shortages. We made great efforts to substitute some of our MINI-BAG Plus product lines in the marketplace by premixes and the premixes are more effective and even safer way of delivering the medication and that is doing extremely well. The growth is fantastic. We are moving up 30% plus of growth in premixes. So I know that we both had Medication Delivery and the recap of and recover of our MINI-BAG plus and MINI-BAGS business. But some of that we actually prefer the conversion into premixes which has been extremely success, but the margins are higher by 20%, 30% and we think that that is the way to go. So our Pharmaceutical business is doing extremely well. We have more molecules coming up in '19 and '20. And we feel that that business is finally taking off, ex this cyclo and BREVIBLOC, which eventually will be something of the past and we can move onto the new Pharmaceutical business which is leadership in generic injectables with novel ways of delivering the medication. Thank you. Thanks, Robbie.
José E. Almeida: So we're definitely getting some benefits from the recapture or the acceleration campaigns with respect to MINI-BAG, MINI-BAG Plus, and then some stability in the LVPs. So the reality is because of the rebates that took place in a number of our product lines, we are able to see above market growth rates in certain product categories. As we referenced in the call, we were pleased to see some of the progress that we made in those areas in -- fourth quarter of 2018, so very, very solid early signs of the recapture campaign paying dividend. And that will continue to pay dividends. Again, above market growth barring the first quarter issue. So that's one factor. The second factor that comes into play is we do start to see accelerated performance on the new pump -- the version 9 of our spectrum pump, which starts to accelerate towards the back half of the year. We have been pleased with the reception of this pump in the marketplace, well received by clinicians around the U.S., so very positive reception. But the sales cycle has been longer than we expected. So as a result of that, we will start to pay that all off in 2019. We have got a line of sight to the pipeline that gives us confidence that we will be able to do that. So you put those things together and like I say, this is a -- this is one where we have a high level of confidence in the acceleration that takes place. And then furthermore, we do have some easier comps in the second half of the year for -- certainly as we look at performance there.
José E. Almeida: I will take that. Our Renal Care, 2% to 3% is our guidance in 2019. And I just want to give a little bit color why is 2% to 3% and how do we connect the PD patient growth to it. We consciously are walking away from business that were unprofitable in some geographies, primarily bloodlines and was a large volume of product. So our HD business is artificially depressed because our decision -- we were making no money. As a matter of fact, we are losing money in that business and it was a good thing that we are not going to be in that business anymore. Moving to the PD business, we are still looking between 5% to 6% in patient growth. This is a very healthy business. The best geographies in the world right now are North America as well as parts of Asia, Japan and China. We have very successful launch of CLARIA with SHARESOURCE, relaunched in parts of Europe, very difficult time we had with the privacy issues in Europe and now we overcame that issue in many geographies in Europe, and we’re trying to see CLARIA with Sharesource, which is a different cycler. Similar to the HomeChoice here, the old HomeChoice in U.S., but updated with software for monitoring. So that is now been using several different countries in Europe. We struggled in the beginning with the privacy. We got to understand how difficult it is to operate in Europe with software [indiscernible], there's home monitoring, but now that's going well. I will point to Japan, Japan the Kaguya business in Japan is doing extremely well. We already have a 1,000 patients on therapy there. We expect to really accelerate that business in '19 and '20. So expect 5% to 6% patient growth. Very healthy business in the U.S. Our partnership with DaVita is going well, great partner and great customer.
José E. Almeida: Well, we just have few patients lined up to start receiving the therapy. We have one that is started and he is going well so far. Early to say, but it is something -- this is a very classic Baxter stance. And I would say something we do something. We tend not to say stuff and not do it. So we put our patient on therapy like we promised. We are going to work hard on that therapy. It's complex, because you're making the drug in people's homes, but it's going well so far. And I tell you we are going to have several iterations of this technology going forward, because this is going to be almost a comparison to what the electric car was seven, eight years ago. You start and you started evolving and evolving, and we’re going to evolve this technology. We will continue to be the leaders in home therapy for peritoneal dialysis.
José E. Almeida: Well, let me -- let's divide this in pieces. We have Claris molecules, which were part of our plan for Claris. And as you know we have the warning letter for the facility, we are doing everything that we are -- we promise to do to the FDA. We will be inspected a couple of times before we can get clearance or VAI for that location. So our focus right now for Claris is to be able to get that facility cleared of the warning letter, and all the efforts that we promised the agency are being done. We also have contingency plan for that plant, because we would like to have Plan B and our Plan B is for most of our products that will be sold in the U.S., we would have CMOs or backups so we can continue operation if something doesn't work. It means that we are working everything that -- every angle that we can to make sure there is no disruption to our plan because the warning letter at Claris. So this is -- this addresses Claris. The other molecules that we have, we have some important molecules launched at the end of '19 and '20, they’re really breakthrough molecules. Not that the molecule itself is breakthrough, but the delivery system of the molecule is a premix and nobody has that in the market. I'm not going to give the name of the molecule, but I'm telling you we have some really interesting stuff going on. The other thing is we have molecules that are launched last year, we have few more launched in this year. The one is a launch last year, I have to say one of them, and I'm not going to give the name of the molecule, is done extremely well with 40% higher sales in our estimates for last year. So that will continue to do well. So our plan for Pharmaceutical is absolutely offset and leaving the past cyclophosphamide and BREVIBLOC and things that were the chief products for the company few years ago were moving into, as we said, we are going to add almost 70 molecules to our portfolio and above double that the ways to deliver those molecules and we are going to do this in a multitude of regions like we promised last year and we are on plan to do it. As I said, we have an important molecule, that hopefully will be launched by the end of '19 and we will announce that properly when that happens.
José E. Almeida: I just want to, Vijay and folks to underscore what Jay just said, we have said that we were not going to let cash sit in the balance sheet unused. So we are going to return that to the shareholders in a way that we can make the most out of it. So ideally we like to buy more companies and spend money in M&A, but if we don't find the target with the right return, we are going to return money to shareholders in the other two vehicles that we have which are share repurchase and dividend. So I want to make sure that people understand that those three vehicles can be -- are not mutually exclusive. They can be done concurrently, but we will accelerate one versus the other as we progress as I said, money will not sit in the balance sheet unused.
José E. Almeida: Listen, we were not the benefactors of the spot market sale, because when we end up having -- before we create all this flexibility in our supply chain in Americas, which today is second to none. We have that ability. It's so strong that we can guarantee with penalties to our customers the contracts that we would supply them product, okay? But when we didn't have -- not have that, the other -- the competitors who are selling their product to our customers, were selling sometimes in the spot market with higher prices. So we are not the ones who mostly benefit from that. So I would say pricing in the markets are established by contracts. We have a stable contracts and a stable share. But pricing is a function of competitiveness and that -- so we will always be competitive in the marketplace. But we have what most companies today competing with those don’t have, we have volume of manufacturing, but we have redundancy plan. Think about where we are now approved to sell into the U.S. We can sell our -- out of our plant in the Carolinas, we can sell in the U.S products made in Ireland, products made in Mexico, and products made in Brazil. So we can with the flip of a switch very quickly build inventory contingencies across the Americas, and I think that is a very important position. So how does the price play in this is that, listen, we don't control price other than negotiations which are given -- who are between us and our customers. We did not benefit from this spot markets. So if you are thinking about seeing a decline in price in our contracts in 2019, those will not be there because we're not the ones who jacked up the price for a spot sale and took advantage of that.
José E. Almeida: Okay. So listen, going back to the first part of the question and in terms of what is permanent. Mexico is permanent. Brazil is temporary right now, going to permanent after a second inspection that we are expecting from the FDA shortly. Ireland is permanent and we are going to eventually hook up Canada as well as soon as we line up inspections from the FDA. But if you think about Mexico, Mexico is permanent for us, that's a humongous amount of volume that we can bring into the U.S and divert into other places in Latin America as we wish. So there is a lot of flexibility. So Mexico brought -- if you think about a 100% flexibility, Mexico brought to us 85% of flexibility to the supply chain. And the other 15% were brought by Ireland and eventually when Brazil gets permanent importation status, which will happen in 2019.
José E. Almeida: Oh, and the second part, about Amy, well I'm so happy Amy is joining the Board. Amy was a colleague of my at Covidien for many years and work with me for 20 plus years at Covidien. So and -- Tyco Healthcare and Kendall Company. So we go back 1995. She will be instrumental on the Board in helping is not only M&A. Amy is a strategist, is a healthcare strategist. She is excellent in that area and we are very excited that she will be part of helping us with her strategy as well as making sure that our team is in the best shape ever. This is great news for Dennis [technical difficulty].
José E. Almeida: Matt -- no Mike. Sorry for that, Matt. I know you’re Matt and now I've called you Mike. Matt, first of all, the worst thing that any of us can do here at Baxter is to rush into a deal just to make sure that it helps us in the short-term. And usually those decisions are bad and ill-conceived ones. We are looking for deals for a while, that’s why we’ve a strong M&A team onboard. But that doesn't mean that we are desperate for a deal, we're not. As a matter of fact, we've turned many deals down. And I can tell you we may -- we did this in the last three quarters. We've turned deals down because financials were not there. We couldn’t make ends meet when we -- but we continue to explore every opportunity. We work very closely with our Board in terms of creating a strategic intent, a strategic drive to bring the deals onboard. It has to be strategic. It has to be accretive. It has to return financially, it has to be a company that will benefit Baxter in the long-term. So if we don't find it, we use the money for something else and benefit the bottom line of the company like we did at the end of '18. But there's no urgency. I want our investors to know that this thing of having to make a deal to make '19 happen or '20 happen, it will help us get even better, but it doesn't mean that we need them. And we will not make stupid decisions to get to the -- to a number just because we have the cash. Thank you.
James K. Saccaro: Yes, just thinking about the IV therapy business, we did have a substantial buy in, in the first quarter of last year. That’s rough -- it was roughly a $15 million positive sales impact in the first quarter. So recognizing this is a low-single digit end user demand that was a -- that was certainly a departure which we’ve discussed in the past. And so as we look at our plans for the U.S business with respect to IV therapy, you will see a decline in the first quarter this year into double-digits. But then as we move to the back half of the year, in the second quarter it’s a more normal quarter, and then in the back half of the year, we do have the benefit of easy comps in large part because -- of some of that inventory coming out of the channel. So really that’s the sequencing that we expect to see during the year.
James K. Saccaro: Yes, great. Great. Yes, in terms of margin, but also in terms of actual sales growth, I do think it's important, David, you referenced something. Our operational sales growth this year is 3% to 4%. As you know, excludes the impact of cyclo, but it does include two important impacts. One is BREVIBLOC, we discussed this extensively, roughly $75 million. But then, we’ve also talked about this idea of historically exiting lower margin businesses. I mean, one of the items we pursued is kind of shrinking certain areas where there was little margin in our in-center HD business. But that’s roughly a $60 million impact. So thinking exclusively about sales growth, the 3% to 4% includes within it roughly a 130 basis points of impact that depress it in 2019 relative to the normalized rate of growth we will expect to see going forward. The second item, as it relates to margin expansion, this is one area we’ve been incredibly focused on over the last several years. And this year we will see further margin growth, but I will highlight that this year we’re faced with a number. Of very significant headwinds on the path to delivering this margin expansion. Cyclophosphamide, that’s roughly 1% of margin impact. BREVIBLOC, that’s -- sorry, BREVIBLOC is roughly 50 basis points of margin impact, and I should say cyclo is roughly 50 basis points. And then foreign exchange is roughly 30 basis points. So if we put these items together, we’re talking about again a 130 basis points of headwinds that we fight through on the way to the margin expansion that we will deliver. This year we had a number of headwinds as well. We’ve discussed those in the past and we were able to again deliver nice margin expansion in the face of that. So we don’t point to headwinds as a reason to not deliver margin expansion, but again it does depress margin expansion relative to the normal rate of growth.
James K. Saccaro: Yes, Robbie, you’re correct. This is a meaningful acceleration that we will see towards the back half of the year in the back three quarters, I should say. And there are a number of specific items impacting the first quarter growth. So we pointed to operational sales growth of 1% to 2%. But included in that, BREVIBLOC, the biggest impact that we’re going to see is, I believe, in the first quarter. Its roughly $35 million in sales, roughly 1.3 percentage points of growth. The IV buy-in, so we did see a very significant heightened buying pattern in the IV business. I referenced it moments ago. That’s about $15 million or roughly 50 basis points of growth. And then in-center HD, this exit that we pursued is another factor that’s depressing Q1 sales growth. That’s roughly $15 million. So again, as we look at this first quarter growth of 1% to 2%, we’ve almost 2.5 points of sales growth headwinds that are most pronounced in the first quarter of the year. Now transitioning that to an EPS discussion, quite simply $0.05 of BREVIBLOC, $0.01 of cyclo, $0.03 of FX and by the way FX is more of a first half phenomenon than a second half phenomenon. You put these items together and its significantly impacting the first quarter EPS. Furthermore, we’ve a number of benefits that start to accrue to the second half of the year. We’ve the easier comps in the U.S Medication Delivery business that I mentioned earlier. And then furthermore, we start to see the benefit of some of the new products and the acceleration there. Joe -- with Joe in his script referenced some of the great progress that we’re making and we’re pleased really across the board, but it's not overnight that these products come to bear, and so we do see a bigger impact in the second half of the year, on the way to an even bigger impact in 2020.
James K. Saccaro: So from an FDA standpoint, there is no resolution assumed in our 2019 numbers for resolution of the Claris warning letter. Obviously, that becomes an important component of our 2020 numbers. So to the extent that we get that resolved along the time frame we expect, then the long range plan that we have are intact with no change. We are looking for mitigation tactics in the event that, that does not occur. But as we look at 2020, that will be an important component for us to get resolved. As it relates to Latin America, yes, certainly there is a different dynamic in terms of tendering in Latin America versus certain other markets. And so, we have moved some volumes back to Latin America. We have clear line of sight to sales performance and where that's going to go. In some cases tenders have been one, but as opposed to going through that in a lot of detail, what I will tell you is we have a high level or a solid level of confidence in our ability to deliver some of the IV sales in the Latin America business.
James K. Saccaro: Yes, we have a -- we do have a higher interest expense year-over-year, so that's a few cents of impact. And there is really two factors in play. One is the rising interest-rate environment. But more than that, we have repurchased a significant number of shares. As we said in the past, we have opportunities to buy shares in the market and it's below the intrinsic value, we take advantage of that. In the fourth quarter, we did see a dislocation. We saw fairly meaningful moment in the stock price, but our long-term valuation of the shares was very much intact. We took the opportunity to produce a number of vehicles to repurchased shares. That has a share benefit in terms of share count for the full-year 2019. There is an offset to that, which is increased interest expense. Now as we look at the overall position for Baxter, the net debt situation, we are still significantly below one turn of net debt to EBITDA. And while we’ve said our long-term target is 2X net debt to EBITDA, what I will tell you is I believe we have more -- our main goal is to maintain a solid investment grade credit rating and I do believe we have more flexibility than that as we look at further capital deployment. So it doesn’t -- the share repo that we pursued in the fourth quarter really does not impact our business development or capital deployment strategy to any significant extent going forward, but it's a fair point about increased interest expense.
James K. Saccaro: Certainly, Danielle. Thanks for the question. As you know I do always focus on cash flow, it's a critical number for us. From a fourth quarter perspective in 2018, actually -- it actually was quite a good quarter, right? Operating cash flow growth of 50% nearly and free cash flow growth essentially double and we grew $270 million to over $500 million. So very solid performance. But cash flow is admittedly a number that it's very back end loaded. A lot of the activity, roughly 40% of the cash flow in the year comes in the fourth quarter and a large component of that comes in December. And whenever you try to forecast performance in a month, there is a lot of choppiness to that. And so we -- to your point, we did comment a little bit below our expectations. The reality is there were few factors in play. The sales mix came in a little bit different with more drugs and less devices. Some of the devices that we had earmarked to place in Q4 moved to Q1 with no implications to long-term revenues, solid customer demand. But like I say, it's difficult to anticipate exactly when devices will go out the door. And then the final factor which is an interesting one, is some of our sales over performance came in December and whenever that happens you get the inventory benefits to cash flow, but you don't get the payoffs in the receivable collection even if you have a 30 day DSO, you’re collecting -- if you make a sale in December, it's not going to show off until January. And so, you put all these factors in play, I mean, cash flow did come in a little bit below our expectations. But I will tell you anytime, we grow free cash flow 16%, 17%, which is basically what it was for the year, largely in line with earnings growth and I think it's a decent performance. And so as we look forward, we will have a solid -- we have solid line of sight. What I hope that we have made some improvements to our process to get a better handle on December, but we use the word approximate when we talk about cash flow guidance for this very reason, and it tends to be the most volatile number we forecast. But like I say, our conversion ratios are continuing on to a very good extent. This continues to remain a focus for our entire organization. And in fact, later on today, Joe and I have a meeting with our supply chain team, discussing our -- some improvements to our S&OP process. And we brought in a new leader to this area, supply chain, S&OP process is really the sales and operations planning process that we have at the company. So opportunity there, but, by and large, a very solid cash flow year.
James K. Saccaro: Certainly. So in the first quarter, you're right, Matt, BREVIBLOC is $35 million. It's like 1.3%. The IV buy-in and in-center HD are another two factors, adding about 1%. So it is a fairly substantial impact. I will stop short of adding those to the reported operational growth number to come up with this fictitious adjusted number. I don't want to do that, but you can certainly do that to get a more accurate long-term representation of what the growth rate will be. We try to be judicious at using adjusted financial measures here. But then from an EPS headwind standpoint, it's actually more than that, because BREVIBLOC is a $0.05 headwind. Cyclo is a $0.01 headwind. Now that's not included in the operational sales growth number, but it is, of course, included in the EPS number. So that's a $0.01 headwind. And then foreign exchange is also a $0.03 headwind. Now we’ve a number of good guys, things like share count and so on. But like I say, those are $0.09 of specific headwinds to the first quarter that, by and large, are the most pronounced in the first quarter of the year. So you point to we do have a bit of a decline in EPS in the first quarter before we see the acceleration. But really, those are the key factors that impact that. I would say that the IV buy-in is also probably about $0.01 of impact to earnings with the in-center HD is less than that because it is a low margin business. So that’s really the overview.
