Joe Almeida: Good morning, David. The business as we had predicted had a really tough comp in the first quarter, but we had confidence in our ability to secure current customers that have been with us for many years. So, we have re-signed all GPO agreements and for the most part we have signed a great deal of [IDM agreements] as well. The market is stable. We found opportunities to gain new customers, not only in the acute care market, but also in the OEM or contract manufacturing business that is important to us, help us in our facilities, but also improve the visibility of Baxter product line across all sets of care.When it comes to pumps, we have a very healthy pipeline. There is always pluses and minuses, but I would say at the moment the pluses are winning free handily, the opportunities that we have. But I’d tell you the new management group that we have put in the U.S. has done an extraordinary job in understanding the pipeline and the creation of value. Our spectrum version 9 is a wonderful pump; it’s a really good device with the number one best in-class drug library. And that has been very important to us in terms of having this product showcased for our customers.So, the business as we predicted is healthy. We’re going to continue to make progress and this continues to be our source of investment for ourselves. Our new pump platform is coming along extremely well and we’re very comfortable with the launch time line for it.
Joe Almeida: Yes, sure. Robbie, the whole thing about R&D was for us to create efficiency in the R&D line and the spending has not been very different than if you go back to 2016; it’s just a mix, where are we spending and how we are spending the money? So, we abandon large programs that had absolutely no return investment and we invest in significant opportunities in areas of medication delivery, acute Renal Care with our point of care in PD, as well as have some very quick turnaround new products in advanced surgery, some in the nutrition area. So, if you think about, we also have significant arbitrage in labor, because we created centers of excellence across the globe, but also, now we have a very large center in Bangalore, India we never had. So, it is well managed group.Our heads of R&D, led by our GPO leaders and Sumant Ramachandra who has overarching responsibility for the function have been very successful in reallocation of cost. I want to just tell investors, that we’re very focused in innovation and that fluctuation in spending is nothing other than being efficient and timings of the investments, nothing to do with us going and tightening the belt in R&D programs.
Joe Almeida: Well, if you think about our long-range plan, when you give a five-year plan, you always going to have put and takes and how you are going to make things happen, okay. You have the best intentions in the world, you have the best plans in the world, not everything works same way on the positive side or negative side. For instance, we didn’t plan to have our insulin product premixed approved as early as we did, we planned actually to have that approval towards the end of the year. That’s a plus for us, but other things worked the other way as well. So, when I look at the major forces that we have going on right now, you have a tremendous momentum in our peritoneal dialysis business. So, you know, just in terms of patient growth, we are experiencing a healthy growth in terms of patient.We don’t even have the executive order from the White House coming in and becoming a rule and there will be a transformation for the renal business, but just that, we experienced high-single-digit growth in patients in PD. So, that has an effect to our plan to offset many, many negatives that can appear in the future. So, I figured this moment that between everything that is happening in the market and the things that happened in Baxter that we can sit here and say well, we told you last year, we reconfirmed today, okay.
Joe Almeida: Sure. We have to the best of our ability scoped our project. Based on the interpretation of the executive order that we have, okay. And that is not final rule yet, and the comments will be complete in about 50 days, and after that the HHS has time to put the rule in place. So, based on what we know and interpreted from the executive order, we have a three-phase investment here. We have an investment where we can supply the market with the growth studies projected in the beginning, because this is the progress, remember this addresses the best market about 50% of the overall served market and then from that 50% there is a ramp, there is a period where clinics are given an opportunity to change their patterns between clinic, hemodialysis, and home therapy.So, based on that we can accommodate with some supply chain that we did extremely well about a year-and-a-half ago by relocating and reregistering products from all over the Americas so we can do that. Then there is a second phase where we do a small investment, more modest than – part of the 500, they give us incremental capacity all the way [indiscernible] starting to invest into a new plant. The investment will be, depends upon the time, sometimes concurrently done, but the effect of the throughput will be felt later – in later years. Remember, this is a seven-year program. So, we feel, as company, our responsibility, moral responsibility to our customers and more so to the patients is to be there for this opportunity. So, we’re going to make everything possible to not be a problem during the ramp up that is so aggressively laid out in the executive order.
Joe Almeida: As we look at the pharmaceuticals business to your point, we’ve had a very solid performance in the first half of the year, and a lot of that was driven by great performance in our compounding business outside the U.S. We do expect that – and that business grew in the first half of the year in 20%, very significant. As we move to Q3 and Q4, we don't expect to see that level of accelerated performance in the back half, so that really is the primary driver that takes the former growth rate down.But I will tell you, we’re very pleased with the performance in this area. It's been a great source of over achievement for us and steady growth and, you know, with things like Myxredlin on the horizon, which will benefit future years, along with some of the premixed injectables and the Claris portfolio, which has been selling well here in the U.S. Overall, you know, this has been a very solid performer for us.
Joe Almeida: Larry, the opportunities that we’re having are mostly, mostly related to the strength of our version 9 of our pump. Its operability, it’s our drug library, so we have customers who have been our customers for a long time and start with them to renew their like – innovation and evolution of the product and they just buy it. There's always opportunity when there is a problem with a competitor in the market. If that problem is perceived to be more permanent than temporary, so we need to think about, as we look at our Advanced Surgery business, that is going to be a – probably a temporary gain until the competitor comes back on the market, and because our product is so good, the FLOSEAL is the best product on the market.There is opportunity to retake ups, right? So, the same applies for the infusion pumps. You know it depends upon how permanent, how temporary the issue is that competitors are having. But I think the success that we’ve been having is, first of all, a very good sales effort, new team completely focused on pipeline, second is the ability to demonstrate the technical superiority of our drug library, compared to the competitors. To your point on the new platform, no, there are customers who need the product now, they will take the product now.I just want to let you know that LVP, which is a large volume parenterals pump, which is what we have to-date, remember we don't have any other pump, that’s what we have today, the guts of the new pump, all are different, are more modern and will be a horizontal pump. But, but work flow, the drug library, all the features are the same, meaning you have a new product with phenomenal operability, but also has a great pumping mechanism in the new pump platform. We have a great pump mechanism today, Version 9, and the operability is the sane, so the customers have a lot to gain Baxter launches the other pumps, which are part of the same family, with the same interoperability.So, it will be a new platform on the market that has that capability and I think that customers can see that going forward. If they need the pump now, there’s nothing that they are losing on this current version versus the new platform for the large volume parenterals, but what we will bring into the market is not only syringe – patient, patient-controlled [indiscernible] PCA as well as in 12 months from the launch of their first one is ambulatory. So, I hope this answers the answer to your question and put our investor at easy that there is no business being postponed because we don't have the NTP today.
Joe Almeida: Hi, good morning. Our Pharmaceutical business is – our strategy is starting to take shape. It took a little bit. We have built a second-to-none formulation team between India and Northern Illinois, very talented vis-a-vis now our partnership to launch the insulin product, that's Med, and this is just the beginning of our very long pipeline. When it comes to Claris, or what we call [Baxter Metabot] we are doing everything that we have spoken to the FDA and have told the FDA we’re going to do. It’s up to the FDA to lift or to inspect us again, and provide us with their feedback, okay. But nevertheless, we are de-risking any Claris opportunity for future by having ultimate supplies for almost everything that we make there. And also, for the future molecules, we are de-risking that by going to CMOs instead and having Claris possibly as a backup in the future.There is one molecule that I won’t read – speak about, the name of the molecule, but that molecule we're developing in [Metabot], but also, we’re going to have a pilot operation in our Illinois facilities, so we can have possibly a backup. This is more of a longer term. So, we’re doing not only everything that we told the FDA we’re going to do remediate the one letter that was given to us the day that we bought the company, but also, we are doing everything we can to de-risk any future revenue stream. Now, the performance of the business is doing very well, its double-digit growth. That business is resilient, is doing well and is not only U.S., but is also in Europe, that is doing well. So, this is the state of our Pharmaceutical business.
Joe Almeida: We have done a couple of things. We accelerated the development and placed the molecules from the future that we think in any case we’ll be able to offset any negatives that will come out of a potential and I cannot actually rate likely or unlikely because I’m not the FDA. So right now, our plans are for 2021. If it happens, if we get the clearance and can commercialize products that are new on [file] from the plant, it will be great. We’ll follow our plan. If that has any postponement for whatever reason, we have backup plans that will probably not alter the trajectory of that business.
Joe Almeida: Matt, you think about this. If you read the executive order, is the significant amount of interpretations and things that buried in and that's why they have the comment and that’s why the rule is not there yet. But think about this today, we are 12% penetrated in PD in the United States. Remember this is our home, there’s three pillars to it. Two of them are interconnected, which is a transplantation process and number of available kidneys to be transplanted with a lot of incentives not only – in terms of healthcare insurance for donors and things like that all way to moving from the clinic to the home, two different modalities from human dialysis and PD. Baxter is a leader with close to 70% of the market share in PD on a global basis in U.S. around the same number, okay.So, if its 12% in the U.S. and there's a 50% population that is being targeted for demonstrating, if you look at the targets of the government, it’s not inconceivable to think about double patients just in the period of demonstration within the seven years of the demonstration period. So, it tells you that you would double the incident patients, not the prevalent, but the incident patients going forward. That’s how we have done some of our analysis, but our plans are flexible, so we can flex up the investment if we need to or flex down the investment because it’s progressive.There is Phase 1 with no investment, Phase 2 with some investment, Phase 3, which is to build a new plant, all of them will launch very similarly in time because they have different lead times for execution. But those are designed to support the program as it was designed, but as I said to you, if this rule comes out in November, we will have the ability to adjust our plans, but right now, we want to ensure that the government knows, our investor knows, our patients and customer know that we are committed to the program and we’ll do everything possible to help patients get the therapy that they deserve and for us as a company to grow in this sector, which is so important and has been so underestimated and underpenetrated for so many years, not only in the US, but across the globe.
Joe Almeida: Well, we are here waiting for decision from – actually not from HHS, but probably from between the HHS and the scoring process that happens at the budget office. So, we know as much as you do, but we are excited about the possibility and we have several different avenues to get Theranova in the U.S. Most importantly, we have agreed with the FDA on the novel process and this challenge that we have at our plant in the US will be timely resolved, and the plant – one of the issues that we had with the plant, we tried to ramp up the plat too fast because our dialysis volume went up between two different forecast, and when we tried to do the ramp up, we encountered some issues because the plant was underutilized at that moment. But with this, no, not all bad, few things good come out of it, and one of them is that we’re going to be fully staffed and equipped on our order lines plant in Opelika to be able to have the ability to produce Theranova when it’s needed.
Jay Saccaro: Sure. With respect to our biosurgery business, yes, we did comment on some upside that we experienced in the second quarter. We don’t like to forecast competitor outages, so we don’t maintain long-term assumptions on that. However, if we have very clear visibility to a short-term situation emerging, we will reflect that in our guidance. So, as we think about advanced surgery, there is roughly two months of upside that we’re counting on in our numbers as we sit here today. So, we’ll expect that to continue for a couple of months. If it continues further than that, of course, we will be available to supply our customers, but we’re not counting on anything more than that.We’ve talked previously about how exciting the insulin-Myxredlin launch is. It’s a new presentation of our workforce product for hospitals absolutely thrilled, the size of the market is significant, it’s over a $100 million market, I mean hospitals in the U.S. So, this represents a very viable long-term opportunity for us. As it relates to this year’s guidance, we have single digit millions built-in basically nothing built into our guidance at this point. In large part, we want to be cautious in terms of launch timing, preparing, and having adequate supply available when we actually go to market. So, no meaningful impact this year, but stay tuned as we give guidance for 2020. This will have a more meaningful impact in those numbers.
Jay Saccaro: Robbie, it has been a very, very busy first half analyzing opportunities. The way we have allocated capital inorganically is not very different than how we allocate organically. We do have focus in area of monitoring in the areas of acute Renal Care and critical care. We also are very focused in looking at individual molecules. So, what I’m going to say to our investors is, think about Baxter adding value with the small tuck-ins as we look for the right opportunity and valuation for a larger deal. It is very, very rich, right now the market is frothy and we are not going to compromise on the returns of this acquisition.Every acquisition has, they larger they get, the inherent risk is enormous and we all understand that, we all take risk, but there is a point where the cost of investing in that asset and the price valuations are so [out of whack] that you cannot make internal rate of return of low single digits, it doesn’t work, it doesn’t work. And then if anything goes wrong, the FDA comes about and tells that a product that you have has a compound that is made into the product that doesn’t work, now your whole evaluation of that target is under scrutiny, you’ve got to be very careful with this and understand your target.I think Baxter is surprising to our investors. How much opportunity there was and there is and there will be in our base businesses and how we have the opportunity to innovate and continue to maintain number one position in most of our businesses and watch us in the pump business, watch us there because we are coming out with a great platform of pumps and monitoring devices. So, the thing is, let add to those inorganically as tuck-ins, let’s not think about all the time this huge capital investment in allocation into assets that are overly expensive. And I tell you something else, we will continue to acquire our shares prudently, while we see the prices are there, because we are not going to sit on cash as I said to you, cash is not going to burn a hole in our pocket.
Jay Saccaro: Remember the last time we gave guidance, the dynamic in the Medication Delivery business shifted quite a bit, and we’ve been able to reconfirm our long-term expectations despite that shift as a result of strength in many different areas in the portfolio and general buoyancy of the new product pipeline along with great product progress in areas like PD and successful adoption there. So, I think it’s too early to start changing LRP’s at this point. We will consider doing that at some point in the future, but on balance we were very pleased with the quarter. We were pleased with the signs of operational strength along with some of the longer-term good pieces of news that we’ve been able to either de-risk or add to the story.
Jay Saccaro: Sure. As we look at the Q2 to Q3 story, there are a couple of factors to keep in mind. One is the dialyzers impacted us about $0.01 in Q2, but as we moved to Q3, that will ramp up a little bit somewhere between $0.02 and $0.03 of impact. The second prominent driver relates to tax rate. We’ll see a really substantial uptick in tax from Q2 to Q3, that’s somewhere around $0.08 or $0.09. So, it really does match some of the strong operational performance.Now, I have to say hats off to the tax team for great work in terms of optimizing the tax rate and allowing us to capitalize on opportunities that emerge and really think about how we organize our operations effectively in a tax efficient manner. So, we saw a benefit in Q1 and Q2, but we don’t expect to see that in Q3 and Q4 to the same extent. So, the tax rate in the third and fourth quarter kicks up to roughly [19-ish percent] from the [12-ish percent] that we’ve had year-to-date. So, that’s really the – those are some of the primary drivers. We’ll see continued operational strength that helps support and offset those items, but that really is the big – those are the big drivers as we move from Q2 to Q3.
Jay Saccaro: Great. We’re really pleased with the performance in the Asia-Pacific region, 9% growth coming – it was really strength across the board. You know we’ve grown a custom to solid performance coming from China in the quarter, you know, 7% plus growth from that particular business. But what perhaps has been more surprising based on historical commentary from Baxter is the fact that we had a tremendous performance in Japan, high single-digit growth coming from our Japanese business, and it’s really a combination of factors in play.Looking at the other areas, you know, solid performance in Southeast Asia, we’ve had a great business in Australia and New Zealand for the med. We’ve been there for many, many years, double-digit growth there, a lot of that benefiting from compounding. But what I will tell you is this is a combination of commercial execution along with the benefits of new product launches. We’ve talked quite a bit about the impact of Kaguya. We are seeing continued momentum in patient gains in Japan and this is, you know that’s a great driver for us. But I think across the region, there is examples of innovation, but like I said, commercial excellence that have really contributed to this performance. On a full-year basis, we’ll expect this to come down a little bit from a growth rate standpoint, but not materially. So, overall, you know, great performance from the team in Asia.
