James Saccaro: We do. Robbie, we went through an analytic exercise based on the evolution of the environment over the last four to six weeks. We went through an analytic exercise and we looked at, first of all, the overall quantum of improvement over the LRP, that 350 to 400, the expected sales compounded growth rate of 4% to 5%, along with the free cash flow conversion. We looked at all of that. In addition, we looked at 2023 and the statements that we made. We validated all of those statements, that those are intact, relative to where things currently sit. So, based on the challenging environment that we've experienced, I was pleased that we're able to confirm that at this point.  Listen, if European gas gets shut off in the winter, if that situation exacerbates and takes a further toll, a further step down on the supply chain, who knows what will happen? But as we sit here today, based on what we know and the current rates and the current expectations around chips and so on, we feel good about the long range plan commitment, albeit starting off the lower base. 
James Saccaro: The updated LRP is off the lower base. So, it was a relative improvement from 2022. Vijay, the factors that I listed, the $0.45, I suspect that a number of them will be transitory, okay? But as we've thought about the modeling, we really don't have enormous easing of some of these constraints that we've seen. So, let's see how that evolves over time. But for now, what we're able to do is confirm the growth against this lower level.
James Saccaro: A lot of this comes down to staffing availability. I think that's been the primary driver that we've seen in terms of – we've seen a bit of an expansion in terms of installations on our care solution. So hospital beds, care communication, some of those items, it's taking longer – the installation process has been taken longer as a result of some of the staffing shortages that we've outlined in the prepared remarks. And then, Joe, again – we don't see at this stage a substantive change to the appetite for capital at hospitals. But we're watching this very carefully. And we're watching to ensure that the delays that we're seeing are related to staffing versus budget constraints or something like that. We've tried to take a cautious forecast through the balance of the year, which protects us in the event that there's some further shortage impacts. But that's what we said.  Now as far as pumps, we're not selling an enormous number of pumps, in large part because of the constraints on electromechanical components. So, that's a huge challenge that we're faced with until we resolve that at some point here in the future.
James Saccaro: Looking at that, I think there's a few things in play. First of all, the fourth quarter of the year is typically our highest margin quarter as a result of incremental sales. And so, if we look at the cadence between the third and fourth quarter of the year, we add well over $100 million in sales. And given that, there is a fairly substantial fixed cost base at a company like ours. Those sales tend to flow through at a much higher margin than the corporate average. So, if you look at the last few years, the fourth quarter is normally higher. Now, that's not always the case. But generally speaking, it's normally higher than the third quarter as a result of these incremental sales.  The second thing is, listen, we take the preservation of the P&L very seriously. And so, while we weren't able to offset the extreme challenges that we've seen, we have offset a portion of those through some cost actions that we're taking. And many of those cost actions, the benefit of those accrues more to the fourth quarter than the third quarter. So, I think, perhaps, those are the two primary drivers that lead to the fourth quarter accelerated versus the third.  And then, the final thing I would say is, we are ramping on the Hillrom synergy side throughout the year. That's been an area that's been going quite well. But each quarter that rolls on, we're adding synergies. So, that's another factor that comes to bear on the fourth quarter in excess of the third on our way to achieving the long term goal that we outlined at the Investor Day. 
James Saccaro: As it relates to the cadence of earnings, we're committed to the floor of 75 basis points of margin improvement in any given year. And also, as you point out, we're looking at double-digit earnings growth compounded over the period of the plan. 2023, there's two factors in play. Right now, the operating margin expansion, barring meaningful improvements in some of these exogenous factors, will be towards the lower end versus the average rate that we expect to see over the term of the plan, but above the 75 basis points.  The second thing that impacts 2023 in the short term is, given some of the rate hikes that we're seeing from the Fed, you do have that interest expense impacting the 2023 numbers, as we rapidly look to deleverage over the next few years. So that's another factor that comes to bear. So I would say that the 2023 earnings will be a bit below the compounded growth for the overall plan period. 
James Saccaro: Looking to 2023, as we think about 2023 sales, there's a couple of factors, headwinds and tailwinds, that are in play here. One headwind for next year is COVID vaccines. We expect that to be a reduction to next year. So that's one factor, and that really hasn't changed since our Investor Day. In addition to that, we don't expect that the chip shortage will be fully alleviated. So we think that will continue to depress the demand to some extent, as we move through next year. Now, I'm hopeful that this will provide an upside for us. But at this point, I don't necessarily see that alleviating.  And then finally, we do hope to have a large volume pump available for the marketplace in 2023. We're extremely excited about all of the work that's going into that, and what that means for the future of our company. So we're hopeful that we will have that to bring to bear in 2023, which would be an upside.  As it relates to margin going into 2023, I guess the big thing I would say is, we are assuming many of the factors that we're experiencing today remain at essentially current levels. And so, we are not anticipating a major alleviation in these product categories. So, that's going to be a continued factor. I'm hopeful that this resolves over time as well, but we've trying to be very, not pessimistic per se, but ultra-realistic as we're looking at the situation. And then, in addition to that, we'll have the continued benefit of Hillrom synergies rolling through to next year's results as a tailwind.  So, that's a little bit of color as we're seeing things shakeout to 2023, but we continue to watch this very carefully.
James Saccaro: There should be some paid down. Larry, wildcard, what does the Fed do with rate increases, but as we currently see it.
James Saccaro: Larry, the answer is yes. We get benefits. So, we have been severely impacted by a lot of factors. So, the worldwide stress on the supply chain, the inability of our suppliers to supply and that shows up all over the operations of our company. If we do get alleviation of diesel rates, if we get alleviation of the global supply chain crunch, which would allow us to use less expedited freight, if we're able to see some improvement in material inflation, and finally, and perhaps most importantly, if we can run our plants consistently with the products and the inputs that they need, then, yes, the situation will be significantly better than it is today.  Now, the way we've modelled this, as we look to the second half of the year, we are assuming some level of shutdown. We're assuming elevated rates, continued use of expedited freight. So we've got all that embedded. And that's embedded in much of our thinking for 2023. We should get this back at some point. And so, I'm optimistic that this will turn. I just don't know when, and we're not prepared to call that at this stage.
James Saccaro: And to add to that, Larry, if we have normalized back order/backlog levels, that's another tailwind. And we're not there yet. We're not anticipating that we get there in the near term. But to the extent that we secure the critical components that we have, then we'll be able to see some sales uplift as well. 
James Saccaro: I think, by the way, we will conclude with this question. So, appreciate everybody joining us today. Here's the interesting thing. While the short term has been extremely volatile, as we look at the acquisition of Hillrom, we are very excited about the long-term prospects. So much of the issue that we're seeing relates to shortfalls and components at this point. But as we laid out the strategy for this business over the long term, from a revenue standpoint, from an integration standpoint, all of those elements are in place and continue to excel. Our synergies are doing better than expected. We reflected that in the financials that we've shared with you for this year. Longer term, tremendous opportunity in terms of product combinations. We are really excited about the innovation potential. So, what I would say is a lot has changed since May. And nobody appreciates that more than me. But what has not changed is our real excitement about the acquisition and where we can take it over the long term.  So, we didn't really have revenue synergies meaningfully in the second quarter, but didn't expect that. But as we move forward, the plan in terms of the revenue synergies that we outlined is very much intact.  Now, as we think about conservatism and things of that nature, I guess what I would say is we've taken a perspective on the worldwide situation that we're currently facing, and reflected that in the forecast that we share. And so, where I think there might be some opportunity is, to Larry's question, if diesel improves, if all of the work that we're doing to secure electronic components is successful, those kinds of things are the things that would drive us above this forecast. I think it's an accurate portrayal of kind of where we sit. I'm just hopeful that this situation that we're in, well, I know that, over time, it will resolve. I just can't answer at this point how quickly that will occur. 
James Saccaro: So with that, I think we appreciate everybody joining us today and we will conclude the call and are obviously available as always for follow-ups. Thank you all very much for joining. 
José Almeida: Vijay, when we look at Baxter, let me take this in two portions. We have experienced significant shortages of semiconductors. And the semiconductors – and sometimes, we all read in the news, the semiconductor business may alleviate as consumer goods will decline due to recession, potential recession, inflation and so forth.  We as a company and many, many people in the medical devices use chips that are not the same chips used in consumer goods, and that varies by nanometers. You probably know this as well. We use thicker chips, chips that have embedded software. Our suppliers – we have a half a dozen suppliers. And one of these suppliers has been a real problem. And coincidentally, this supplier is one that supplies most of our frontline care products. This is not an issue in our [indiscernible] but more so into our frontline care. And also affects our ability to make Sigma Spectrum pump, as Jay mentioned.  So, we need to separate that. So when it comes to capital, we have not seen a widespread change in demand. What we saw in the second quarter are fewer accounts that moved the implementation and the justification was more on staff shortages and the ability to really deploy them to get the products installed, which requires manpower and they were short in that area.  We look conservatively at this. We look at our business in many dimensions. We have a very healthy backlog at the moment. Very, very healthy. I can sit here today and say that, if I had enough chips, we could produce a significant amount of revenue due to pumps, monitors and other devices that we have.  One of the things that bite us twice in this conversation is not having the chips is the ability to program and plan your factories accordingly because it becomes a real ramp at the end of the quarter when the supplier sends us a bunch of chips, and then we assemble them and we get them out of the door as soon as possible. So, it has been a real tricky situation.  It seems to – that we see the light at the end of the tunnel as we start to make progress with some of our suppliers. But we're sitting here today, I would say the demand is strong. This is the headline. Second is the chip – the semiconductor situation is very fluent. Third is that we have the capability to put those products on the market and have the demand for them as soon as we've got the product, the components shipped to us. So, I want to make sure that those two things are separate.  Capital has slowed down. We haven't seen that. Our backlog, as I said, has been all-time high in both business. However, we had people postpone installations in the second quarter due to staff shortage, as we were told. 
José Almeida: As a matter of fact, we have significant demand for pumps. We just cannot take the orders and we cannot make the products because we don't have the semiconductors going in.  But I want to also to underscore what Jay said. When it comes to capital, capital is not the same for every hospital system. The hospital systems, they are large, they have the capacity to move forward. So we are observing very rapidly what is happening. So, is this postponement of capital issue or supply or staffing issues. Right now, the information that we have is a staffing issue, and those are the smaller accounts that we saw in the second quarter. We have large installations coming in third and fourth quarter, will be a telling point how those go through in the third and fourth quarter.
José Almeida: Historically, we have realized price increases in the US as part of our standard contracting process. This is normal practice increases. We have taken pricing actions to date, and they are reflected in our 2022. They can offset 100% of our incremental cost. So, therefore, we additionally, right now, are preparing the implementation of a second wave of actions in response to the significant price increases that we have received from our suppliers and our cost increase, Jay outlined in the beginning of the call, in terms of the labor cost and other internal costs, fuel costs, and energy costs and everything. So, we're putting an additional cost increase. At the moment, we're planning to start rolling out the second wave to customers on a global basis, by the way, not only US, in most of our businesses in the coming weeks.  The actions that we're intending right now are to help offset a portion of the significant cost increase that we have, a portion, and doesn't cover everything. But we are determined to go through a second wave of price increases, price actions, I would say – better defined as price actions – throughout the company because of the incremental unprecedented cost increase that we are receiving right now.
José Almeida: Listen, when we think about our portfolio management, it's something very actively in our minds. Some are easily executed than others. We have a couple of areas we're working very diligently. One of them is a much faster process, the other one is a little longer. And we're looking at feasibility of the second one, which is a little longer at the moment. It's all about making sure that Baxter is set up for the future. This portfolio actions that we're going to take and are currently examining are long-lasting initiatives to make sure that Baxter is aligned in allocating capital to the businesses that will be connected to our strategy and our vision in terms of the digital work that we're doing in healthcare, with our ability to deploy our technology across the globe. And right now, Baxter has some businesses that fall – not fall outside our main area of vision. So we're looking at those. I don't have any news about the nature of these businesses. We're probably going to have one action later this year. The second one, we're still analyzing, because of the complexity. 
José Almeida: Let me talk about the backlog and Jay will supplement my answer and go to the second part of the question, Joanne. Our backlog has been growing primarily in frontline care. So let me define what we think – how we define backlog because we have two things going on. One is backlog and one is back order.  Our back border is all time high. And what is back order? It is when we take an order and we cannot fulfill 100% of that order. The order is still pending in the system. As soon as we get inventory in the warehouse, it gets shipped to that customer. So, that is all time high at the moment at most probably sevenfold what normally we would see.  Backlog is something new actually because if we don't have to assemble pumps, those pumps don't get into a backlog system. Baxter never used that system, but backlog comes with Hillrom and it's very appropriate for them to look at their business such as this, which is future orders put in the system for delivery in the future. We've been accumulating significant backlog in our frontline care. Right now, we have significant demand, primarily now with the graduation of med school students and students going back. It's one point that we do with that part of the business, [indiscernible] business. There are other parts of our business, monitors as well, that we feel if we had those chips would have significant revenue increase in the future.  So, we're planning, as we receive those chips, the situation eventually normalizes, the backlog will come back to normal levels. I would say that our backlog today are multiple times what was used to be called normal for Hillrom. And we have also a healthy backlog in our bed system, the traditional Hillrom. So I want to make sure that you all know that backlog is something new for us. We're going to be talking every call about that and we're telling you right now that backlog is multiple times what is considered normal for Hillrom and Baxter.
José Almeida: I would just add that we're also excited about the syringe pump that may come faster in terms of approval. They are the large volume parenteral pump, which is the LVP. So, the update is that we are under active review with the FDA on Novum IQ syringe infusion pump. And the large volume infusion pump, it is pending, our response to the FDA additional information request, which we are expecting to respond within this calendar year. And hopefully, both pumps will satisfy the FDA's questions, and hopefully, we can get them approved. But we're excited about the launch of both.
José Almeida: Yeah, we have about probably close to 20,000 Novum pumps, large volume pumps in inventory. Yet more will be made preparing for the hopeful launch this year and full next year sales. So, we're working very close to our suppliers, but this is very different. This is a next generation chip, a new generation chip versus what is in Sigma Spectrum.
José Almeida: I'd just underscore the fact that we will have benefits. So, if diesel cuts – goes down 20%, 25%, this directly impacts our ability to ship products, so ship for less money, affects our renal business profitability, as well as surcharges that we're currently getting from our suppliers on every invoice that we pay for shipment of products. So, that is a potential tailwind if the situation turns. We're watching that very closely. But Jay said, we want to make sure that you have a picture of the future as we see today, as we also understand the trends on the market.
