Clare Trachtman: Good morning and welcome to our fourth quarter 2021 earnings conference call. Joining me today are Joe Almeida, Baxter's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Jay Saccaro, Baxter's Chief Financial Officer; and Giuseppe Accogli, Baxter's Chief Operating Officer. On the call this morning, we will be discussing Baxter's fourth quarter and full year 2021 financial results along with our financial outlook for 2022. With that, let me start our prepared remarks by reminding everyone that this presentation, including comments regarding our financial outlook for the first quarter and full year 2022, including the anticipated impact of COVID and inflationary pressures on this outlook, the recent acquisition of Hillrom, including anticipated cost synergies from future net leverage targets, new product developments or launches, business development and regulatory matters, contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. And of course, our actual results could differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filings for more details concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. In addition, on today's call, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Baxter's ongoing business performance. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures being discussed today to the comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings release issued this morning and available on our website. As mentioned in our press release this morning, following Baxter's acquisition of Hillrom on December 13, 2021, Baxter's fourth quarter and full year 2021 financial results include Hillrom financial results for the last 19 days of the quarter ended December 31, 2021. Hillrom financial results for these periods are reported as the new operating segment in addition to Baxter's existing three geographic segments. On the call this morning, we will be discussing operational sales growth, which for the fourth quarter and full year 2021 adjusts for the impact of foreign exchange, the December 2021 acquisition of Hillrom and the February 2021 acquisition of the rights to Caelyx and Doxil for specified territories outside of the U.S. Later in the call, Jay will discuss our guidance for the first quarter and full year 2022. Operational sales growth for 2022 will exclude the impact of foreign exchange and the acquisition of Hillrom. Historical 2021 quarterly sales for Hillrom have been posted to the Investors section of our website. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Joe.
Clare Trachtman: Sure. Joanne, it's about $100 million, a little north of $100 million is what COVID revenues this year.
Clare Trachtman: Yes. And that's specific to surgical procedures, Joanne. So again, down kind of that mid-single digit, low- to mid-single digits in the first quarter and improving throughout the rest of the year. With respect to admission, we kind of have a plan versus kind of those pre-COVID levels down kind of in that low-single digits really throughout the course of this year.
Jay Saccaro: Sure. Robbie, there are a few impacts that we're seeing in 2022 relative to previous LRP expectations. The good news from my perspective is a lot of these issues are short term in nature, many of them related to the Omicron variant and some of the challenges that's created in our manufacturing facilities and supply chain. So, if you think about it, over the last six weeks, we've seen increases in our expectations around expedited freight. We've seen some increases in expectations related to supply chain labor costs, in part related to absenteeism in the plants. We've also seen a bit more inflation. And then finally, we've had a back-order situation that really is some of the highest levels of back orders, both on the Baxter side and the Hillrom side that we've ever seen. And so, from my standpoint, we have weathered a very challenging short-term environment, some of that featured in our Q4 results. But it clearly impacts our Q1 and as a result, the full expectations for 2022. And so, what's interesting is we are seeing improvements in absentee levels at our plants. We are also seeing supply chain situation improve as we speak. So, all of these things, we believe, are short term in nature, but they definitely impact the first quarter and then also the second quarter from a margin standpoint before we get back to a trajectory which is much more normal and much more in line with our expectations in the third and fourth quarter. I think as we take a step back, look, we acknowledge there is some disruption in the short term, but really, really like the durability of the business along with the pathway we have going forward over the course of this year and then the future years. So really that – and then as it relates to Q1, the issues are most pronounced and really centered on Q1. We won't resolve the back-order issues until at some point in Q2. Furthermore, we won't get out of an expedited freight situation for a few more months here. So that's really why Q1 is where it is, and then we start to see improvements as we move forward.
Jay Saccaro: Sure. Good question, Vijay. The Hillrom business, our expectation is mid-single digit constant currency growth. As I said earlier in my prepared remarks, Baxter is approximately 4% operational growth with the real [indiscernible] it's not a demand-related item, it really is related to back orders in the first and second quarter. And as I said, we hope to resolve those throughout the year. So, the Baxter side, we're talking about approximately four. Hillrom is mid-single-digit constant currency. And then the reported growth, I think, that there's some rounding going on, on both the Baxter side and the overall reported revenue growth side that leads you to the numbers that you're looking at. But as we look at it, we see Hillrom in the mid-single digits.
Jay Saccaro: Vijay, just to close out on your question, we have roughly year-over-year $50 million worth of headwind in our DPS business related to vaccines. And then as we look at admissions and procedures, we expect those to normalize throughout the year. But in the first quarter, they are down a bit low, perhaps low, mid-single-digit impacts in the first quarter of the year. So down approximately 4% as we see it today. Now from a COVID impact standpoint, I'm not speaking to the back-order situation and the situation that we've seen in the plant. I'm viewing that separately. It's more of a supply chain-related issue. But from a demand standpoint, those are the key items impacting sales in 2022.
Jay Saccaro: Sure. From an EPS standpoint, there is definitely a good contribution from Hillrom as we look at it year-over-year. And if you think about 2021 Q1 actual $0.76. But really between some price impact, some inflationary impacts and freight, we're talking about roughly $0.15 of negative impact. And what we would normally expect to see on the Baxter side is really substantial organic volume growth to offset that. We see some of that, but it's not sufficient enough to really carry the day in terms of driving the normalized levels of earnings growth and power that we expect from the business. So, we're not seeing that organic volume pick up in part because of the supply chain situation, which, as I said, should normalize throughout the year. And then Hillrom is north of $0.10 in terms of contribution in the quarter, which is something that is – it's a great add. The business is impacted is well thought by some of these supply chain issues. And so Hillrom's growth accelerate throughout the year as well.
Jay Saccaro: We will have the opportunity to share more about this at the upcoming Investor Day, including some quantification of revenue potential and some refreshment of the financial long-term outlook for the combined company.
Jay Saccaro: So on the cost side, we previously shared $250 million in expectations by year three as part of really focusing on certain G&A areas and procurement opportunities and so on. And what I will tell you is we are very comfortable with that number and as we learn more, we're getting increasingly comfortable. So there have been no negative surprises as we think about the cost synergy opportunity. So this one has been very much according to plan. I think we've been really pleased with the talent that we've seen at Hillrom, the processes. So there's a lot of great opportunity there and thoughts that we can leverage. But as far as the cost synergy goes, its right in line with where we hoped it would be, if not trending even more positive.
Jay Saccaro: Sure. We have – we're down roughly 4% on surgical procedures and admissions. And then we have that improving throughout the year to be perhaps slightly below towards the end of the year and on a full year basis relative to 2019 normalized levels. We're not banking on a significant new variants. So that's an important assumption that underlies our guidance. And we're not banking on that both from a revenue side and also from a supply chain disruption side. We don't have any line of sight that, that's going to be a phenomenon that we have to deal with. And we certainly hope we won't have to deal with that through the remainder of 2022. So really, the story is down 4%, a lot of that relates to Omicron and then it improves throughout the balance of the year.
Jay Saccaro: So we've included guidance – we've included in our guidance revenues for NOVUM and really prominently in the second half of the year that reflects the successful launch of the product. As always, if that changes we're happy to adjust that moving forward. As far as specific volumes, I don't know that I would get into too much detail on specific amounts. But to the extent that the pump is deferred, we've been able to offset that either with sales of spectrum or other product sales. So it's definitely underlying in our guidance.
Joe Almeida: Vijay good morning. We are working on those opportunities, and we'll have more on that when we speak to the – to our investors at our Investor Day. But let me give you three different examples. The first one is a short-term opportunity that we have is our home peritoneal dialysis and [indiscernible] remote monitoring. Bringing them together is a very short-term opportunity that we have, will give us insight into fluid overload and also the workflow of current PD patients and allows us to do Bluetooth-enabled vitals and analytics integrated with a share source, reducing then the potential burden for patients and more proactive and accurate management of patients. This is a very short term. The [indiscernible] alarm systems, midterm one to two years, bringing together delivery of digitalization of alarms from the Baxter infusion pumps, CRT devices. Starling is our monitoring platform to both. Bringing that together improves the workflow in med search, for instance, ICU, pharmacy and other parts of the hospital. Just some benefits would be fatigue reduction transition from reaction to proactive. So, you can see things ahead of time, creates a much better environment for the nursing staff who will be focused on what actually matters versus alarm overload. So, we think that is a good opportunity to bring to get both the platforms and both these are very important part of the platform that Hillrom has. And then on a long term, we're going to closed-loop fluid management system, which is how do you actually monitor from a series of inputs, including hourly urine output, to the infusion pumps output, and alarms and types of drugs, bringing our monitoring together and all the information that comes out of the smart beds. How do we create an environment that reduces significant load to the clinician and alarms to the clinician when problems are really arising and preventing, eventually preventing some of the bad outcomes to happen? Those are just three examples of things that we are working on, and there is much more that we had a significant amount of workshops that one is specific with a significant amount of ideas. So, I'm very excited about that.
Joe Almeida: Pito, this is something that we comment very little. Our pricing is a strategy that the company has. We have pricing built into our contracts. What we're looking at here is an exceptional amount of extra cost the company has to carry on the expedited freight, the ability to get components in the door, inflation and labor as well as the components that are coming in. So we will selectively decide where we're putting those costs – those price increases. They will come in different forms, but we're not going to specifically speak about geography. We know that we have put them in our plan, and we'll be executing on to them.
Joe Almeida: Larry, good morning. We want to file this last set of documentations, which the FDA will have 31 days to provide a response to us, okay? So this is not the beginning of the application. This is the end. So to that end, we want to make sure we have some new set of eyes. We looked at the whole application, it looks really good. But there were areas that we think we could do better. Cybersecurity is one of them that we want to be always top decile when it comes to that. So we went back and made some adjustments and improvements, and that took time. So we will be filing with the FDA hopefully soon. And we're expecting that to be 31 days after that, we'll have the answer on our large volume parenteral LVP pump. And they are following that, we're going to apply the same 31 days at the end of it for the syringe pump and related software that will be our enterprise software as well as software controls, the pumps, the way they work with the networks. So that's pretty straightforward. We are doing the best we can to get the best chance to get this product. I don't speak on behalf of the FDA, I never do. I don't have any control on the internal process. One thing that we can control is the quality of the application that we have. And to that end, we want to make sure that we increase our probability to be high as possible before it goes in for those 31 days.
Joe Almeida: Larry, we – when we started transformation on Baxter, we had three very specific areas of improvement. I would say four, not three, four. First is to bring the company into profitability state, put us with – close to our peers and transform the company's ability to generate free cash flow. The second was most importantly, the culture of the company bringing the right talent to get the culture going. The third was innovation, and we just spoke about it getting a bump with the FDA that was unthinkable when I first got here because we did not have any internal programs or any devices within the company other than few that we acquired through Gambro. And the fourth piece was the one that we haven't touched much. We did some tuck-in acquisitions. And then we thought about how do we transform the portfolio, the company changed the CAGR, the direction, the innovation, go where the puck is going. That was the acquisition of Hillrom brings that part into Baxter. Conversely, we do have a couple of areas that we don't believe are the right businesses for Baxter to own. And to that end, we are in the middle of analysis and we should have more in that area either by May or a little later than that in how we're going to adjust our portfolio. What we want to do is always look at the portfolio in a way that can increase the CAGR of the markets we serve, increase the profitability of the company and remove businesses that have been sometimes legacy businesses. They are sitting here with probably not a right capital allocation and bring that to people who can bring that capital allocation to them, freeing up the cash flow for Baxter to invest in what really we want to invest, which is in our connected care, digital health and then to double down on parts of Hillrom, they're doing so well.
Joe Almeida: Matt, I will start. I want Jay to actually also supplement my answer. I see this in two different buckets. I see the short-term or the COVID impact, and then what is the long-lasting effect of having those inflationary costs. So the first is labor availability created by Omicron was significant, didn't take much, you could read the news and how it affects the country and the curve and acceleration of that infection, took a lot of people from our plants. They were either infected or had contact with people infected very much in number one priority of the company's patient safety and quality as well as employee safety. So we did not allow people to come to work, and we follow the guidelines with [indiscernible]. To that end, we end up with significant disruptions that caused all this air freight that we have to actually incur, which came actually towards the end of the fourth quarter as we will never let patients other products. As soon as we found that we start flying products despite, in fact, some of the products in value of ships that were going in because the rate and escalation of that. That problem of the labor availability and absenteeism is starting to subside; we have significant efforts in place and we start to see our plants filling up with people, and the situation will be resolved. Also, part and parcel to that was the fact that you have to attract employees to your plant. And there is an inflationary cost to the labor cost of the company and that is the one that we also are upping our salaries and making sure that we retain people. Those cost of inflation will go on for a long time. You don't reverse salary increases. What you do actually is create more cost reductions and automation to offset that. And our supply chain has a pretty healthy cost reduction program in 2022 and beyond to offset this inflationary cost. The component availability is nothing new. We've been signaling that for a long time. We're working very hard to get to our components, buy in advance, buy large loss and things like we're managing that, and that is in Baxter being managed. And we just acquired Hillrom, they had similar issues. We are resolving those along the way, and we believe the alleviation of our back quarter and backlog will happen throughout 2022. One last point I want to add is that the demand is very strong for our products from two different things. One is the Omicron variant itself, but also a lot of consumption of product that happened, and shelves are empty. So you're probably going to have replenishment of those products going out throughout the year. So we don't see demand at this moment, from our vantage point, abating. So we have some short-term capacity issues that we're taking care by adding shifts and other things that will alleviate that. So we're doing everything we can always with the first thing in mind to serve the patient. Secondly, to do it in a cost-effective manner. So I think we have managed this to the best of our ability and done pretty well based on our footprint and the size of our company. Going into 2022, we will alleviate these pressures throughout the year, and it's not an immediate solve in the component issue. It's going to go through our second quarter and continues to improve throughout Q3 and Q4. And we want to make sure – we want to make sure that our cost reduction and we just verified that is very healthy. As a matter of fact, I would say our cost reduction program for 2022 is the largest the company ever had in terms of integrated supply chain.
