John Groetelaars: Thanks, Barb. We are very pleased with our strong execution in our ability to support our customers during the pandemic. Our first half financial performance has been better than expected reflecting our portfolios resilience and benefits from our company's compelling transformation. Our updated financial outlook remains balanced and achievable. We remain optimistic and the returns in normalization later this year, and the tremendous opportunities afforded to Hill-Rom to improve patient outcomes and the delivery of healthcare while unlocking significant value for shareholders. Before opening up the call for Q&A, I'd like to close by saying that the last year has created new challenges for many, both personally and professionally. As we all faced new realities posed by the pandemic. I'd like to take a moment to acknowledge Barb for her strength and resolve as she has been dealing with their own personal health issue over the last several months. I am pleased to share that she has now completed her treatment and is on the road to recovery. And we continue to wish her well and thank her for the resilience and commitment that she has demonstrated to our organization during this difficult period. So that concludes our prepared remarks. And now I'd like to open up the call for Q&A.
John Groetelaars: Yes, sure Bob. Let me take that last question first. As it relates to guidance and looking around the corner into 22. Let me talk about the exit for this year first, and then come around to that. If you take the underlying revenue growth and exclude the COVID impact, our second half top line performance is actually double digits at 10% approximately constant currency growth rate compared to a first half of 2021 that was flat, if you exclude the COVID impact and looking at constant currency rates. So we see a really nice acceleration, first half to second half, removing all the noise of the COVID benefit from last year and this year. And then looking around the corner to 2022, although we're not giving guidance here, we do remain committed to what we've said many times that mid-single digit top line and a double digit EPS growth is something we remain committed to. And excluding the COVID benefit, we feel we can deliver that with confidence. So that's, that's the first question. As it relates to Bardy so obviously, as we're in the middle of litigation. So my, my comments need to be very limited. But I would say, first of all, we do believe and reaffirm our position that our company material adverse effect has occurred, or Mac, and therefore the polling conditions have not been satisfied. We've said this consistently. And although we're not going to speculate on the outcome, we have high conviction and confidence in our case. And that trial will begin next week, starting on May 5, and we would expect a ruling sometime in mid to late June. So I thought I could really save both Bardy this time as far as I’ve said in your prepared comments we looked at all the various scenarios for Bardy and incorporated any potential impact in our guidance with respect to EPS.
John Groetelaars: Yes, maybe I'll start out with the M&A strategy. We remain busy here, Larry, with a lot of activity going on as normal. And we're pleased with the progress of, of the opportunities in our pipeline will remain focused on shareholder value creation and our financial criteria, as well as strategic fit. But we like what we see there. And then hopefully, in the coming quarters that’s some worth talking about. I'll turn it over to Barb for the remainder of the question.
John Groetelaars: Yes, sure. I figure to answer that question. So on the international front, first of all, our first half overall international performances now 12%, because of challenging comps in the second half and, and an anticipated slowing of some COVID related purchases around ICU expansion in our PSS, we do expect that to moderate in the second half, as the U.S. begins to pick up steam, and Asia-Pac begins to pick up steam, so all-in-all, that's kind of the way that we see things playing out. We do believe there's still an ICU expansion opportunity, internationally as we've mentioned before, I see capacity as severely limited in many countries across Europe and Canada. And we’ve seen in the last several quarters a spike in that demand and we don’t think it’s just a onetime thing, it’s going to be on-going acceleration of demand and we paid around $200 million in incremental opportunity over the years to come. I’m glad you asked the question on the connected care piece, Larry, because as we think about cancer care, and we've talked about it quite a bit, we've recently gone back and look at our portfolio. And so what part of our portfolio today is connected care? And how fast is it growing. And you might be surprised to learn that the over 20% of our current portfolio, and total revenue is connected care revenue. And it's growing at 20% plus. So we're very pleased with the underlying performance there. It's closely linked in overlaps with our new product launches, because many of our new product launches are aligned around connected care. However, you're really seeing that those investments that are taking place both organically and inorganically are really driving towards the strategy of advancing connected care having a meaningful and material impact to our top line.
John Groetelaars: No, I think we’re there. I think we are seeing normalization. We don’t have any additional upside anticipated in our rental fleet or any surge demand from international that we did see in Q1 and Q2. Now that was anticipated nor put into our guidance for the rest of the year.
John Groetelaars: Yes. Hey, Mike, thanks for the question. Bookings are up and continue to look strong. We had a very large deal we talked about last quarter, that's just beginning to flow in terms of orders. And we expect that will continue to accelerate into the second half, with most of the revenue recognition actually happening next year, on that large deal. But we're seeing a very nice recovery. As we said, in our prepared comments, we saw about 15% growth. In the quarter, we expect that to accelerate as we get to the second half of the year, and are very pleased with our performance there in Care Comm. And, the whole portfolio, as you know, between our Nurse Call business, our mobile phone business, the enhancements we've made to a couple of acquisitions, with enhanced alert and alarm management, and now a real time waveforms really provide a such a comprehensive and integrated communication platform, that we're really pleased with how we're positioned in the marketplace.
John Groetelaars: Yes, Mike, we do a small amount of business there. In fact, it's not been a strategic focus for us over the last couple of years, just our product mix and the market opportunity we did see a good alignment for the long term. So we have some presence, but it's very minimal at this point. So if we, if we're looking for places where we can help, and we're certainly looking for that opportunity, but as of now, we have not been called to duty, so to speak, to really help out in the crisis.
John Groetelaars: Yes, true. Good question. I would say the majority of our revenue growth is coming from existing installed base. Slightly more than half of that growth would come from upselling and cross selling between the mobile platform, the alert, alarm management, and MDI opportunity, medical device integration, opportunity. And, and our installed base with Nurse Call and moving into the mobile space. So for us, it's been it's not always, it's not always taking out a competitor, it's really enhancing the systems that are in place, integrating them more efficiently, and more effectively to drive a better clinical workflow and better outcomes and really better productivity for the healthcare system, which, which is why it's so well positioned in the, in the current environment, especially on a kind of post event analysis, or post mortem analysis of COVID and the stresses and strains that put on the acute care systems. How can they do more with the same resources? And as hospital volumes ramp up in a post COVID environment? So we're like, I think Mary Kay might have a comment she wants to add to that, but I think that's, how I would answer it.
John Groetelaars: And one final comment Drew, you made that investors may not be aware of this, but it's mandatory that Nurse Call systems are installed in every hospital, right. So by virtue of that, we have a nice footprint already because we're a leader in the Nurse Call business. So we have a natural opportunity to upsell, both, our next generation Nurse Call system, which we just announced, as well as cross sell into mobile platforms.
John Groetelaars: Yes, okay. So on frontline care, or specifically, in the physician offices, we're pretty close to pre-COVID levels right now. It’s probably 95% ish, in that range. And we would expect that it gets back to normalization in the second half of the year. So that's, that's very positive. And, the second half year of comps for our frontline care division has the Breathe or non-invasive ventilation comp in there, and that was $30 million last year. So from a full year growth perspective, we expect 3% to 5% growth. But if you exclude the stockpiling orders, we're the high single digit growth rate for the second half of the year, which is similar to the first half of the year. So, consistent performance out of our Front Line Care business, first half and second half as we look at the total portfolio. With respect to Breathe, the opportunity there was is primarily in the home and in a non-acute environment, and taking ventilation into the home, and, and allowing patients who have COPD or other chronic conditions, to avoid hospitalization, and to get their ventilation therapy has been home, and to be mobile and ambulatory, in the process. So we would like we continue to like that opportunity. We're seeing that underlying prescription volume grow for the Breathe device. And we would expect it to be a growth driver for many years to come as that market expansion continues to take shape.
John Groetelaars: Yes, we're excited about it. Matt it's really in the early phases of rollout. The equipment's being placed in various locations in a retail environment. Shipments began for that in Q2. And we would expect as those get connected and training occurs that the recurring revenue portion of that begins to occur late this year and into next year. So everything's on track, very pleased with the way it's rolling out, exceeding our expectations and exceeding, I think creating delight in the eyes of our retail partner there.
John Groetelaars: That is one of the potential opportunities there. They're probably a little longer term, Matt in the near term. I mean, the ability to this is such an exciting product. I mean, we all know, we use physical assessment tools. We've had over scripts and family skills news on all of us in our kids, many, many times. But this is the first time we're able to first of all, get a better image, we've actually made improvements to the lighting and the image quality itself. But now we're going to actually capture it digitally. And by doing that, we can we can archive it, we can share it, we can get a referral. It's going to be recorded in the EMR. So you'll have a longitudinal history that's going to develop over time of these images to track the progress of ear and eye diseases. So we're excited about that and does it create an opportunity for a retina view type business. It could, it could and something will evaluate. I think importantly, also, it could help enable a further reach of telemedicine because now you can remotely capture images and share them. It doesn't need to be a synchronous telemedicine visit. But it could be an asynchronous visit where you have an image captured in a review that just like you would a lab result during a telehealth visit. So we're excited about it from many angles, first time in many, many years, if not decades, where innovations were brought to the physical assessment tool space. And as you know, we lead to a wealth challenge and are by far the market leader in that space. 
John Groetelaars: Yes, good question. Like it's completely independent. What go around Bardy has no impact on our ability or bandwidth to execute additional M&A.
John Groetelaars: Our relationship with Intuitive has been a very positive one and one where, I think both parties have a high level of loyalty. So it's not something we would look to, proactively change. We do get, of course, integrated with not just robotics, but what is CT and MRI imaging systems and interoperative environment as well. So, when it comes to being a preferred partner, and having a technology and capability to integrate with various imaging or robotic modalities, we've been really well positioned with some of the top, companies you want to be aligned with. So we're pleased with that not looking for any changes. In terms of the essential products surgical, I did want to just reiterate that despite and we just exit noncore. If you look at the headwind provided, we have 100 basis point headwind, in this current year and current year guidance, we just finished the exit of our surgical OEM business, which was about $15 million in revenue this year, and $46 million last year, so it's about a 1% or 100 basis point headwind for the top line this year.
John Groetelaars: Thank you. Well, I guess that concludes our call and I'd like to make a closing comment and embarrass one of my colleagues who was celebrating her 100th earnings call today. Miss Mary Kay Ladone 100th earnings calls. I don't know how many other people can have that that kind of bragging rights but she carries the banner and she carries it well. I want to congratulate here on completing her 100th earnings call today.
Barbara Bodem: Thanks Rick. That's very kind of you. With regards to the business optimization, last year, at the end of the year, we announced a $50 million business optimization program for 2021. And we executed that quickly. And that has been in place for the full year. So what you're seeing in the first half of the year is the first half of that 15. So we're well on track there. As to whether or not this is the end of business optimization, it's never the end of business optimization that this was a significant program that we put into place at the end of last year. And that piece is in place, we will always look for opportunities to continue to improve the performance of the business. With regards to gross margin and the guidance, you have it exactly right. But the step down is really related to a not anticipating any further expansion or benefit in gross margin, from our one time COVID sales. We don't expect that the sales are going to be significant in the second half of year, it's not going to be material, and therefore we're not going to see that continued gross margin benefit.
Barbara Bodem: So as we as we think about Q3, the key thing to keep in mind is we have a significant comp to overcome from last year. So in Q3 of 2020, we had approximately $130 million of onetime COVID revenue and a $0.60 benefit from that. As we think about our Q2 2021, if you talked about the results this year, at the 173, we're still getting about a $0.20 benefit as we as we look at that. So going into next quarter, and for the second half of the year, we're not expecting to see any continue to one time COVID benefit. We're going to see more of the underlying business and the recovered curves as we improve in the latter half. And that's really what is driving the comparison on EPS from quarter-to-quarter and year-over-year.
Barbara Bodem: So Larry, we, we are really pleased with the cash generation that we've had and are happy that we've created as much room as we do have for additional M&A. Our capital allocation priority has remained the same. So we're going to continue to focus on M&A and where can we continue to grow the business to dividends remains the same. We announced a 9% increase in our dividend earlier in the year that marked the 11th consecutive year of increases so that that approach to dividends is going to be unchanged. We're going to continue to look at repurchases as an opportunity to offset dilution. And then, any excess cash was going to use it to pay down debt and create more capacity for more M&A when the right deals come along.
Barbara Bodem: Matt, it’s a great question. I’m glad you gave me an opportunity to come back to the question Bob asked earlier. I think the key difference that you want to think about in both year-over-year on Q3 is really around SG&A spend. So in Q3 of 2020 it would have been very much surprised because we are in the height of the pandemic and activities were all surfaced very much on delivering product to our customers. And so you probably would have seen the lowest point of our SG&A spend relative to where we are today and what we were anticipating for the remainder of the year. And that really is a reflection of two things; one is the normalization of some of the activity and getting back to normal and the fact that we’ve turned on significant investments as we’ve looked at our opportunities to continue to show [ph] top line growth going forward. So as we talked about Q2 performance, in our Q2 performance we showed both the contribution from our business optimization which was about 150 basis point, but that was more than offset by the investments that we are making and best thing and where we want to go going forward. Our commitment around delivering the double-digit earnings per share growth remained strong and we just are looking for those opportunities where our performance on the top line is allowing us to bring investment as they are in. So as you think about that sequential and you think about the year-over-year guidance that SG&A investment is – to the equation for you.
Barbara Bodem: Matt, this is Barb. Yes, I, I think that that is I think that is how you want to look at it. John talks about how excluding the COVID benefits for the first half of this year, we've been we've been roughly flat, and that is reflective of the fact that we're still in the recovery mode, in parts of our business. As we continue to see that improve, and we see that going into 22 that will be, that will help be an offset to the COVID benefits that we've received so far this year.
Barbara Bodem: As we think about, the future, continue to focus on that mid-single digit, and top line and double digit growth. And as we think about 2022 absolutely committed to delivering that excluding the COVID impacts that we we've seen in 2021.
