John Groetelaars: Thanks, Barb. For those of you who have followed Hill-Rom over the years, you know that we have significantly diversified our business. We strengthened our business model with enhanced value propositions and improved our durable growth profile with internal R&D and deployment of capital into M&A. Our continued balanced approach towards growth and investment is leading to an exciting and compelling transformation at Hill-Rom. I will reiterate that our strategy, long-term fundamentals, growth prospects and investment thesis remain intact. Prior to and during the pandemic, our company has established a strong track record of performance. We have consistently delivered on our objectives and met expectations. While the macro environment has proven challenging for most, including Hill-Rom, with shocks to traditional demand and evolving dynamics never seen before, we are entering 2021 with improved visibility and cautious optimism as our business begins to recover. Our commentary today is intended to provide a transparent depiction of current business trends and our future outlook, which we believe will aid investors in their evaluation of Hill-Rom as a long-term investment. With a solid foundation, clear strategy and seasoned leadership team, we will continue to go above and beyond to deliver enhanced value to our customers and shareholders and position our company for sustained success. With that, let’s open up the call for Q&A.
John Groetelaars: Yes. Sure. Thanks for the question, Rick. I’ll point you, Rick, to Slide number 25 in the presentation material. In that slide, you’ll see the breakdown of the COVID benefit for fiscal ‘20. I think that’s a really important foundational set of numbers to understand. So with that in mind, here’s how I’d characterize ‘21. Obviously, Q4 was our trough. We feel really good about broad-based momentum we’re seeing across all businesses and all geographies as we exited the year and entered fiscal ‘21. So that’s a very encouraging sign and something that gives us a tremendous amount of confidence around our Q1 guidance. As we start to come into Q2 and Q3, we’re going to start, especially in Q3, hitting it up against some really difficult COVID-related comps from last year. And so the shape of that recovery curve continues to build momentum in the underlying business. And our emerging market growth continues to be at double digits throughout the year. We will be launching a significant number of new products, north of 10 new products planned for launch this year. So the fundamental drivers of new product growth, emerging market growth and the recovery of our businesses that were negatively impacted are all well in play and going to deliver for us during the year. And we will see that sequential improvement, excluding that COVID impact from last year. So as you look at the second half of the year, we would expect to see growth excluding that COVID benefit and certainly see nice organic growth in the fourth quarter. We got to cycle through some challenging comps on the COVID side of things and on the recovery of our business, which you’re starting to see, as you noted. Compare Q4 to Q1, we’re expecting to see a nice sequential recovery in our business just in that period where there’s no COVID impact. So I think the final point I would make is our growth drivers. As we’ve mentioned in the past, those -- in terms of product categories, those continue to be in the same areas that we’ve seen them. Very excited about the growth driver opportunities in ICU expansion, in care communications. We have several new product launches in that category coming this year. Noninvasive ventilation, remote monitoring and diagnostics, especially with the importance of telehealth and remote diagnostics. We have several exciting new products in our connected exam tools and screening tools, both for vision screening as well as for physical exam. And then in our Surgical Solutions business with the recent acquisition of Videomed and connected video and OR integration. So really, I think the fundamentals are there. The recovery curve is well in place and new product launches, emerging market growth are going to really position us very nicely as we get towards the end of the year and get past these COVID benefit comps that we have to overcome this year.
John Groetelaars: Yes. Sure. There’s a lot to unpack there, Rick. So let me take it -- important questions, let me take them to start up with. The environment first, right? The environment is so much better from a CapEx point of view and procedure recovery, physician office visit recovery. And we’re seeing that as we outlined in recovery of our businesses, not just here in the U.S., but globally. So that increased level of certainty allows us to reissue guidance quite candidly. And that’s the fundamental difference between the first wave versus now where we are today. Obviously, I won’t get into the details between the first wave and second wave and what we’re now experiencing with a third wave. But the summary of all that is not just us, but our providers and our customers have a lot more confidence of how to deal with COVID surges, how to treat COVID patients and non-COVID patients and how to triage those patients and effectively keep health care treating patients on both sides of the equation. So overall, very good certainty, very good recovery of procedures. And as a result, the financial profile of our customers and the financial certainty of our customers is significantly improved, particularly in the U.S. Internationally, it was never impacted the same way. And while some CapEx -- in aggregate, CapEx is down from where it was going to be a year ago, it plays to our portfolio very nicely, in ICU, in bed expansion in care communications and in ventilation. So relatively speaking, we feel that the CapEx environment is quite improved from where it was even 3 months ago and certainly significantly improved from where it was 6 months ago. So -- and that’s why we feel confident enough to reissue guidance the way we have. So that’s that part of the question. The second part of the question relates to the bed business. If you look at -- if you take a step back and avoid looking at quarter-to-quarter, I’ll get to that in a second. But if you look at the full year last year, our bed business grew at double digits, right? And now if we look forward, we’re seeing a really nice recovery of orders and our backlog for our Med-Surg and ICU bed offering, and we’re seeing that number sequentially is about 20% improvement from Q4 into this current period. So not only that, but the activity level around quoting and orders is actually near pre-COVID levels for our bed business. So we feel really good about that. And from a competitive point of view, we can maybe get into details at a follow-on question, but we’re feeling really good competitively. This is not a surprise to us. We knew this launch was coming, and we candidly expected to come a lot earlier than it is. And quite frankly, the comparison between our bed offering, which really is more of a patient monitoring and connected care solution versus the Stryker bed offering, is like apples and oranges. And I’m happy to get into the comparison of that, if you want. But we feel really good competitively and are prepared for that introduction.
John Groetelaars: Yes, great. I’ll take that second part of the question first, Bob. I think it’s really, fundamentally -- and this is why we’re being so clear about the COVID impact. But fundamentally, looking at the recovery curve of our businesses that were negatively impacted and seeing how that recovery is improving sequentially, right? We had reported a negative 10% in Q4. Our guidance for the first quarter is a significant improvement of that, and we would expect that to continue over time. So that’s one thing. The other part is, in particular, the businesses that are recovering that are significant to us are Care Comm and our surgical business, which will -- which are coming back to pre-COVID levels, but they’re not quite there yet. And once they cross over the chasm, I think we’ll be in a really good place to start showing year-over-year growth. So I would be looking at that, Bob. Certainly, we’ll be talking about new product launches as we get closer to them. The other part I would look at is our emerging markets. We do expect, with the investments we’ve made, to continue to see double-digit growth in emerging markets throughout the year and high double-digit growth in China, where we’ve made some significant investments. So we feel particularly good about that part of it as well. Related to your question on M&A, we, as you know, have remained quite busy. We’ve completed 3 deals, smaller tuck-in deals during the last fiscal year. We continue to remain busy, and we’re optimistic that we’ll find some meaningful tuck-in opportunities as we come into fiscal ‘21. We’re very busy on that front, we see a lot of nice opportunities in private -- privately held companies. Then we fit very nicely with our portfolio and our vision of advancing connected care and our ability to do -- to advance in those areas that we talked about in the past.
John Groetelaars: I think just to conclude that, I think investors should expect us to stick to our financial discipline of our criteria of being growth accretive, being margin accretive and providing an ROIC within a 3 to 5-year time frame.
John Groetelaars: Yes, sure. So as I mentioned earlier, emerging markets, we expect double-digit growth. China, we expect very high double-digit growth. Our investments are really starting to come through there. And because of the breakdown I just gave you earlier, that $180 million being roughly half of that being internationally, that was mostly in Canada and Europe. So we will have in that timeframe of Q3 and Q4 some very challenging comps overcome in those regions. So barring some unforeseen demand, which has not into our guidance, we would expect to have some challenges in that Q3 period internationally.
John Groetelaars: Thank you, David. Yes. I think the -- as I’ve mentioned before, on the certainty of the environment and the relative importance of the CapEx that we’re bringing to the marketplace with our beds and our sensors and our communication technology, we see continued strong pipeline of activity. And really, quite frankly, broad-based recovery of the businesses that were negatively impacted. So we’re quite confident about our ability to see that recovery come through and then also take advantage of the investments we’ve made over the years to position the company for sustained durable growth, whether that’s coming from emerging markets or in this case, we are deploying new incremental investments for our Care Comm team, our digital business, to expand, and our Enterprise Accounts team, which is focused in the U.S. to also expand. We do expect our customers to become larger and more significant in terms of large, enterprise-wide purchasing decision. So we’re scaling up in those 2 areas specifically to make sure we’re positioned for ongoing growth as the recovery continues. And I’ll turn it over to Barb for the second question.
John Groetelaars: Yes. We have not seen any deliveries yet. Obviously, there’s some commentary out there of a pending launch, but we have not seen any deliveries occur at this point in time. So we expect that will happen in the next couple of months, but we’ve not seen anything material in the marketplace today.
John Groetelaars: Yes. Sure, Mark, and thanks for the question. The -- if I refer, as I mentioned, is this being the third wave. We expect this third wave to be a lot like the second wave in the summer. However, it’s going to be much more widespread geographically. And that opens up more hospital capacity as a result. We do believe that the -- from what we’re hearing from our customers that they feel confident, that they can manage what is anticipated in terms of hospitalizations, their treatment protocols, their ability to segregate patients, their ability to -- the patient profile themselves is a very different patient than the first wave, and it’s much more geographically dispersed. So I think in the U.S., yes, it’s going to provide some tension, but manageable is the current feeling. In Europe, with the spikes that are going on and the surge going on in Europe, the level of ICU capacity in particular and treatment capacity in certain regions of Europe, we are starting to see pressure building. And as a result, some higher level of interest and demand in some of our product offerings as a result. That goes across from ICU offering to our vital signs business to thermometry. So we’re starting to see some of that in Europe today. But it does seem -- it’s -- again, it does seem much more well-managed and not panic-oriented, but we are starting to see some incremental demand in those areas.
John Groetelaars: Yes, I’m happy to take that question. We’ve been building for quite some time, a very differentiated platform on our bed business. In fact, I would actually say we’re turning the corner and it’s really more of a patient monitoring and connected care system today. Given all the technology and sensors and real-time communication capability that we’ve built into the system of the bed as a digital hub, the sensors and then the communication tools that surround it with our Care Comm and mobile communication business. So when you think of what we’ve been able to do and the offering that we’re continuing to enhance, what we effectively have put in place is -- from a -- I guess my best analogy would be cellphones and smartphones. Having connectivity is one thing. Having wireless connectivity is effectively like a flip phone from the ‘90s. Having what we have put together is effectively a smartphone in the current day and age. And what I mean by that is we can visualize waveforms, we can access real-time data, we can incorporate video into a patient and caregiver communication, and it’s a closed loop. So sensors from the bed communicate to the phone and then the phone, you can then communicate with other caregivers and patients directly. So it’s really -- the comparison of apples and oranges is really the basics of connectivity of having a cellphone versus having a smartphone today. Incorporating that camera, so you can do video chats and communication, you can access stock market information, you can access all kinds of other information. And that’s the difference of the robustness of the ecosystem that we have built with Centrella and our Care Comm offering and the Voalte acquisition and the sensors that we’ve incorporated the bed versus the basics of wireless connectivity.
John Groetelaars: Is that the final question? Well, thank you everybody for joining our call today. And we’ll see you next quarter.
Barbara Bodem: Hey, Matt, that’s okay. Yes. Let me just add. In the fourth quarter, we had $35 million of COVID benefit, and $10 million of that was related to the ventilators, $25 million is related to that. Just to clarify Q4.
Barbara Bodem: Your question about the level of overall investment in ‘21 versus ‘20 and are we able to sustain that. The answer is yes. So we’re reinvesting incremental investment in ‘21 at a very similar level to what we had in ‘20. And the way that we’re able to do that [Technical Difficulty] and pulled forward the business optimization and just...
Barbara Bodem: Yes, I’d be happy to. No, I’m happy to talk to that. So the key thing that you need to think about is we’re looking at all 2021 is really about the normalization of the bed demand. And we’ve talked about how most of that pull forward we felt was really affected in Q4 of ‘20. And really for ‘21, it’s about normalization of that demand. And as John talked about, we saw nice sequential growth in our order book and are now reaching points where we’re getting close to pre-COVID levels in terms of order and quoting activity in the bed area. The second thing to think about as you look across ‘21 is the gradual recovery of those product lines that were negatively impacted by COVID. And that gradual -- that recovery can be more gradual and will continue across the first 3 quarters of ‘21. So as you think about the calendarization, as you think about the cadence as we go across ‘21, we’ll see that trough in Q4, we’ll see gradual improvement as we get normalization of demand and the recovery across the rest in Q1 and Q2. As you get into Q2 and Q3, we’ll have much stronger COVID headwinds that we need to manage through, especially in Q3. That’s a big headwind in Q3. And by the time we get to Q4, we’ll be bouncing back to growth. The other thing to think about as you think about the course of the year is we will see progressively improving operating margin and gross margin throughout the year, which will also contribute then to a bottom line that will look very similar to the top line improvement.
