Michael Weinstein: Let me start with this fourth quarter. If I back out the Puerto Rico impact from the quarter, you're at $0.70, you're at $2.80 run rate. How do I think about that as I go into your 2018 guidance because obviously your earnings power is a lot higher than just the headline numbers suggest here.
Michael Weinstein: You bought back more stock this quarter than you had been buying back and I was wondering if you could just talk a little bit about that and then in the broader context of capital allocation going forward. Obviously, there has been a lot of discussion last several quarters about M&A and the opportunity for you guys to do some bolt-on transaction using Claris. Last year you had the Mallinckrodt deal that's pending but you have a balance sheet that enables us to do both, bolt-on M&A and buybacks. It looks like you've stepped up your activity this quarter, how should we think about it for '18? And are you assumingly incremental buybacks in your guidance? Thanks.
Michael Weinstein: I don't want to go through all the different businesses and the guidance for 2018 is relative to our expectations; but I don't want too many surprises, I thought that you're probably being a bit conservative and advanced surgery given the product flow there in the R&D, then put it in the work side, I'd love to hear your thoughts on that. And as well maybe the same comment on the renal side where there is a lot going on and really all three or four different parts of that business. Thanks.
José Almeida: Mike, your math is not totally incorrect but there is a caveat to it. The second phosphamide is a huge reduction, close to $100 million reduction year-over-year; we're expecting new entrants as we don't have a crystal ball but we have our best intelligence, so we are estimating that we're going to have one or two entrants in 2018 and that is one of the reasons by which we have a significant reduction in the EPS on the run rate basis; we're compensating that with other things, not just Claris. And also we had one-time reduction in the -- like you noted, Hurricane Maria provides a positive momentum in 2018 versus 2017 but the biggest difference is the $100 million with cyclophosphamide.
José Almeida: Sure. So going back to the team of capital allocation, I think Jay described pretty accurately our ability to do all of those things together. Our intention is to look at our businesses on an adjacency basis and do those incremental deals at a higher volume and velocity, meaning, more of them and a little faster as we continue to refine our M&A group, our M&A group is now complete, we have very strategic group in place, we have a pretty well defined boundaries where we want to go and I never take no, never considered that larger acquisitions are completely off the table, they are just difficult to come by and they are much more difficult to-date to get decent returns on those. But we -- as we look opportunistic at many different things, our focus in M&A and strategy are the cases it's going to continue to do that. But we can do the three things that we have planned all along; we continue to buy shares, we're going to continue to pay the dividends and increase dividends every year like we have done in the past, and do the small deals or deals which are complimentary in high volume and velocity.
José Almeida: Thank you, Mike. I have to think that we are good forecasters of our business and this is the beginning of the year. We always have the ability to -- for the most part to do what we saw we're going to do. So when we give a number to this suite there is something we have confidence that we can achieve. Clearly, the year always hold surprises, we had a huge one with Hurricanes visit. But the company has enough in the back to be able to provide [indiscernible] results till we're be dead. I would say that we good growth in most of our business and we are continue to do geographic expansion product launches. So the ability to can't exceeded directly related to execution on the new products in second half of the year when we come in with the new pump version for SIGMA SPECTRUM, launch of our new peritoneal dialysis automated device in Japan in geographic expansion. So if we can execute on those things, everything goes right, we'll let you guys know and we will change our outlook for the year but at the moment that's what we see with a significant amount of puts and takes including cyclophosphamide.
José Almeida: Larry, we can split the conversation into two pieces. The piece that got affected by the hurricane is a small volume parenteral that we'll call the SCP, those are we call Mini-Bags, Mini-Bag Plus. And pre-filled bags in small amounts for nutrition, amino acids, dual chamber bags and other things like that. So we have two different distinctive situations; let's -- let me talk about the small parenteral bags. We are producing at a pretty good clip at our plants in Puerto Rico, we supplemented that production with volume that is coming from Ireland, our Casabar [ph] facility. And we'll continue to make progress and we think by the end of the first quarter, though the production -- the inventory levels will be at a place that we can put this behind us. As we speak today, the allocation that we put out it is 100%; so people can buy Mini-Bags and Mini-Bags Plus today, we just changed that at 100% of the average purchasing volume of six months ago. So -- and we will get this completely normalized by the end of the first quarter, probably earlier than that. So we also have contingency plans which will put towards the end of '18, mid '19 more capacity for Mini-Bag Plus for two reasons. One is, we have the ability to sell as much as we make, it's better for the market and more profitable for Baxter; so we're shifting that mix to benefit all the stakeholders including ourselves in terms of profitability. The second part of the conversation is that large volume parenteral that has nothing to do with the hurricane, that has to do with increased demand and the inability of some of the manufacturers in the marketplace to make the product. We obtain permanent importation licenses and product registration for Mexico, we walk away from some of the business that we had in Mexico which can be taken over by a local competitors and is moving their volume permanently to the U.S. The second thing is, yesterday we just got approval from importation permits for Brazil, so now the product is going to be coming into the U.S. and we -- so by the end of this next six months, we will have a network of global factories that cost effectively can bring products into the U.S. in any situation, even to guarantee future contracts with our current customers and potential new customers.
José Almeida: In Japan; the first opportunity for us is to capitalize in the tremendously under penetrated peritoneal dialysis business. Japan has a very, very, very rich reimbursement for PD and we make significant amount of profit from that modality but the volume compared to the rest of the world is quite small. So by launching the new Kaguia [ph] cycler in Japan we'll be able to satisfy some of the market needs for instances; more connectivity of the tubing [ph] in this machine is done automatically, hence free. So there are some peculiarities that Japan requires to adopt technologies different, we as a company have done not a great job in Japan once we separate from Baxalta because Baxalta was the bulk of the business in Japan. And our business now will focus on augmentation of the PD, launching new advanced surgery products in Japan, as well as augmenting the pharmaceutical capabilities in Japan. So this is more of a long-term roadmap but I tell you that is one that has our focus and in fact now is the -- present for Asia, Japan falls under him and we have significant plans for talent improvement to be able to get those things there.
José Almeida: We are continuing to pursue internal development. We are launching a coronary drug, just got approved. We have other drugs planned to be launched here, either frozen or not frozen dump made by Galaxy. We continue to launch products outside Claris, outside the U.S. for Claris and the 43 is quite simply, we have done to date everything that we said we were going to do, we're still not finished, we have couple of more things to do but we're still in the timeline in some of the things we're doing ahead of our timeline. We are optimistic that what we're doing is going to resolve the issues outlined in 43 but we are not the agencies, so we cannot speak on behalf of the agency, we do everything we can to satisfy what we said to the agents we're going to do and we feel comfortable that we're doing, now rest is with the FDA to make that determination but we work very hard and we have integrated significant amount of quality systems into the best of quality systems and if you went to the [indiscernible] today, you would see a significant amount of physical improvement in things that we've done to correct issues that we personally as a company have found and stuff that the FDA has found on top of our findings.
José Almeida: I'll focus on three or four errors. First of all, I think our ability to provide the market with LVPs and SVPs add to volumes that the market not only needs but potentially have comparative -- going to competitive accounts is a potential upside, we don't know if that's going to materialize the competitive accounts but we know that we now have solid factories being completely focused in the U.S. market. BAX is largest manufacturer solutions in the world and having no use of that capability in the past was a mistake, now we're full engaged in using this capability and flexibility across the globe; so that is a positive. I think the new version of our pump, SIGMA SPECTRUM, coming out now in the second half of the year is a good thing; the pump has really new features and new things that we think are needed in the marketplace and the people waiting for it, so our ability to launch that well offers the possibility to be positive for us. The third one is the launch of the Kaguia [ph] in Japan, I think that is a positive. In geographic expansion, lastly is, we're trying to get products approved, we just got one approved in China the other date after earlier this week we just got a monitor 1898 [ph] approved in China for sale, way ahead of time. So our people are trying to work very diligently in new products to be able to get those things to augment our objective in the mid-term which is to get the company to a 5% topline growth.
José Almeida: Our mid-term goal for the top line is 5%, we work very hard to get there and to get there is the ability to launch those new products, little better than we have planned and there is opportunity for that. So the first one as I said is optimization, the supply chain have in the right part and in the right place in U.S. if you're confident on that. The second is the launch of the product in Japan, the Kagua [ph] in cycle. The third is geographic expansion, get this thing right. Fourth, the pump, the SIGMA SPECTRUM, remember our medication delivery guidance for global growth is between 6% and 7% for 2018 which is pretty good growth. Then, let's look at little bit more on the mid-term, let's talk about '19 and beyond. TheraNova is a game changer in-center HD, so having that thing -- having the product completely approved in U.S., have the clinical trials in and have the ability to drive adoption in the U.S. is key for us to continue to grow. Launching PrisMAX which is our new acute renal care, CRRT monitor in the U.S. will drive continuously more growth in U.S., we're already market leaders in acute renal care with the CRRT modality, this is over $1 billion in market, we only have this modality which is CRRT was continuous renal replacement therapy has only 50% or less of the overall market, so the conversion is great. Also, getting in other modalities in the acute renal care is a desire of ours; and please don't forget that some of these acquisitions that we're making, we will have organic impact in the company once the anniversary meaning they have -- their own growth, we're not buying businesses, they have 0% growth, if we're buying business they have the ability -- like Claris, that's 12% to 14% growth happening in 2018. So there is opportunity going forward, we're ceding the way to be able to get to 5% and like they said, with the significant smaller cost base for the company to operate brings a very desirable form to the table.
José Almeida: I think our weighted average market growth rate for the overall business is 3% but the ability to perform at 5% has to do with new product launches and the ability to focus, so hence the organizational restructuring. We were not focused and now deploying capital some time ago to the right business, despite the fact our intention was that but the organization structure was not prepared. What it has allowed us to do is two-fold; get people paid on global growth or certain franchise, second, allow us to really put people in those business with more specializing given exempt of pharmaceutical for instance. We have a big mountain to climb with $100 million in headwind on cyclophosphamide. Now having execution of Claris and our own organic molecules is key; to do that you got to have people who understand the generic pharmaceutical business, this is not a hospital product, this is not the same people who will do design infusion lines and infusion pumps, it's completely different. So we brought and are bringing people who have the ability to bring this business to the next level. So this reflects more of how we want to beat people, how we want people to focus and also to get to our 5% objective on the top line.
José Almeida: Yes, we had a pretty good performance in emerging markets. We had about 6.7%, close to 7% in emerging markets for the year. We also had China over 6% which is great for us. I just want to underscore that emerging markets like medical devices qualify does not apply to Baxter, we've been in those markets for a long time. So China for us is a good growth market, has a good GDP growth and that represents an opportunity for us to geographically expand new product lines there, as well as Brazil and Mexico, Columbia; I see those as probably the most prominent and then Southeast Asia. So, we do emerging markets commentary on calls for actually you folks, the analysts. Internally we have three different regions in the world; Americas, Europe and Asia, and we don't specifically monitor emerging markets anymore. We monitor specifically China which we think has continued to perform well and it's a very profitable and large market for us. And if you qualify emerging markets like -- you speak as about 22% of our overall sale; so it's very much larger than for many of our peers. So that's why we don't focus on that.
José Almeida: We're projecting low single-digits for hospital procedures and admissions in general, that's what we see in our -- when we connect the dots of our businesses. We also see a renewed interest in the capital investment from hospitals, at least, one of the large hospital enough for profit groups announced that they will revitalize plans for investment and that is good for the market. And we see also in general, consumption at a stable tools like a positive level. So it is altogether a unique situation for the country, for the U.S. is specifically where we see the healthcare markets reacting well to new tax legislation and so forth. The flu season is clearly picking up a significant money, [indiscernible] is already high for all accounts and there is some -- there is always slight positive impact because couple of our businesses and products that are used for situations where patient is in ICU with distress and multi-organ failure; so there is a pickup for our business when there is a good flu season, flu season is at all-time high.
José Almeida: Because we do model quite extensively and very precisely the impact of one entrant, two entrants, three entrants, four entrants; we do this because as a matter of fact we are sometimes on the other end, we're coming in as the second or the third entrant, so we know what the number is. So we have modeled based on the number of applications out there for cyclophosphamide that that is the impact. Now if people can pull it, pull-through, they don't have the regulatory capability; clearly, there is an upside for Baxter and we'll let you know as we give updates to our quarterly forecasts and update guidance if we see that there is no entrant, we will update and increase that if that's the case. And as I always say, we're very transparent about cyclophosphamide and it's always a positive for the company because there is more cash in our blanket. And it's a drug that is proven through many that it's not that easy to make. You know, cytotoxic drugs are very difficult to make and Baxter has a state-of-the-art facility that is not only used by us but used by many different pharmaceutical companies because the difficulty of doing it. So the desire to do it is not that -- doesn't relate to the ability to do it and recently one potential manufacturer got two warning letters in their facility in India [ph], so that probably put a stop on their ability to produce. But there are others out there then we have models, so if they come to the market we estimate it very precisely, $100 million of impact.
James Saccaro: Just a couple of things to point out in relation to Q1 sales growth which to your point Vijay is below the run rate we expect for the balance of the year, solid operational performance but Puerto Rico does impact us by one point of growth. And then the other comment I would make is, our -- last year we had a bolus of sales related to a product called Transderm Scope, and year-over-year that's about 1% headwind. So those two items collectively drag down the growth little bit below what we expect moving forward. The other thing that happens as we approach the latter part of the year is, we start to benefit from some of the new products launches. Joe mentioned, Kagulia [ph]; we're also extremely excited about the version 9 spectrum pump which we anticipate launching towards the end of the first half of the year, and so that starts to benefit and accelerate some growth. So two very specific items and then certain benefit from new products is really the story on Q1 relative to rest of your sales guidance.
James Saccaro: As we look at 2018 performance for medication delivery, we are going to benefit certainly from the reallocation of sales back to the U.S. from IVs, from some of the markets that Joe mentioned early on. So that's certainly is a tail-wind for us. What I will tell you is over the last several years, we benefited from a number of items including the relaunch of Version 8 pump which featured prominently in our numbers, for a number of quarters. We also benefited from negotiation of selected grim [ph] that we have in place with GPOs. So there is -- we've always anticipated and we've model long-term that there would be a deceleration into grow, and particular in the U.S. overtime but this guidance is largely consistent with our expectations and does reflect some benefit of the reallocational products.
James Saccaro: What I will tell us is, relative to the guidance that we shared in July our confidence in our long-term ability to generate cash flow has increased in the sense that we had a great 2017 performance ahead of our expectations, so solid performance on free cash flow. Not really timing items, specifically I think we were pleased to exceed $1.2 billion, $1.4 billion will reflect in continued performance with respect to working capital management which we are driving relentlessly along with continued operating income growth. So stay tuned, we'll watch this one closely, it's always very difficult at the start of the year to predict cash flow, it's a highly volatile number, it's the most -- frankly, the most challenging one for us to predict on a full year basis. So stay tuned, we'll watch this one carefully as we go on but I will tell you, the performance of our team on the supply chain side on accounts payable, receivable side; very good performance and we're tracking where we want to be on the free cash flow side.
James Saccaro: I'll start by talking about the operating margin leverage that we have and then Joe, perhaps you can talk about some of the exciting pipeline products that start to accelerate growth as we move past 2018. And by the way, it's a bit premature to talk about '19 and '20 as we sit here on February 1, so that's a risk of doing that. I think we are very pleased with the transformation efforts on the cost side. Danielle, your question is good one because to a large extent we have taken a lot of low hanging fruit and reflected that in our numbers over the last couple of years in terms of implementing zero based budgeting, certain other tactics that we've employed. As we look at 2019-2020 and beyond, there are certain more complicated or bit more challenging programs that we have on the back office with respect to G&A and perhaps it's better to say longer lead time items, as we look to transform our back office to streamline shared service centers, we've made tremendous progress, our functions have done really amazing work, but our expectational long is that those would not have an impact in 2016 or 2017 but would start to playout as we're seeing in 2018 and then 2019 and 2020. So that's one area I would say, and then the other thing that's going to be very interesting as we move to 2019 and 2020 is, our manufacturing team has done a great job in terms of controlling cost, now obviously that team has been very focused on responding to things like natural disasters and tight supply situation, so they've been very focused on that but at the same time they've been very focused on optimizing on manufacturing network and optimizing operations within our manufacturing network. And so moving to 2019 and 2020, we continue to expect very solid performance coming out of that team along with a restored supply situation. Now with respect to acceleration of growth on the top line and products that are going to drive that, Joe, maybe you could take that one.
James Saccaro: Yes, I think that in the first quarter to your point we're seeing the lowest level of sales growth of the year and then also as we look at the bottom line there, there are a number of factors in play that impact bottom line growth; the first one being Puerto Rico, that's a couple of cents of margin impact that we expect to see and that's probably the most prominent. On the operating margin line, the Puerto Rico impact is roughly 40 basis points. Some of the other should -- the TDS sales item, that does not really have a bottom line impact, so I would say that if you adjust for that along with a tough TSA comp which represents about 50 basis points impact in the first quarter, remember, we -- that ceases to be an issue for us in the second half of the year. Those two items really explain why the margin would be the lowest growth rate in the first quarter relative to the other quarters in the year and we start to see acceleration there. So really those are the two items explaining about roughly one point of the growth. As we look to the balance of the year, we do expect to see solid performance throughout and so 2018 -- the third quarter does represent the tough sales comp but importantly, we'll start to benefit from some of the new product launches, so the version 9 of the SPECTRUM pump just starts to feature in our Q3 results. So I think that on balance we feel quite good about the quarterly forecast; Q1, a little bit of a slower start but again, that is entirely explained by things like Puerto Rico and TDS and then, as we move through the rest of the year, the story becomes consistent with the full year picture. The one item I would say in Q3, we do have $20 million compounding settlement in our 2017 results, so we'll probably talk about that but beyond that I think it's fairly steady progress.
James Saccaro: I'll talk about 2018. As far as 2020, we remain very confident in our ability to drive the business going forward. So I would insert a brief commercial for our May Investor Day, we look forward to updating our long-term financial projections for both 2020 and beyond which the whole team is really excited about that. As it relates to 2018 guidance, there is actually three items that I think are worthwhile pointing out that provides some color because on the one hand you could say 80 basis points to 100 basis points and that's what we expect but there is three headwinds to point out. First, cyclophosphamide is approximately 70 basis points of impact in this year, so that's an assumption that we've made, we'll see, we'll monitor this very closely but that's a very big drag on 2018. And frankly, as we look at margin performance over the next three years, we're modeling the largest single impact occurring in 2018. The second item is we have approximately 40 basis points of impact from TSA income loss. So again, that's an item that is explicit to 2018 that does not impact future years. The final thing I would comment on is, we have adopted the new guidance for pension accounting and what that means is, a number of items have moved below the line and there are certain items maintained above the line. This will be spelled out in detail in our 10-K but at the highest level reflecting this guidance is about 40 basis points drag on our results in 2018. We'll footnote this and describe in a lot of detail as I say in our 10-K, there will be also be some additional information available related to 2017 impact but if simply put in our 80 basis points to 100 basis points, this 40 basis points of headwind is related to the new pension accounting. So as we think about what those drivers add upto, that's about 150 basis points of drags that we work through this year on our way to achieving the 80 basis points to 100 basis points of margin improvement. We don't expect similar magnitude and so it becomes -- we can sit here confidently and say we feel very solid about 2019 and 2020 performance.
