Mary Ladone: Thanks, John. Good morning, and welcome to our first quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Joining me today are Bob Parkinson, CEO and Chairman of Baxter International; and Bob Hombach, Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, let me remind you that this presentation, including comments regarding our financial outlook, new product developments and regulatory matters, contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, and of course, our actual results could differ materially from our current expectation. Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filings for more details concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. In addition, in today's call, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Baxter's ongoing business performance. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures being discussed today to the comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings release issued this morning and available on our website. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Bob Parkinson.
Mary Ladone: Yes. I think for the most part, given that our guidance excluded it, we have exactly to close it in the first quarter that most of the models had taken out the Generic Injectable business.
Mary Ladone: Right. Yes. Yes, Rajeev, I think to get the 12-month rolling average in PPTA, I believe is at around 4%, which is in line with what we call mid-single-digit range, 4% to 5%. And remember, too, we did do the destocking in the back half of the year, so PPTA growth would be impacted by that as well. So the market net of our destocking is probably going up a little bit faster.
Mary Ladone: Yes. Yes. No, as Bob commented, we believe that the global market is growing in the 6% to 8% range, with the U.S. growing at a slower rate, more like 4% to 5% and international markets growing at a faster rate.
Robert Parkinson: Yes. I mean, that's something we continue to take a look at. And given that COLLEAGUE, as we indicated, is a pretty big driver as we execute on the consent order, depending on how that plays out. We could see some upside to that approximately $2.8 billion guidance that we've given today.
Robert Parkinson: Low double digits as you know. So it's meaningful, but in the context of the global market, Mike, it's not that significant. I do think that any time there's a quality related issue, I think it's realistic to assume that customers are going to be somewhat more thoughtful about how they jump in and so on. So we'll see how it all plays out. As Bob described in his comments, we're assuming midyear relaunch. What the scale of capabilities are going to be at their end, I think is also speculative at this stage. But I do think customers are going to be thoughtful before they just jump back in the boat. So we'll see.
Robert Parkinson: The other thing I would say, James, is that -- clearly we're expecting our R&D to ramp up in the second half of the year. The fact that first quarter R&D spending was below last year, in some ways, it was as much of a kind of a timing artifact as anything. As I mentioned in my comments, obviously, all of our important programs continue to be funded. And our strategic attempt is to continue to grow R&D, so that, too. So again, a number of moving parts from the R&D ramp up to the Octapharma and so on. And as Bob said, first quarter of the year started off well, we're pleased but we still got long ways to go in an environment which continues to be turbulent and so on. So I think those are all factors that we dial into our thinking.
Robert Parkinson: No, we're still ways from launch, as you know, as I mentioned, we continue to expect to file for approval in the third quarter in both the U.S. and the EU. And again, I don't want to speculate on what the turnaround time would be on approval. But clearly, it's some time in 2012 and more likely in the latter half of 2012, all things considered. So we're still a little bit away from the launch. I think, given the sales force expansion that we put in predominantly in the U.S. last year, focused on GAMMAGARD promotion, targeted at under diagnosis of primary immune deficiency and so on. We have them in our base, really SG&A resources and commercial resources and so on. I think that we can adequately promote HyQ later on next year when hopefully we get approval.
Robert Parkinson: Okay. Yes, several aspects that -- obviously, our long-term outlook for the growth of the plasma protein business continues to be very positive. And then that's further augmented by the new product introductions, including HyQ, and new indications and then of course the bigger issue of Alzheimer's. So this question that you asked, Larry, of capacity, clearly has been front and center for us for a while. We have flexibility within our global manufacturing footprint today, between Vienna and Rieti, our two European locations. And then in LA, we've kept old LA frac, if you want to use that term, in operation somewhat longer perhaps than we had earlier anticipated. But I will tell you one of the things we're evaluating now, given our projections of longer-term demand and to put ourselves in a position where we can be flexible for additional demand for new products, such as HyQ and Alzheimer's and so on. We're evaluating the merits of making investment to keep at least some of old LA frac in operation for an extended period of time. Okay? The other thing I would say is that we also have and continue to evaluate the merits of a new Greenfield site at some point, which candidly we think is inevitable. In the coming years, we spent a lot of time thinking about how we could do that on a modular basis. But I think that both of those variables are things that we are now contemplating in this equation of long-term capacity.
Robert Parkinson: No, we haven't. But we just -- we likely will because if that is an older facility and if we're going to keep in production for the foreseeable future we're going to need to make some investments there but obviously, there will be a nice return on those investments given the underlying demand and what we're trying to support here.
Robert Parkinson: Well again, Bob, can comment on this. I mean, you're very familiar with our capital allocation framework. That remains unchanged. Frankly, we would like to direct more dollars to business development opportunities. We're pleased that we were able to close the Prism deal recently. This is going to be a nice opportunity for us. NEXTERONE could be, I would say, globally somewhere in the range of $150 million, $200 million product at high margins. And we need -- that's why I commented in my prepared comments today, Larry, on this. I think this is the kind of deal that we did want to do more of. Like the ApaTech deal we did last year. I'd like to do a handful of these kinds of deals every year. And I'd like to deploy more of our cash toward those kinds of things that can accelerate our growth forward. And I think our OBD [ph] momentum actually is accelerating. We got a number of deals in the hopper that we're evaluating. But just a quick answer to your question as to what's constraining us is probably our discipline not to do bad deals. And make sure we are very discerning in the kind of things that we pursue. But I believe that those opportunities do exist. I believe going forward, we will do more of them and it will be again within framework that we've discussed with you many times.
Robert Parkinson: Well, I'll address that. Our view is that the market in the U.S. continues to be in the mid-single digits from an ongoing growth perspective, and then markets outside the U.S. growing higher single digits. And as we look at the quarter and adjust for Octapharma and this WinRho effect that we talked about, we're still looking at 9% growth for the IVIG franchise with the impact of some price from the touchup strategy we implemented in the back half of 2010. So given that we're clearly growing faster than the market, even adjusting for Octa, we do feel like we've made good progress there.
Robert Parkinson: Yes. This is Bob Parkinson, we're evaluating that. We may do something before the end of the year. Not as formal as perhaps we've done in the past, maybe a conference call or something like that. We're still not going to -- while we realize there's a desire to get some line of sight in terms of our longer-term outlook, we clearly have recently, as we do every year, a very detailed long-range financial plan. As I think I've commented previously though, I think given some of the dynamics in the external environment, the one thing I'm sensitive to is, I don't want to get ahead of ourselves. So I just wanted to continue to monitor the external environment, both the economic environment as it relates to underlying demand for our products and certainly, healthcare reform initiatives that are not, as you know, unique to the U.S. And manifest themselves in a lot of ways in countries around the world. So we are sensitive to a desire though for you all to get more visibility. And like I say, we may do something later in the year. If we do, it will be maybe an in-depth conference call or something like that, so -- but we haven't made a final decision on that, but we are sensitive to doing that before too long.
Robert Parkinson: Well, of course, we don't really have a true line of sight into that. I think given the nature of production, of plasma proteins, augmented by the fact that, I think you know, that some of the plasma suppliers to Octapharma have redirected their plasma and sold that to other fractionators, including ourselves by the way. I don't think it's practical matter. There's a scenario it looks like turning on a light switch, okay? But on the other hand, we don't have any insight in terms of what they've been manufacturing over the last number of months in anticipation of kind of breaking the regulatory logjam, for a lack of a better way to describe it. So we've assumed retention of a little bit of that business in the second half, but on a volume basis. Matt, that's probably the best I can do. I mean, at this stage, I'm kind of speculating.
Robert Parkinson: Well, this is a business that's going back many years. As encountered on behalf of a number of the participants, regulatory issues, okay? It's part of the nature of the business when you're dealing with human proteins. And every time there's an event like this, I do think that customers evaluate and really assess the value of a high quality, sustainable supplier. And dial that into their thinking, in terms of do they tender, do they contract. If they contract, what's the terms of the contract and so on. And I do think that the recent event with Octapharma, not unique to the U.S., I think around the world, clearly has stimulated thinking about, "Gee, is there a way to contract with manufacturers in a way that we're not subject to the kind of volatility and risk in terms of supply?" That's just natural. But I think at this stage most of that is kind of anecdotal, we'll see how it plays out.
Robert Parkinson: Yes. Well, yes, I mean the U.K. tender is the first part of your question and the time is fundamentally we come out of it in the third quarter, I don't know exactly when, on the comps...
Robert Parkinson: On the year-to-year comps, which again -- and then on the global growth question, again, our current view is U.S. market is the recombinant factory market is still growing in the mid-single digits and at a somewhat higher rate outside the U.S.
Robert Parkinson: Okay. In the first finding, we're going into the clinic with Home Hemo in midyear. So I mean, within a matter of months. And then the second part of the question, it was what? Why don't you guys take care of that.
Robert Hombach: Yes, and just to build on the Octapharma thing for a moment, given the long weak cycles in this business, we are going to be thoughtful about how we manage throughput in anticipation of them coming back into market. We've seen very strong demand for our products in the first quarter. We're going to continue to support that demand, but again be thoughtful. So we're tempering our growth and thoughts in the back half of the year related to IVIG [intravenous immunoglobulin], related to the Octa situation. And I think at this stage of the game in any year, as Bob mentioned, there's always puts and takes, and so we did see some slight benefit in the quarter from retaining the Generics business that we expect to close at divestiture here very, very shortly. So in terms of run rate, we have to make a slight adjustment for that, and I think a little bit of conservatism as well, given that we just got one quarter under our belt here for 2011.
Robert Hombach: And I would just add, operationally, recognize that HyQ is going to be essentially our 10% GAMMAGARD LIQUID product kitted with hyaluronidase from Halozyme. So switching over from regular to HyQ is going to be very straightforward from us, from a production and logistics standpoint.
Robert Hombach: Yes, it was a fairly significant impact in the quarter, about $25 million in margin. And we continue to service those customers in Europe from production facilities around the world, and incurred some pretty significant freight. We've been able to somewhat normalize our inventory levels, and while we do expect to incur some additional costs here in the second quarter as we look to try to resolve that issue, it won't be quite at the same rate of negative impact that we saw in the first quarter. But $25 million in the first quarter is what we absorbed.
Robert Hombach: Sure. As we mentioned, we did absorb within margin a pretty big hit related to the Castlebar issue. The pension issue, which we talked about last quarter, does affect both margin and SG&A. So year-over-year, that's a drag on margin. We did see positive mix benefits and some of our higher margin product lines grew faster in the quarter, including nutrition products, we mentioned BioSurgery. IVIG has slightly higher than average corporate margins, so we did see some mix benefits that offset that. The FX benefit I mentioned is a modest benefit as we talked about in the past. We have a fair amount of natural hedge, given our manufacturing footprint around the world and our -- beyond the ground, nature of many of our operations and countries around the world. So we have a fair amount of local expense we incurred and offset some of that. We do some hedging at a corporate level for the major currencies. And so any impact on FX tends to be fairly muted. As emerging market currencies have appreciated, though pretty significantly here over the last several months, particularly Latin America, some Eastern European and emerging Asia countries, we do get a slight benefit from that because we do not hedge, we do have local expenses but we tend not to hedge in those locations because it's difficult to make it cost effective. But again, it's a modest impact, not significant.
Robert Hombach: No. At this point there are no significant upcoming tenders in Europe on a magnitude of the U.K. tender certainly. A smaller tender later this year in Ireland, is really the only one ...
Robert Hombach: Yes, and as we said in the past, the vast, vast majority of our global IV franchise is not subject to tenders.
Robert Hombach: Well, to say, I mean, we're working to finalize the fee-for-service agreement with the distributor that we mentioned. And certainly, to the extent we're successful in doing that, which we expect we will be, and we should see a normalization in volume as we move throughout 2011.
Robert Hombach: As I've mentioned, the impact of currency is fairly modest. But given where we're at today, given the strength of many currencies versus the U.S. dollar, it would be a slight benefit going forward. Yes, we factored some of that into our guidance certainly, but it's not going to be a material impact to us.
Robert Hombach: No. I think the full impact of the U.K. tender in terms of patient loss, really was the fourth quarter, so really through the rest of this year we'll be working through that. And really it won't be till 2012.
Robert Hombach: I think, as we've talked about in the past, we continue to see opportunities to expand both gross and operating margins going forward. The company generated significant improvement in both those metrics from 2004 to 2009. The pace of which we're not going to able to match that as we go forward from this point, but we do see opportunities to continue to improve that. So without putting a timeline on it, it is something that even in the midst of what you see as a difficult quarter related to the Castlebar issue, we absorbed the pension expense increase and so on, we still see the opportunity through growing our higher margin businesses faster to continue to drive some positive mix benefit there. So going forward, we will improve gross margins, I do believe, but I don't want to put a time frame on how fast getting back to 2009 levels. The world was very different in 2009. That's pre-U.S. Healthcare Reform, pre-austerity measures in Europe, and so on. So that's something we will continue to work through here and as Bob mentioned, we'll think about providing some longer-term view on that, perhaps later this year.
Robert Hombach: Okay. Well, on the Medical Products divs, Danielle. It is our belief that there will be -- there's not going to be a big ta-da moment there, in terms of impact. This is continuous improvement and getting back to the primary motivation of integrating those two businesses and combining them had more to with enhancing product development timelines and improving effectiveness in a number of areas. It was not certainly exclusively, and in fact not even primarily a cost reduction effort, okay? In terms of structural cost and so on. Now having said that, there is meaningful opportunity there. It's something that will impact us and rollout over time, but I would not expect to see some big announcement there about a big chunk of structural cost that we're taking out and some kind of organizational announcement and so on. It's going to be of an evolutionary nature, not a dramatic nature like that. But I will tell you, over the next five years, in a lot of different ways, we believe the combination of those businesses, and back to your earlier question about margin improvement, will be helpful to bolster gross margin growth.
Robert Hombach: Yes. So you mentioned that the PD drivers in the U.S. So absent the Frosenia [ph] issue, I think we have previously mentioned that they have been a customer of ours in the U.S. for PD and have taken the decision to transfer their patients on to their own therapy. We've largely absorbed that issue here maybe a bit more in the second quarter, absent that though, we are seeing strong U.S. PD patient growth as a result of the change in reimbursement here in 2011. And are very pleased with that, but we will have at least one more quarter of issue there as the last few patients are transferred over.
Robert Hombach: Yes. That PPTA data is pretty much in line with what we just commented about in terms of mid-single-digit market expansion. Mary Kay, why don't you expand on that.
