José E. Almeida: David, I don't want to preempt our meeting in May, but I will give you a few things that we're considering very seriously. First of all is taking from the top, we need to alter the weighted average market growth rate of our businesses. By doing that, we will look at some organic programs that can help us get into some adjacent markets and also some acquisitions. When also we look at execution, we need to continue to improve our execution on a global basis and make sure that we are in the right businesses around the globe. Being global is not to be all over the place, so we need to make sure that we're focusing in countries and geographies for businesses that make sense. So all this work is in process as we speak. When I look at on the cost base and expense, we want to take the company to a rebase exercise, cost rebase, and find out what is the appropriate level of support that we need to maintain our company and provide for continuous improvement and operational excellence programs that will deliver better results than we have spoken about in terms of operating income back in May last year. So we are working very diligently right now in creating this strategic framework. We're working on our portfolio initiatives. But we understand some of these initiatives on the top line take a little longer, and I have no issues augmenting that with some acquisitions, and I have no problems accelerating our cost reduction rebasing the cost of the company to be able to create momentum until we can get the innovation machine reignited again.
José E. Almeida: Yeah, David. We almost there are completing that analysis. We've put our portfolio through about five different filters, and we actually have a pretty good idea of the things that we will invest for top line growth versus ROIC and ones that are strategic bets and ones that we're going to manage more for cash. I would say to you. I'm going to give a few examples. We have a very good IPS business, the integrated pharmacy solutions is a very good business, and it's something that we probably can double down as an example. We will be making organic investments, possibly inorganic investments. I just want to circle back to your comment about large size M&A. When we go down this path and we look at inorganic opportunities, size is not what matters but the ability, the ability to change the weighted average market growth rate of our businesses is key to us. And those acquisitions will be singles and doubles. They will not be big things in one shot. We're going to make right decisions with our shareholders' money. And we need to balance that well, but we need to make sure also that we can successfully integrate and generate a step change in how we grow that business that we acquired. So we'll be focusing great deal of our attention in the value the business brings to us strategic, but IPS is a good place to start.
José E. Almeida: Well, we're going to, Mike, take a look at, we have three to five years horizons. Right? So what can we do to change the trajectory of the company's top line growth and bottom line? What comes first? So we need to – we already have embarked on this extensive operational excellence program to cut cost. We're going to double down on that and become a little bit more aggressive. That will create some momentum as we continue to look for the opportunities at the top line. When you talk about the capital allocation at top line, we have about four, five businesses that we probably get a significant amount of investment from the company on the organic arena. I'm going to talk more about that in May. I don't want to pre-empt that now. But also we're going to invest inorganically in opportunities for those businesses. When we talk about how to hit it well, we want to change – we want to buy business that they're growing faster than our current based business. That is a pretty obvious thing. The second thing is if we can combine that with good synergistic deal, we'll do it as well. And why do I put a bracket around very large deals? Because very large deals are very difficult to find. We can keep looking for a deal like that. It will take a couple of years versus just creating a really good strategy by looking at adjacencies and pairing (38:20) good businesses with acquisitions that makes sense. I don't discard size being large, but I'd just say, it's much more difficult to encounter that than something else that will create value almost instantly and you can execute a little faster. So I'm looking at this whole thing as a journey where we make sure that our cost is in place while we augment our internal innovation and supplement internal innovation with some really well thought out acquisitions.
José E. Almeida: Bob, we need to look this in phases. We need to bring the leverage at the same time that we invest, meaning we need to accelerate some of our cost reductions. Secondly, our spending in R&D today is adequate for the portfolio as we see in the near and midterm. Meaning we don't need to spend more money than we're spending today as a matter of mix. And if we need to spend more money, we need to self-fund that and make sure that does not impact our earnings. So this is not an investment story where we have an R&D budget that is completely underfunded to deliver an innovation. We just need to do a better job in allocating capital to the right franchise that have the chance to grow faster. So I had mentioned for instance IPS. We'll double down in IPS to be able to get more molecules to the marketplace, so we're working on plans like this very rapidly. But that is a reallocation of resources. I want to make sure our investors are clear that as we work to accelerate our cost reductions to provide for improved bottom line, we will create a mix change in how we spend money to be able to invest in the right things and concurrently look at some good acquisitions that will come in and create a momentum and change in our weighted average market growth rate.
José E. Almeida: Matt, this is Joe. I can only speak about the Baxter product. In terms of the industry, you outlined well. There's always a concern. But this is not only – the only programmable pump that you have in that category. You have (48:28) pumps, you have all kinds of different things that fall into that category. But speaking specifically about our business, we have launched a really good product. And you can attest to – the testament to it is the sales growth and how we are gaining back market share and how that business is doing well. The team is executing very, very well. Our objective is to continue to improve the operation ability of the pump. We have new versions coming up in a couple more years. We have two more versions of the same platform. We are very excited about the prospect to create some new features within this pump, and we think in terms of cybersecurity, our pump has performed well. You can't in this area always guarantee 100%. We're doing the best we can to make sure that the platform we have is safe and secure for the clinicians who are programming it for the patients who are receiving the fluid.
José E. Almeida: Well, as you read the same headlines I do read, there is a contraction in some of the major – the larger emerging market economies. Very different in nature between China and Brazil and Russia, but nonetheless, we do 25% of our business in those regions. I think one particular thing about our business is that we are not a physician preferred product in those regions, and we are a hospital necessity. So we're talking about infusion, we're talking about dialysis, and those products are needed. So we have seen price pressure in those markets, but we probably saw that ahead of many people because of the nature of the products. So we feel that the risk of those markets for Baxter deteriorating further is pretty low. With all that said, is our responsibility to look at our portfolio in those countries and make sure that we're selling the right products to the right markets. And we're going through that process as we speak. But in terms of the headlines for Baxter is those are necessity products in hospital settings, and we've seen most of the contraction already. I'm not saying that we're not going to have them in the future, but we are not a physician preferred product company in those markets. So I feel very comfortable that our strategy at the moment is solid. But going forward, rest assured we're going to look at every region and every country to make sure that the business we have are profitable and have good prospects going forward.
José E. Almeida: So just a comment on how new I am. I can tell you I know where the cafeteria is because I eat there almost every day. So the culture of the company is one of innovation for many years. I think by not having Baxalta as part of Baxter today really puts the spotlight how we take those franchise that have been trusted in a long-term franchises around the globe and make them more innovative, create adjacencies within our own capabilities, our four walls here for organic growth. And the culture that I'm passing on to our employees is very clearly is about having a strategic direction, and that's about 10% of the conversation. 90% of the conversation is execution. So it's making sure that once we make the allocation of capital to the right programs, that our people deliver on time or better than that. And that's all about execution. So that's what I'm watching very closely, because I think we have very, very smart people at Baxter. I'm not surprised, but I'm very pleased with what I found here, and I want the folks of Baxter to understand that from this point when we get this strategy going, it's all about execution. And I think I have everybody behind me when it comes to that.
José E. Almeida: Thanks, Joanne. How are you? Listen, I'm very, very excited about home hemodialysis, first of all. It is what I call blue ocean for the company. It is a great clinically needed innovation. It is not a easy market to get in because the technology has to be absolutely perfect for bringing this therapy to the home. But we think we have the right technology and working very hard to refine technology. Right now we already have kicked off our U.S. clinical trial for VIVIA, and we're excited about that. In Europe, we have early patients and we're learning very quickly about our VIVIA platform, and the use of this device is proving to be well received in Europe. So we like our technology. It is an area that I will call is a strategic bet and why is it strategic? Because it's high end market growth, potential for good revenue per patient, but more so the therapy itself is absolutely fantastic for the hemodialysis patient to be able to do this at home. So we're going to continue to improve our technology, and we will try to put some momentum behind accelerating the U.S. trial as much as we can and work with the agencies and CMS and see if we can get this technology at a different level.
José E. Almeida: We will continue to work on inorganic and organic areas. I would say to you that a leg of the stool may be just enhancing a franchise that we have. We spoke about IPS and very, very excited about that. I like our specialty injectable business today, and I think augmenting that can become a real good business. And in terms of white space is a little early. We need to kind of get our capital allocation going well, and once we have that well segmented within our population and our management objectives then we can do a white space analysis, and we will proceed on going down that path. But we really have enough opportunities right now to augment the current businesses. And their adjacencies as well. Thank you.
José E. Almeida: For surgical care. So the utilization remains at a good point in U.S. I would say the U.S. has shown really good resilience, and we're happy about that. There's a couple things about the surgical business, one that our anesthesia gases are performing very well, and we need to do a better job in our biosurgery business. We're going to be coming up with some specific actions in terms of execution, but also how we're going to manage that business on a global basis, as well as that is an area that we probably should be looking to augment our portfolio. It's a great area of opportunity. Baxter has fantastic franchises within that category, and we want to make sure we don't miss the opportunity to take advantage of the market growth. So speaking about the PD business, we are growing our patient basis. So that is market share growth. And I'm going to tell you our new technology, new platform AMIA is fantastic, and we're having some really early successes and we're looking for a very good 2016 in that arena.
James K. Saccaro: Great. So there are a number of different variables that have impacted our performance since we sat together in the May. I'll highlight maybe the four most significant. As David pointed out, we guided to an operating margin of 10% for 2016. Obviously, we're very pleased to report our expectations now are an 11% operating income margin. One of the key drivers relates to foreign exchange. The foreign exchange environment since May has moved very significantly. We can talk later about EPS impacts, but from an operating margin impact relative to our May expectations, we're down about 1.4% in terms of margin impact due to foreign exchange. As you'll recall, in the second half of the year, a lot of the emerging markets currencies moved while the developing markets currencies stabilized, and for us because we don't hedge emerging market currencies it did have a 1.4% impact on our overall margin. We did have higher than expected cyclo in 2016. So as I pointed out in my prepared remarks, we'll achieve about $180 million of cyclo sales in 2016. That's roughly 1 percentage point higher than we expected. We also have positive pension. There are a number of impacts that we have with respect to our pension, some of which we had anticipated in part related to the contribution of the retained stake, but some of which we did not anticipate, and that's about 60 basis points of improvement as we move to 2016. But I will tell you the area that's most important as we look at the stability of the operations from my perspective relates to the operational performance and OpEx savings which contribute about a point of margin improvement relative to our May investor conference expectations. So those are the four factors. With cyclo and pension, essentially offsetting FX and then the over achievement really, in my view, coming from operational strength.
James K. Saccaro: Yeah, sure. I mean, look, fluid systems really has two primary drivers of growth in the fourth quarter, and then also as we move to next year we'll see similar levels of performance based on those two drivers. And the first one, I would say, is the infusion systems business. In particular, in the U.S. we had well north of 20% growth in our infusion systems business. And breaking that down, there's two components of that. One is the sale of the SPECTRUM Pump, which has recently relaunched, and that clearly is capital related. But as I think about the long-term sustainability of the business, really we were very pleased with the sets associated with that. And so we had very strong performance in set sales as well, well into double digits. So those were the two drivers on the infusion systems side. From an IV therapy standpoint, we've commented previously about the marketplace conditions, some of the actions that we've taken and also continued demand for this important product. And so we did report very solid growth in the IV therapy business as well, well into double digits. And so in combination these items contributed to -- in the U.S. and my growth rates are in relation to the U.S. -- the fluid systems growth that we reported of 27%. So clearly this was a bright spot for us. We do expect this to continue, but of course not at the Q4 rates. So we'll see some moderation as we move to the 2016 plan. So overall very pleased with it. Some of it is related to capital spending but, as you know, most hospitals have lacked for many years an attractive alternative from a pump standpoint for a variety of different reasons. So we do believe there is some level of pent-up demand. We have a fairly good line of sight to the sales plan for 2016, so this is an area that I think is really one of the growth drivers for Baxter in 2016 and beyond.
James K. Saccaro: Yeah, Mike, maybe I'll take a step back and address the retained stake overall to address your question in totality. From the retained stake standpoint, there are two things that are very clear to us today: First, as you know, we're in the process of finalizing the bank line transaction, which is going to reduce our gross debt by $1.45 billion. That will be completed imminently. The second item is, in this quarter, we expect to contribute more than $600 million in equity to our pension plan. That of course is subject to Department of Labor approval. So those things are in my view very definitive. As we move on to the remaining transactions, our preliminary plan is to pursue two additional transactions. One is an equity for debt exchange, and the second is an equity for equity split-off. We currently expect to pursue the debt exchange early in Q2 and the equity exchange closer to mid-year. There's going to be a number of factors that lead us to finally size these transactions, but you're right: from a placeholder standpoint, our current view is that we'll use at Baxalta's current price a little more than $2 billion to retire debt and a little less than $1 billion to retire equity. But as I said before, these transactions are subject to market conditions, optimal pricing, and our objective is to maximize long-term value and optimize economics with respect to these transactions. So as far as definitive plans, I can tell you these are our very preliminary plans, but by no means definitive. We're evaluating what the optimal mix is, so there may be changes to these transactions as we move forward based on the receptivity of the market and a number of other factors. As we finalize plans and execute transactions, clearly we'll update guidance. But, you know, we have enough information today to share with you these preliminary estimates which provide sort of some balance around the guidance range that were given. In combination, we expect about a $0.15 benefit this year. There would be some increase to next year in part because the equity for equities transaction would occur very close to mid-year in this plan assumption and also the equity for debt exchange we'd have at least a quarter more of benefit rolling into 2017.
James K. Saccaro: Yeah, there is an important point to make which is – and you know this about our business, Bob. We have seasonality, which typically the second half of the year is stronger than the first half. And the fourth quarter is typically one of the strongest margin quarters that we have, in large part because of incremental sales performance that naturally occurs. And so as we think about margin performance next year versus this year, I do think it's important to look at the entire year holistically. And if you think about the full year for 2015, we're at about approximately 9% margin going to the 11% that we've guided to. So it is a fairly substantial step change improvement in margin. The other point I will make is our Q1 guidance does have the lowest margin of the year. Again, in part driven by the fact that Q1 sales are typically the lightest because of all of the fixed costs we have in place, there is some absorption that does not occur due to the lower level of sales. So I think those are a couple of important points. By and large we're very pleased with the margin improvement that this plan indicates. The second half of the year was very important for us, in large part because it gave us confidence that we could give solid guidance for 2016 and that we could operate effectively on a standalone basis. But I do think it's important to consider the seasonality and the trending in margin when we think about 2016.
James K. Saccaro: Yeah. So essentially we're talking about, as I said, 200 basis points from 2015 to 2016. And let me highlight a few items for you that impact that. Cyclo is about 80 basis point or 90 basis point drag relative to 2015. PROTOPAM is another item that we've discussed previously, which is approximately a 30 basis point item. Foreign exchange is about a 1.6 point on a year-over-year basis margin drag. So it's a very substantial – relative to May, it's less. On a year-over-year basis, it's even more than that. The pension, again, is about a point of improvement year-over-year. But then there are a number of other critical items, and again, these are the ones that I'm happiest to point out. SG&A savings, we're talking about a two percentage point improvement in SG&A. R&D savings, we're talking about a 60 basis point improvement. And then operationally, because many of the initiatives that we're putting in place from a mix volume standpoint along with some of our pricing and economic value capture initiatives along with general business growth yields approximately a little more than one percentage point of margin improvement. So I walked you through a number of items there, and there's a lot of moving pieces that take us from the 9% to 11%. But as I say, there are a number of important ones that we can point to operationally that are really driving this improvement that I think, based on the second half of this year, we have confidence in as we move forward.
James K. Saccaro: Yeah, sure. Just a couple of comments in terms of Q1. Historically for Baxter, Q1 has been the weakest quarter of the year with approximately 23% to 24% of full-year sales occurring in the quarter and 2016 is no different for us. The result of that of course is you have a lower drop through both in terms of margin and then ultimately in terms of EPS. And then there is another factor which is, we do have a slightly larger FX impact in the first quarter than we do in later quarters in the year. So roughly 40% of the FX impact on a full-year basis occurs in the first quarter of the year. So really those would be the two items that I would point to. There's nothing specific beyond that as we look at sales and performance in 2016.
James K. Saccaro: Joanne, you asked a question about pension and quantifying, and you commented on $600 million. I think – I hope I didn't say that. That's an overstatement in terms of the impact on operating margin. On plan, it's about 60 basis points, which is closer to $60 million of unplanned benefit. But maybe taking a step back to talk about the overall impact of pension, overall we expect approximately a $0.14 benefit year-over-year from pension. $0.07 roughly of that relates to the retained stake contribution that we plan to make in the coming month or so. And then the remaining portion, there's a few different pieces. First, the actual discount rate used to measure the liability has increased, and the result of that is approximately a $0.035 benefit. Second, as we've evaluated our accounting for our pension plan, we made three adjustments. One is we updated the mortality table that we're using. The second is we are now employing the recently approved methodology for accounting for discount rate and that's a benefit. And then the return on asset assumption is an item that we've lowered. So those three accounting changes that we've made impact us positively by about $0.02. And then we have some amortized losses that are rolling off. So that's about $0.01. So in combination, we're talking about a $0.14 year-over-year impact, and importantly this counteracts some of the negatives like the lack of sundry income that we experienced in 2016 along with the significant headwind on foreign exchange. But overall, the pension impact is in that order of magnitude.
