Mary Kay Ladone: Thanks, Sean, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Joining me today are Bob Parkinson, CEO and Chairman of Baxter International; Bob Hombach, Chief Financial Officer; and Dr. Norbert Riedel, Chief Science and Innovation Officer. Before we get started, let me remind you that this presentation, including comments regarding our financial outlook, new product developments and regulatory matters, contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, and of course, our actual results could differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filings for more detail concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. In addition, in today's call, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Baxter's ongoing business performance. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures being discussed today to the comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings release issued this morning and available on our website. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Bob Parkinson.
Mary Kay Ladone: Yes, I would agree, Larry. We're not expecting the set revenue growth to change dramatically for the next several quarters, due to the comps, as now we've replaced all the COLLEAGUEs with the SPECTRUM, but we are seeing now the share loss that we've experienced impact our disposable set sales.
Mary Kay Ladone: Yes, Rajeev, I would add, I don't have a year-over-year perspective I can give you on adult prophylaxis. But today, our projection is that about 15% of all the patients that are in the U.S., that 15% are adults on prophy. So there's a large opportunity to continue to convert, especially in light of our ADVATE label.
Mary Kay Ladone: And, David, I would add, the majority of the tender timing is really related to FEIBA and not PD Factor VIII, although that was a piece of it. And the total impact in the quarter on sales was about $45 million.
Mary Kay Ladone: I think, Mike, it'll depend on the timing and what opportunities we have to communicate and what type of information we have to communicate. So I don't know that we have an answer today for your question.
Mary Kay Ladone: Mike, and I'd add on Alzheimer's, I think it's similar to the HyQ situation. It all depend on what type of information, the timing of information and what we have to disclose. So we've made no decisions at this point.
Mary Kay Ladone: Yes. I mean, moving from on-demand therapy, which could be 44 bleeds a year, to prophylaxis where you're taking it, depending on whether you're doing it PK or through standard prophylaxis, either 2x or 3x a week, you're probably talking volume increase of about 2x to 3x the volume.
Mary Kay Ladone: This is weight-based. I wouldn't -- I'd say 6 sounds a little high, Matt, but it is weight-based, so it does depend. It's customized to the patient.
Mary Kay Ladone: Right. And I would say Brandon, too, that this is the fourth and last of the national tenders that have played out over the last several years. So we'll be soon approaching a time where we may be participating in these tenders when they're renewed over the next coming -- the coming years, which again, is not included in our long-range guidance.
Robert L. Parkinson: Sure, Larry. Let me -- I'll make some comments and then maybe turn it over to Bob Hombach. I mean, hopefully you all got a good context of this last week, and you're right, we're not going to get into specifics for 2013 this morning. I mean, clearly, we anticipate that the environment is going to continue to be very challenging. That's one of the assumptions that Bob Hombach had on one of his early slides in the presentation last week, going to continue to be very demanding. Obviously, as we move into '13, we do have a couple of issues that we're going to need to deal with, which are unique to next year. The device tax, which you're all familiar with, which is not insignificant in its impact. We're going to continue to be constrained on plasma capacity through the year in 2014, of course, with the Sanquin deal that we recently announced that will put us in a much better position. Interest rates remain very low. So in terms of pension exposure and so on, that might be a bit of a headwind as well. But you got a sense of the long-term guidance last week that Bob provided. The environment's going to continue to be challenging. But as I commented in my prepared comments this morning, the underlying drivers of our business continue to be very solid, and we're making I think great progress on a lot of fronts. So I'll stop there. I don't know, Bob, if you want to add anything to that. I probably covered most of the things that you would comment on but there may be, you or Mary Kay.
Robert L. Parkinson: Yes, this is Bob Parkinson, Larry. We're not going to comment specifically on pricing strategies for reasons I'm sure you understand. We completed the COLLEAGUE activity in terms of all the pumps out of the market. So we continue to manage through what I'll call kind of a stabilizing time in the market. We had, as Bob mentioned, some tough comps because a year ago was when we were pretty significantly expanding our SIGMA placements. So I think this, the set business, the access set business, it's starting to settle out. I would tell you I don't see a robust turnaround in that at all in the coming couple of quarters. I think we're still going to go through what I'll just -- as I characterized kind of a settling out period here. Mary Kay, or...
Robert L. Parkinson: No, not at all. I mean, despite the challenging environment in Western Europe, the reality is I think we have opportunities to do better, and we're still making selective investments where there are, what I'll just call, promotional pressure points throughout all of our businesses. I mean, that's necessary to do. The strength in the U.S., both in the quarter and year-to-date, has been encouraging, not sure how sustainable it is quite at that level going forward, as Jean-Luc Butel featured last week at the Investor Conference. Clearly, emerging developing markets continues to be a priority. These are markets that are still commanding a significant piece of our incremental investment, both in infrastructure, frankly, but also promotional focus. And I think these are markets that we have to do better in and I think we will do better going forward. So -- but no, don't assume that because of the challenging macro environment in Western Europe, that we're abdicating that or giving up on that in any way. I mean, it continues to be, as you know, a big piece of our business. And as I said, I think there continue to be opportunities to invest in those markets as well.
Robert L. Parkinson: Just to look back to the -- on the recombinant question, I think it's fair to say that the volume strength is primarily attributed to the uptake really on prophylaxis, which is different than a share shift dynamic. The clinical data on the low bleed rate has been pretty effective in a competitive context, but I think the prophylaxis label has really been the primary driver of the strength today. And as Mary Kay commented in one of the earlier questions, we're still in the early stages of, I think, penetrating the opportunity that exists here. So as we commented, we're quite encouraged about that.
Robert L. Parkinson: Yes. Well, again, I'm somewhat limited until we finalize the agreement. And as I commented at the conference last week, really, the only reason that I even commented on this is, there has been a local publication on the award that was given, the exclusive award that was given to Baxter. And given that it's in the public domain, I did want to comment on it. The fact that the contract is not finalized, I think we're somewhat limited to offer too many more specifics, Matt, than what we shared last week. But just to reiterate a few things that we did comment on last week, just if there's some callers this morning that didn't follow that, it is an exclusive award, specifically as it relates to recombinant Factor VIII, okay? We think the opportunity is significant. We commented Brazil is the third-largest hemophilia market in the world, with more than, I think, it's about 10,000 individuals, is that right, Mary Kay, that have hemophilia A in Brazil. The intent of the Brazilian government, and this is one of the largest plasma-derived markets in the world is to, in as a short an order as possible, fundamentally convert all those plasma-derived patients to recombinant. So this is a material opportunity. And given the exclusive nature of it, clearly puts us in a position where we're able to establish, I think, the relationship with both the treaters and the patients that should benefit us on other hemophilia-related products over time that are not part and parcel to the specific collaboration. So you mentioned FEIBA, that would be an example. But certainly, future products like Factor VII, Factor IX, von Willebrand's, longer acting and so on, are not really part of the agreement, but would allow us to build on this foundation going forward. So at this point, I think I'm going to stop so I don't share any more than I should. But like I say, when the contract gets finalized, which hopefully will be within the next several weeks, then we'll be very specific. But I think you can conclude this is a material opportunity. And as I commented last week, it's a model, an example of what I referred to as public-private partnerships that support the vector for growth of government collaborations, and I think it can be an example of some things that we're going to try to do elsewhere. In fact, as I commented last week, we actually have active discussions on other businesses with other countries. So stay tuned on that.
Robert L. Parkinson: Norbert, why don't you -- Dr. Riedel, this is Mike, Norbert, why don't you may be address this and then Bob or Mary Kay can add.
Robert L. Parkinson: Yes, that's a great question, Jonathan. Well, one of the areas that we've really focused on this year is broadening our engagement and really the global resources focused on what we call market access, which is beyond the traditional go-to-market model of feeling the sales force and detailing the health care professionals. I mean, we've always had gap organizations in place that have established relationships with the government. But locally in the country, but rolled up through the regions as well as in the U.S., we've increasingly, I think, formalized the process that we are becoming increasingly attuned to what the priorities are of the governments who at the end of the day are the payers for most of health care, and then identifying those areas in which we think we can be a viable partner. As an example, and I won't say which government it is, but we had representatives from the Health Ministry here in Deerfield a couple of weeks ago talking about several different issues of priority for them. One of which is a common theme almost around the world that governments are challenged by is how do they manage the escalating costs of treating end-stage renal disease. And increasingly, there's an open-mindedness and a recognition that treating patients in the home not only is more convenient for the patient, oftentimes can lead to enhanced clinical outcomes, but clearly, care can be delivered at a lower cost than a traditional in-center type of environment. So we have, and we will continue to expand our resources, refine our competencies in an untraditional way starting with attempting to understand and empathize with the position of the governments and the payers on what their priorities are and then doing a crossmatch with the therapies that we're in, whether it's end-stage renal disease, whether it's in plasma therapeutics or whatever it may be, where our leadership position, we believe, objectively we present ourselves as a viable partner, and challenge them to open their minds to a different way of collaboration. One of the things that I feel very strongly about is I think, I used this expression last week, necessity is the mother of invention. And I think they need is becoming so intense for governments and payers, it's forcing them to say we have to think about unconventional and different ways to partner with industry if we're fundamentally going to get at these cost drivers that historically, everyone's been frustrated at their inability to deal with. And the traditional vendor-customer relationship where price on the product is the only variable, clearly, we understand why people are focused on that, to try to attempt to drive cost down, but we're reaching floors in that. And so we're really perceiving, in developed markets, an open-mindedness to collaborate in ways that heretofore they haven't. Conversely, in emerging markets, who have the challenge of providing access at what we call the base of the pyramid, which is as much of their population as possible to therapies, they too are looking for ways to finance access more broadly to care. And again, the traditional, what I call Western models of go-to-market, I think have to be challenged and kind of turned on end as it relates to emerging markets. So I'll stop there. I touched on several different elements, but there's a reason we broke this out as a fourth growth vector. We used the examples of the recent Sanquin collaboration, Jean-Luc took the group last week through the collaboration on what's referred to as the PD First program in Thailand. We hope to share more specifics with you shortly on the collaboration in Brazil, but I think these are just the first of what's now going to be a continuing stream over time of collaborations that are going to be significant contributors to our growth.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes, yes, I would just reiterate a lot of what Bob said but also just highlight a few of the key factors that we talked about last week. Certainly, our expectation around the environment, as it relates to Western Europe in particular, is that we don't see any significant improvement. We started out this year with an expectation that Western Europe was going to be, call it, flattish in 2012, and that held up pretty well through the first half of the year, but we certainly saw incremental softness in the third quarter and now expect for the full year that Western Europe, from a top line perspective, will be down slightly. And as we go into next year, that's something we'll definitely be factoring into our thinking. But the dynamics of the business, as we talked about yesterday, we still see opportunities to drive incremental leverage, whether it's in gross margin or in SG&A over time, modest but incremental through some of our reengineering initiatives, to the positive business mix that we expect to continue to see in the business, even withstanding some of the headwinds that Bob mentioned that we've already talked about for 2013. And putting it all together is why we directionally indicated last week that our long-range outlook is 7% to 9% for EPS growth but that 2013 would be at the low end of that.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes. Rajeev, we certainly have seen strong results here in the first 3 quarters. As we talked about in the first half of the year, with the new ADVATE prophy label, we did expect that some of that was stocking. As we go into the fourth quarter, our expectation would be to grow more in line with the market, maybe slightly faster but certainly not the double digits that we've been posting here. I would say though that we are in the early days of really benefiting from the PK dosing, the every 3-day dosing opportunity that we have within the U.S. As Ludwig Hantson mentioned last week, with the August approval for the 4,000 IU for ADVATE, that really puts us in a great position to go out and work with patients and treaters, to convert them to every 3-day dosing, because that allows them to use a single vial to do the increased dosing required to do every 3 days. So we're very early days in that as well. We are very excited about the opportunity, but I would expect in the fourth quarter, we'd see a moderation here from the growth rate that we've seen in the first 3 quarters, but still strong.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes. I'd say we're pretty far along with the geographic shift that we are looking to accomplish here. Really started in the second quarter and I think accelerated to a level in the third quarter we'll be at on a run-rate basis going forward here. As it relates to volume, I do believe that mid-single digit unit volume growth is a sustainable level for us as we go forward. As we mentioned last week, we are now in the process of working through the modest refurbishments that we need to do to the older facility in L.A. We've built up enough pace in advance of that to support a mid-single digit unit volume as we go forward. As we mentioned also, we recently received approval in the third quarter in Rieti for the capacity expansion we had coming along -- coming online there, so that will be ramping up. We continue to work to expand capacity utilization in new L.A. So there's a number of factors here that will play into that, but we do think as we go into 2013, mid-single digit volume growth is a sustainable level for us. And as we get into 2014, certainly, with Rieti being a more ramped up with new L.A. reaching hopefully full potential, with old L.A. being back online and the Sanquin deal, then our volume situation becomes significantly better in 2014.
Robert J. Hombach: No, David. If you're referring to Brazil. No, the answer is they're disconnected. I think I mentioned actually on the third quarter call, that we are likely going to have some timing differences between tender shipments between the third and fourth quarter, and that certainly has played out even a bit more than we expected. So the fourth quarter timing around tenders is not related to anything over that. Now there is the opportunity to the extent we conclude an agreement to have some participation in recombinant Factor VIII in Brazil in the fourth quarter, and part of our guidance range, I would characterize the year end this year as a bit more uncertain than we would normally see, whether it's mature markets like Western Europe, where governments are under significant budget constraints, and whether there's activity to slow down utilization in the fourth quarter or not is something that we're keeping a close eye on, but also just volatility around emerging markets and year-end shipments. Those are some of the reasons why we've gone with the $0.03 range in the fourth quarter trying to accommodate some of that potential variability, but not related to anything in terms of the Brazil per se.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes. We've incurred more than $200 million each of the last 2 years. So I think if you adjust for COLLEAGUE, it would be north of $3.2 billion that we'd be shooting for here in 2012 and certainly we won't have that headwind going into 2013. So cash flow from operations growth, as we talked about in the Investor Conference last week, should be roughly in line with earnings growth. So you should think about growing it off of a slightly higher base than the $3 billion that we're projecting this year.
Robert J. Hombach: Certainly. Some elements, I think, are sustainable. Some I think were specific to the third quarter. The sustainable piece is strong U.S. demand in our hemophilia business, both for recombinant Factor VIII for ADVATE but also for FEIBA, which is one of our higher-margin plasma-derived proteins. And so FEIBA growth in the U.S. was strong as well. And we think, given the focus that we have both on the ADVATE prophylaxis label and PK dosing but also as Ludwig Hantson mentioned last week, we're very excited about the opportunities that FEIBA prophylaxis could present for us as well. So I think those dynamics continue. The thing that also impacted the third quarter positively for us really is the dynamic related to FX. So as you know, Europe is one of our larger markets and certainly our euro sales are pretty substantial. So the fact that the euro was pretty weak, particularly through much of the third quarter, depressed the sales line. But as you know, we're largely hedged, either naturally hedged or financially hedged, as it relates to the euro, so we're able to preserve the margin dollars even though the reported sales number comes down. So the margin calculation itself is actually benefited, as a result of that, we saw a pretty significant dynamic there. Now just within the last several weeks, you've seen the euro go from the low 120s up to 130, so we don't expect that margin FX benefit in the fourth quarter like we saw it in the third quarter. And it was more than 50 basis points in the quarter from an impact standpoint. We'll see some of that in the fourth quarter, but not anything quite that substantial. So I think those 2 factors, strengthened U.S. hemophilia and the FX dynamic trickling around the euro, are what drove this significant margin.
Robert J. Hombach: No, David, it's almost entirely the latter that you just mentioned. As we've talked about, we are constrained on a global basis in trying to optimize the limited supply that we have, recognizing that some of our competitors, like Octapharma, have historically had more strength in Europe and wanted to participate in more price-sensitive markets. So we've been actively shifting volume from Europe to the U.S., as I mentioned, starting in the second quarter but really reaching a peak here in the third quarter and reaching what I think will be largely a run rate as we go forward here. So that, really, I think, is the dynamic. There's nothing else significant going on that I'm aware of. We continue to participate in markets where we think it makes sense in Western Europe, where we have a long established position and we think an appropriate price point, and that will be something we'll support going forward. So I think we've largely done the shift that we're going to do.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes, sure. So on the conversion front, I think as Ludwig highlighted last week, we had a 2-pronged strategy when we got the label expansion in December of last year. The first was immediately to focus on the improvement in outcomes for patients and reducing bleeds to, on average, less than 1, but overall for up to 40% of the patients or more, no bleeds at all. So we started immediately with that and started to see some conversion from competitive products even in the beginning of this year. And now with the opportunity to more actively market the PK dosing for every 3 day dosing, we continue to be confident we're going to have opportunities there to be very competitive and potentially take some additional share as we go forward. So we're very familiar with this community. We literally know it patient by patient, so we have very good tracking mechanism to understand as patients come on to prophy, are they switching from on-demand from a Baxter product or on-demand from a competitive product or competitive prophy to prophy. So we've got reasonably good visibility there. On the IG front, it's a combination of 2 things, Matt. One is we're running at very, very low levels of safety stock, uncomfortably low, I would say, but the demand has been so strong, we're doing everything we can to meet market demand. And so that has put us in a situation of being on back order on a pretty consistent basis. So we've maybe stretched the volume side of this a bit here in 2012 from our original expectation but the demand has been so strong. But also, this dynamic as we mentioned in the prepared comments and I just mentioned to on other question, the shift from Europe to the U.S., there is a fairly meaningful price differential, from 20% to 30% in some cases, and so that provides some benefit to the sales line from a mix perspective as well. So it's a combination of really doing everything we can on the volume side and getting mix benefit as well, along with the very modest price increase that we talked about previously that we took in the U.S.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes, actually, what I mentioned was during the conference, that it actually won't be that dramatic on either side, about approximately 5. And the dynamics are in the outer years, we'll have more new products contributing to top line and bottom line growth, but we'll also have increased competition, whether it's in the hemophilia space or Factor VIII or in Suprane and cyclophosphamide on the Med Products side. And in the near term, as we start ramping up capacity, particularly in 2014, that will help the plasma situation. But in '13, we're still constrained. So to think about the dynamics around the approximately 5, I don't see a big swing over the 5 years plus or minus around that range going forward.
Robert J. Hombach: Given the strength of the demand in the U.S., the Octa return has effectively been a nonfactor for Baxter, given our product constraints, even though we've shifted a fair amount of product to the U.S. to try to meet this very strong demand. They are still operating with a suboptimal offering of a 5% concentration versus the 10% everybody else has. And despite being one of the lower-priced players in the market, they really haven't, I think, had much of an impact. But again, I think this really is about the strength of demand in the U.S. kind of overwhelming any of these other factors. So it really hasn't hit our radar screen.
Robert J. Hombach: Well, the one that is still pending in the recombinant space is the Canadian tender. And so we have been informed that we have been awarded a portion of that tender that's pretty consistent with our current position in the marketplace. The CBS has asked us not to be specific about the details, but I would tell you that the pricing is pretty consistent what we see in other major tender markets. And so as we go into 2013, that will be a modest headwind. But given all the other factors we talked about, the ADVATE prophy in the U.S., the potential opportunity in Brazil, our opportunity to continue to penetrate other emerging markets like China with approval now and eventually Russia by 2013 with ADVATE as well, we don't think that's going to be a net headwind for the year overall for the recombinant franchise. But other than that, there's no major tenders pending.
