Clare Trachtman: Thank you, Candace. Good morning, and welcome to our first quarter 2018 earnings conference call. Joining me today are Joe Almeida, Baxter's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Jay Saccaro, Baxter's Chief Financial Officer. On the call this morning, we will be discussing Baxter's first quarter of 2018 financial results, along with our final outlook for 2018. A supplemental presentation to complement this morning's discussion can be accessed on our website. This presentation, along with related non-GAAP reconciliations can be accessed on Baxter's external website in the Investors section under Events and Presentations. As a reminder, Baxter will be hosting an investor conference on May 21 in New York City with presentations beginning at 8:00 a.m. Eastern Time. At the conference, we will be providing an update on our strategic roadmaps and long-term financial aspirations, along with showcasing our promising new product pipeline at our Innovation Hall. The Innovation Hall will be open before and after the presentation. Registration information and additional details can be found in the Investors section of baxter.com on the Events and Presentations page. With that, let me start our prepared remarks by reminding everyone that this presentation including comments regarding our financial outlook, new product development, business development and regulatory matters contains forward looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties and, of course, our actual results could differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to today's Press Release and our SEC filings for more details concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. In addition, on today's call, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Baxter's ongoing business performance. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures being discussed today to the comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings release issued this morning and available on our website. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Joe.
Clare Trachtman: Sure, Robbie. It's Clare. With respect to BREVIBLOC, we do expect incremental competition starting in this quarter, in the second quarter. For cyclophosphamide, we're assuming the similar run rate in Q2 as we had in Q1, with competition entering in the second half of the year.
Clare Trachtman: It was about $8 million of a benefit in the quarter, $7 million to $8 million of a benefit in the U.S. from the flu in our Acute business.
James K. Saccaro: No, certainly, look, as we look at the growth rate moving into the balance of the year, it's largely consistent with what we've said in the past. For us, as we look at the second quarter, there was about a point of impact related to the hurricane that we saw in the first quarter. So, you could adjust for that to see a growth rate more along the lines of 4% and like as we said, the balance of the new products' impact as we look at 2018, will come in the second half of the year. So, one of the reasons why we've been able to guide to 4% previously and now 4% to 5% relates to the benefits of the new products that we'll be launching this year. But a lot of that impact, as I say, comes in the second half of the year, through things like KAGUYA along with the version nine of the SPECTRUM pump. So, really that's what drives the acceleration in the back half of the year relative to Q2.
James K. Saccaro: Yeah, just to give you a little background on the core operational growth of 4% to 5%, there are three items that that excludes. First, it excludes 70 basis points of Claris. So, basically seven months of Claris sales are excluded from the operational sales growth. The second item that it excludes is the cyclo impact, which on a year-over-year basis, we now expect to be around 70 basis points. And finally, the Mallinckrodt acquisition is also excluded from operational growth. And that's about 40 basis points of impact. So that's the drivers of the difference between constant currency growth and operational growth. Really, the primary reason why we've raised operational growth from the 4% to 5% was the solid Q1 performance, and we expect that to kind of hold throughout the rest of the year. That was really the driver that led to the increase.
James K. Saccaro: Yeah, we did see a little bit of overperformance relative to our Q1 margin, so, definitely pleased with that performance. I would tell you that pension is in line with our expectations and really, because of the accounting change in relation to how we think about the different components of pension, most of the benefit that we're seeing year-over-year takes place in other income or below the operating margin line. It's our expectation that Q1 will roughly be the lowest margin of the year. The 16.7% will be lower than what we'll expect to see in the balance of the year. We have a lot of, a number of good elements coming through in the back three quarters, in particular, no hurricane impact. Furthermore, we'll start to see the impact of some new product launches, as I mentioned earlier, but the big headwind that we have relates to cyclophosphamide in the latter part of the year because we are still anticipating a decline in that, which will impact margins a little bit. Having said that, like I say, we do expect a bit of a step-up from Q1 levels to the balance of the year.
James K. Saccaro: Great. And Robbie, congratulations on your new assignment there. Overall, the EPS guidance was raised, the midpoint was raised roughly $0.13. Of that, $0.09 of it relates to Q1 overperformance. And from our expectation, the $0.09 breaks down roughly $0.06 of operational performance, and there are a number of components of that where we saw strength, and then about $0.03 of financial, and that includes positive things like the tax rate, share count and a number of other items included in that. So that's really the Q1 overperformance. Looking to the balance of the year, the two primary changes that we made to the guidance relate to cyclophosphamide. We've added roughly $25 million of cyclo, which is around $0.03, and then we also have adjusted our bottom line to reflect the contribution of Mallinckrodt, which we expect to be approximately $0.01 positive. So, on balance, it's a roughly $0.13 raise. We've seen $0.09; we've got another $0.04 to go.
James K. Saccaro: Yeah, overall, we've seen strong performance from our manufacturing team. Over the course of the last several quarters, all of last year, as well. And that has paid off in part in our ability to raise gross margin guidance. In the quarter, we did have some negative FX impact. We also had the impact of certain supply chain expenses. As we look to alleviate and address some of the tight supply situation we were seeing across a number of our product lines in part related to the hurricane, in part related to the intense flu season, there was a lot of incremental freight that we experienced that impacted our gross margin. So, looking at gross margin, I would say that Q1 should be the lowest quarter of the year, despite the fact that we will see cyclo erosion in the back half of the year. So, we had a 43.8 roughly number. We do expect that to go up in Q2 and Q3 which will be the highest levels of the year and then it will be down a little bit relative to Q2 Q3 levels in the fourth quarter. As I said, as the most intense period of cyclo competition emerges. And so, on balance, like I say, we'll expect roughly flat to last year, recognizing that Q1 is below the full year level from last year.
James K. Saccaro: Certainly. The tax rate, we were pleased with a number of items. Obviously on the FAS 123R is just an element that happens each quarter. But there were a couple of settlements that impacted our tax rate in the first quarter of the year. We are not expecting or banking on those kinds of settlements moving forward. So, we do expect the full-year rate to be in line with what I mentioned on the call, better than the original guidance, but in line with what I mentioned earlier in my statements. And the result of that is there is a fairly significant step up from Q2 to Q4 related to tax. And so, we'll expect to see that in line with our expectations and like I say, we're not banking on significant items to occur in the balance of the year.
James K. Saccaro: Yeah, certainly. And Danielle, it's important to point out that while new products will play an important role in the back of the year, we also do benefit from an easy comp in fourth quarter in particular related to hurricane. So, I think that's one element to point out. But looking at – and we're very excited about the innovation pipeline. We'll be sharing a lot of detail with all of you at our Investor Day on May 21. Related to the back half of the year, I think really the two most prominent launches and the two most important, as we think about our long-term expectations for the company, relate to the version nine of the SIGMA SPECTRUM pump. This has an important innovation with respect to auto-programming, two-way wireless connectivity. So we think it's an important new feature that we added to the pump. And it's one that we're quite excited about. So that should drive some solid infusion systems growth in the back half of the year. The second piece relates to KAGUYA. This is our cycler in Japan. And for us, this is a great step forward from a technology standpoint for Japan. It includes our SHARESOURCE technology. And we look forward to continued, or growth in that market for the foreseeable future. And that becomes an important long-term item for us. I would say those are the two most prominent. But beyond that, there are a number of smaller launches along with geographic expansion that also feature in the second half numbers.
James K. Saccaro: Certainly. Overall, gross margins for the quarter were largely in line with our expectations. All of the impacts – again, we did not see a significant variance from what we expected. The biggest item that was a negative related to this freight. But that was not actually freight pricing; rather volumes of expedited freight related to addressing customer shipments. Certainly, this is a real area of focus for us, but our supply chain team, our purchasing team, along with our manufacturing team are incredibly focused on offsetting whatever impacts we see in raw material prices, like resin or oil, with hard savings dollars in other areas to keep us at or better than our budgeted expectations. Part of the reason why we did so well in Q1, along with things moving forward relates to strong performance from our manufacturing and supply chain team. We expect that to continue and we expect to work to offset these cost changes for input materials to continue.
James K. Saccaro: Yeah, the primary area where the flu impacted was our Acute business, where we did see outstanding growth. And what I will tell you is the remainder of our business, we did not see a significant change to our core hospital products business as a result of the flu, in large part because of some of the supply constraints that we had in place, but related to the Acute business it was roughly...
James K. Saccaro: Yeah. Certainly, we do expect to see incremental volumes in the back part of the year, but there was also a hurricane impact in our Medication Delivery business in the U.S. in the first quarter north of $10 million. So that was a key driver that we expect to subside in Q2 to Q4.
José E. Almeida: Vijay, it hasn't changed. We are very focused on three things. We continue to look to deploy cap rate dividends; share buyback, I think we've been very outspoken about that. And M&A. If we don't find the right M&As and we accumulate cash in our balance sheet, we'll buy share back. And our plan is always to continue to increase our dividend year-over-year. So, our capital plan is preset and unchanged from that point of view.
José E. Almeida: Robbie, let's start with Renal Care. I think the change from last year to this year which we feel confident is propelling momentum, we have a new agreement with DaVita in the U.S. that has been positive for the company. I think with DaVita undertaking this large and vast market of potential PD patients, and I think for the patient, both companies are engaged in advancing that modality. And I think, now with the lawsuit and the issues behind us, I think what we see now is the true growth of the market and the potential that we can achieve together. The second one is the Pharmaceutical business. I think what you see there is a lack of competition for cyclophosphamide. That's one thing. I think, if you look at the performance of Claris, that's coming slightly better than we thought. And we continue to plan to launch the molecules that we had planned in the past. So, another item that we'd like to comment is BREVIBLOC. BREVIBLOC is a drug that now has competition in the marketplace. However, we secured a customer base that continues to provide us with the business. And this has to do with a competitor who should be in the market and was not. Coming later on the year and we think if they don't come, we'll let you know. Now, if they continue to have problems, BREVIBLOC will continue to grow. If they come as we plan, which is in the guidance, actually, we'll also experience that competition. So, the Pharmaceutical business is strong despite the fact that BREVIBLOC has a competitor and it will continue to do well.
José E. Almeida: Hi, good morning. We feel that the market is very under penetrated. To date, there's only 3% of the population eligible for dialysis that isn't peritoneal dialysis. And one of the biggest impediments was the fear of peritonitis and contamination. What KAGUYA does, it has automatic assembly of the connecting tubes in the catheter. So is hands free. This device, we just got reports that we are really doing extremely well in our pre-launch efforts in Japan. It looks like it's taking off. So, the market in Japan is a highly profitable market, but was also under penetrated. So, with this launch, we hope that we can unlock the market by providing technology that puts at ease the fear of contamination and peritonitis. So, it's a milestone launch for Baxter.
José E. Almeida: I like it term Goldilocks. So, thinking about what -- I kind of pictured that right away instead of the acquisitions we have in mind. We don't put the size as much as what are the adjacencies to our business that lend themselves for acquisitions, okay? We are not pursuing white space acquisitions, meaning large acquisitions that have very little synergistic value for the company. But we are pursuing acquisitions, anything from $50 million to $3 billion, $4 billion, okay? So that's the space that we can play. We have the balance sheet to do so. But as I say all the time, it's all about the return, the returns, our ability to integrate successfully, preserve the culture. All the good things that I think we have done with Claris, for instance. Mallinckrodt was a small acquisition, but an integration similar. So, it's gone extremely well. So, we are pursuing very hard acquisitions. We have a very good team in place. So, the sizes are not what guides us, but the opportunity to really create value for our shareholders. As I said, double digit internal rate of return, 500, 600 basis points better than our cost of cap including debt. Cost of debt, I say about having an ROIC, the three to five years gets the company average. And we've been doing a good job with returning investor cap and return on assets. Company has done a good job in creating momentum on those two indexes. And more so create long-term growth that is in markets that are equal or better what Baxter currently competes on. So, I would say that, stay tuned. But if we don't find those acquisitions for whatever reason, they don't pan out, we have the balance sheet at our disposal to continue to buy aggressively shares back.
José E. Almeida: You're talking about building on the Advanced Surgery side? Okay. So, we do find ourselves with several opportunities. We still need to create a global portfolio that is more uniform, okay? So, we're doing that through organic opportunities. So, we have an active – several new products being developed. But we still have need to accelerate entering the market in some geographies for some products. So, you're going to continue to see an active pursue from Baxter in populating each portfolio across the globe. So we can have similar offerings, even if there's regional only, that will fulfill the whole gamut of hemostat and sealants that go, like you said, from your basic hemostat all to more complex variations of flow seal. And that allows us to provide the physicians with what they need to stop the bleeding and heal the patient.
José E. Almeida: Yeah, Bob, also now thinking about it strategically, how we provide product for the U.S. business. The U.S. market needs permanent volume increase from Baxter. So, we decided to supplement our volumes of large volume parenterals, which are the bags that go from 250 mL to 1 liter, with 100 million units coming from Mexico on a permanent basis. So what this does for us is threefold. First of all, it eases the fear of us ever getting into a situation where the company has been in the last few years where we had struggled with allocations and things of this sort. Second, allows us to go in and pursue new customers. And thirdly, and as important as the other two is the fact that we can have time to modernize and remediate our facilities in the U.S. and Puerto Rico. So, having this change in how we allocated volumes across the globe is very important. What people sometimes don't remember is Baxter is a global company with the ability to make products in many countries of the world to supply any geography that we need. And unfortunately, we had different thinking some time ago where we restrict ourselves to geographies. Not anymore. We have the ability to shift products from Brazil into the U.S., from Colombia into the U.S., from Castlebar in Ireland into the U.S., and vice-versa. And we also monitor volumes and demand across the globe. So, this is a new company that will be there for our patients and customers as they need our solutions.
José E. Almeida: Bob, I feel very confident. If I have to put this in baseball terms, and I hope all our audience today understand a little bit of baseball, but I would say that we are at the top of the third inning when it comes to innovation. So, while we have set up ourselves well that we have the right research and development team in place right now, we have the right structure in place, and we have really solid strategies by global business unit today. So if I look at the pipeline, every business of ours has a ten-year pipeline. We have technology development teams in place, we have associating ourselves with universities as the case of our center for the metric hydration you guys going to see in May. That has a lot to do with the collaboration between Vanderbilt University and Baxter. So, I feel the company has turned a corner in how it learns to innovate. And when I say we're at the top of the third inning because there's a bright future ahead of us and I think we have now the ability to accelerate, combined with the fact that we're leading out the organization with an SG&A now sub 22%, so we can now not only deliver the profitability to our investors, but also fund some of the innovation that is very needed.
José E. Almeida: We have no impact of this generic SUPRANE in the marketplace and the impact that we have in 2018 is none, is nil. So our conclusion goes along with what you just said. It's not an easy product to penetrate the marketplace and we don't think that, at the moment in time, there's any threat to our 2018 numbers. Neither we have seen anything that concerns us.
José E. Almeida: This is like getting a preview of a movie that has now gone to the theaters, in the Internet, when somebody filmed that illegally in the movie theater. I'm not giving you that one. Wait for it. It's not too far in the future. It's three and a half weeks, we'll be very happy to give you that insight when we are all in New York at the Sierra Hotel.
José E. Almeida: We have complete all the items that we have committed to the FDA that we're going to complete on time. We submitted that to the FDA. We can't speak on behalf of the FDA. But we can speak on behalf of Baxter that we have done everything that we've promised to do. And we continue to do because that's not an end game. You don't just do what the FDA asks you to. We continue to improve, find opportunities to improve our operation (54:10), and from our estimation, our plant has improved significantly. But we're not the FDA, as I said, and I cannot comment on their behalf. But we at Baxter continue to be satisfied with the level of improvement that we have seen at our facility.
Robbie J. Marcus: Jay, maybe I could start. You raised EPS guidance well above what you beat in the first quarter. Maybe you could give us a different breakdown of the different buckets of where it's coming from over the balance of the year.
Robbie J. Marcus: Great. And maybe just to follow up. The two businesses that stand out most to me in the quarter are Renal Care and Pharmaceuticals. These are businesses that are experiencing different growth rates than what we'd seen in the past. So maybe you could just give us some pointers of what happened in the quarter and how sustainable this is going forward. Thanks.
Robbie J. Marcus: And do you guys mind just clarifying what your timelines in guidance are for cyclo competition and for BREVIBLOC? Thanks a lot.
