Mary Kay Ladone: Thanks, Sean. Good morning, and welcome to our Q3 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me today are Bob Parkinson, CEO and Chairman of Baxter International; and Bob Hombach, Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, let me remind you that this presentation, including comments regarding our financial outlook, new product developments and regulatory matters contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, and of course, our actual results could differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filings for more details concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. In addition, in today's call, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Baxter's ongoing business performance. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures being discussed today to the comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings release issued this morning and available on our website. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Bob Parkinson.
Mary Kay Ladone: And I'd also add, Larry, that in terms of overall growth, I think we've commented that Antibody Therapy or IVIG growth, from a market perspective, is somewhere in that 5% to 8% range. And we continue to see the -- basically, the market is supporting that growth.
Mary Kay Ladone: And then I'd also add, Mike, once we have the base Factor IX product in the marketplace, we will be looking to enhance the half life of that product and look at a longer acting Factor IX as well.
Mary Kay Ladone: David, it's Mary Kay. I'll make some comments and then turn it over to Bob and Bob for additional commentary. But I think as we've talked and we've had this question many times, today, we believe the current SubQ market is probably in the, call it, $400 million, $450 million range. Basically, the SubQ product is applicable to the PID patient, which represents about 25% of the total global market, which is, call it, 6 billion. And today, as part of that PID market, the SubQ market represents about 30%. It's 30% penetrated today. So given that we now have a product in the U.S., we can now start to enhance that penetration, especially if we start to see the market for HyQ product, which we expect approval for next year. Bob, I don't know if you want to add on the launch.
Mary Kay Ladone: Yes. So -- I think as we communicated last week, there's really no new news related to Aetna. They implemented this policy late last year, went into effect January of this year. Really, it covered the patients covered under the pharmacy benefit of their plans, which accounted for about 10% of the patients. So in the other 90% of the patients that are covered under the Medical Benefit, there is no preferred supplier that's been identified. And there is open access to all the therapy. The reason that Aetna moved that way is, our understanding, is that there was, for the pharmacy benefit, some new state regulations in less than a handful of states that required that a preferred supplier be selected. So they did go ahead and do that. Baxter was not selected. However, we have not seen any conversion of any patient from our therapy to another therapy because of the reimbursement change that was implemented there.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes. I was just going to jump in. On the pricing front, I'd say no change in the U.S. and in Europe. I think over the course of the year, we've seen a firming up and maybe a slight drift up in prices. Now Octa has come back as of the third quarter but on somewhat limited basis. So we haven't really seen much of an impact or change there yet, but something we continue to monitor closely.
Robert J. Hombach: Certainly, yes. Definitely some moving pieces here. The 2 that I highlighted in my prepared comments, I think, are the most relevant relative to the expectation that we gave in July. Recall in July that we have strong performance in the front half. We indicated a couple of tailwinds that we had benefited from in the front half that we didn't expect to benefit from in the back half, namely foreign exchange and also strong seasonal vaccine sales in the second quarter. And so the vaccine situation played out as we expected, given the seasonality. But FX, we thought would be neutral to us in the back half and actually, given some dramatic moves, primarily in emerging markets, currency rates during the course of the quarter turned into bit of a headwind for us in the quarter. And as I mentioned, Castlebar as well. While we're very pleased to have it resolved and be back in the position to resume production for supporting the PD patients in Europe, during the course of the third quarter, we did incur more costs than we anticipated and that negatively impacted the margin relative to our expectation. But going forward, in the fourth quarter, those costs will be greatly minimized. We will still have some residual costs as we ramp up production related to Castlebar, but that's a headwind that hopefully we're beginning to put behind us. Other than that, the general mix benefits, we tend to see improvements as I mentioned in the Plasma business relative to running at pretty high rates of operation. We're definitely seeing those flow through as well.
Robert J. Hombach: I think this is an important one to spend a little bit of time on. So as we talked about, we took collections and production out pretty significantly in 2010. We got to a point kind of late third quarter where we were feeling good about where we are at, and then we saw 2 things happen. Market demand for our products started to firm up pretty nicely, so there are pricing touch-ups and Octa left the marketplace. And we almost immediately went from slowdown mode to having to try to ramp up pretty quickly. And I think we have successfully ramped up to the point now where, today, we're operating at a run rate higher than our 2009 peak, from a fractionation standpoint. So that's the good news. We also saw a very strong demand in the front half of 2011 here. Particularly in the U.S., you saw 20%-plus growth rates, which well exceeds what we expect normal market or even Octa volume would have represented. So we found ourselves in a situation where we've ramped up significantly, but demand has ramped up as well, and we've been very tight on inventories. So as we entered the third quarter, just doing something as normal as our 2-week summer shutdown that we do in pretty much all our manufacturing facilities around the world, put us out even further tightness within the business for a period of time. So we did actually exit the third quarter in a backorder situation in IVIG and albumin, as we've mentioned. Somewhat minor back orders, but back orders nonetheless, which we expect to clear up here in the month of October and move into hopefully a more -- somewhat more normalized inventory position. But as long as Octa is out of the U.S. market from an IVIG standpoint, in particular, we will we will remain in a tight situation.
Robert J. Hombach: Okay. So a couple of dynamics there. As we come out of our normal year-end shutdown this year, we will continue the process of ramping up the new L.A. frac facility. I think we've talked about that running at kind of 60% to 70% capacity. At this point, as we're transitioning from old to new, as we go into next year, that will go up more towards 80%-plus utilization. So we'll get additional volume there. Now the idea previously was we'd ramp down old L.A., but as we've talked about, we've decided we're going to keep that open and extend the useful life. And we're working through the process of investment and timing around when to make that happen, but that will provide us, once we get through that, some additional capacity there to meet market demand in the near term. And as Bob mentioned, based on an investment we made several years ago, we will see some additional capacity come online, beginning to come online in the back half of 2012 at our Rieta -- Rieti, Italy facility that will add us additional capacity in late 2012 and then into 2013. So those dynamics, I think, will allow us to meet expanding market demand for our products, particularly as we think about a HyQ launch in the back half of 2012.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes. I think we're already seeing, with the SubQ product, as Bob mentioned in his prepared comments that the infusion site reaction and infection rate benefits that our base product has, the clinical data supports that as well for HyQ. And so I think, not only from a convenient standpoint but from a safety and tolerability standpoint, we've got a good story there. And the opportunity to grow in the fastest growing segment of the PID market is exciting to us. So this gives us a foothold and familiarity with the marketplace here with SubQ. Again, it's early days, but we've already seen pretty nice uptake and some switching. I mean, roughly half of the patients that we have today on our SubQ are switches from a competitive product.
Robert J. Hombach: Sure. So to your point, historically, we've talked about the fact that we do financial hedges for the developed market, major currencies like the euro, the pound, the yen, to a lesser degree, the Aussie dollar, the Canadian dollar and so on. So we are able through national hedges, through manufacturing facilities and all those market and locations, as well as on the ground expenses, augmented with financial hedges, still largely mute the bottom line impact from currency fluctuations on a go-forward basis in those markets. But as you point out, historically, we have not hedged in the emerging markets. And as those continue to grow and become a larger part of overall portfolio, if -- for the most part, as those currencies have modestly, over time, appreciated against the dollar, the impact has been fairly small. When you have snapbacks like this, where the dollar appreciates dramatically and currencies like the Brazilian reais moves 20% in a quarter, that is a straight drop-through to the bottom line. We do have some local manufacturing in places like Mexico and Brazil and currencies in Eastern Europe and some in Asia and so on, but there is more of a drop-through impact. So the issue really in the third quarter for us was the euro and some of the major currencies moved somewhat. The emerging markets moved quite a bit. And we've based that impact as a headwind into our Q4 guidance, so we estimate that's probably a couple of pennies of a headwind that's in our expectation here in the fourth quarter. As we go forward, history would say that these snapbacks and dollar appreciation against emerging markets tend to happen periodically but not be very long lived and more of a kind of 1- to 2-quarter phenomena. We'll have to see how that plays out. And as we approach giving guidance in January, we'll update you on our views there going forward.
Robert J. Hombach: Sure, sure. On the gross margin line, one obvious tailwind we should have next year is with the resolution of the Castlebar issue going into next year. That won't be in front of us. So that should help margins for sure. In terms of headwinds, we have the Australia recombinant Factor VIII tender, which -- that continues to play out slowly. Our expectation is that since we are not named as 1 of the 2 recipients of that tender, that by the middle of next year, we're going to be in position that we would not be participating in the market. But I think there are still some open question there, but there's one that would definitely negatively impact sales and margin going into next year. This decision around extend the useful life of the L.A. facility, which, long term, absolutely the right thing to do for us, there will be a period of time there where we will incur some inefficiencies while we do that. So timing that and sizing that is something we'll do as we move towards January. Octapharma's return is going to be a variable that will impact top line and margin as well a bit, depending on how and when they return to the U.S. market. And then finally, on pension, that one is -- interest rates have come down dramatically, although they have bounced back up a little bit. I've seen some estimates that have been thrown out there that are higher than the impact this year, which is about $0.08. My sense is at this point, given where interest rates are at, it would be a bit less than that but still kind of in that ballpark. And we'll continue to evaluate options around how we might mitigate that or how we might think differently about managing and reporting pension expense going forward. So that's one that we'll continue to give some thought here and watch interest rates as we move towards the end of this year.
Robert J. Hombach: Currency is such a variable here. But a couple of things. One, earlier this year, we actually hedged the majority of our euro exposure, as an example, in -- for 2012. So I think we've got a pretty good forehand on what is -- are the key currencies that impacts us. As I said, we don't hedge the emerging markets, but those tended to -- again, the volatility around those tends to be kind of a 6-month phenomena, at least, history would say so. So we'll have to see how that plays out. So I'd hate to speculate on whether that turns into a minor headwind, a major headwind or no headwind at all, because I think all 3 of those are possibilities from where we sit today, depending on what happens in the macro environment. But I'd say headwinds and tailwind at this point, given everything we know, are reasonably balanced going into next year, with maybe a slight tilt toward headwinds with this FX issue. If rates were to stay exactly where they're at today, that would be a bit of a headwind for us.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes. I mean, it would -- it's hard to say in terms of just looking at that item. But relative to our expectation, there was about a 50 basis point impact on us in the quarter.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes, yes. And I would say, as I've mentioned, that we've hedged the majority of our euro exposure. For the euro, the yen, the pound, the Aussie dollar and so on. As a matter of policy, we only hedge 80% of what we think our net exposure is. So there's always going to be a slight residual impact on those major currencies as well in our results.
Robert J. Hombach: We assume that they're not in the U.S. So we get the full benefit we've been running through. And that they largely returned in Europe, and that we retain a small amount of benefit, but not much.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes. So as it relates to HyQ data, I think it's early November in Boston as you've mentioned. Frankly, we were very pleased with the strong data we shared on the interim basis back in October of last year in Istanbul. So I think what you'll see is the full data confirms the very strong results as it relates to comparability to IV from a amount of product use, infusion time, et cetera. As we've mentioned, the infusion site reaction and infection rates are much lower than competitive products and similar profile to IVIG and SubQ. So we're -- we'll be pleased to confirm that those interim results were in fact what we see in the broader population, which we think are very strong period. So nothing new. As it relates to Europe, we did see some softness in a few key products in the third quarter. We are expecting some slight rebound in a few areas, including recombinants as an example. It's something that we continue to monitor very closely, but at this point, there's nothing that's obvious or announced in terms of whether governments try to do anything at the end of the year from a window dressing standpoint. But as you look in our guidance for the fourth quarter and a $0.03 range, I mean, one of the reasons there's a $0.03 range is there's a little bit uncertainty around year-end government action and a little bit of uncertainty around FX. So that's kind of somewhat baked into our expectation there in terms of the range.
Robert J. Hombach: Well, yes. I mean, in absolute terms, it -- overall, it was 50 basis points. But in terms of the overage, it was more like 3 basis -- 30 basis points, 25, 30 basis points.
Robert J. Hombach: Well, certainly, yes. We saw some of that in the third quarter. We're seeing some of that in the fourth quarter, which is going to offset some of the impact. Basically, by giving the full year guidance, we've implied that we have a better gross margin percentage rate in the fourth quarter than we had in the third quarter, despite the fact that we're going to have, if rates stay where they're at, a full quarter's worth of FX downside related to the emerging markets. So some of that offset is going to be mixed, some of that offset is going to be manufacturing efficiencies that we gained in our plants here over the last 9 months.
Robert J. Hombach: Well, I think, in general, we feel pretty good about how we're positioned. I mean, I think we've demonstrated an ability to step in when a competitor is out of the market and deliver significant volume to the marketplace. As I said, 20% demand growth in Q1 and Q2 of this year that we've been able to step up to. So I think continuity of supply is key. I think the quality of our IVIG franchise is evident in the infusion rate number that we've been talking about on infection site -- or infusion site and infection rate number that we've talked about. And then we have the whole HyQ dynamic to discuss with our customer base for 2012 as well, and that's a clear differentiation that I think changes the outlook for us, relative to whatever else competitors might be thinking about.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes. Matt, I would just add that if there were -- if this were 9-inning game in terms of customers deciding where they're at and which way they're going to go, we're in the eighth inning. So it's pretty far down the track. Again, we're very pleased with how things have played out relative to our initial expectations. It's a little tough to pinpoint a share number, because there have been competitive bids out there that have nothing to do with COLLEAGUE, and we've done well in some of those related to SIGMA gaining some business that we didn't previously have in any case. So it's a moving target for sure, but again, generally, very pleased where -- with where we're at. And as Bob said, back half of 2012, it's a new world.
Robert J. Hombach: I think we're experiencing the headwinds we're going to experience here in 2011 as, frankly, Fresenius has moved some of the patients, previously, they served with our product onto their product. So we're pretty far down the track of that conversion away from us occurring. And absent that though, we're seeing high single digit, kind of double-digit patient growth in the U.S. with our other customers because of the reimbursement change. So we're -- we continue to be very excited about the opportunities to reinvigorate PD penetration in the U.S. And in terms of tenders outside the U.S., those go on all the time. Some of the bigger ones would be Mexico, although it's not clear at this point whether Mexico is going to specifically tender or continue to do more of the one-off contracting that we've seen over the last couple of years. So really nothing else that I'm aware of that's material to talk about.
Robert L. Parkinson: Yes, I mean, we're very excited about that one, in the sense that it's moving nicely through the clinic, and we expect, as you said, to be able to file in 2012. Given our broad hemophilia portfolio to begin with, we think this will be a very nice addition, especially as we look at tenders outside the U.S. in particular. The Factor IX market after this point, from a recombinant standpoint, has been one player. And so we think the sooner we can get to the market with our broad offering and a product we think that will have some nice enhancements, that looks like a nice opportunity for us going forward here. So we'll move forward with the Phase III and look to file in middle of next year.
Robert L. Parkinson: I mean, it's fair to say it's more than better than our expectations, in terms of how the products have been received. So we're very pleased with that.
Robert L. Parkinson: Let me -- Rick, this is Bob Parkinson. Let me take a stab in both of those, and then Mary Kay and Bob can augment my comments. On the HHD trial, we did initiate the trial in August with the first patient, which I would say responded very well to the therapy. However, we did observe a specific technical issue with the device. And so as a really a precautionary measure, I guess you'd say, we decided to take the time upfront to kind of assess and rectify the issue before we brought it into trial and we brought on more patients. So we temporarily delayed for the treatments until we have this issue resolved. I would tell you that we now have it. We understand the root cause. We validate the mitigation, and we've communicated that to the FDA. So where we stand right now is we are waiting go ahead from the FDA to restart the trial, which could happen really at any time. So that's really where that stands. I would say that we don't believe that the delay will impact what we have communicated previously in terms of the timeline, either for the CE Mark in 2012 or for the filing of a nocturnal indication in the U.S. in 2013. So that's really where home hemo stands. On the reimbursement front, I guess at a high level, and then, Mary Kay, I'll let you maybe get more granular here, look, I think we all need to accept the fact that the broader economic environment and affordability of countries to provide access to healthcare is going to continue to put reimbursement pressures on everything. I mean, that's just the -- that's the dynamic and the environment. I think it's going to be more evolutionary in nature over time. But that's the world we live in today and going forward. In terms of some of the specific things in the U.S., Mary Kay, maybe I'll let you comment on what we've seen recently.
Robert L. Parkinson: I'm not more worried about it than what I did. But as I said, on a high level, I mean, directionally, these are expensive therapies, and the payers are going to look for ways to ratchet down their cost. I mean, that's just the environment that we live in. Having said that, Rick, I don't think we see a specific event that's going to accelerate it. I just think that it's just going to continue to evolve over time, and we don't see a dramatic short-term impact or change in our outlook.
Robert L. Parkinson: As it is, is well received as the 10% SubQ has been. So given the acceptance of that product and, as Bob said, the prospects of HyQ give us some things to talk about this year that we haven't talked about before as well. So I think that contributes to our, I think, our sense of confidence that we'll secure things going forward.
Robert L. Parkinson: All right. Well, let me comment, and Bob or Mary Kay can add on. I -- first of all, we're on track, consistent with the agreed-upon consent order in terms of getting COLLEAGUEs out of the market by approximately midyear. Next year, SIGMA scaled up their production capacity very nicely. So that's all working well, Matt. I would tell you the SIGMA device is being very well received in the market, and we're pleased with the progress. In terms of the second part of your question, how is this all going to settle out, obviously, a lot of moving parts here, including field corrective actions by competitive devices and so on. So this is always the case in the infusion pump business. There's a lot of moving parts, but I think we feel pretty good about our position right now in terms of: A, replacing the COLLEAGUEs in the field; B, the acceptance of the SIGMA device; and I guess, C, as we move into the later stages of next year, hopefully, being able to play a little bit more offense in this space than we have over the last few years.
