Mary Kay Ladone: Good morning, and welcome to our fourth quarter 2012 earnings conference call. Joining me today are Bob Parkinson, CEO and Chairman of Baxter International; Bob Hombach, Chief Financial Officer; and Ludwig Hantson, President of Baxter BioScience. Before we get started, let me remind you that this presentation, including comments regarding our financial outlook, new product developments and regulatory matters, contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, and of course, our actual results could differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filings for more detail concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. In addition, in today's call, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Baxter's ongoing business performance. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures being discussed today to the comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings release issued this morning and available on our website. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Bob Parkinson.
Mary Kay Ladone: And Larry, it's Mary Kay. And I would just add that while we have approval in China, we haven't received reimbursement approval, so we actually haven't launched. We will launch in 2013.
Mary Kay Ladone: Yes. And Matt, I would just add in. We really started to promote that with the 4,000 IU approval that we received late in the second quarter or third quarter of last year. And in the fourth quarter, frankly, we saw good uptake of the 4,000 IU, which is probably a good indication of conversion that we're seeing to 2-day dosing with our units being about 10% of our total units in the fourth quarter of the 4,000 IU. So we are seeing uptake there.
Robert L. Parkinson: Thanks, Bob. In closing, I'm very pleased with the progress that we made in 2012 financially, operationally and strategically. We achieved sales and adjusted earnings per diluted share growth of 5% as we continued to respond to an evolving and demanding environment. We generated strong sustainable cash flow of more than $3.1 billion, increased our dividend by 34% and returned significant value to our shareholders. We strengthened our core portfolio, meaningfully advanced our new product pipeline that's as strong today as at any time in our history, and we executed on a number of collaborations and business development initiatives that complement our current businesses, leverage our capabilities and provide enhanced growth in the future. I remain very confident in the long-term growth prospects for our company, which we laid out in detail late last year at our investor conference in Chicago. Our entire management team remains committed to enhancing shareholder value in the coming years, as we implement our strategies, deliver on our commitments, and more importantly, meet the needs of the patients and customers that utilize our products to save and sustain lives. Thank you. And with that, let's open up the call to Q&A.
Robert L. Parkinson: Yes. David, Ludwig Hantson is with us this morning. Ludwig, why don't you just take a minute and maybe update the callers on what's going on with the whole uptake on prophylaxis in the U.S.? Because obviously, we're experiencing some very encouraging results.
Robert L. Parkinson: Well, obviously, given the magnitude of the Gambro deal, Larry, yes, it's going to limit us a little bit for a while. But I would say as opportunities arise, the smaller kind of bolt-on things that we've done more of over the last couple years, we're certainly in a position to continue to do that. I mean, I actually couldn't be more pleased with the progress and the momentum on the BD front over the last 2 years in the company. I think we've done a lot of good stuff. The smaller deals we've done have, I think, helped us develop competencies in terms of how you integrate and so on. So I think we're very well positioned once we manage through the antitrust process and close the Gambro deal to move ahead and integrate Gambro. But no, we continue to be very open-minded and receptive to BD things that emerge, one of which actually we just announced this morning. I don't know if you had a chance to see it. It came across the wire, which was to require some hemophilia assets from Ipsen Pharma. And so that's representative of the kind of thing we're going to continue to do.
Robert L. Parkinson: So Mike, I'm going to ask Ludwig to address specific clinical application of the product, where they fit more broadly in our hemophilia strategy. And then maybe Bob Hombach can briefly comment on some of the financial aspects, although I think it was pretty clearly detailed in our press release. So Ludwig, in response to...
Robert L. Parkinson: So Mike, this is European, right? So Ludwig, just expand a bit, give your comment on a couple things. One, the magnitude of the opportunity. But before that, maybe why this is so complementary with our channel presence, particularly in Europe.
Robert L. Parkinson: The other thing I would just add to that, to what Bob said, is obviously we continue the conversion to subcu, which uses a higher volume, so that drives volume growth. We continue to operate primarily within the PI indication in an underdiagnosed and an underdeveloped market, even in the U.S. So we continue our focus on developing those markets, and we continue to see expanded use in the whole neurology space, which as a general rule also uses volumes of drug at a higher level. So you have all kinds of upward arrows. If we want to drive an underlying demand, we'll just look forward to moving into a position, where our capacity expands and the long-term outlook for this business is very robust.
Robert L. Parkinson: Yes, David, one last thing to point out. That also, then the stronger fourth quarter plays in a little bit to some of the tightness and somewhat lower expectation for sales in Q1 of this year. As I mentioned, as we move throughout the course of this year, as we bring old L.A. back up, and so we'll have a better supply. But overall, we're still looking at approximately mid-single-digit volume increase in 2013.
Robert L. Parkinson: Okay. One of the reasons Ludwig's with us this morning. It took us 5 questions to get there. But anyway, go ahead.
Robert L. Parkinson: But the fact is if, ultimately, the data is extremely compelling, a; and b, there's no other emerging therapies, the reality is even with our expansion efforts, which were just detailed by Ludwig, we would not be able to meet the demand for this. So it does require, I guess, what I would describe as a different paradigm, a different approach. I think this whole notion of public-private partnerships, collaborations with governments, ultimately is something that may have to be considered. Now obviously, it's too early to jump in the middle of that. Right now, we can control what we can control. There's a reason when we scoped the Covington plant out, we did it with a broader vision beyond the 3 million liter capacity that we're initially putting in. So if the data emerges in a positive way, we can accelerate the ramp-up longer-term. So we continue to evaluate a variety of options in this regard, Bob. But suffice it to say, given the plasma-derived nature of the therapy and the number of patients conceivably that would need to be treated, it will require fundamentally different approaches, a number of which we're obviously evaluating right now.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes, sure, David. So a couple things. I would say in 2012, we benefited from the acquisitions of Synovis and Baxa, which are now fully in our base. And as you rightly point out, we are facing some headwinds here as we go into 2013, starting with government austerity measures, which we project to total approximately $90 million, which includes approximately $30 million for the U.S. Medical Device Tax, which we are putting through sales and margins. The other $60 million relates to a combination of austerity measures in Europe but also in Asia Pacific, particularly in China as well. So an even larger austerity impact this year than what we've seen in the last couple of years. I would also just remind everyone, we will remain constrained for plasma production here in 2013, as we work through bringing the old L.A. facility back online and ramp up our new L.A. and Rieti facilities. But that is definitely on-track. We should have increasing product availability throughout the course of the year. And so the other thing I would mention is we are going to anniversary some of the recombinant factor VIII tender impact related to Australia, but that doesn't really happen until the middle of the year. So in particular, as you look at our guidance for the first quarter, the plasma product constraints are most acute for us in the first quarter. We have increasingly robust supplies to move throughout the year. As I mentioned, we don't anniversary the Australia tender impact until the middle of the year. The austerity measures that I've mentioned will be -- are impacted immediately, as we begin the year. And what's going to accelerate growth from the 2% to 3% that we've got in the first quarter, as we move towards approximately 4% for the full year, relates to a couple of things, one of which is the timing of tenders, particularly in plasma-derived products, such as FEIBA and plasma-derived factor VIII. Those are more concentrated in the second and third quarter than they've been in prior years. We do expect to begin to start shipping to Brazil related to recombinant factor VIII in the second quarter as well. And as I mentioned, increased product availability throughout the course of the year on the plasma-derived side will also help us drive accelerated growth beyond the first quarter.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes, I'll handle the IVIG one first. I would say we've largely made the move that we're going to make in terms of product shift by the end of 2012 here. So 2013, we're going to be operating at a similar level to what we're exiting 2012 at. That does imply a little bit of benefit year-over-year in the first quarter or 2, but that's largely played out in terms of the shift. In terms of pricing, the markets that we continue to participate in, in Western Europe, I would say that we haven't seen any significant impact one way or the other on price at this point. And then as it relates to recombinant factor VIII...
Robert J. Hombach: Yes. Larry, I would just add that given how we're financing the Gambro acquisition and the structure of that and the use of offshore cash, while it is a significant acquisition, it is going to allow us to position ourselves and maintain some strategic flexibility going forward here as well.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes. I would just say that we've structured this deal, as we have many other deals, in that we're paying primarily for success here. And so that the milestones are tied to approval, and then additional milestones, assuming we achieve certain sales levels going forward here. So we're pleased with how the structure is set up. And from a sales contribution standpoint, while this is late stage, it does have orphan drug designation and fast-track status. It will take a bit of time to ramp up sales. So I would say over our LRP here, it would be a modest contributor to the top line. But beyond our LRP and over time, this -- assuming we get multiple indications here, could be more than a $200 million product for us.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes. So we are operating under supply constraints, and none of that have changed. But as we've talked about, as we've had to look at global allocation of a constrained product here, U.S. demand has been particularly strong. Prices tend to be higher in the U.S. than most other markets. So as we've shifted product, we do get a mix benefit from that, and that certainly has aided the top line growth profile there. No, nothing new on the pricing front. We've talked about an expectation of a modest price increase, and that's what we expect to see here in 2013, as we saw in 2012. So I think, David, it's primarily the mix impact. And as I mentioned earlier, we've largely done the shift that we're going to do. And so as we move into 2013, there'll be less of that. From an impact, we will have a little bit of a year-over-year benefit in the first half of the year. But again by the third or fourth quarter this year, we've largely made the shift we expected to make.
Robert J. Hombach: David, I would agree with that. And let me kind of walk you through that. So the guidance we've given is about 7% increase in cash flow in 2013 versus 2012. It was a bit higher in 2012 versus '11 because we had a pension contribution in '11, didn't have one in '12. But that 7% cash flow growth is very consistent with what we talked about in our long-range plan outlook for the business to grow cash flow to approximately $4.5 billion by the end of the long-range plan. And yes, we do believe that is definitely achievable. Now one thing to point out, one of the headwinds we've got here is pension expense, year-over-year, another $0.10 headwind here as we go into 2013. More than 70% of that increase is related to noncash amortization of actuarial losses on the balance sheet. And so over the last 3 years, we've actually incurred $175 million cumulatively of additional pension expense or $0.25 a share. And again, about 75% of that is noncash. So increasingly, you're going to see a divergence between earnings growth and cash flow growth because of the impact of this noncash amortization on the P&L that we don't see in the cash flow statement. So it does mask the strength of the underlying operating performance, and we do feel good about our ability to continue to generate cash flow in that roughly 7% or in line with earnings as we go forward. And that will, again with the structure of the Gambro financing and use of offshore cash, leave us in a position of having strategic flexibility, continue to look at M&A and asset and capital allocation going forward here, including a strong and growing dividend at approximately a 40% payout ratio.
Robert J. Hombach: Well, I would say as it relates to pension, we've done a lot in the last 5 or 6 years to try to mitigate risk. We've closed the U.S. plant, the new entrants [ph]. That's 2/3 of our overall footprint in terms of the liability. We've lowered our expected return on assets. We've changed the investment allocation mix to be 40% fixed income. We've bought treasuries of a hedge in the pension fund since 2008. But despite all of that, we continue to see these headwinds. We did take an additional action here in the fourth quarter to offer lump sums to the terminated vested portion of our pension population, which is about 28% of the liability. That actually saved $0.05 per share. So in other words, our pension headwind would have been $0.15 per share in 2013 had we not taken that action. Despite all of that, again we have this $0.10 headwind. However, given that most of this expense increase is this amortization and that this actuarial loss was heavily driven by the 2008 stock market performance, that usually amortizes over a 5- to 7-year period. So going forward here, even if interest rates don't go up, we will see an improving pension situation and potentially a material tailwind here over the next several years. But at the moment, for 2013, given where we're at, it remains a headwind. So I think that one is one I feel increasingly comfortable it's going to stop being a headwind and potentially become a tailwind. As it relates to austerity measures, which is really the other one, that's a harder one to gauge. But as you know, in our LRP outlook, we did assume some ongoing austerity measures going forward.
Robert J. Hombach: Sure. So as Bob mentioned, when the Allegiance spinoff was done in 1996 and the Edwards Lifescience spinoff was done in 1999, management at the time decided to retain the assets and liabilities associated with those 2 spinoffs. As I mentioned, that ended up accounting for almost 30% of overall pension liability today. That may have been a great decision back in the '90s when stock markets were performing well and interest rates were high. But in the 2000s and where we're at today with record low interest rates here, that has created an amplified effect on our P&L profile here more than you might otherwise expect. So again, we took some action here in the fourth quarter to try to offer lump sums to lower that exposure to that population and were successful and saved $0.05 a share. But that's one of the issues we've been dealing with here over the last several years.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes, so Rajeev, a couple of things on hemophilia growth in '13 versus '12. In 2012, we saw a very robust growth for FEIBA, particularly in the U.S., off a less strong 2011. So we're growing off a much stronger base. And while we're excited about the prophylaxis label potential for FEIBA, that's still -- it's in submission phase here, so we can't actively promote that. So we have more modest FEIBA growth assumptions in the U.S. in 2013 versus '12. And then as it relates to recombinant factor VIII, we've talked about in prior quarters, particularly in the first part of 2013 as there were some shifts going on within the specialty pharma -- pharmacy distribution channel within the U.S. in terms of payor relationships and so on. We did see some inventory build. I think we gauged it at 2% to 3% of the roughly 10% growth we were seeing in the first half of the year. So we need to work a little bit of that off as we go into 2013 as well. And as Ludwig mentioned earlier and as we mentioned at the investor conference, we do expect some competition in recombinant factor VIII in the U.S. later this year, could be multiple players depending on time line for approval of Novo and for Biogen Idec's longer-acting. And so we baked that into our assumptions as well.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes. So we took the older L.A. facility down in the September time frame and we've completed all of the work that we expected to do. So we're in the process of preparing to start the plant up for production in the back half of February, so everything's on schedule. And we'll have product available to the market in the third quarter is the time frame. No changes there.
Ludwig N. Hantson: Yes. So thanks, Bob, and thanks for the question. So yes, this is a success. We got the label about a year ago. So we are 1 year into the launch for ADVATE prophy. It's a success from a -- I would say, from a -- first of all, from a patient perspective. Unmet medical need is still high. We still have a lot of patients who are on demand [ph], so we're switching over. When you look at the number of patients that were switched over to a prophy regimen, we're talking about more than 200 patients. We are looking at continuing that trend into 2013. So clearly, we are moving into 2013 with a strong momentum. Having said that, we're also aware of the fact that we might get competition by the end of 2013 into this space, which might slow us down a little bit. But overall, we believe that we will continue to grow ADVATE in 2013 and then moving forward. Then maybe bridging also to FEIBA, since it is in the same space, you might have seen the fact that we got prophy results for FEIBA. We are moving towards a BLA submission first quarter of 2013 in the U.S. We already have the indication in Europe in the majority of the countries. So you will see that by the end of this year, when we get the approval in the U.S., an increased focus on moving our FEIBA patients to a prophy regimen.
Ludwig N. Hantson: Yes. Maybe I'd like to add the following. So if you look at the BRIC countries, you're talking about more than 1 million activity units. And when you bring it down, most of these patients are being treated with plasma-derived products. So there is a great opportunity in each of these countries to convert from plasma to RECOMBINATE but also increase the diagnosis rate. And I would say the bigger ones are clearly Russia and Brazil. So you're aware of the fact that we have an agreement with the Ministry of Health and Hemobrás in Brazil, and Bob mentioned that we will start shipping products. Our plan is to start shipping product to Brazil second quarter of this year. We also have a regulatory strategy to penetrate Russia, which we're also working towards approval this year. And then China is the third one. So clearly, it's bigger than China, so we have growth opportunities in this business that clearly will continue to help us move ADVATE and hemophilia forward.
Ludwig N. Hantson: So the time line, so we're looking at a potential submission later this year. FDA will decide how fast they want to move. But this is orphan drug and got fast track. So difficult to comment on the launch, but the impact will be more in 2015 than in 2014.
Ludwig N. Hantson: Great. So we're also excited about this one. So you see there's a lot of stuff going on in 2013. And so they have 3 programs -- or we have 3 programs. One is an IV program in high-risk MDS patients. The second program is an oral program in low-risk MDS patients. And then there's a program in pancreatic cancer patients. The readout for those studies -- first of all, the high-risk MDS readouts, we will know top line data by fourth quarter of this year. Remember, this is an overall survival study. And this is -- as far as the trial design, this is versus standard of care. Now the longer patients will live, the better I assume it will be for the patient but also for the outcome of the study here. But we expect fourth quarter 2013 to have the top line data for the high-risk. As far as the low-risk oral program, there will be response data by second quarter of this year. And then the time lines for the pancreatic study, we will have interim survival data first quarter of 2014. As far as design is concerned, so the sample, for the high-risk, it's 270 patients. The enrollment is on target. And I think we're close to 220 patients out of 270. The low-risk is 60 patients. We're more than halfway in the enrollment. And the pancreatic is 150, and we've passed the 110 patients enrollment. I hope for the next...
Ludwig N. Hantson: Yes, so as far as the opportunity financially, if we hit on all 3, we believe this could become a $1 billion opportunity. When you look at our rights, we have EU territory, so we have Europe, so we have 33 countries. From a patient perspective, this could be big because those patients, at least in the high-risk, don't have any treatment options available. So we would be able to make a significant impact in the lives of those patients. And then from a channel perspective, I do believe this is a very strong bolt-on and add-on to our hemophilia franchise. MDS is right in the middle between hematology and oncology. And at the end of the day, we're market leaders in the hemophilia. When you look at the channel in Europe, we're talking about centers of excellence, these are very specialized centers focusing on MDS, both low-risk and high-risk. We believe that we are in an excellent position to have a great partnership. And when the data -- if and when the data is positive and we launch, that we can make a significant impact here.
Ludwig N. Hantson: Well, if U.S. -- and U.S. regulatory strategies and time lines are different. We have Europe. For Europe, we will be looking in 2015 because Europe doesn't have the same accelerated time lines as the FDA in U.S.
Ludwig N. Hantson: This is good, so thanks for the question. So first of all, from a European perspective, we continue the European regulatory process. And we expect a decision -- we're talking about HyQ. Both HyQ and then Alzheimer's. Thank you. So we're continuing the European regulatory process, and we expect a decision first half of this year for Europe. Then with respect to the FDA for the U.S., we have confirmed a meeting with the FDA in the second quarter of this year, where we will be discussing interim data from preclinical studies that we are conducting. So we started those preclinical animal studies together with Halozyme in 2 animal models, the rabbits and the rat. And we expect to complete these studies by year end. So interim data will be discussed with the FDA second quarter of this year. So then the regulatory path forward, of course, will depend on the outcome of our meeting. So that's on the short version on the HyQ. As far as...
Ludwig N. Hantson: So yes, you should expect a data release second quarter of this year. As I mentioned, we have different assessments. We have clinical assessments. We have assessments at the brain level, as well as CSF, as well as our plasma assessments. These assessments are done -- some of them are done by the investigators. These are the clinical assessments. But others are done by, I would say, a centralized lab, which takes a little bit longer. We are planning to close the database by the end of this quarter. And that's why you will see the data second quarter of this year.
Ludwig N. Hantson: Sure. Well, first of all, the robustness of the data will define our regulatory strategy, plus the FDA and the European authorities will define our strategy moving forward. So it's difficult to speculate what the outcome will be of the study. So you know that we did a futility analysis. And we know that on the basis of the futility analysis, the probability of success for achieving statistical significance in one or both of our primary endpoints is greater than 20%. So that's the only information that we know at this moment. So robustness, what I mean by that, is you have a clinical assessment. These are primary endpoints. You have a brain assessment, you have a plasma and you have a CSF. So that will define our discussion with the regulatory authorities and will define our regulatory pathway forward. So for me, at this point, it's very difficult to speculate how this is going to look like. It's too early. And to bridge back to your question on data, so I mentioned you will have the data second quarter of this year. This will be the top line data that we will be releasing. We will -- we are planning to show all the details of all the different assessments at a major Alzheimer congress in July. These are our time lines. And then with respect to demand, I think it's fair to say that we're not going to detail or promote the indication until we get the indication. The timing for that will be related to, of course, our regulatory strategy. And then Bob already mentioned the fact that we -- 2013 is a little bit of a transition period or a transition year as far as IVIG volume is concerned, since we are upgrading L.A. 1, old L.A. And so that will accelerate. We have new L.A. that's still accelerating. We have next year. We have the Sanquin agreement that will come on board by the next of the year. Plus longer-term, we have also the Covington opportunity, plus we have Rieti. So 2013 being a transition year, picking up by the end of this year, and then new opportunities as of next year to further accelerate the volume.
Ludwig N. Hantson: So Rajeev, as far as the infusion experience is concerned, the total infusion experience takes about 5 minutes. The infusion itself takes 30 seconds to 1 minute. Of course, it depends on the experience. It depends on the volume and so on. But you also know that we changed the diluent, the volume of our vials a while ago. And we are now the lowest volume of 2 ml. So we're talking about very limited volumes in -- which of course, shortens the infusion time. We also have plans -- as I mentioned at the investors conference in October, we also have plans to upgrade our BAXJECT II to our BAXJECT III device. We have not disclosed how it looks like. But again, it will be an upgrade. It will be a great experience for the patient. And we're planning to launch the device before the end of this year.
Ludwig N. Hantson: Yes. It's difficult to give you numbers here. But the way that we look at this for us, and this is also how we rolled out the launch of this new indication is that, for us, the efficacy and the safety message is first before the convenience. When you talk to patients, when you talk to physicians, it's about controlling their bleeds. And our vision for the organization is to strive towards a bleed-free world. And that's what counts much more than moving patients from every 2 days to every 3 days. So our launch was staggered. We started with the efficacy message beginning of 2012. And only after 6 to 9 months into the year, we started working on the moving towards every 3-day dosing regimen because clearly, we heard our patients and our physicians that it's the efficacy controlling the bleeds that counts.
