Bob Parkinson: Well the market growth in the U.S. is as we estimated. The market growth is faster outside of the U.S. Obviously a big question is pricing but for reasons you understand I am not going to comment on that beyond what I have said which is we will touch up prices as necessary to maintain our position. The other event of course that is going on, I think the other thing by the way we probably overestimated was the impact in terms of broadening access and demand creation through bringing our sales force on. That is a little longer-term cause and effect perhaps than what we estimated. I think collectively not only us and the other players in the business are out there doing that. As we know, certainly PID is under-diagnosed, under-served and so to the degree collectively given the fact now the industry has sufficient supply the industry is promoting that. That becomes an event that also using your phrase turns the market as well. Then of course going forward clearly as our new products track out that becomes a significant variable in the equation of turning it around as well.
Bob Parkinson: Yes. It assume we will probably increase the amount of share repurchases we are doing through the back part of the year.
Bob Parkinson: I can only speak for us and there is other public data as you know that we all have access to. So I won’t comment on that. It seems to be the inventories in the market are pretty balanced right now and I think given the collective promotional effort, not only us but the other competitors we have inventory levels to a point now we can move forward and promote for new demand creation with a degree of confidence. I certainly wouldn’t characterize the inventories in the market as excessive.
Bob Parkinson: It is kind of a different story. It is weaker in the U.S. and outside of the U.S. it is stronger so kind of mixed messages. There has been demand OUS in markets like China and so on that we and others in the industry have served. To the degree there is weakness in the U.S. obviously we are able to redirect product to emerging and developing markets. I do think what is interesting on the Albumin question is we have a high percent of our albumin product in the U.S. that is in the Flex container. As we sit here today we are living hand to mouth to keep up with the demand on albumin and Flex container. I guess my point I am making is I think it speaks to the power of differentiated packaging whether it is in albumin or over time in IVIG.
Bob Parkinson: I wouldn’t expect any major change in our historic pattern in terms of share buybacks. I don’t think there is any reason to do that. It still provides us, we still have significant latitude I think to do some things proactively on the BD or M&A front. Rob has taken you through our capital allocation process, if you will. Despite what we have communicated this morning I don’t believe there is any need to deviate from that at all.
Bob Parkinson: I will be very candid with you. Given the number of moving parts I don’t know we can say we are overly conservative or not. I will just tell you I don’t like lowering guidance. It is the first time I have done it since I have been here and maybe the first quarter I came and since then as you know I have not done it. I don’t want to do it again. So all I can say is we have tried to pull this together in a way so it doesn’t happen again. Having said that this is a market that has a lot of moving parts. I won’t enumerate and summarize and reiterate all those I took Michael through with his question earlier. I am not going to get put in a corner and say yes this is conservative. We will see. That is the best I can do.
Bob Parkinson: Let me touch on a few things and then Rob and Mary Kay can think about this too and add to my comments. First of all the first quarter results in med delivery were very encouraging. Actually very strong. Renal was very solid. I have consistently maintained the diversified healthcare model represents a lot of value in a lot of different ways; scientifically and commercially but also from a portfolio point of view when you have businesses that either slow growth like the pike the plasma situation to be able to offset that. Clearly we are counting on med delivery and renal going forward. When I say going forward I don’t mean in 2010 but over the LRP and we touched on this in the investor conference to pull a greater share of their weight. On the renal front as you know given some of the legislative changes and composite rate changes which will be put into effect it works in our favor in terms of PD. We have a next generation cycler enterprise which will be launched to the market within a year or so. We are moving forward very positively with what we call Project Pluto which is our own hemodialysis device which as you heard me comment before we think can be potentially transformational in terms of how end stage renal disease is treated. The medication delivery side, the Sigma deal we did last year. The timing of that couldn’t have been better. The product is well received in the market. We clearly have a next generation infusion pump which we hope to get out outside of the U.S. hopefully by the end of this year or early 2011 and then subsequently launch to the U.S. as well. I don’t want to enumerate all of the other new products in both areas but I think there is a basis of confidence that each of those businesses are going to grow. We also continue I think culturally in each of those businesses because of the margins in those businesses and so on, focus on managing structural cost and so on. We have done a good job of that. I think there is opportunity that remains. Hopefully in terms of driving bottom line profitability in those businesses it can be very helpful to offset for whatever period of time we continue to navigate through some of the plasma challenges. Again, I think it just reaffirms as I said the strength of the diversified model.
Bob Parkinson: I am not going to comment on 2011. That is why in my prepared comments I specifically closed the way I did and referenced to what we communicated last September. We remain committed to that over the five years. To the degree the impact of healthcare reform and to the degree the impact in the short-term of the vagaries of the plasma protein business they are what they are and both of those present some holes. We are going to continue to pursue other ways to fill those holes. Sometimes necessity is the mother of invention. So our long-term view continues to be in that range but I am going to stop short of frankly getting hooked in terms of a number for 2011. I know you understand that.
Bob Parkinson: Several questions there and I will kind of focus on the same thing. First of all; yes, I think the 5% market growth in the U.S. historically is probably a pretty good number. Then projecting out in time despite my comment on how we assess the market growth right now, let’s say 1-2% in the U.S., we believe going forward the market growth should be every bit as robust as what it has been historically. Say that 5% or 5% plus. I say that for several different reasons. Again at the risk of being redundant here never in this business have we or the other competitors really amassed sales forces to get out and broaden access through demand creation for a number of indications that continue to be under-diagnosed and under-treated. So all other things remaining equal that should be a positive factor in terms of overall market growth going forward. Then of course all of us in various ways are pursuing approval of new indications and so on. That is independent of kind of the big wildcard of Alzheimer’s. So I think as things normalize out there is no reason to think this market at a minimum shouldn’t grow. The total market growth going forward is at least as the level historically. Okay? So then that brings you back to the question and you touched on this on what is going on now and why it is [softer]? I think so much of this is a settling out of certainly the macroeconomic environment. Healthcare reform is part of that too I think to some degree as we look going forward. And coverage. I think frankly I am hopeful that a number of our products like hemophilia and antibody therapy and so on, not only the broader coverage going forward but also pre-existing conditions and removal lifetime caps and so on for these expense therapies going forward may very well remove barriers to growth that historically have existed. Clearly that hasn’t been put into play yet. I think what is going on to a large degree now is we know we have a lot of use that is off-label. IVIG for many specialists is used, I hesitate, it is almost an experimental treatment. It is almost a second line or third line therapy when other treatments are less effective. In a time of more reimbursement pressures and perhaps loss of insurance because of loss of employment and some of those factors, I think that is to a large degree what is going on right now. As I enumerated at the outset with Mike Weinstein’s question is what did we miss and what did we miscall? One of the things I think we miscalled is to some  degree, and it gets to the market growth, was how much of the use of the product to some degree was optional. I think there is more of the market, not a large segment but some of the market is more optional than what we called and that is what is being impacted by the economy. I will stop there. That is kind of a total [inaudible]. It is probably the best I can do but that is how we see it right now.
Bob Parkinson: I don’t know that I can answer that. We can get that number. It is highly variable so I don’t know what the average would be. Is it spilling over into recombinant or frankly hemophilia therapy of any kind? Yes, I think these are general market trends that we have commented on before that are going to continue. We know that reimbursement is going to continue to be under pressure and it manifests itself in a lot of different ways which is why for our outlook for hemophilia not only we don’t forecast price increases but actually modest, evolutionary price declines over time.
Bob Parkinson: I think for per-patient if the specialist gets pushed back from the pharmacist relative to the formulary and the indication and given how expensive the treatment is and that oftentimes depending upon what the condition may be, it truly can be optional in terms of just the clinical intervention. I think oftentimes IVIG is used almost as kind of a last resort type of thing. I think given the expense of it if it is not on formulary for certain indications and there are cost pressures within the provider environment and there is some push back I think to some degree it has an effect on prescribing or utilization.
Bob Parkinson: I don’t think we have the granularity to cite it per indication. Actually we don’t have that. I can’t answer that. I think it is probably fair to say cumulatively from the start we have lost probably 2-3 share points.
Bob Parkinson: Simply stated, we are very open minded. Okay? Very receptive. We have processes in place to identify targets. This is a priority for me. Frankly it is a priority for our board. I discuss it with our board at every board meeting. We would like to do some things. We are going to remain disciplined. We are not going to do deals as we have said before for the sake of doing deals. We are well aware of the financial latitude we have to do deals if the right kind of deals come along. So we can’t announce what we are going to do before we do it. All I can do is update you on the process. We are very receptive and frankly I am spending more and more of my time on it and we will see how things unfold.
Bob Parkinson: I don’t think pressures that our customers…frankly are a byproduct of just the general economic condition overall and the ongoing challenges specifically as it relates to acute care hospitals. I haven’t seen any change in the hospitals’ behavior given the legislation and the definition associated with that. I think the capital spending continues to be pretty disciplined and reasonably tight in the market. We haven’t seen any major change in that regard. So, to Rob’s point, surgical procedures and surgical procedure growth certainly wouldn’t be characterized as robust that is for sure. So hospital activity generally is fairly [demoralent]. Beyond that, relative to healthcare as I mentioned we are going to obviously get hit by this device tax in 2013. I think a number of you have quantified that and have probably done a pretty good job of quantifying it and about what that is. As I indicated in my prepared comments we have a few products that will be touched by the drug tax starting in 2011. As I said, the $80 million of impact we have reflected in our base for 2010 will represent certainly the significant majority of the cumulative effect of these various things as they cascade out over time.
Bob Parkinson: Mary Kay is the historian in the room having lived through a number of years. It is fair to say I think the conditions right now are very different than what they were 7-8 years ago for a lot of different reasons. These are all things we have discussed with you and you can guess what they are. Seven to eight years ago nobody was out there deploying sales forces to create demand. Baxter wasn’t in a position 7-8 years ago to have frankly an array of new products in this area coming out over time which fundamentally changes the game. The nature of the industry and the number of different capacities is different than what it was 7-8 years ago. I don’t want to expand beyond that. Mary Kay anything you want to add? You are the historian here? It is a great question.
Bob Parkinson: Besides the existing growth vehicles of hemophilia and bio surgery and the various product categories of medication delivery like [hemostasia] and nutritionals, if you just look at kind of near-term new product launches in the various businesses, not to get off of IVIG. Let’s start with that. We have a 30 gram IVIG product we hope to get approved this year and hopefully launch in the U.S. by the end of this year. We have a 10% sub-q product without Enhance, without the Hylenex technology that we will be submitting shortly and hope to have on the market in 2011. Then of course HYQ which incorporates the Hylenex technology we are very excited about. Then new indications like MMN and the whole Alzheimer’s thing which we don’t need to get into. So even within the antibody therapy area we have a very nice lineup of near-term and longer term things that can really I think change the game. The rest of bio science of course we just got approval for TachoSil in our bio surgery business which we will be launching. We continue to make good progress with our seasonal influenza vaccine targeting EU approval this year and hopefully approval and launch in the U.S. before too long. I guess where we are completing a trial right now for a broader hemostasis claim which could be very helpful for the growth of that product. I mentioned in renal but Enterprise which is the next generation PD cycler we will be launching hopefully by sometime in early 2011. Our hemo next generation infusion pump platform. Then in the short-term a number of market expansion opportunities with existing products. ADVATE launches in big markets this year like Brazil and then next year Russia. Following year China. Supreme launch in Japan. I will stop there. I am getting pretty granular. We have a fairly nice array and continuous array in all of our businesses of new product launches both near-term and obviously some bigger things longer term. In addition to the existing growth platforms whether it is hemophilia or recombinant and bio surgery and so on. I covered a lot.
Bob Parkinson: First of all, on your question just a thought. I am going to back up to Matt’s question just a minute ago in terms of what is different today. One of the things that is different today is the existing fractionation capacity that exists is not excessive. So to your point some amount of capacity expansion long-term is going to be necessary to meet ongoing demand. Right? Which goes back to Bruce’s question of what do we view longer term market growth to be. Then you get to the dimension of all the companies deploying sales resources which is really a new paradigm focused on broadening access and demand creation. Then of course one of the questions we frequently get is if you have success with the Alzheimer’s indication my goodness how are you going to have enough capacity to meet that demand? So that is a countervailing factor to your question. What we know, and this isn’t unique to us. It applies I think to all of the companies in the industry that two very expensive capital investment processes that exist in this business; collecting plasma and fractionating. Big capital investment. All of us I am sure are motivated to run our facilities as efficiently as possible. That is one of the reasons getting back to the first question today that Mike asked about the margin flow through on our declining volumes, has a big impact on the plant. So we are very motivated to run our plants and our operations both collecting plasma and fractionating in a fairly smooth, balanced way because it generates real manufacturing efficiencies. Again, I can’t speak for the other companies but I have to believe it is business 101. They are motivated to do the same thing. There is absolutely no incentive for anybody to build capacity if they are not going to utilize it. That is just bad business. I think it probably applies to other rational players and you look at this and say why would we get ahead of ourselves? Everybody else is looking at the same dynamics we are right now. Let’s let that play out over time.
Bob Parkinson: That is a great point. Particularly on the supply piece in terms of plasma where you have a lot of plasma that is collected in the U.S. and exported to be fractionated or in a fractionated form. This really plays into one of our underlying growth strategies of as you know geographic expansion. Emerging and developing markets. That also becomes another complicating but I think positive characteristic of this whole equation.
Rob Davis: I don’t think we want to quantify the specifics of what we assume but I will say we do assume we might lose some additional nominal share. Obviously we are going to do everything we can to not have that happen based on the commercial strategy Bob has laid out. Given we have miscalled it the first time we have definitely made sure we have taken a conservative position and built that into our forecast. So hopefully it won’t happen but we are prepared if it does.
Rob Davis: To turn share around without the effect of our sales promotion and without value of the new products in theory that would be the other way to do it. Yes.
Rob Davis: I would just clarify one point there. Long-term we are probably going to do a little bit more this year than we originally had anticipated. To the fundamentals of our strategy is what Bob is speaking to.
Rob Davis: I would add the other aspect of this too and I don’t think we think of this as a major driver but it is out there is are we seeing where some patients if they are financially strapped and are worried about financial lifetime caps, obviously that will be fixed in the future, but for now will they extend time in between their dosing. We originally didn’t think that would happen. As late as last year we weren’t getting signals of that in the marketplace or any indications that was going on. But now as we look at it that probably is out there as well. The other aspect of this too is there is a reasonable amount of IVIG units in the hospital. As other procedures are not done, so as you see fewer procedures going on in the hospital it is hard for us to get this because there is not, to Bob’s point, there is not a lot of market intelligence. Just from our anecdotal reaches into the marketplace there does seem to be some correlation that as hospital procedures go down also it will have a knock on effect to the use of IVIG in patients who are in those procedures. So that is another aspect. I think it is a lot of little things, not one big thing that is causing this.
Rob Davis: For the ranges they have been moving in so far the answer is no. It has not really materially changed. While we have seen what is happening obviously with the Euro that is one of the currencies we have talked about in the past we actually can fairly hedge against. If you look across a lot of the currencies in Latin America and across Asia it is not unilateral weakness you are seeing in those currencies. So it is very specific. It is specific currencies in Europe right now. As we look at where it has been trading, even down to the range that it is even today I think it is coming down below $1.35 we don’t see that changing our outlook at these levels.
