Joel Grade: Thanks, Joe. Let me start by saying how excited I am to join all of you today for my first earnings call as Baxter's new CFO, and more importantly, how motivated I am to be joining Baxter during such an important point in its transformational journey.  For many years, I've admired Baxter as an iconic company with an incredible mission to save and sustain lives. When the opportunity arose to join the team, I recognize that this is the right next step in my career. The position presented me with the ability to utilize my broad experiences in finance, operations, strategy and transformation, to help the company deliver on its strategic actions that Joe outlined earlier.  While early, I've been extremely impressed with the talented and dedicated employees at Baxter and their unwavering passion for and commitment to our mission. In addition, I'm very optimistic about the numerous opportunities that exist for the company to increase long-term value for our stakeholders.  Finally, I look forward to both speaking with and meeting many of you over the next coming months. Your perspective on our business and the surrounding market landscape will be incredibly valuable as we move forward in our transformation journey.  With that, I'll turn it over to Brian to take us through the Q3 results. Brian, over to you. 
Joel Grade: Thank you. Great to be with all of you this morning. And I really look forward to meeting all of you in person, hopefully in the near future.  So look, I'm first of all really excited to be here. I think all the things that I thought about when I was going through the process with Joe and with the team have only been reiterated to me as I've gotten here and realized the wonderful opportunities that we have here at Baxter.  Yeah, I'd say early impressions, certainly as I said, lots ahead of us, there's lots to do, but we have great people here and incredibly passionate people as it relates to the mission of this company. And again, really a lot of talent as well is my early review.  Yeah, I'd say my early focus, first of all, is going to be about learning the business. As you know I'm newer to the industry, but certainly I'm going to be focused heavily on making sure I understand and learn this complex, interesting business, so I can really make the best decisions to support the team.  And from there, we're going to focus a lot on how do we continue to accelerate growth, how do we accelerate consistent execution of things, and how do we think about where those mechanisms are to ultimately fund growth and value creation. I’ll certainly be spending time understanding our talents and really just to focus the organization.  As Joe said, the background I've gotten is both been rounded in finance, ops strategy, M&A, and transformation. And so bringing all those things to the table here for all the opportunities we have at Baxter, just really thrilled to be here, and those are some of the areas I'm going to be spending time focusing on going forward. 
Joel Grade: And Travis, one thing I would just say, it's Joel. This is also an opportunity to get me up to speed on all this. Again, I think there's going to be very sound strategic rationale on this bid, and obviously the team is taking me through a lot of the financials and a lot of those things. So part of this is also helping me, bring me up to speed in terms of sort of all the financial implications that are involved, so just to add that to this. Thanks. 
Matt Miksic: Thanks so much for taking the questions and congrats on a really strong quarter here. I appreciate all the color around dialysis and your position on all these concerns around GLP-1. That's super helpful.  I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit about the loops and hurdles such that they are in front of you, still to complete this spin of Kidney Co. And if you could maybe just comment on where you're at, what the next steps are. And I have one follow-up if I could. 
Matt Miksic: Fair enough. And then maybe just if I could ask a business line question. The Hill-Rom businesses has been kind of under some pressure last year. Obviously everyone's aware of that for a variety of reasons. Just wondering if you could speak a little bit about how the back half is shaping up relative to your expectations and if we should expect things to continue to improve into your end and if you can give us some idea of a cadence into the fourth quarter year or any sort of puts and takes or updates as to how the sort of bounce back in that company, in that part of the business has progressed. Thanks.
Matt Miksic: Great, thanks for the color. A lot to cover, but I'll leave it there with you and thanks again for taking the questions. 
Joe Almeida: Matt, July 2024 is – the end of July 2024 is where we stand today as the date. As far as we know today, the plan is July 2024. 
Joe Almeida: So Vijay, let's start with the top line. We see stability in the market, in admissions, market growth rates. You saw some of the published numbers from other companies, their hospitals. We see that as well, and we continue to have a pretty stable top line growth, and consistently into 2024. So I'm confident about that. We have ex, our Kidney Care, the other three businesses of Baxter have steady growth into next year. They will probably be higher than in 2023.  Talking about the bottom line, if you see the sequential improvement in our bottom line, that will continue into 2024. We continue to have cost reductions in our manufacturing facilities. We also get more stable volume and growth in volume, absorption of overhead, and some pricing opportunities in a couple of our businesses.  I just highlight, for instance, the turnaround that we're seeing in our pharmaceutical business that will continue with new product launches from ‘23 into ‘24, and also the good demand for a SIGMA Spectrum pump from ‘23 into ’24 just to mention a couple of things.  And also a stabilization of our HST business that we see in terms of our anniversary, some of the differences in end of fiscal years between Hill-Rom and Baxter. We start seeing the stabilization and the successful launch of our Progressive Plus. Just to give you a couple of things that give us more confidence in 2024 in terms of top and bottom line. 
Joe Almeida: Rick, good morning. Good to hear your voice. Listen, we're in the process of selecting the CFO for the company. We're looking for the ability for the person to get operationally into the details and continue to help the transformation of the finance organization. And if you look back at the finance organization in BAS [ph], we had a lot of things that we changed. We have initiated and have done successfully shared service organizations across the board. Also, the development of new talent, the culture, and the people are very important to Baxter.  So Joel coming to the company, need to understand that we are a complex operating company. We have a lot of manufacturing sites. We have a significant amount of R&D sites across the globe. It is a company that spans over 100 different countries in terms of sales, and more than 25 to 30 countries in terms of manufacture and distribution alone.  So somebody who had the intellect to combine that ability to understand complexity and get through it and get operational efficiencies out of it, but continues to transform the finance organization and bring the talent and the culture to the point that we need the agility and the ability to cope with different inputs.  Also, experience in the M&A space that we continue to rotate the portfolio of Baxter, look at opportunities to transform Baxter's WAMGR into a higher WAMGR to better value for our shareholders.  But I pass on to Joel to answer the other side of your question. 
Joe Almeida: And I want to underscore the fact that we're going to continue to see progress on Baxter's top line and bottom line ex those synergies, because we continue to accumulate the cost improvements that we put in place. Also, margin improvement programs, new product launches, the turnaround of pharmaceuticals, and the great demand that we're having for our SIGMA Spectrum pump.  So there are some really good catalyzers I would say, in place that will make ‘24 a better year than ‘23. But I want to make sure that you understand that we will have the dis-synergies. We're in process of putting them in place. 
Joe Almeida: On the current fusion market, we have really good demand, really, really good demand. We haven't lost 1% of market share at all. As a matter of fact, we gained market share.  Our growth, our infusion hardware growth has increased in the mid-teens. And for next year, the demand is pretty solid for our product. Remember, our product has – SIGMA Spectrum has the right precision, the pump has the right precision, and it has what – it’s very well-liked in the marketplace. So we continue to get significant income interest from competitive accounts to our pump, okay.  On the specifically Novum, I want to make sure that we continue to work with the FDA. We have given them all the information required. We submitted with a package. We also give them all the incremental changes that we've made to the product, and we are in continual and regular conversations with them during their review period. This is where we are with Novum.  But I just want to let you know, we really want to get this pump approved. We're doing everything we can. But in the meantime, we have a very capable and really good pump out there. That continues to gain market share and has very good demand as you'll see this year, and you're going to see next year as well.  So it's altogether a good situation for Baxter. Of course, we are working very hard to have the other pump approved. We want to have that approved. 
Joe Almeida: Yeah. We have put a significant amount of operational efficiencies in place, primarily in our logistics and transportation and supply group. We see the headwinds in parts of the business about the cost of energy, primarily fuel, but that has been more than offset by the programs that we put in place. So our initiatives are expected to, as I said, more than offset any increment impact from rising of oil and diesel and diesel prices. 
Joe Almeida: Robby, good morning. We expect, as I say, ex our kidney business, that our margin will be in line with the expectations, okay. Of the short term, and our objective for mid to long term for the company is 4% to 5% as we improve the WAMGR as well. But we have plans ex, to get back at a growth close to what it is today expected.  So it is a good story there, as we have momentum in several different areas of the company with some product launches. As I said, one of the biggest headwinds that we had experienced in the past few years had been our pharmaceutical business that we were able to turn around with great launches. So not giving guidance in 2024, but our expectations is to be around the expectations of the market in terms of growth, and our mid to long term expectations is to be 4% to 5%. 
Joe Almeida: Robby, we have a significant amount of programs in our manufacturing team, logistics team, also pricing initiatives, as well as new product launches. So it's a mixed volume and cost reduction story.  We will be improving sequentially our margins. As you've seen, as we said, remember we're executing on everything that we said we're going to do. We are improving our margins. You're going to see that in the fourth quarter as we have guided, as well as you're going to see that in 2024.  So our confidence in continuing to improve our margins. And once we have the business spun off, the remaining Baxter we'll have even further ability to continue to grow its margins, okay. So because it's all about mix and new products and also pricing.  So our story is about the same, is the aspiration to 45% on the top and the bottom – top line I’m sorry. And the bottom line continued to improve sequentially and continue to find a ways of getting productivity improvement through volume, mix and pricing. 
Joe Almeida: Well, as I mentioned before, it's the same answer. We are very much into the preparations. We have the team in place. We have put all the things in place. The company is working very hard. It is a complex separation, primarily not from the point of view of sales and marketing and the company itself, but it's all the manufacturing and distribution of it.  So we're working on that. We have put people in place. We always, always have the fiduciary responsibility and duty, as our Board has it as well, to continue to pressure test the related financials and including as a result of evolving market conditions in the interest of maximizing shareholder value to ensure that we proceed with that in mind. That is our number one responsibility when we do anything in Baxter. So yes, we're moving forward, but we are always making sure that every step is taken and being analyzed and checked. 
Joe Almeida: Well, we're going to anniversary some headwinds that we had in HST, primarily in the CCS business is one of them. Then we have some good launches in our pharmaceutical business, and we have continued demand increase for our SIGMA Spectrum pump, not even taking into consideration Novum on this, okay. Just by what we currently have today, give us confidence in our growth next year; ex-Renal to be higher than what we have today across all the three segments; MBT, HST, and Pharma. 
Joe Almeida: Just underscoring that the growth is in the remain part of Baxter ex-Renal is steadily improving and our MPT business has been growing above market every quarter and continues to do well. So I want to make sure that you appreciate the momentum that we are embarking and we have shown with the third quarter results what we meant by that. 
Joe Almeida: Just closing on the GPO contract, we're very engaged, the two out of three being negotiated at the moment. They are for 2025. And as Brian said, we are looking at all the opportunities to compensate the company for the significant cost increase that we had experienced in 2022. 
Joe Almeida: Thank you. It comes first from the accountability of each one of the segment Presidents, who are fully accountable for the profit and losses of their business, including all the allocations that got put on. As you saw, is a fully allocated P&L. So they make all the decisions on portfolio management within their spectrum of business. Also, all the decisions in investment research and development.  So you look at HST. This year we've been investing with higher intensity in the HST to get products out faster. There is no two different parties to talk to. It all sits within the business.  Also a great advantage is to have the manufacturing supply chain reporting into this business. Despite the fact we still have a coordination overall for the company, we do have this business, the plants and the heads of those plants in the business, and they are on the same page. And that drives quite a bit of the cost reductions, the optimization of product design, because it's all within the same group.  Some are fungible. Some are not fungible. Some are qualitative improvements that we see by communication. The other is really communication when you have set growth targets for CAGR for the business, it's easier that way. There's no two different parties. We don't have a region of the world that will decide on growth versus a business line that goes across the globe, which is trying to negotiate those numbers.  So it's a very simple conversation. It's very easy to do it, and we're starting to see the effect in the creation of our annual operating plan at the moment, is an easier and better process. 
Clare Trachtman: Yes. Vijay, I'll just quickly. Obviously, interest expense would be kind of a below the line item, so would not be part of our operating margin. But we are expecting – I'll let Brian get into the details in terms of what we're expecting. But as we said in the prepared remarks, we expect interest to be down about $45 million, net interest expense about $45 million in the fourth quarter. 
Clare Trachtman: You know what Travis, why don't I just add a little context here? Because the 1% to 2% you're pointing out, remember, does have some of the Kidney Care impacts in it this year from some of those one-time payments we received last year. So that is kind of putting some pressure if you think about just how much Kidney Care represents of Baxter are contributing to that 1% to 2%. In addition, within our other segment, you'll see that down pretty significantly.  So I think for the base Baxter business, this is what Joe was alluding to, you are seeing nice progression this year. Within the HST business, I think you're seeing some momentum within the frontline care. I think as we get to next year, within the CCS business, we'll see some of that momentum going into 2024. Now, with respect to Kidney Care in 2024, that's one of the businesses. We will anniversary some of those one-time payments, but we will have to continue to look at some of the other factors that impacted growth this year, including just sales within our China region that have been impacted by the government procurement initiatives, as well as just the rebasing following the pandemic last year. 
Clare Trachtman: So Joanne, I'll first take the MPT question. I would say, within this quarter, there was a little bit of mix coupled with some increased investments within MPT, but we should see sequential improvement within that business as well as we go into the fourth quarter, similar to what we will see with most of the businesses as well, so kind of following the general trend of Baxter. But this quarter on a year-over-year basis, if you look at it, just face differences within mix and some increased investments. 
Brian Stevens: Yeah, and speaking to operating margin, you're correct. Our full year operating margin guidance that we gave of 14.3% to 14.5% implies a fourth quarter adjusted operating margin that exceeds 16% versus the 15.2% adjusted operating margin we landed at in the third quarter.  Really, the primary driver of that increase is the sequential improvement in our sales, which is typical seasonally. That provides us a lot better operating leverage against our cost base, and we're really encouraged to see the progress we've made in significantly expanding our margins in the second half of the year compared to the first half.  As we discussed on our last two earnings calls, that expansion is driven not just by the higher sales, but also by cost favorability in our supply chain network, as we sold through a lot of our higher cost inventory during the first half of the year. And we're starting to see these savings from our margin improvement initiatives, we think is going to begin to slightly outpace inflation starting in the fourth quarter. And then finally, driven by cost savings from the operational efficiency initiatives we've been undertaking in recent periods. 
Brian Stevens: Rick, maybe a few comments on that. As Joe mentioned earlier, the process of the spin is going between now and we're planning to wrap up in July of 2024. All the models are still in progress and we are refining our dis-synergy and standalone cost estimates.  We do plan to be providing additional information on this in connection with our 2024 guidance that we provide at year end, as well as in connection with an Investor Day that we intend to have in advance of that spin taking place. So no specific guidance on the particular quantification of the synergies at this time. 
Brian Stevens: Yeah, and Robby, our plan right now, this third quarter, completing our verticalization and reporting out segment profitability was a big milestone for us, and we're extremely excited to be able to share that with you. And I think our long-term plan is when we get to year end and we're putting out information, we do plan to go back and provide supplemental information on history, to provide some better comparability as we've done in other situations in the past.  But I think, the way to generally think about it, as you're looking at the overall directionality of where Baxter margins have trended from the first half of the year, as we're selling through some of our higher cost inventory to the second half of the year, pretty much across all of our segments, you're going to see sequential margin increases in the back half, contributing not just to the items I've pointed out before, but also to additional operating leverage just from higher sales in the back half of the year.  So stay tuned and we will be providing you more of that information. 
Brian Stevens: And I think adding to that, as Joe mentioned, we have a strong pump on the market right now and we're seeing mid-teens growth in some of the equipment sales that are coming through that business. So I think that is something that has helped us that we'll be continuing to focus on next year.  Regarding the second question on pricing, there's some puts and takes here. We do have some of our GPO contracts coming up for renewal and we are committed to negotiating pricing that reflects current costs that have increased in recent years and is fair to both parties. We did get some temporary price increasing during the – in recent periods that's going to be rolling off, but shortly after that we'll be entering it into the negotiation stage.  So stay tuned on that, but we are committed to focusing on pricing as one of our levers in the future. 
