Bob Parkinson: Sure Josh, Bob Parkinson. I may ask Jay Saccaro to add his comments as well. Relative to the renal performance, clearly the growth in first quarter was -- actually the business was fairly flat as we pointed out in the script, largely due conscious decision to walk away from a couple of tenders that frankly weren’t generating the kind of returns that we expect. One of the things that we've talked about before and you'll hear more about when we were in New York a few weeks is our increased focus on portfolio and particularly in areas that the returns in certain businesses in certain countries are not generating accept those kind of returns and so that was really what contributed mostly to the softness in the first quarter of the overall renal business. Going forward we're looking at mid single digit growth for the remainder of the year that’s really led by faster growth in the acute area. But overall, we're projecting about mid single digit growth as I said for the last nine months of the year. So in some ways the first quarter was a bit of an anomaly. Relative to your question more specifically about Gambro, the decisions we made to walk away from tenders and so were in fact in the chronic space the hemodialysis space that would be associated with the Gambro business. The PD business continues to -- underlying demand continues to be strong globally, I would say that we continue to work through the integration issues with Gambro as we face that on a global basis. Again the numbers right now are tracking a little bit behind the model that we pull together when we did the acquisition, but we continue to be very positive about the decision to make the acquisition and the prospects of the business going forward. Jay, you want to talk about maybe the second part of the question, Baxter question.
Bob Parkinson: Josh, one thing I would add coming back to my comments, the specific focus on Gambro, obviously one of the rationales behind the deal was to be able to bring forward a broad based product offering and in addition to the cost synergies that Jay just commented on is the opportunity for commercial synergies that we're all starting to release. So as we move forward, really the way to value this business or evaluate the business is to look at it in total. While the chronic business was softer in the first quarter for the reasons that I mentioned, we're seeing synergies already in terms of increased demand in the PD segment as a result of being able to bring a broad product offering to the marketplace, particularly participating in certain tenders and so on where we have as I say a complete product offering. So I think going forward the way to look at this business is really an aggregate because you're going to see the various components certainly in the chronic space where there is traditional in-center or PD in the home begin to melt together somewhat.
Bob Parkinson: Again we'll be more specific on that in a couple of weeks, but Bob maybe you might just want to make couple of comments about that.
Bob Parkinson: Well I think the expectation is we would get approval very late in 2015 and then launch 855. So from midyear last year launch of ELOCTATE till that point at the end of this year before we launch 855 that that’s the single digit share loss that we're referring to.
Bob Parkinson: First of all the entire $300 million is in new BAX that's partly absorbed by Baxalta as well. But nonetheless it’s a meaningful number. I would say our intent would be to offset the negative impact of dissynergies and stranded costs if you will probably within a two-year timeframe, but frankly that’s just part of a broader initiative to evaluate opportunity to pull out structural cost, which is a significant opportunity going forward. This is the story that you're going to hear in a few weeks in New York is our belief strongly is that there is an opportunity to meaningfully improve margins over time whether it’s the Gambro synergies that we continue to track well on as Jay commented earlier focus on structural cost improvement in manufacturing efficiencies and costs going forward because we have absorbed some incremental costs. As you know in our facilities particularly in manufacturing IV solutions and PD solutions as a result of looking for ways to enhance our operational and quality performance in those businesses, the re-launch of CIGMA spectrum portfolio as I talked about in terms of a more proactive management of that and then increased focus on higher margin, higher growth product. So in aggregate, this provides a very exciting opportunity to meaningfully increase margins over time, but you're right. Back to your question David, as you benchmark versus peers and so on, as you'll see we're at the lower end. Now part of that frankly to some degree is the nature of the businesses that we're in. Not only IV solutions, but PD solutions, we incur significant distribution cost as associated would be in those businesses that typically are unique to those kinds of businesses compared to other companies you might want to benchmark again. So in some ways the real litmus test here is in those businesses are we generating returns that are sufficiently in excess of our cost of capital. In many ways this gets back to the whole notion of focusing on portfolio. So again I'll stop there. Jay I could talk a lot of this, but you'll hear more on this in few weeks David.
Bob Parkinson: Well yes first and foremost, I would say the second quarter very much aligns with our outlook of the full year. So there is a calendarization impact at work here as well just in terms of timing of tenders and so on. But clearly the cycle impact will accelerate in the second quarter relative to the first quarter fairly meaningfully as that first competitor is much more entrenched in the marketplace. And FX will continue to be a headwind as we've talked about the rate at which we've been able to hedge key currencies like the Euro or much in the first half of the year than they are in the back half of the year. So that's certainly a contributor to the near term. But again I would emphasize this is all very much in line with our expectations as we look at 2015 initially.
Bob Parkinson: Yes, well the synergies that Jay commented on earlier largely associated with structural cost and global manufacturing footprint and things of that nature -- very operational in nature. In terms of our gross margins, we're confident that we're on track with what we model in that regard. I think clearly the -- and we modeled this in. I think the traditional in center hemo market will always be very, very price competitive and so I think we've been very realistic in how we forecasted pricing and margins going forward and that business I think the acute segment and frankly the PD segment in certain markets around the world can be more blank in terms of pricing and selling. But net, net for the broad renal business including the Gambro component, I think our outlook in terms of pricing, market dynamics and how that manifests itself in gross margins is pretty realistic.
Bob Parkinson: Well we’re very pleased and we’re pleased in the first place, because the feedback from the patient is very strong. But it also gives value to the payer as well. Overall, we believe let’s say a decrease in total cost of therapy even though we were able to take a price premium, because of the equivalents of the bioavailability of HYQVIA. So I believe it’s a winner. We’re in a position over the long-term to make this a leading product within PI. The opportunities that we have on the development side is to go outside of PI, that PI is about 20% to 25% of the total business. So we’re starting Phase III program in CIBP as well as we continue to look at extending the label with NPI. At this moment we’ll restrict it to adults. So we’re very, very pleased with the uptake six months in and we have 1500 patients out of 15,000.
Bob Parkinson: That’s not going to incur in the back half of ‘15, but that’s our current estimate of the annual impact. Initial dyssynergies from a run rate perspective I would tell you we’ll get into this more in May, but both businesses are going to begin to do what we can to mitigate some of those dyssynergies even starting in 2016. So that will be part of what we get into at the Investor Meeting here in a few weeks. But from a run rate perspective in the back half of ’15, the $0.40 roughly well as I said approximately, $300 million or so in overall dyssynergies. So it’s a bit more than $0.40.
Bob Hombach: Well certainly, yes. Josh, I think first and foremost this is a clear indication of confidence in the future prospects of Baxalta and I think it provides a significant amount of flexibility in terms of capital structure really for both businesses as we approach this significant separation and try to set up the two entities for sustainable success going forward. Again very confident in the ability to generate significant cash for both and want to ensure we position both that in a very competitive environment to be ready and able to continue to pursue their strategies, which include reinvesting in the business and potentially bolt-on acquisitions as well. And as Bob mentioned, I think we will get into much more detail on that as we get into the Investor Conference in May.
Bob Hombach: And Kristen as it relates to gross margin yes, the gross margin did come in from a percentage base is a bit better than we expected in the quarter. That certainly is driven by mix. You saw BioScience grew very strongly. Some modest price contribution as well as a bit than we expected, but also on a reported basis, we did have hedge gains as I mentioned and so those hedge gains while they do impact the gross margin, they’re simply offsetting the underlying weakness in the currency that’s driving down the natural sales and gross margins that would otherwise be reported by the business. So the mechanics here with the lower reported sales, but the gross profit dollars being preserved by the hedges, result in a higher reported gross margin and that contributed somewhere between 60 and 70 basis points to the reported gross margin percentage benefit in the quarter. Just maybe a moment more on those hedges, again I would emphasize that these hedge preserve value, they do not in and of themselves create incremental value. They are there to hedge underlying exposures. By definition if the currencies are weak and those underlying exposures are worsening and the hedges again preserve value back to our original expectation. But as it relates to year-over-year comparisons as we think to the back half of 2015 and then into 2016, the hedge rates we have in place in the first half of 2015 are very attractive particularly for the Euro, north of $1.30, $1.30 per euro which clearly we put in a place a long time ago. But the hedge rates we have in place for the back half of ’15 are less than that and certainly for 2016 are nowhere near that. So while they do not create incremental value necessarily in 2015 for Baxter, in 2016 if rates stay where they're at, sales will continue to be depressed but our hedge rate will imply a gross margin percentage and value that will be less than what we're seeing now. We estimate at current rate that, that would be $70 million to $80 million of incremental headwind if you will in 2016 for the combined company, which equates to about $0.10 to $0.12. So at current rates we would see that in 2016, but again I just want to emphasize the hedge gains improve reported gross margin percentage but in and of themselves are not necessarily added to the bottom line because they’re there to hedge underlying exposure.
Bob Hombach: Yeah, I would definitely separate the anomalous situation that occurred here in Q1 in other income from the operational FX we expect to incur, which again we continue to think is approximately $0.40 and at the op income line. As it relates to 2016, my comments were specifically about the year-over-year potential for headwind related FX gains. The overall FX picture is clearly going to be defined by how currency rates move between now and in the end of 2015, which they have been fairly volatile. And plus we’ll have different impacts by business as well. So I don’t want to get too far ahead of myself here as it relates to overall expectations on FX impact in 2016 other than to say we’ve hedged gains here are clearly going to be an issue at the current level of exchange rates and the current level of hedge rates we’ve been able to achieve thus far in 2016 and again I peg that at about $0.10 to $0.12 on a year-over-year basis.
David Roman: Thank you, good morning, everybody. Hey Bob. I wanted just to start with hemophilia. I think in your prepared remarks you referenced 2% cumulative share loss for now three quarters into the Biogen launch. Are we at a point now where you feel confident in sort of your original substance about the pace of share loss and if that is the case why not a more optimistic outlook than the 0% to 2% guidance that you're providing for the balance of 2015.
David Roman: And if I could just clarify something just before I go to my second question. You said the high single digit share loss between ELOCTATE and 855, so I think about the total Baxter franchise, ADVATE, plus 855 the share loss will be lower than high single digits.
David Roman: Got it. Okay. And then secondly just on margins, Bob in your comments around renal, you made the point that you did walk away from some lower margin business and I think one of the potential opportunities around the medical products is the relative profitability compared to peers. Can you just may be give some sense on the dissynergies. How easy is it just to cut out those incremental $300 million, it sounds like you're adding the cost than in terms of pulling it back out. You have commitment to ranch it that down, but how long does something like that take and what are the steps needed to get there.
Ludwig Hantson: Well, thanks for the question David. So as you said, we continue to see growth in our recombinant Factor VIII demands in the U.S. In addition to that, as you saw we have very strong FEIBA growth. I can tell you we have a very strong team and ADVATE has a very strong brand equity. And the bar is high and the bar is high on efficacy and tolerability. So with respect to guidance that we gave you already last year, high single digit market share loss between the launch and the launch of ELOCTATE and the launch of 855. We still stick to that guidance for now. The 2% market share we're doing better as expected. We're going to see what we're going to do in the next couple of quarters. You should also note that we will get additional competition within the Factor VIII space in U.S. So we will keep you posted on how we're doing and we will adjust our sales guidance accordingly.
Ludwig Hantson: Well FEIBA is the number one driver within that segment. So we're just launching OBIZUR and the patient response is very positive on OBIZUR. So we're still building that business. On FEIBA we see different dimensions here. The first one continued growth -- demand growth because of very strong rollout of the [profile] [ph] indication and in addition to that, we've been able to take a little bit of price on FEIBA.
Ludwig Hantson: Yes, this is Ludwig. Kristen, thanks for your question. With respect to hemophilia, these new patient reimbursement programs, we do this for access reasons. Want to make sure that people have access to all products. With respect to the Georgia plant, it is on schedule. As for supplies concerns, we will grow faster than the market including the Sanquin opportunity. You mentioned Sanquin is still on track to have the first product by the end of this year and we will be focused on European product.
Ludwig Hantson: This is a great question and you're going to feel the details on May 19. So I hope you'll be able to join us. But overall we believe that this business will continued to be a growth driver for us in all the different segments inhibitors as well as hemophilia. What we're doing is we're building both breadth and depth in our portfolio. The depth as you mentioned with 855 hopefully launched by the end of this year, 826 and then moving to gene therapy. Everything is related to factor replacement, which is an advantage because the clinical, the regulatory piece, the manufacturing piece is very well understood. So that’s the path that we’re on. The breadth is that we’re going outside of hemophilia and you know that we have different opportunities in development. So overall this will continue to be a growth driver for us, but we’re going to give you much more details on May 19.
Ludwig Hantson: 817, recombinant VII, so positive Phase 3 data, we have to power test we have a long list of products within hemophilia. We have to prioritize from a manufacturing perspective, 817 is lower in the ranks and that’s the reason why, we will not be submitting later this year. With respect to 855 the regulatory review is ongoing. No red flags at this moment and we believe that we still have the chance to get approval before yearend.
Robert Parkinson: $0.40 is our full year expectation, so excluding the anomaly of the other income in Q1 we're very much in that range still for 2015, but about two-thirds of that will impact us in the back half of the year for the reasons I mentioned the hedge rates are at less attractive levels for us and frankly the Euro has deteriorated from when initially gave guidance as well.
Robert Parkinson: Yeah, Bob we haven’t been quite that specific. What we simply said, it would be at the very low end of the peers that for a number of reasons and frankly as we work through all of the details here on the separation including things like the pension that we currently have in the U.S. which generates simply the amount of expense and how that gets a portion between the two companies and so on. Again we lay all this out at the Investor Meeting, but I just want to clarify, we haven’t specified a start point if you will from an operating income margin perspective.
Robert Parkinson: Yeah, the only thing I would say about pension is due to the fact that we are going to be have to split the pension, that triggers a gap requirement for a re-measurement. This is the process that normally happens at the end of the year where you rebase, where you discount rate is, your asset return assumption etcetera, your mortality table the whole mind yards. So there is a possibility that pension expense could be different. I think directionally interest rates are slightly lower now than they were at the end of the year. So there may be some impact. I don’t think it's going to be super material. Other than that and the factors that you've mentioned, I don’t think there is anything else in the business we’ve talked about that has changed.
Robert Parkinson: Yes, as we said all along we're going to lay out the full financial outlook. The sales, the operating margins, the cash flow generation capabilities of two businesses as well as capital structure in terms of bed allocation and capital allocation policies including dividend policy, that will all be part of our discussions with investors on the 18 and 19 of May in New York.
