Mary Ladone: Thanks, Sean, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me today are Bob Parkinson, CEO and Chairman of Baxter International; and Bob Hombach, Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, let me remind you that this presentation, including comments regarding our financial outlook, new product developments and regulatory matters, contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties and of course, our actual results could differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filings for more details concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. In addition, in today's call, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Baxter's ongoing business performance. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures being discussed today to the comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings release issued this morning and available on our website. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Bob Parkinson.
Mary Ladone: David, Mary Kay here. I would say that too, our guidance reflects a slight drag in gross margin due to currency. We frequently talked about how on the bottom line, given our natural hedge position, this is really immaterial.
Mary Ladone: In the fourth quarter, the Octapharma benefit was in the $20 million to $30 million range from a top line perspective. And we are currently expecting that same range of sales in the first half of the year, so for each of the two quarters, for a total of about $40 million to $60 million. We do expect Octapharma, based on what they said, to come back in the back half of this year. At least that's what our guidance is now contemplating. So depending on that, situation, there could be further upside in the back half of the year. But we didn't think it was prudent at this point to really build that into our guidance for the year.
Mary Ladone: I'm not sure on the timing on the Phase I for the longer-acting. It'll be sometime this year. We do have to formulate our I&D and submit that to the FDA, have them look at that, accept it and then basically start with the trial. So that's probably several months away, Larry. In terms of the HyQ data, we just finished the trial at the end of December. So we're currently pulling together the data and doing the analysis and evaluating opportunities to disclose that to you folks.
Mary Ladone: I mean, generally speaking, albumin and PD Factor VIII are growing in low-single digits. Bruce, PD Factor VIII, the dynamic here in the U.S., is that we’re seeing the conversion to recombinant therapies. We don't have a von Willebrand factor in our PD Factor VIII, so many of our other competitors are selling their products for that particular indication. Albumin, low-single digits. It's been a little bit challenged here in the U.S., but we continue to see very strong double-digit growth outside the U.S., particularly in China. I'd mentioned ARALAST and Alpha-1 market, now with the addition of GLASSIA. That continues to grow in double digits. So as Bob mentioned, there's a lot of different dynamics because each of these different products are geared towards the different markets. But in general, when you weigh all that together, we pretty much come up with low- to mid-single digit growth.
Mary Ladone: Yes, Bruce, I'll also add. I mean, Bob mentioned in his opening comments, we screened over the years, a hundred candidate molecules, and we found one that we're moving into or Phase I clinical trial this year.
Mary Ladone: On the PEGylated. And ADVATE really is the gold standard here in terms of its efficacy, its safety level, its inhibitor development, breakthrough bleeds. So it is a very, very high standard, I think, that the competition will have to meet. And that's something that we'll continue to look at when they come out with their Phase I data. As you know, they've moved into Phase III, and we'll be interested to see what their profile looks like.
Mary Ladone: Although Bob, I would mention that a lot of that impact is going to be somewhat muted by the pricing touchup annualization effect.
Mary Ladone: And that within Medication Delivery, we said that our guidance is low-single digit growth in that business. Excluding the divestiture growth would've been in the mid-single digits consistent with performance that we saw in 2010.
Mary Ladone: Remember, Matt, too that Sub-Q is basically just GAMMAGARD LIQUID delivered in a different administration way. So there's no change to the product. So it's not anything that we have to ramp up production on.
Mary Ladone: We have. But we have several indications that are already approving. Clearly, the competition in this area, Matt, has the broad hemostasis indication. So we are a little bit put at a compromised position. So it would help in terms of share gains to have this particular indication.
Mary Ladone: And I would also mentioned, Glenn, that we did finalize our negotiations last year, as you know, as we worked through our touch up pricing and last it into pricing in the U.S. for 2011. So that's pretty much -- I wouldn't view Octapharma as a situation as -- a significant pricing opportunity here in the U.S., but it may perhaps drive some flexibility outside the U.S.
Robert Hombach: Yes. I would point out some of the headwinds that not only affect our ability to grow the top line at where we historically liked to be growing here in 2011, but also drive the operating leverage that we've historically been driving as well. We've mentioned it many times, but probably worth spending just a moment to reiterate. We'll anniversary the impact of the U.K. tenders we moved through the course of this year, but on the front part of the year in particular, given the implementation timeframe in the U.K. That will be a drag on top line growth and operating leverage. We had pretty significant revenues related to vaccines in Q1 of last year that, again, will be a growth headwind in the front part of 2011. The pricing touchups we implemented in the U.S. and Plasma business were largely a back half event, so it will take some time to work that through and get that fully into our base during the front half of this year. And then finally, the manufacturing and efficiencies in the Plasma business as we slowed down collections and production during the front part, particularly of 2010 as we've talked about, that'll be a drag on margin or operating leverage in the front half of 2011. So many of these headwind issues work their way through our base during the course of 2011. As we move into 2012, I think the underlying dynamic that we've been driving in the past of driving higher margin products going faster than the corporate average, to drive operating leverage, I think that dynamic is still very much there, but it will take a while for that to emerge as we work through these headwinds.
Robert Hombach: Yes, I think a couple of things. First, the fact that we're able to hold markets flat in 2011 versus 2010 despite the significant headwinds that I've mentioned: the U.K. tender impact, the higher margin vaccine sales in the 2010 base, pricing touchups, the manufacturing rollout. I think that is indicative of -- there's a lot of mixed benefit and some selective pricing opportunities here that are all setting that and allow us to maintain margin. I'd also say that the 50.0% margin you see in the fourth quarter is certainly the trough, the low-end of where we think things are going to be, the most significant impact that we expect to see here in going forward. We should see improving margins as we move through 2011.
Robert Hombach: No. Certainly, we faced a number of headwinds in our European business this year. So our European sales as a percent of total would be lower than it had been historically and that may be, probably, the single biggest driver as to why the impact on us maybe a little bit different. The vaccine issue with H1N1 pandemic and the U.K. tender, et cetera, those certainly manifested themselves within our European footprint and so on. I would attribute it to that.
Robert Hombach: Yes, I think given the strength of our current cash position and some flexibility we have within our current ratings on the debt side, we can continue to do $1 billion net in buyback and fund the type of acquisitions that we've talked about.
Robert Hombach: The $0.15, the actions that we've talked about, we've already taken a number of them and will continue throughout the course of 2011. And so we expect them, three quarters of that benefit, to be realized in 2011. The remainder to come in, in 2012.
Robert Hombach: While we did a very good job of leveraging SG&A, we do have a couple of challenges in 2011 that are going to put pressure on that ratio. We talked about the fact of the former tax of $40 million is going to book and that the SG&A line. We also, like many other companies with the define benefit plan, have a pretty significant uptick in pension and OPEB expenses. And so that's going to equate about $0.08 across the P&L in 2011 that we're absorbing here related to pension and OPEB incrementally, which is certainly is going to accept the SG&A line as well to some degree. So while we're benefiting from the charge and some of the efficiencies were going after, were also getting some headwinds here at the SG&A line.
Robert Hombach: Sure. Top line, we said 2% to 3% with the impact. Excluding the impact, 4% to 5% topline growth organic for 2011. Bottom line for this business was very minimal. It was a low-margin business, which was one of the reasons why we were looking to divest it. And so virtually no impact on the bottom line.
Robert Hombach: And TISSEEL is a meaningfully sized product for us. So returning to growth with this new indication would be helpful.
Robert Hombach: I think it's fair to say that that supply should be tight. I mean our expectation is we're going to be tight, meeting demand we see for our products and how that plays in. We'll see.
Robert Hombach: I mean, as we indicated in the Q3 call, we did expect to see some de-stocking in the fourth quarter. And we did in fact, see that. We're largely where we wanted to be, and we expect to be able to grow roughly in line with the market in 2011 for recombinant Factor VIII in the U.S.
Robert Parkinson: And the last dynamic that I would mention, as I was listening to Bob, that I want to mention too, Mike, is really the acceleration of the growth of our Medical Products business, particularly the historical Medical Delivery business. As you know, we continued to have some exposure and erosion in our Infusion Systems business with the COLLEAGUEs, SIGMA conversion and the like, although we're quite encouraged as to how that's going. But the rest of the business is actually doing very well. So compared to the historical sales growth, that particular business moving forward, as evidenced in '10 and our guidance for '11, is actually growing at a faster rate. So we test a lot of stuff there, but those are the primary dynamics.
Robert Parkinson: Yes, I mean, there's product mix and business mix dynamics. Obviously, the BioScience business recovers generally higher margins across the board. I get driven by, obviously, the Plasma turnaround. That's a positive mix effect on the top line. And I don't think you can overstate the impact too on the gross margin line, relative to the manufacturing inefficiencies as a result of lowering our throughput in both collection and fractionation and how that plays through the P&L, particularly in the first half of 2011, which is one of the reasons we're calling for the rebounding of gross margin percentages later in the year. Bob, do you want to add with Mary Kay? Either one of you.
Robert Parkinson: Yes. In terms of the restructuring impact and some of the charges, we don't have anything specifically planned, Kristen, beyond the impact of what fundamentally we've already implemented. I would tell you, there's not a lot in there that's associated with the recent reorganization and integration of the Renal and Medication Delivery business. But again, as I commented last quarter, the fundamental driver for that was less about structural cost and more about effectiveness. Both in terms of R&D and effectiveness and operational supply chain impact and so on. Not to say that going forward in the business or all of our business, as you know, we're always vigilant in looking for ways to take out structural costs and overhead costs. But we don't have anything specific planned beyond what we've communicated this morning.
Robert Parkinson: Yes. I mean look, it's still early. First of all, we've been very pleased, as I mentioned in my prepared comments, of SIGMA's ability to ramp up, okay? I mean, they've really done a great job of ramping up, and we're very encouraged by that. And then in terms of the dynamics in the marketplace, the reality is the consent order was finalized, was it June or July? I guess in the summer. And as we start 2011, you can count the number of accounts that we've lost to competition, frankly, on one hand. I mean, it hasn't been that much. So we're very pleased with not only the ramp up by SIGMA, but the receptiveness by our customers in the marketplace. So we still have a long ways to go on this. But thus far, again, we're pleased with how it's evolving.
Robert Parkinson: So separate issues. Let's take the competitive issue and just set it aside for a second, and look at, maybe discuss our assessment of the current market dynamics, which I think are pretty consistent with what we communicated the last quarter. I mean, antibiotic therapy is the biggest piece. Our current assessment of market growth in the U.S., as we said before, is like mid-single digits. There are bouts and certainly, it's in a faster rate, high-single digits o U.S., which is encouraging. And we anticipate that continuing. And obviously, our longer-term strategy then, from a share point of view, is to augment that through differentiation with HyQ and new indications and all of those things. So as I commented, we're pleased with how the market growth in general, both U.S. and o U.S., remains quite solid. And again, I think very encouraging outlook for that business long-term. The Octopharma piece -- excuse me, the competitive piece that we're dealing with, I'm not sure. Mary Kay, do we talk about the specific amounts that we...
Robert Parkinson: No, I never say he's completed it, nor I don't think any of our other business heads are -- I mean look, that's an ongoing process. Now your question, of course, is with the integration of the two. There's kind of a first phase of that. I think Rob's got his arms around that. But beyond the enhanced effectiveness in terms of R&D productivity and so on, a lot of the efficiencies are not necessarily structural costs in a traditional definition, but things related to supply chain manufacturing and so on, which is another piece of it. So look, we're going to continue to look not only in that area but other areas as we've always done for opportunity to take structural cost and redirect our SG&A spending into promotion marketing and so on. But no, I wouldn't say that Rob is done, but back, I think it was Kristen Stewart's question, we don't have anything, Larry, defined going forward.
Robert Parkinson: Yes. There'll be some incremental costs incurred. I would say, Larry, it's largely going to be associated with what I described as plant inefficiencies, or support costs that we need to put into the Castlebar facility as we complete the root cause and get this line back up fully. Clearly, will be some incremental logistics or distribution costs. The most important objective here is to ensure that these patients are able to remain on therapy and remain on Baxter PD products on therapy. And we're fortunate enough to be in a position where through our other manufacturing sites around the world that -- and we've worked very collaboratively with the European Medicines Agency to work out a process where we can bring product and to ensure that those patients stay on therapy. So I mean strategically, that's the most important thing. Having said that there, there will be some incremental cost incurred because of this dynamic, both in terms of plant costs and logistics costs. Bob Hombach cited that in his comments. I don't know that we've aggregated that specifically.
Robert Parkinson: For about $10 in the quarter. That's why I said in my prepared comments, Larry, financially, this is a manageable thing.
Robert Parkinson: And we're continuing to -- we're bringing on capacity, continuing to convert as much of our Albumin business to our proprietary, unique, Flexbumin container, Bruce, which we think will help solidify our position going forward as a result of that.
Robert Parkinson: First, I would never say we're sanguine about any competitive development, okay? And I wouldn't say about this technology. But having said that, you’re right. I mean, we have a very robust and expansive assessment capability, type assessment capability, in a number of areas. But probably none stronger than the recombinant hemophilia space. And we've commented on that before that particular competitive development that you've mentioned, and I wouldn't have anything to add to that today. I mean the data that has emerged on that thus far is quite limited as you know. It's very early. As a non-scientist, I'm not going to weigh in on -- nor am I able to weigh in on the more technical scientific aspects of the actual technology and so on. Norbert, Dr. Riedel, has done that in a number of forms. And so it's the kind of thing that is so early. And like any early things, I think it's high-risk. But having said all that, I'll kind of maybe close where I started. I wouldn't suggest we're sanguine about anything.
Robert Parkinson: And the other thing I would interject -- Bruce, you said, maybe a lot of people don't understand our position in this market as well as they might, a fact that I find very compelling and we've talked about this before, is that Baxter's market share on patients, new patients that go on therapy, previously untreated patients in virtually every, I think, every developed market around the world has higher, and in some cases, meaningfully higher than our overall markets share. And so when we talk about ADVATE being the gold standard, I think that's more than just our opinion and our view. I think it's substantiated by the early adopters that go on therapy. And I think that's a very compelling fact.
Robert Parkinson: Okay. Well, Bob, let me take a stab at this because that's pretty expansive, and I think I'm sure I'll miss some things and then Mary Kay and Bob can kind of pipe in. First of all, we're hopeful that in the first half of 2011, we can get approval for the 10% Sub-Q. This is without the HYLENEX technology, which in and of itself, will be meaningful. We're looking to file the HyQ. And I think I mentioned this in my comments, 10% of HyQ, we're looking to file that in the second half of this year. We're also targeting to file in the second quarter of this year, TISSEEL, for a broad hemostasis indication, which could be significant for us. We're going to complete the trials I think late this year. Mary Kay, correct me if I'm wrong on the end MMN indication. Is that, right? Just to make sure I have. We're now entering Phase III in the second quarter, soon to enter Phase III in the second quarter of this year on our recombinant von Willebrands, which we're excited about. As I mentioned in my prepared comments, we're going to complete enrollment in the third quarter of this year, on the First Phase pre-trial for Alzheimer's and targeting to initiate the second Phase III trial sometime in the second half of the year.
Robert Parkinson: I mean, really, Bob, this is the basis of my comment when I said kind of an indirect accomplishment. I suppose in 2010, as with all the challenges we faced, we did move one year closer to what I think is a very exciting pipeline. And it's something you can reach out, almost reach out and grab now. So we're excited about that. I should also mention our key product ADVATE. We launched ADVATE in Brazil in the third quarter of 2010. We're hopeful that we can launch it in Russia this year. Planning on launching ADVATE in China in 2012. And another exciting product launch that we have approval for and will be launching shortly in Japan, which is a big anesthesia market, is our proprietary Suprane. So we'll stop there. That's a lot of stuff. But I think it's pretty encouraging.
Robert Parkinson: We're having some discussions here with the FDA. And hopefully, we'll have some information on that before too long. We haven't talked about it, you're right. We continue to be very enthusiastic about that. But we don't want to get ahead of ourselves until we get a little more definition in terms of our interaction with the agency on that. So maybe we'll have something more specific there before too long.
Robert Parkinson: I wouldn't assume the margins any different fundamentally. So you get a sense of the drop through there.
Robert Parkinson: Well I would say generally, we adopt a pretty conservative position in the sense that until you actually have the approval, it’s speculative. So we don't want to get out ahead of ourselves obviously, until the 30 grams has been approved. So you can wear a little better position there. So I think the impact on our guidance for 2011 for those particular line extensions is really not that significant.
Robert Parkinson: Yes. Let me see if I can address it this way. We hope that, that will continue. We have plans, I'm sure erosion, into our 2011 plan and our guidance, Rick, okay. It's why I said earlier, in response to the earlier question, while we are very encouraged by the acceptance levels of the product in the marketplace thus far and the fact, as you've pointed out, we've lost very few accounts. I think it's still early, and we have to let that manifest itself. But we're doing everything that we can to make sure that frankly, the successes we've enjoyed to date are extended. And if so, then that'll be positive. But it's still early in the game.
Robert Parkinson: It's a fair question, Rick. I mean, clearly, our aspiration is to have none of these. I also would say we need to get better. I also believe we're much better today than we were. I think the development of our quality systems, central quality systems, which we referred to as 1Qsys which is really a top down Baxter system that overlays all of our businesses, which we began implementing two or three years back, is already and will pay dividends going forward. This all happening in a broader external environment, which is increasingly challenging, and I think appropriately so. So that's the external environment. We have made a great progress. Clearly, I'm not happy to have to communicate that we got a warning letter. It hasn't been posted, which is why I wanted to make sure I took advantage of the opportunity this morning to communicate that to everyone. Like to say, our aspiration is zero defect here. We're better than we were, but we have to get better. And beyond that, I really can't add a lot.
Robert Parkinson: Yes, I mean, based on the packaged offering and kit-ing and so on and so forth, I mean that's the kind of thing we can respond fairly quickly too. So it doesn’t make a lot of sense to be building finished inventory with the components and so on at this stage. I think we can respond fairly quickly if and when we get our approval.
Robert Parkinson: All right, let me tackle the first one, which probably won't be too satisfying to you, Glenn, and I'll ask Mary Kay.
Robert Parkinson: I guess that's for a lot of reasons. I'm just not going to give pricing. I think it's early to see how all this cascades out. I certainly understand why you're asking the question but I'm not going to go there.
