Joe Almeida: Thank you, Claire, and welcome to everyone joining us on the call today. I sincerely hope that you, your families and colleagues are all safe and well during this difficult time. As we continue to deal with the evolving impact from the global COVID-19 pandemic, our Baxter team salutes the selfless health care providers and first responders who are rising to the enormous challenges with bravery and compassion. Their dedication inspires us all. This is uncharted to rain for the health care industry and society at large. At the same time, Baxter's path forward is clear. It is defined by our mission to save and sustain lives, just as it has been for nearly 90 years. We are doing everything we can to support patients, the healthcare system, our employees and the communities we serve worldwide. Baxter's medically essential portfolio places on the front lines of this pandemic. We are experiencing extraordinary demand for many products, including our PrisMax and PRISMAFLEX, continuous renal replacement therapy, devices and associated consumables. Our MINI-BAG Plus drug delivery system, the Spectrum IQ infusion system in SAS, plus IV Solutions parenteral nutrition therapies and injectable drugs used in the ICU and across the hospital.
Joe Almeida: Good morning, Vijay. The oXiris has a special filter. We make them in Europe, and it has a heparin coding to it, which makes it ideal for the situation where we're seeing now. We don't have enough data on the COVID or the coronavirus impact on the filter just in the very beginning, the use in the US. It seems to us that it's lasting longer than our current filter because it prevents the coagulation. It usually clogs the CRRT filters a little faster. So we are working with the FDA, and we work internally and with our partners in the industry to collect the data, to do investigational work, so we can propose keeping the product on the market once the crisis subsides and the agency feels that the product may not be of need anymore. So we will do everything we can to register the product in the US with the FDA. It is a product that we've seen outside the US really good results. So we hope that we can prove the point that this is a great therapy for sepsis treatment because the type of filter because the coding. We also -- going to the AAKHI drive. It proves the point that home therapist is ideally position for a crisis where there's so much transmission of virus by a realization and close contact. So I think AAKHI -- no, I cannot comment where the rule is at the moment, but we think that, that is the right move by the government, and we think it's going to end up going through. It's just a matter of time. But that has not stopped Baxter from its investments. We continue to invest. As a matter of fact, yesterday I just had a meeting on a phase two investment for this purpose. Remember that our growth in home therapies is going up. Now, we are -- in the U.S. alone, PD home therapies was about 13%. Now, APD home therapies in the U.S. was about 13% growth. So because that kind of growth, you need to have this kind of investments. So we're optimistic about. So, even if the rule doesn't come as fast as we wish it had come, work with our partners, VIDA and other partners in the U.S. We are advancing the home therapies. And rest assured, we're going to continue to make the investments.
Joe Almeida: Bob, good morning. And we are – if you all remember, about two years ago, we had the Hurricane Maria that taught us quite a bit of a lesson, and we had modified our supply chain to a point that our fluids today don't have any constraint with the exception of our MINI-BAG Plus, but we made arrangements for extra shifts, and we're putting out record amount. And so we predict that most of our fluids, with few exceptions, would be all flow – protective allocation in the next few weeks. The part – the area of our business that really has a capacity constrained based on the type of virus we have today is CRRT. CRRT is made in a couple of different places in the world between the machines and the filters and sets and fluids as well. That's the one that we are capacity constrained. We advised our partners and government agencies of that issue. We are seeing demand that is multiple times what we can produce. And we're working very diligently with our customers to serve our patients best. For the future, that will be an area because the type of therapy and adoption of the therapy that is probably going – is going to grow. We're going to work in diversification of manufacturing sites and put more locations for fluids across the globe. But that is the one that comes to mind at the moment. Also some of our drugs that are being used as a backup, for instance, for propofol. We don't make propofol in the U.S. We make propofol for other parts of the world. But dexmed is used as a backup drug for sedation. And what we're finding is that we are outstripping our capacity and have outstripped our capacity. So we're going to also be making more investments in our Galaxy technology as we move forward.
Joe Almeida: Robbie, good morning. We have taken an action with our sales force, for instance, in Advanced Surgery, teaching them skills -- technical skills on other product lines that we have, having them call on surgeons, on catheter insertion. We're making sure that they are occupied. We're having global webinars that they're being conducted by the team. There's a significant amount of activity. And we find that we have a tremendous, tremendous sales force, and we're going to keep them engaged. We have -- as you can see, we have employees in the frontline. Not only the sales force, we have a service group that services all these machines across the globe, and they are every day in hospitals across the globe servicing them. We're treating them as well as our folks in manufacturing and the global supply chain. We gave them an incremental incentive to recognize their effort in such a difficult time. We also have our plans, for the most part, operating 24/7, almost all of our 50 plans with very few exceptions. So we're making sure that we're having their safety first in mind. It's our number one priority is employee safety. And the second priority is with them being safe, they can make product for our patients. So we're now in uncharted waters here, but I think having our employee's well-being first in mind has been from the get-go, what has taken us to the point that we are today. And they all have in their minds, the mission of saving sustaining lives is what drives us. So we're very, very, very grateful to all the 50,000 folks who work for Baxter who are in this battle with us.
Joe Almeida: David, good morning. We think that you have a bolus of demand that is really difficult to discern between what is just we and our -- and we know the competitive accounts that were going forward, the competitive accounts we think we're going to win. And now we have this bolus of demand coming in with more need for pumps as the patients are requiring a multitude of pumps, more pumps that they would otherwise in situations in the ICU. So, we're trying to kind of separate them and understand. We ramped up our production of Sigma Spectrum in the U.S. tremendously. We put extra shifts, more people. We are procuring raw materials. We're expediting raw materials. We're paying sometimes premium to get raw materials faster. And so we're producing as much as we can. Coincidentally, this week, we just got approval in Canada for our new pump platform, the NOVUM IQ. We also have our international platform for Evo IQ being approved in a multitude of countries and a lot of orders in Australia, and we are getting approvals in Brazil, and we have approval in Colombia. So, we're starting to see that -- and also in the U.K. with NHS. So, we're seeing a lot of movement on the front business of Baxter. We have -- as you know, we have filed for 510(k) for our NOVUM IQ platform in the U.S. We also file for EUA here because we think we can make -- we can bring more pumps beginning in July NOVUM IQ to supplement the demand for our current Evo IQ. So, we're doing everything we can. In terms of competitiveness, it's tough to see the moment how things are going. People are so focused, David, in the current situation. Nobody is thinking about something two months from today. I think the hospitals are stripped for resources and it would not have a conversion at this moment in time. What you have is demand that has spiked up quite a bit, but our folks are really planning for the future. I think our pump platform is shaping up to be a great platform. And then the addition of some monitoring capabilities will make us strong as you can -- if you -- you heard this morning and you read this morning, we had made a couple of investments in algorithm technology and artificial intelligence technology.
Joe Almeida: Sure. So, David, what you also will see is stockpiling. From this point on when the demand surge is up a little bit, I think hospitals, I don't know if they will have the capacity to stockpile significant volumes of products. There will some probably, but I think you're going to see governments thinking differently about how they face a calamity, such as this virus. So I think it's teaching a lot of lessons to the whole to the whole supply chain, government, private. A lot of PPPs, public-private partnerships, you're going to see happening in terms of preparedness. So we'll see a lot of that probably in the third and fourth quarter as this is off through the summer and how entities across this spectrum will react.
Joe Almeida: Larry, we're seeing the -- some normalcy coming back into Asia. But I want to give you some color on Baxter's business being slightly different in China, primarily in parts of Asia than it is in Europe and Americas. We are a heavy PD peritoneal dialysis companies in China, so that's a chronic disease. We saw a stockpiling going on in the first quarter there and then being consumed, but that business is consistent and constant. We're starting to see some hospitals in China going back to normal in terms of surgery, not 100%, but we probably will see through the second quarter, the return to normalcy for great deal of businesses in Asia, with perhaps an exception to Japan. I think Japan still has not figured out. They're locked down. And I think that is going to be a little slower than the rest of Asia. Australia is already thinking about a possible second wave and then working on preparedness for that as far as we can see. So that is the reason why Asia was strong for us in the first quarter. But we see the normalcy coming in, but don't forget our business in Asia, primarily in China is mostly home care peritoneal dialysis chronic business.
Joe Almeida: Well, it's around $5 million, okay? Around $5 million, the answer on the Revaclear. What we're finding is, our plants producing Revaclear are producing the record level right now, both one in the U.S. and one in Germany. And as we prepare towards the end of the year to convert some of our production lines into THERANOVA, okay? So as a THERANOVA application, the Novum is going through the FDA, and we have -- we're preparing for the launch. We're going to start converting our production lines, and we need to start doing that in Germany. So you're going to see that swap. That was about $5 million.
Joe Almeida: Anyhow, good point. We don't see the long-term impact on the AAKHI. You see a pause because I think the administration is quite busy right now with other matters. But speaking to an official the other day that is still front and center for the White House. They want to move forward with this. And I think will be just a matter of time. We have done a significant amount of simulations in Monte Carlos and all kinds of work in understanding capacity demand. And we're ready in July to speak to our Board again on a Phase 2. Phase 1 is already being put in place, okay? So, capacity is being augmented. We're going to start seeing more capacity coming in next year. But then the thing is projecting two or three years down the road, we're going to need to make that investment. So that investment is already planned. We know where it's going to be made for the most part. We have some decisions to make, but we're down that path. So, what you see with this unfortunate COVID-19, it is a slowdown in decision-making, which we think is just a matter of time.
Joe Almeida: Thank you all for coming -- to calling in today and listening to our earnings call. We, at Baxter, are very proud of what we're doing today, and we have done everything we can to attend to patients across the globe. We wish you all to be safe and well. And hopefully, we can return to normalcy for our next earnings call. So, to all of you, thank you very much, and have a good rest of your week.
Jay Saccaro: Thanks, Joe, and good morning, everyone. As Joe mentioned, our first quarter performance reflects the value of our medically essential portfolio in the current environment as well as our commitment to meeting the needs of patients and providers globally. Our ongoing business transformation efforts, effective commercial execution and improved balance sheet flexibility position us to more effectively respond to the COVID-19 pandemic with speed and agility. Turning to our first quarter 2020 results, global sales of $2.8 billion increased 6% on a reported basis and 8% on both a constant currency and operational basis, reflecting the underlying strength of our business, coupled with increasing demand for select products resulting from the pandemic. This heightened demand notably accelerated during the last two weeks of the quarter. We estimate that the COVID-19 related demand contributed approximately $45 million to sales in the quarter.
Jay Saccaro: Yeah. And Bob, I should caveat my commentary around our forecast before we get into -- before we talk specifically about Q2. We didn't give guidance for a real reason, which is, there is a very significant level of volatility that we're seeing with respect to the COVID virus and its impact on our business and demand generally. And in Q1, think about it. We gave guidance with only a few weeks left in the quarter, and we significantly beat the guidance on the top line, which is not a normal situation for Baxter, given the steady and durable nature of our portfolio. So I have to comment and just say, look, this is unprecedented environment that we're operating in. And the other thing I will say is, we talk about our expectations. We have one forecast, but our planning team, led by David Roman, has developed, I believe, six different financial scenarios that could emerge that we need to be prepared for, three lower cases and three shop or two shop cases. So we really are looking at a broad spectrum of things that could occur. And in light of that, that's why we suspended guidance. As it relates to Q2, yes, we believe that there was some incremental benefit in Q1. But then, secondly, Advanced Surgery will have a meaningful decline in the second quarter. In large part because of postponing elective surgeries, as we've all discussed in med tech, that's a real factor. It did not impact us in Q1, but it will certainly impact us in Q2. And I think that's probably the most volatile item. And as we think about elements like recovery and how that's going to occur, we're watching how elective surgeries will resume. But clearly, in April and May, that's a significant headwind that we're facing.
Jay Saccaro: Sure. Look, April is in line with some of our expectations. We predicted that some of the largest impact with respect to the COVID virus will occur in April and May and then start to see some rebound in June and then Q3 and then better in Q4, as I described earlier. That is -- and I want to make sure, Robbie, that you walk away, that is simply one scenario that we're looking at. We are expecting the biggest declines to occur in Advanced Surgery in these months of April and May. And I would say, generally speaking, that's proceeding in line with the expectations, our base case expectations that we've laid out. And so, nothing wild in terms of incremental commentary I can share with you. Other than to say, Advanced Surgery is an important one. We'll want to see that start to rebound. But so far, April was as expected, with so many hospitals really closed to elective procedures, that impact came in, in line with expectations.
Jay Saccaro: Sure. So, Q2 -- let's put it this way. Q1, the $45 million, there was certainly some pre-buy in that number in the sense that hospitals were anticipating a COVID crisis coming to the U.S. And so we did see some advanced purchases in bias of critical solutions and supplies. Now as we -- how much of that has been consumed, we believe the vast majority has been consumed. And we will see continued sales attendant with the crisis that's ongoing in a large component of our portfolio. But we have about 15% of our sales between our advanced surgery business, along with a few other areas like some of our inhaled anesthetics, which are very much dependent on elective procedures taking place in hospitals. And to the extent that those procedures are delayed or curtailed, we will see a negative impact. We expect the biggest, most prominent impact to occur in the second quarter. But again, how does the second wave evolve? How does -- how long is wave one? How severe? How do hospitals react? There are so many variables that are input into our demand signals and so many scenarios that we've developed. That's why we've kind of put guidance on the side for the time being. We'll watch to see how things evolve this year. We'll try to understand better what is the potential wave two and a wave two impact. And how does that materialize? And at that point, I think we'll be in a better position to comment on financial performance. And in particular, financial performance in some of these most impacted segments. Joe mentioned something, which was quite a good point, which is stockpiling that might occur at a national level for various countries looking to shore up supply of life-saving and sustaining products. We will watch that very carefully and look to support them to the extent that we can. So, with that, maybe I'll turn it over to Joe for some closing comments.
