Robert L. Parkinson: Okay, David, this is Bob Parkinson. So on cyclophosphamide, just to maybe frame this for everybody, this is a product that has grown significantly. It's approaching an annualized sales rate of about $400 million by the end of this year and, as you might expect, a very high contribution margin. So the issue, obviously, is the prospects of generic competition and, candidly, as we sit here today, it's a question of if we get competition, if so, when, and if so, how many. And those are questions that we don't have specific answers to at this stage. I think it's reasonable to expect that there will be competition to this product, in all likelihood, in early 2014. So in terms of -- and I don't want to get into too much detail in terms of potential impact for next year, like I say, it's a function of if and if so, when and how many competitors. And if there's multiple competitors, as you all know, it's a very different scenario than if there's one, so we just have to see how that goes. But to kind of frame this maybe for everyone, and I know various analysts have taken a stab at quantifying this, we would estimate that if we have, let's say, 2 competitors in the market by midyear 2014, the bottom line impact could be anywhere from $150 million to $200 million. So potentially, it's a very -- that's a very big hit. But again, it's a function of those questions that I raised in terms of if, how many and timing. So on the Suprane one, that's a -- it's a little different issue, and I think even more speculative, it's likely there'll be generic competition in Suprane sometime in 2014. Not likely that there'll be multiple generic competitors, so it's a different scenario in that regard. It's also kind of a longer-term thing, I think, in terms of competitive progress in the accounts because of the issue with the vaporizers and the fact, as you know, we still have the full spectrum of inhalation agents that, in many markets, are on contract with hospitals, where we own the vaporizers that are installed and so on. And so, it's a very different set of dynamics. So the impact of generic Suprane next year, obviously, very, very modest compared to the numbers that I threw out on cyclophosphamide but not insignificant. I don't know that we quantified that or, at this stage, we even want to.
Robert L. Parkinson: Okay, David, I'm going to turn it over -- Ludwig Hantson, as Mary Kay mentioned at the outset, is with us, and he's obviously closer to this. So, Ludwig, I guess, 2 pieces, which is impact in the market of our expanded label in the product and, clearly, we continue to have good momentum with the brand. And then secondarily, as we anticipate generic competition next year, a number that mentions supply [ph]. So I'll turn it over to you.
Robert L. Parkinson: I don't want to get into the specific numbers, David, at this point. And obviously, we don't redo our LRP every quarter or every 6 months. We do it annually. I would give maybe just some comments so to help maybe frame our outlook in response to your question. Obviously, franchises like hemophilia and renal, particularly in view of the recent Gambro acquisition, we do continue to focus on the 5-year outlook on kind of an ongoing basis. And just to reiterate Ludwig's point on the hemophilia franchise, 1 year on from our investor conference last year, our long-term outlook for our hemophilia franchise, broadly defined, is very comparable to what we shared with you last year, both in terms of size and rate of growth, as Ludwig commented. I mean, obviously, the -- there's downward pressure as a result of competition, which we anticipated in our rollout last year with -- which we shared with you. There'll continue to be pricing pressure on very expensive therapies. But on the other hand, this still is a largely underdeveloped market globally. We have an emerging pipeline that we're very excited about. The public-private partnership with Hemobras in Brazil, we're hopeful, is not the last one of that nature that we do. So we think the positives are greater than the negatives, which is why we continue to be positive and optimistic about the long-term growth of this franchise. As it relates to the Renal franchise, likewise there. I mean, this is something we'll discuss with you quarterly in terms of Gambro now that we've closed the deal and we're integrating it both in terms of revenue growth and performance synergies. But the base Renal business outside of Gambro, specifically PD, has exhibited the most robust growth this year than it has in years. So our long-term outlook for the Renal business, both the base business and Gambro, and of course, last year when we had the investor conference, we had not closed the Gambro deal, but the base case renal outlook for the next 5 years also continues to be very positive. So as it relates to the rest of the businesses, without getting into too much detail, I think there are some things that have changed both negatively and positively from a year ago. I think admittedly, austerity measures around the world that affect pricing are more pronounced across all of our businesses than we would have anticipated a year ago. I mean, this year, we've continued to experience negative impact of FX headwinds, particularly in emerging developing markets. I don't have a crystal ball. I don't know how that's going to change over the next 5 years, but that's been a significant headwind this year. And I also think, generally, there's been lower growth in acute care hospital settings, certainly in developed markets, and we've all seen the impact of that right here at home in the U.S. So those are some of what I'll call the downward drivers, if you will, from our outlook of our long-term business a year ago. On the other hand, we know pension expense, which has been a drag, is starting to work in our favor. How much and for how long, I think also, like exchange rates, is difficult to speculate on, but that should be a positive versus our outlook last year. Also I think in terms of business development, there continue to be many additional opportunities. Just activities during the last year that were consummated subsequent to our investor conference, obviously, most notably, Gambro, but in licensing deals like rigosertib, which we're excited about, the recent collaboration with etanercept to continue to build on our biosimilar portfolio, these were all things that were contemplated in the last year's LRP. And we fully anticipate that the momentum we've built in business development is going to continue. So that represents a significant upside from the base case LRP that we shared with you last year. Another driver that's a positive, I think, is the opportunity to favorably impact our tax rate going forward as a result of the -- how we structured the Gambro acquisition. So that's just a few highlights, both downward pressure and upward pressure, but in terms of 2 core and critical franchises, hemophilia and our renal franchise, not any fundamental change as we look out over the next number of years from what we messaged to you last year. I'll stop there. It's easy to get into a lot of detail, but hopefully, that provides just a little bit of color, David.
Robert L. Parkinson: All right. Well, maybe all of us could comment on pieces of that. Larry, this is Bob Parkinson. So first of all, we're very pleased with how the collaboration with Hemobras in Brazil is evolving. As you might guess, any time you have arrangements like this with governments, they can be a little untidy, and they all take their own shape and form, but we've navigated through a lot of that and continue to be very -- so the long-term outlook of $200 million continues to be a very realistic opportunity, but to say it's going to be greater than that, I'm not prepared to do that at this point, and we'll evolve to that over time. But just to date, I think about 10% of all the patients being treated in Brazil have moved from plasma-derived Factor VIII to our recombinant product, so I think that's an interesting metric or indicating the pace, and we anticipate that that's going to continue to move very quickly. I do think that -- and one of the reasons I called this out at the investor conference last year as 1 of our 4 growth vectors, public-private partnerships, we continue to be very enthusiastic about this. There's no doubt that as a result of this collaboration with Hemobras in Brazil, we've developed a broader -- and, I think, a relationship built on trust and so on with the Health Ministry and the broader government in Brazil, which we believe can lead to other opportunities over time. And certainly, with the -- even with Hemobras on the hemophilia collaboration, that's just on one product. That's really on recombinant Factor VIII. So as we continue to grow our hemophilia pipeline, we certainly would anticipate that we would build on that platform. The last thing I would say is that we continue to have discussions with other governments around the world that can represent meaningful opportunities in this kind of fashion, which is why we called it out as a specific platform or vector of our growth outlook. So I don't know, I've covered a lot there. Ludwig, please go ahead, yes.
Robert L. Parkinson: Well, let me make some high-level comments, and then, Ludwig, maybe you can pick up specifically on the share loss thing. As I said before, we fully contemplated competitive launches when we stood up before you last fall, so no surprises. And despite recent surveys that have been done and so on, there's actually no new facts in the marketplace that have emerged in the last 6 to 9 months, either about competitive products, our own or otherwise. What there have been is perspective study that have been shared and so on. So I'm not going to get into dueling surveys and things like that, but we fully contemplate that we will lose market share to competitive entries, as we shared with you last year. But the longer-term view of this critical franchise for our company is driven by some of these higher-level dynamics that I mentioned before in terms of the underdeveloped global market. Ludwig just took you all through the tremendous opportunity that exists in Brazil, and Brazil's not unique, not to mention our own emerging pipeline with our own longer-acting product, the factor, the RIXUBIS that just got approved and is being launched, the development of our recombinant von Willebrand, our Factor VII, and so on. So that's the basis of our position relative to the long-term outlook. Now -- of this critical franchise. Now, the short-term impact of launches, surveys, our view and so on, like I say, no new facts, a; b, nobody knows, and that doesn't mean that we haven't been busy over the last 12 months, and we're going to continue to be very busy over the next approximately 6 months before the competitive launch. And so we'll see what happens, but obviously, we're very familiar with this franchise, we're very close to the treaters, the patients. And to do a survey, you ask one question that almost assumes that you have a homogenous market. It is a complex market with the composition of very different patient types, and so to answer a question in a survey and then conclude that it applies broadly, I think, can be a little bit misleading. But I'll stop there. Ludwig, if you want to add...
Robert L. Parkinson: A little early. We just launched in Germany and a couple of the Northern markets, so it's a little early, I think, to -- it's actually too early to comment on that. I think that's -- we'll update you the next time we get together on the call, we'll have a better frame of reference on that, Derrick, frankly.
Robert J. Hombach: No, we haven't quantified, other than to say that it's $300 million in sales globally, about $200 million in the U.S. on a run rate basis. But again, I think the trajectory, as you pointed out, is going to be quite different...
Robert J. Hombach: But fair to say, increasingly, we're more comfortable with our inventory levels. As you know, we experienced backorders periodically throughout the course of 2013. And as we look forward to the prospect, as Ludwig alluded to, of a second half 2014 U.S. HyQ launch, again, we're going to be thoughtful about what markets we look to reenter as we move forward here and continue with the controlled launch in Europe for HyQ as well, as we have reimbursement in one country and are looking to nail down reimbursements in several other countries before the end of this year.
Robert J. Hombach: And yes, as it relates to albumin, David, so as you may be aware, all biologic products exported to China have to have the license renewed every 5 years, and it just so happens that 2 of Baxter's products in the albumin space have renewals coming due here in the fourth quarter. Given the significant growth in demand in China and some other things going on, the regulatory requirements and approval processes have evolved, and those have resulted in the potential for delays in renewal of our licenses. And so we're continuing to work with the Chinese authorities, and we do expect to get the licenses approved or I should say renewed by the end of this year. However, likely -- highly likely that's going to impact the timing of some shipments, and so we reflected that timing delay in our guidance here for the fourth quarter.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes, as it relates to dilution, no change in our outlook, but let me just kind of reframe how we position this and then talk a little bit about some of the variables that may be additive or further dilution here related to our outlook. So we previously said for 2014 that, including amortization expense, that we would be neutral to modestly accretive in 2014. And assuming about $0.20 of amortization, if we were to back out the amortization, it would be $0.20 to $0.25 accretive. And so as we look forward here and as we approach guidance in January, some of the variables we're going to be looking at that could again impact that outlook, one is we closed the transaction a little later than we expected, as we had hoped to -- originally in the middle of the year to close the transaction, and then it ended up being a bit later due to the regulatory process. So the timing of synergy achievement in the very near term will be a little bit challenged. I don't think anything significant, but it will be a little bit challenged. On the plus side, I think whether it's the financing costs coming in a bit lower than we expected and some of the opportunities that we may have on the tax front that we've talked about, those are opportunities, I think, to potentially offset any leakage we might have from a timing perspective and maybe do a little bit better. But there are a number of variables, particularly on the tax front, that we still need to work through now that we actually own the company and look at some of the tax attributes about -- around loss carryforwards and deductibility of interest in certain markets and so on, but we do think there's opportunity there but not ready to quantify that at the moment. And so -- but I guess the last thing I would mention because this has come up a number of times, as we think about intangible amortization related both to our existing business, as well as now the significant increase we're likely to see with Gambro, as we've mentioned, this is something we've been thinking about, and I think the appropriate time to implement that would be in January, when we provide guidance for 2014. But given the significant impact that that's going to have, and just to reframe that for everyone, today, within our core business, we incur about $100 million a year in intangible amortization related to prior business development activities, which equates to about $0.15 a share. As I just mentioned, we assume that Gambro could be approximately $0.20 of incremental intangible amortization. And so at $0.30 to $0.35 of impact on an annual basis, that actually has about 150-basis-point impact on our gross margin as a non-cash item. And so I would characterize it as very likely that we will move towards excluding intangible amortization from our adjusted earnings projections, but we'll -- given the time frame that it's going to take us several months here to get to a reasonably final number about what the Gambro intangible amortization is actually going to be, because that is done through an independent third-party valuation that's ongoing as we speak, we'll be in a better position in January, I think, to fully quantify it for everyone and make the final call here about making the change on reporting going forward.
Robert J. Hombach: We haven't specifically addressed that, Larry, but, again, I would say that we have modest assumptions around prophylaxis, which, by the way, is not only our objective but a stated objective of the Minister of Health in Brazil to expand prophylaxis. So -- but we haven't quoted a specific IU per capita, but it is relatively low, and there is tremendous opportunity to enhance that and improve outcomes for patients.
Robert J. Hombach: So, Bob, the -- we gave a 5-year outlook and said it would have a competitive interest and have accumulatively a 100-basis-point impact on our CAGR, which, if you do the math, gets up to about $700 million of run rate impact by 2017. I wouldn't conclude -- and we did say that about 2/3 of that related to Factor VIII competition, but I wouldn't assume that that's ratable over that time frame because the launches happen in different markets at different times. As Ludwig alluded to, the competition will start first in the U.S. We just got news yesterday that one of the competitors we thought was going to be in the U.S. next year isn't going to be in the U.S. next year. And so there's a number of variables here that are going to affect the timing of that. And so, I think in aggregate, you're in the ballpark, but the ratability is going to be a factor of a whole lot of things including, again, when geographic approvals are achieved by competitors in different markets around the world because, as you know, a little bit less than half our sales overall are in the U.S., which means a whole -- quite a bit of it is outside the U.S.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes, I'll jump to the infusion pumps first. No update. We'll continue to look to file by the end of this year and hope to be back in the market in 2014 with our spectrum pump again. This is a 510(k) update, and so, again, hope to -- expect to be back in the market, but no change in time frame there. As it relates to the rest of Fluid Systems, clearly, the key driver here, from a growth perspective, was the cyclophosphamide. And from a sequential standpoint, second quarter to third quarter, some timing and price driving that. Other than that, we continue to see strong demand for IVs, particularly in the U.S. and given some of the other issues that are prevailing in the marketplace, but nothing else, I think, notable within the Fluid Systems segment here going forward.
Robert J. Hombach: Well, again, I think the competitive environment, there's some issues that one of our competitors had has provided us some opportunity there. So I don't think it's a market comment, it's more of a share comment.
Robert J. Hombach: So a couple of things, and then, Ludwig, if you want to jump in as well. Our long-term view has not changed, and the 6% to 8% primarily relates to immunoglobulins, from a unit perspective. And really, that, going back 15 years, is a pretty consistent trend we've seen. And in fact, the last several years, it's accelerated for some of the reasons we've previously talked about, including more utilization in the neurological space, where twice as much product is used on a per-patient basis, as well as the growth in SubQ treatments, which, again, use more product, at least the existing ones, on a per-patient basis. Of course, that's one of the benefits we think HyQ will bring to the marketplace. But in any case, demand has been robust, particularly in the U.S. And outside the U.S., we continue to see under-penetrated and under-developed markets that have great opportunities over the long term. So as we continue to expand indications and find additional uses for the product and have the geographic expansion opportunities in front of us, that's really the main source of the 6% to 8%. But, Ludwig, if you want to add anything there specific, but, again, and I think for us, we're confident we're going to be able to support, as Ludwig alluded to, the 6% to 8% unit volume here in the coming years, given the expansions we've already done and with the prospect of a HyQ launch in the U.S. in the back half of next year, again, just further adds to our confidence in the ongoing demand for this product.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes, I'd say your characterization is right, though. We're being very thoughtful about how we launch this. It is a change in treatment regimen, and making sure patients and treaters are well educated, and it gets off to a very good start. We started in Germany, and we expect to get reimbursement in several other countries here in the coming months.
Ludwig N. Hantson: Thanks for the question. So the launch of the prophy indication is going well. It's still ongoing. So since the beginning of 2012, we switched the 400 patients to ADVATE prophy, and we've been doing this in different waves. The first wave was the most important one, focusing on efficacy. We're striving for a bleed-free world. We do believe that that's key in the treatment of hemophilia. The second wave, which we started like 8 months later, was focusing on the 3-day PK dosing method and the launch of the 4,000 vial. And now we're working on the third wave, which should reinforce the second wave. The plan is to submit an ADVATE PK device before the year ends, and the device should enable the physician to personalize the dosing towards the factor -- the target factor level on the basis of 2 blood samples. So this should help us to further reinforce the PK dosing piece. With respect to what we're doing, so -- and let me bring the discussion up maybe 1 level. So last year, during the investors conference, we talked about guidance of 3% to 4% sales CAGR for the next 5 years. That has not changed. So we believe in ADVATE, we believe in our team, and we believe that achieving a bleed-free world is key. And with respect to what we've done, the U.S. team is getting ready for the challenge. This team has turned a declining market share into a share growth and has put the bleed-free world concept on the map. So I feel pretty confident about our LRP and our guidance that we gave for the next 5 years for the franchise.
Ludwig N. Hantson: So we're still on schedule to submit our file before the end of the year, David. We've not gotten any additional questions from the FDA. We expect that the regulatory path forward is well defined, and we expect a potential 6-months review. So that means that we are getting ready for a potential launch of HyQ in the U.S. second half of next year.
Ludwig N. Hantson: So I'll start with the IG piece, and as I mentioned before during the earnings call, 2013 is a transition year for IG franchise, and we are now in the position to support 6% to 8% demand growth for our IG business, and this is a result of recent capacity upgrades and expansions, which we will complete in the second quarter. As you have seen in the numbers, we do see strong demand growth in volume in the U.S., so we do see an uptick there, and we were going to continue to build it in the U.S. So that's how we're looking at this. International sales are lower than last year as a result of our strategy to exit select markets outside of the U.S. given our prior supply constraints. This is something that we will have to work on in the next quarters to get the international market back up to the levels similar to the U.S.
Ludwig N. Hantson: Yes, so I just want to add something on the market itself to put things into perspective. So there are about 9,000 hemophilia A patients in Brazil. The diagnosis rate is 70%, and there's no prophy use, so one of the objectives for us is to move from plasma to recombinant, but in addition to that, to move patients from on-demand to prophy. And when you look at the IU per capita, it's about 2, which is about half of Russia and U.K. is around 8. I don't want to commit to a number higher than the $200 million that was quoted, but clearly, if we do our market development right and we work with the treating physicians, there's a lot of work that needs to be done. And as we do with all of our hemophilia products, we're going to strive for a bleed-free world, and Brazil is a long way from a bleed-free world.
Ludwig N. Hantson: So, yes, let me take a step back so that everybody is clear. So 855 is an extended half-life ADVATE. So it's a molecule that's proven, and it's the gold standard in hemophilia A. So our recruit -- with your respect to your question, our recruitment is on schedule, and we still plan to file before the end of 2014. So no -- and so far, no inhibitors have been reported, so we're still gearing up for a 2015 potential launch.
Ludwig N. Hantson: Yes, so the numbers that you quoted are correct, so that's what I mentioned. So I think the preference of the ADVATE prophy patients are 3 days or longer, and we have seen this both in the U.S. as well as in Europe. It comes down to what I said before, it's going to be on an individual basis. So if those patients are well controlled, if those patients have 0 bleeds, then they will be people who are going to ask themselves the question, am I going to switch to something that potentially, since there's no registration yet, could have a longer dosing regimen? So I think it's going to happen on an individual basis. And then maybe come back to the question that was asked on what about the on-demand patients? You'll see that a lot of the on-demand patients for hemophilia B, for instance, 90% of those on-demand patients are mild to moderate. And we can ask ourselves the question are those patients going to be the ones that are going to think about a longer-acting product for hemophilia A? This is about half of the patients. So it's a -- again, it's going to happen on a patient-by-patient basis. But I think as ADVATE is proven, since we have 10 years clinical experience, it has shown strong prophy data. And as we said, we strive for a bleed-free world. We believe that 0 bleeds is the way to go, and that should be the focus of treatment.
Ludwig N. Hantson: Yes, so the -- yes, we do have dialogues with the FDA on 855, as you can imagine. With respect to the PEGylation technology, this is nothing new. This is more than 3 decades old. So in more than 10 products with the similar technology have been approved. And when you look at the PEG concentration in 855, it is significantly lower than some approved products, products that are indicated for chronic therapy. So we feel comfortable that the work that we're doing should satisfy the regulatory bodies. Of course, as part of our market developments, we will ensure that the hemophilia community is familiar with the PEGylation technology, and that's clearly a work in progress for us.
