Mary Kay Ladone: Thanks, Sean. Good morning, and welcome to our Q4 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me today are Bob Parkinson, CEO and Chairman of Baxter International; Bob Hombach, Chief Financial Officer; and Dr. Norbert Riedel, Chief Science and Innovation Officer. Before we get started, let me remind you that this presentation including comments regarding our financial outlook, new product developments and regulatory matters contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, and of course, our actual results could differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filings for more details concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. In addition, in today's call, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Baxter's ongoing business performance. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures being discussed today to the comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings release issued this morning and available on our website. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Bob Parkinson.
Mary Kay Ladone: And, Mike, I'd also add that Octapharma, in terms of our guidance, we've actually eliminated the $100 million of benefit we received in 2011 so that the guidance of low-single digits, if you excluded that $100 million benefit, would be in high-single digits, which is faster than the market growth.
Mary Kay Ladone: David, I would just add that what we included in our 2012 guidance was what we had discussed throughout the fourth quarter of about $30 million to $40 million related to austerity measures. That's pretty balanced between both BioScience and Medical Products. I'd just highlight that the majority of the impact is really coming from vaccines within the BioScience business and within Med Products. It's really between IV therapy, where our nutrition products are being impacted, and then some impact in renal.
Mary Kay Ladone: Although I would mention, David, that tenders tend to be volatile, and we can see shifts from quarter-to-quarter, so just to highlight that.
Mary Kay Ladone: Yes, Rick, I'd add that I think Bob mentioned earlier, our Q1 gross margin is expected really to be flat to 2011 Q1. And Q2 generally, we do see a higher margin, really due to the mix of our sales, which is benefited by the FSME vaccine, which is very high margin. So typically, Q2 is our highest gross margin quarter of the year, and then, in Q3 and Q4, it moderates a little bit.
Robert L. Parkinson: Thanks, Bob. As I mentioned earlier, I'm quite pleased with our 2011 financial and operational accomplishments. We achieved organic sales growth of 5%, and earnings per diluted share increased 8% on an adjusted basis. We generated strong sustainable cash flow of more than $2.8 billion and returned significant value to our shareholders. We meaningfully advanced our new product pipeline that's as strong today as it any time in our history. We accelerated the pace of business development initiatives that complement our current businesses, leverage our capabilities and provide enhanced growth in the future. And culturally, we continue to respond to an evolving and demanding environment, with new strategies aimed at enhancing our commercial, operational and scientific effectiveness, while continuing to focus on maximizing growth opportunities across the portfolio and managing costs throughout the company. As a result, throughout 2011 we strengthened our foundation, and we remain very confident in the long-term growth prospects for our company. We plan to expand upon this later this year when we host an Investor Conference in Chicago. Additional details will be made available from Mary Kay to all of you in the coming weeks. So with that, thank you, and let's now open up the call to Q&A.
Robert L. Parkinson: Yes, this is Bob Parkinson, Mike. Let me kind of kick this off, and then Bob and Mary Kay can augment my comments. As you know, we continue to see very steady long-term growth and demand for plasma-based therapies, including IG. And our estimates are that market demand continues to grow and certainly, this strong mid single-digit range over time. We continue to make very good progress in transitioning manufacturing to new L.A. frac. I think last year, we had the majority of our production now move to new L.A. frac. But obviously, given our strong pipeline of new products, our current plans include utilizing capacity. As we discussed before, the old L.A. facility, at least for some number of years, saw. So as a result of that, we need to shut down old L.A. to make the necessary investments to upgrade the facility, so we can keep it in play over the longer term. And we plan on doing that really in the beginning of the second half, Mike, of 2012. We haven't defined a specific date. That will be early in the second half. In the meantime, we've been able to adjust the scale of our operations successfully within the existing global manufacturing footprint between new L.A.; Vienna; Rieti, Italy, and through yield improvements and flexibility in the global network. We've been able to respond appropriately to demand. Now beyond keeping old L.A. frac in commission as we've discussed before, given expansion of IG indications, the continued strong growth of plasma proteins over time, we have initiated a greenfield development process for a new site. We haven't arrived at a final decision in terms of sites. Allegedly expect to do that shortly, and certainly would be in our position in our Investor Conference this fall to share more specifics in terms of the overall capacity demand for plasma proteins, the role that the new facility, the greenfield site, will play in that over time. So that kind of covers kind of the overall situation. But specifically, early second half of the year, we'll take old L.A. out of production to make the necessary upgrade.
Robert L. Parkinson: Yes. I mean, so the negative impact of the austerity measures, first of all, is just kind of what I call general softness, David, and underlying demand. But these are the kind of things we see globally. So surgical procedures and things of that nature are somewhat softer than what's been reflected historically. So now we'd run across virtually all our businesses, certainly even our IV business and so on and so forth. But the other pressure that's probably more pronounced and is more associated with our BioScience business would be pricing pressures with governments who clearly are under the gun to implement austerity measures. And given healthcare spend and well-large item that represents on national budgets and so on, we continue to see governments virtually unilaterally implementing various pricing actions, and that impact is more pronounced in things like, say, biosurgery where people are making trade-off decisions in terms of clinical options that they have but also, most of our BioScience products, which are more expensive. So as an example, countries like France implement actions in terms of taking prices down. It's a haircut, David. So it's not as pronounced as what you would see with some of the tender actions, I would say, on hemophilia because encouragingly, we haven't seen the expansion beyond the Anglo markets of the tender activity for hemophilia. But -- so we think we've captured in our guidance for next year those known pricing actions that will be taken on a country-by-country basis. We also think we've reflected kind of the underlying softness of demand. But I think we have to be cognizant of the fact that given the extreme austerity measures and pressures that exist that unlike the U.S. governments in Europe, most notably, really have a history of implementing unilateral actions for which there's not a lot of control. We think we've captured it, but like I say, given the environment, I think, we have to be cognizant that there could be more there. And by the way, this is an ongoing thing. I mean, this is -- it's why I talk about dealing with the new environment in our company, in our culture and so on. This isn't something that's going to pass through this year in  -- or through the end of 2012. It's going to be with us.
Robert L. Parkinson: David, the one thing I would add to the China situation, there's been local action by the Chinese government to further scale back some of their local plasma collection operations in the country. So this importation of albumin in China would appear to be something that is going to be sustainable for the near future, certainly over the next few years, I think, given some of the local issues they manage through.
Robert L. Parkinson: It will be some of the each. Over time, it will be -- it should translate into both share gains, but I would say also at a price premium. And as Bob pointed out, hopefully when we get approval between then and at the end of the year, we're going to have a very controlled launch, understand what the receptivity of product is, which then will titrate the kind of the marketing objectives between share gain pricing and so on, recognizing in the near term, managing through supply of IG. But the value in HyQ should be manifested in both share gains and pricing.
Robert L. Parkinson: Actually the economic environment in the area of Plasma Proteins, in general, certainly in IG, frankly, we haven't seen -- little to no effect really in terms of underlying demand. So I think in terms of the projection of market growth both in '12 and going forward beyond that, very consistent with what we've communicated before, I would say, strong single digit, mid-single digits. And as for the total market and obviously with the early encouraging feedback on our SubQ product, the hopeful launch of HyQ and then indication expansions with MMN and so on over time, it's clearly our aspiration to grow this business at a faster rate than the overall market. But overall, Rick, pretty stable.
Robert L. Parkinson: Bob, let me -- as Mary Kay mentioned at the outset, Dr. Norbert Riedel's with us this morning. I'm going to ask Norbert to respond to your question on this. Go ahead, Norbert.
Robert L. Parkinson: Within a week or 2, we'll get you all the specifics, so in terms of the logistical part of it. But what's our objective? As we traditionally have done, is to give you a longer-term view of where we see our company going. And one of the reasons, as I've commented before, that we have not had an Investor Day for a while, I think, is really largely a result of kind of the external environment and recognizing the volatility that existed. Candidly, we want to get a little better line of sight both in terms of our operating plan for 2012 as a baseline but to get our arms around some of the moving parts. So I think you can interpret the fact that we're scheduling that as positive in terms of our sense that we think we more definitively have our arms around where we're going and so on. And so, it's a bit of, I think, a sense of confidence as you gathered from my prepared comments. We continue to be very confident in the long-term outlook of the company. And we understand all of you have been waiting for a while to get a sense of something beyond the immediate year that we're operating in, and so that's really the primary objective in terms of what's going to drive the growth of the company going forward and really at what rate do we see revenue growing out over the coming years, as well as projected earnings growth and so on. So we look forward to getting together with everybody.
Robert L. Parkinson: I'll just comment to some degree, maybe not satisfying you specifically. But from our perspective, I mean, obviously we're seeing fairly stable prices in terms of what we charge our customers around the world. I'll kind of leave it at that.
Robert L. Parkinson: Let me make a couple of comments, and then Mary Kay and Bob can add to this. I mean, first of all, this will be an area of focus at our investor conference this fall. I think we'll hone in, provide a little more structure and definition on the opportunity that we see long term associated with emerging, developing markets. I think the number that you cited clearly is a reasonable aspiration that we may be able to get to within a -- say, within a 5-year period of time to give you a little of framework. In terms of profitability, actually, interestingly, if you look at, say, pretax operating margin as a percent of sales in these markets, it actually aligns fairly closely with what we see in developed markets. Obviously, the cost of doing business in not all, but many of these markets is much less. And also, we're supporting this growth through overhead structure. Whether it's here in our corporate offices or in our regional offices, that can be further leveraged. So I don't see, over time, a dilution to the profile of our P&L as we grow emerging and developing market revenues at a faster rate than the rest of the company. So that's probably – I don’t know, Mary Kay or Bob, if you want to add to that...
Robert L. Parkinson: Yes. Well, Kristen, I mean with the deal with Momenta, we think this could be a meaningful opportunity for our company. And historically, it wasn't so much that we shied away from it. I think we always felt fundamentally we were probably as well positioned as anyone to participate in the market. Clearly, there was and continues to be to a great degree some ambiguity in the regulatory pathway. But if you look at Baxter's expertise and biologic manufacturing, all these are drugs that are administered -- that are injectable, which plays to a Baxter strength in terms of packaging, formulation, technology and so on. And obviously, given our global channel presence, again, I think we're -- we've always been as well positioned as anyone. The reason we've been historically kind of noncommittal was one, lacking definition on the regulatory pathway. But with the collaboration with Momenta, candidly, we think we have potentially a fundamental differentiator here, at least on the 6 compounds that are part of the deal that we did with Momenta. Not to get into a lot of detail on their technology, but at least with one biologic, they have a proven track record of applying their technology, bringing it through regulatory approval and getting it launched to the market. And we're excited about the prospects of potentially being able to minimize the clinical development spend given their ability to characterize these biosimilars more effectively and accelerate the time to market as well as lower cost to market, as well. So with the Momenta deal, I think that was really the key thing that's kind of pushed us over the edge to say, okay, we had to be able to leverage the other Baxter strengths and take advantage of this is as a significant opportunity. So we're quite excited about it.
Robert L. Parkinson: Well, I don't think so. He knows -- since Ludwig moved, the Ludwig Hantson moved from the international role to run BioScience, which I would say he's doing an outstanding job with our pipeline and clinical development throughout BioScience. In the meantime, the regional presidents in Europe, Latin America and Asia Pacific have reported directly to me. I think that's worked fine, but I think that as we discussed in the call this morning, given the opportunity in emerging developing markets, there's probably very few people in the industry that have Jean-Luc's expertise and depth of experience in operating in these markets around the world. And I think he will bring real value add to and direction to our international regions, so as well as depth of experience in our senior leadership team overall. So we couldn't be more pleased to have Jean-Luc come on board in a few weeks.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes, absolutely. As you know, we've been running very tight on inventory and in fact with very strong demand for our product periodically experiencing backorders. With Octa returning to the market, the expectation is that we'll be in a better position to start building some inventory in advance of the shutdown in the back half of the year and be in better shape. That way that will allow us to maintain supply and support some modest growth as we indicated in our guidance. And I would say from a cost perspective, very modest impact to cost in 2012. Some impact to '13, but I would say a slight headwind, nothing significant. So we're comfortable we'll be able to take it down, do the necessary upgrades and get it back up in production in 2013 and support future growth very nicely.
Robert J. Hombach: Well, I think our approach initially with HyQ, given that is -- this is a paradigm change in treatment, is to have a controlled launch, ensure that those patients and treaters that first go on the product understand how to administer it appropriately, build a good track record and good word of mouth amongst the community and then drive the momentum going forward. So again, our expectations for HyQ for 2012 are modest in any case, but we certainly expect to build a strong foundation so that we can gain some momentum in '13. And we'll have the production available to support that moment as we go forward.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes, a couple of factors there. The first quarter tends to be a lower quarter from a margin perspective, and certainly given where FX rates are at the moment, that certainly poses a bit of a headwind for us as we go into the first quarter here. And really, FX from a headwind standpoint will be there for most of the year, as we indicated in our prepared comments. But as we get through the first quarter, as we annualize out the impact of the divestiture, we did book revenues in the tune of about $50 million to $60 million related to the multisource generic business in the first quarter of last year. That will annualize after the first quarter and have a bit more of a normalized growth rate beyond that.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes. Until we get the COLLEAGUE consent order done, we won't see a normalized quarter until the third quarter. We're targeting -- July is when the due date is to finalize that. So the amount of cash we have assumed out the door related to COLLEAGUE in 2012 is slightly higher than it is in 2011, and so those are comparable year-over-year and aren't driving a difference. You're right. We did have a pension contribution in early 2011 that we're not expecting to make a pension contribution in 2012. Nothing else really material to discuss around the overall working capital and cash flow assumptions. Again, our guidance, we said, exceeds $3 billion, so we'll see how things play out. But generally, I'm very comfortable with how we've managed the inventory and DSO situations in a very tough environment, particularly DSO. You did see some slight deterioration year-over-year but certainly nothing dramatic, and it's one we're very focused on managing going forward.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes, and maybe I'll spend a bit of time on this because I think it's relevant for a lot of other folks as well. So pension is, as we projected, $0.09 of a headwind year-over-year. And so looking at the residual of $0.16, that's kind of the midpoint of our estimate of the impact of foreign exchange. Now historically, we've talked about FX being a fairly muted impact at the bottom line for the company, a combination of having natural hedges and the use of financial hedges and a bit of a portfolio effect in the emerging markets force over time. And in fact, if you look at 2011, despite volatility where a tailwind for us in the front half of the year and a headwind in the back half, we end the year with approximately $0.03 of a net impact on FX on the full year 2011.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes. And so net-net, not much of an impact to speak of on the base of $4.31 of earnings. But as we move into 2012, clearly, we're projecting a much more pronounced impact. And maybe I'll just take a minute here and kind of walk everyone through the drivers because I think this is important. As we've talked about, regularly, Baxter has about 60% of our revenues outside the U.S. We've increasingly highlighted for investors that now slightly more than 20% of our revenues come from emerging markets. And in fact, emerging markets have been growing 2 to 3 times the rate of developed markets over the last 5 years. So the mix of our business certainly has shifted towards emerging markets to a much greater degree. As we've highlighted in the past, for developed markets, we have the ability through natural hedges given our manufacturing footprint, which we have in places like Europe and Canada and Japan, Australia and so on. We have some natural hedges there, but also we utilize financial hedges in those developed markets. Now I would pause here to say, as we've talked about in the past, our pipe policy, we hedge 80% of our projected exposures. And by the nature of hedging, when you're looking 12 to 18 to 24 months out, you have to be careful in your projections to ensure that you don't get yourself in an overhead situation, hence, the 80% with a 20% buffer. But what that does mean is we do have some residual exposure muted but some residual exposure in the developed markets. As we said in the past, with emerging markets, we do not hedge. We do not utilize financial hedges, and we have modest natural hedges in some manufacturing facilities in Latin America, Eastern Europe and so on but nothing near the degree we have in the developed markets. And so our bottom line drop to exposure on the emerging markets is much more leveraged. So to frame that exposure for you then, looking at it by region, so within Latin America, from an operating profit perspective that would be exposed to foreign currency, think of that in terms of $300 million to $400 million of annual profit. And that's primarily Brazil, Colombia and Mexico. For Eastern Europe, which is primarily Russia, Poland and Turkey, again, about $300 million of operating profit on an annual basis. And then in Asia Pacific, and there we would exclude Japan, Australia, New Zealand and China because of the stability of the currency, so all of Asia excluding those 3 is another roughly $300 million of operating profit on an annual basis. So you add that up. That's $900 million to $1 billion of profit exposed to currency in emerging markets. And as you've seen, there's been quite a bit of volatility, and given where we're sitting today and where rates are today relative to where they were on average in 2011, if you assume an 8% to 10% weakening across that basket of emerging market currencies, that's $80 million to $100 million of incremental exposure that we're factoring in here. And you add to that the slight 20% residual impact from the developed markets that goes unhedged, and that's how we get into this kind of $0.15 to $0.18 range of FX exposure. Now, as you would imagine, given the volatility, we've assumed somewhat conservative rates relative to where market rates are today. There's been of bit of a run-up here in the last few days, but given the volatility, I hesitate to call it very conservative. And so that's the picture. But if I step back and think about as a large U.S. multinational corporation in thinking about the long run, being along the emerging markets, whether it's from a growth perspective or currency perspective, is exactly where we want to be. We continue to see great opportunities there, but in times of financial crisis like this, where the correlation between those currencies and the U.S. dollar is all going one way, it creates this kind of outsized exposure that we're having to factor into our guidance here for 2012. So thanks for bearing with me, but I think it's important that people understand the breadth of the issue for us.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes. So within the guidance that we provided, the incremental dilution is about $0.05. And a couple things I'd note, one is we did take about $0.01 roughly in Q4 here because we did close the Baxa acquisition a little earlier than we thought. So some of what we were projecting for '12 occurred in '11. And then, as we've looked at this further, there are certain aspects of the transaction costs that were likely to special out going forward. But the big chunk of this really is noncash amortization related to a deal premium that you have to run through. In our case, we'll go through cost of goods sold, and that's about $35 million of incremental headwind that's going to run through margin here. So again, about $0.05 incremental, but we did take $0.01, roughly, in Q4.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes. Certainly, Brazil for sure is a timing issue, and we're hoping to continue to accelerate into China. Without them it becomes -- it is a great growth opportunity. So yes, you should see normalized growth rates here in 2012 for that category.
Robert J. Hombach: No. I mean, I do think that old L.A. in and of itself given that it's back half that will take it down and how that rolls through our P&L. As you know, there's a bit of a delay given the long lead time of that. So most of that impact will actually impact 2013, but again, it's a slight impact. It's not that significant. And so I wouldn't expect anything unusual quarter-by-quarter for margin, with the exception of FX. So as you know, we talked about FX as a tailwind in our Q2 margin in 2011, and then, it snapped back to a headwind given the dramatic move in emerging market currencies. Because there is a dichotomy in terms of how margin affects -- FX affects our margin between the developed markets where we have natural hedges and financial hedges. That tends to mute the margin impact, but as reported sales come down that can actually result in a higher reported margin percentage. But on the emerging markets side because it's more highly leveraged and we don't have the financial hedges or the natural hedges in place, that tends to be more of a straight drop-through, and so it really does matter which currencies are moving which way here between the developed markets and emerging markets. So the one caveat to my comment really is that the tailwind in Q2 and the headwind in Q3 versus where we're at here with 2012 in our initial guidance. That would be the only tweak. But no, I don't think there's anything dramatic there.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes. And Rick, the way I would think about that is that given how the market break down for us in the U.S., where about half of our sales are in kind of the hospital acute episodic use versus the chronic space. Our focus, particularly with SubQ and then with HyQ, is really going to be grow out the chronic space. And so with that differentiation, we think we have great opportunities there. And where they play today given their 5% concentration in the -- which is kind of a suboptimal product relative to what most other competitors have with a 10% concentration, likely, they're going to play in the more price-sensitive hospital space, in any case. So for us, it's about directing product to those parts of the channel that we think we have the best opportunity to win. And if that means some of the price-sensitive accounts we lose, then so be it. So it's more of how we're focusing on where we want to drive growth in the future than trying to fight it out with them hospital to hospital.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes. I was just going to say, I mean, we've tended to enter these markets over time in the IV or renal space, but the opportunity to have these economies move up the scale and start devoting more of their GDP towards healthcare, some of our higher-end products, particularly biologics, become more attractive. And so the opportunity to increase margin through further penetration of the biologics portfolio and the higher-end products within our Med Product space, like some of our nutrition and anesthesia products, we actually see nice margin opportunities for improvement going forward there.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes, I mean, the R&D tax credit for us is a fairly small item, so not material. As it relates to CapEx, once again, we're looking at about $1 billion. That may go up a little bit pending the timing of when we launch the greenfield site that we've talked about for the plasma business, but thinking about it at approximately $1 billion at this point is a good way to think about it.
Robert J. Hombach: That was in the adjusted number. We talked about $0.05 incremental in '12. We took about $0.01 in Q4 here, withholding backs a little bit early. So that's the number. As I mentioned, there are some onetime costs related to Synovis as a public company that we'll think about specialing out, but think about $0.05, again, almost exclusively, noncash amortization that's required by purchase accounting that runs through margin.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes. I mean, very excited about how SubQ has gone so far. But again, I would think about 2012 as a little bit of an unusual year given taking the old L.A. facility down. It's going to constrain our ability to grow faster than what we've described here to some degree. And so it's really about seeding the market for what we think will be a very successful HyQ launch. And so it will be more over time than an immediate impact in '12 in terms of what it might do for our business, but clearly, it is being well received. And again it's the fastest growing segment of the PID market, so we're very happy to be participating in it.
Robert J. Hombach: And fair to say, I think that we're starting to see this resonate more with treaters and with patients, both the Profi Label as well as the meta-analysis. But that's part of our challenge in '12 is to drive that into the market and make it happen. So that's what we're focused on.
Frederick A. Wise: Can I start with gross margin? Bob, you talked about gross margin being essentially flat for the year. But could you talk about it -- how should we think about the quarterly flow and then, particularly, as it relates to old L.A. shutdown, temporary shutdown. Should we assume second half gross margins are lower? Can you -- and maybe if you could help us think through that.
Frederick A. Wise: Okay, that's helpful. If I could turn to the plasma market, you've talked about some of the market dynamics, but it seems like as we look at 2012, it's a lot -- the outlook is a lot different than a year ago. Grifols, Talecris now combined. I mean, 2 questions. Can you talk about the dynamics of the consolidation? The Octapharma, $100 million you've taken out. Are you seeing them on track to actually do that? Or is that a conservative assumption? And maybe a little bit about collections and supply, demand. I'd appreciate it.
Frederick A. Wise: It was sort of supply, demand. I mean, given the weakening economy, your collection's growing. Just wondering how you see the -- just that -- the background there for Plasma Protein.
Norbert G. Riedel: Okay, so maybe just for a little bit of context, the Phase III trial that is ongoing has about 390 patients enrolled. Patients are on therapy for 18 months. And the futility analysis was done on a 120-patient part of that trial that has already completed 18 months on therapy. And the Alzheimer's consortium who we worked with to conduct this trial had a statistical group determine the parameters of the futility analysis for it to be truly within the spirit of our futility analysis and not become de facto in interim analysis. And that's where they set the cutoff for the assessment. The assessment was done and says that there is a better than 20% probability of reaching the endpoint, the primary endpoint defined for the trial. And there's also no indication from a safety point of view as to why the trial should not proceed. Therefore, the recommendation that the trial should really proceed as planned and our communication that we will be initiating a second conservatory trial with the exact same trial design. So specifically answering your question, I did not expect a safety signal or a safety concern primarily because immunoglobulin GAMMAGARD is used and has been used for many, many years in primary immune deficiency and has a very well defined and also, would say, a very favorable safety profile. So safety was not really the issue, but it was looked at anyway by the DSMB. But it was about a probability assessment that we will indeed be able to achieve the primary endpoint. And so I'm encouraged by that. I think it supports also the Phase II trial data that we have seen. It supports our hypothesis that a multifactorial disease like Alzheimer's disease will likely benefit much from a multifactorial treatment approach like the complexity of the immunoglobulins that we offer these patients. And I think it just overall continues to make me cautiously optimistic that this might indeed be a way of going after treating the disease.
Norbert G. Riedel: The primary endpoint is 2 well-defined endpoints that are generally used in the space of Alzheimer's disease. One is an assessment scale that is a cognitive function assessment scale that is used, and the other is an overall function of the patient that has to do with activities of daily life and so on, so parameters that we have selected together with the FDA and that are consistent with endpoints in Alzheimer's trials typically look for.
Norbert G. Riedel: Well, maybe I'll start with just touching on the paper that you referred to, the meta-analysis, which really for the first time, provides a rather encompassing comparison between B-domain deleted Factor VIII and full-length Factor VIII. And I keep pointing out that our ADVATE as the goal standard of therapy in hemophilia A is a full-length recombinant Factor VIII that is manufactured completely in the absence of any proteins added at any point in the process of making the finished product. And I have always believed that a full-length Factor VIII most closely mimics what is naturally occurring when you have a Factor VIII. And the data in the meta-analysis suggests that B-domain deleted VIII, or Factor VIII, has a much higher incidence of inhibitor formation, about a 7 fault [ph] higher incidence than the full-length Factor VIII. And with respect to what we call high titre antibodies, which are the most problematic for a hemophilia patient and 11 times higher incidence rate. And so we have been clear with the results that our goal continues to be to optimize ADVATE therapy. Our longer-acting Factor VIII is fundamentally an ADVATE molecule with a minor tweak that we put on the molecule and continues our approach to working with full-length Factor VIII. And I think when you look at just the market share of B-domain deleted Factor VIII, today it is actually very small and so I believe that, given the choice, that full-length Factor VIII is very attractive therapy. And as I mentioned, it is much closer to the natural way of dealing with bleeds or stopping the bleeds.
