Robert Adam Hopkins: Great. Thanks. So I just want to take the opportunity, Bob, to follow up on your comment about succession and your comment about you want to wait until progress is evident. Is it reasonable to assume that by early 2016, we're going to know what kind of progress or that progress would be evident? I'm just trying to put some timeframes around your commentary around succession.
Robert Adam Hopkins: Great. That's very helpful. So I think I'm hearing, what I think I'm hearing from you, it doesn't sound unreasonable that something could happen in 2016 just kind of hearing the things that you just mentioned.
Robert Adam Hopkins: Great. And then just one really quick one for Jay. Given your back half guidance, can you just give us a sense as to the revenue contribution from cyclo in the back half and then the total debt of new Baxter in the back half that drives that interest expense number you mentioned? Thank you.
Robert L. Parkinson, Jr.: Yeah, I appreciate the follow-up question, Bob, and again I don't want to be specific in terms of dates. The reason I did mention what I did is it's fair to characterize this to say what I would call a front burner issue with the board. I mean, the fact of the matter is our board has had in place through the governance committee an established succession plan process for a long time. And in fact, just to provide a little color for everyone, we had discussions on this going back over the last few years. But clearly as we approach the spinoff, we kind of took the notion of succession and set it up on the shelf a little bit. I will say the decision to spin off BioScience clearly wasn't a result of any succession planning, but the reality is as a result of the spinoff, it did answer the succession question for that big piece of the business. It also allows the board to go forward now and evaluate succession in the context of a medical products/medical device company which in terms of experience and so on, can be a much more focused search I think. So now, given the fact that the spin has taken place, recognizing the progress and the momentum that's building at new Baxter, as I said, this has now become a new priority. And as I said in my prepared comments, with that, the board has formed a working group to manage the process, retained a search firm. I don't want to get into all the specifics of that including timing other than to say I wouldn't have raised it in this sense if now that the spin has been completed, we've got renewed enthusiasm, energy and focus and alignment behind what we want to do at new BAX and now is appropriate for the board to reengage on this and that's why I wanted to comment on this this afternoon.
Robert L. Parkinson, Jr.: Yeah. It's not unreasonable at all. The fact of the matter is, we retained a search firm shortly after the spin. We didn't do it before then because there's no secrets in the world. Stability in this organization is important and we intentionally, as I said, kind of put that on the shelf until the spin was completed. But shortly thereafter we formalized it, and particularly with our employees, I always try to be forthright and transparent in communications and that's another reason why I wanted to communicate it today, so they have some expectation in that regard.
Robert L. Parkinson, Jr.: Matt, this is Bob. Maybe just to add some higher-level color. It's really too early subsequent to the Investor Conference for us to modify either our outlook for this year or next year. But I think probably as you gathered from our commentary in our prepared remarks, we increasingly are confident in our ability to achieve what we disclosed to everybody and what we project at the Investor Conference. I think the momentum is building and just to reiterate our aspiration, if we can do better, we're totally committed to do that over the next five years in the LRP and certainly subsequent to 2020. So good momentum building, but it's too early in the game to, I think to modify any of our financial projections.
Robert L. Parkinson, Jr.: Well just maybe high-level comment, then I can maybe tee it up for Jay for more specifics. Some of the strength that you're seeing demonstrated is really a result of some pricing power, pricing latitude in the U.S.. The underlying volume is I think pretty consistent with what we've been generating. As you now, it's a fairly low growth market on a volume basis but what you're seeing the strength from is really, in the core solutions business is really pricing, but then of course we're starting to pick up momentum more broadly with the relaunch of the SIGMA Spectrum. And I will tell you, again, and you know this, Dave, but for the others that are calling in, we projected in the long range plan to recover 5 of the 10 share point loss within the LRP. And early days with orders we have in hand and what we expect this year, I would anticipate that we're going to get at least 1 share point of 5 back before the end of the year. So that's part of the momentum that's building there and that's contributing to the strength as well. Jay, I don't know if there's any.
Robert L. Parkinson, Jr.: Well, I said it was possible that a new CEO could be on board in 2016. The reality is, I think there has been benefit and will continue to be benefit by my continued involvement post-spin for a lot of different reasons. But the reality is, the progress we're making, I think that the focus and the momentum and the alignment behind what we need to do is really good. And I'm going to be 65 in January, and I've been around almost 111/2 years and so inevitably this has to be dealt with. So I think actually the stage is set very nicely for the board now to do what they have a primary responsibility of doing, is to revisit the issue of succession now that the spin has been successfully executed and transition and succession has been defined for Baxalta, now to focus on the Baxter piece. So I think that we can achieve the objective of stability post-spin. I intentionally didn't define a specific date, but I did respond to Bob's question in the fashion that you reiterated, and I think that's fair. So I think it's a good plan where all objectives can be effectively met.
Robert L. Parkinson, Jr.: Well, actually – thanks for the question, Danielle. I mean, we need to pick up the pace a little bit right now to get to the 4%. We were at 3% for the quarter. So we know the primary driver for that will be with the capacity expansions in renal, both dialyzers and PD capacity, as well as momentum with the SIGMA Spectrum relaunch and the other new products. To get ahead of ourselves, first of all, if you adjust – if you go back to the 4% CAGR that we talked about over the LRP at the Investor Conference, adjusting for cyclophosphamide, that's actually closer to 5%. So that means you're really growing from a current run rate of 3% up to 5%. And the other point that I would reiterate is as part of our margin improvement program and really addressing the product portfolio, we are going to aggressively evaluate certain product categories in certain geographies which may result in us exiting those product lines in certain geographies which obviously has a depressing effect on the top line as well. So we do have some momentum implicit in our long-term projections. But we wanted to also reflect the fact that we are going to be proactively addressing portfolio in a way that may result to some decreases in revenue, not unlike the tender position we took in the first quarter on hemodialysis monitors. So I think overall it's balanced. I think our long range sales projection in the LRP is very achievable. Adjusting for cyclophosphamide, I think it's pretty stable and fairly predictable and again of course it doesn't reflect anything and therefore, not only M&A obviously, but any further business development as well. So I think, Danielle, it's a pretty balanced forecast both for the rest of the year, 2016 and throughout the LRP.
Robert L. Parkinson, Jr.: Look, we're continuously looking at deals. Our, kind of other than Gambro, our historical MO of doing kind of bolt-on deals and so on, we certainly, we conceivably can do over the next 12 months. But as a practical matter, we have financial constraints. So the notion of a transformational deal is interesting and we can talk about it in a hypothetical context, but as a practical matter in the short term, we don't have the financial wherewithal to do anything in the short-term. And if that's the case, then to speculate one way or the other, telegraph intent ahead of time doesn't seem to serve any stakeholder's interest effectively. The Gambro deal I think represents the fact that we're willing to think bigger if the value is there. And whether it's me or a successor, I think there's an open-mindedness to that, but again right now today, it's not a practical option just due to constraints, right, financial constraints. Not to mention, I would say organizationally we're still completing the Gambro integration. This company has been consumed over the last 12 months as a result of the spinoff, which has been the number one priority, and appropriately so, because I believe we'll look back and realize that that decision will have generated significant value for all stakeholders and all shareholders for both companies. Now that that's done, we refocus our attention on other priorities. And, but I think a transformational deal in the next, say, 12 months or something, it just isn't in the offing because we don't have the financial latitude to do it.
Robert L. Parkinson, Jr.: Okay, Kristin, thanks for the questions. So let me start at a high level, okay. I'm really glad that we did the Gambro deal. Things always change in big acquisitions, but looking back now a year-and-a-half on or thereabouts, almost two years on now, I'm really glad we did the deal. Things always turn out differently than what you anticipate. And you're absolutely right. The core – and it's really a follow-on to commentary I made earlier. I don't know if it was David Lewis or David Roman's question, I can't recall, in terms of the traditional in-center hemo business, okay. Because that has fallen behind what our expectations are, so your commentary in that regard is spot on. I would agree with that. But if you take a step back and look at the total deal, first of all, much of the value of the deal, more so than typically in acquisitions, was based upon the cost reduction. And as we've commented today, we're well on track to achieve – frankly it's not – slightly exceed that $300 million target, so that's really positive. In terms of the higher growth higher margin business, the in-center CRRT, that's moving along totally in accordance with our expectation. The other thing that has been favorable, and I think going forward increasingly you have to look at our renal performance in aggregate. Part of the rationale was to complete the full product line, thereby enabling us to participate in commercial opportunities where previously perhaps we didn't, because we didn't have all the clubs in our bag so to speak in the traditional in-center piece. And so the commercial synergies that we're getting, particularly on PD and so on, have certainly achieved if not exceeded our expectation. The piece that has been slower is the traditional in-center piece. Part of it is market driven and part of it is organizationally driven. I think the integration of the commercial organizations has been more challenging than what we anticipated bringing the Gambro and the Baxter pieces together, including change out of leader – most of this business as you know is outside the U.S., so it's a byproduct of 50 general managers around the world and making sure the right leaders are in the right place in each market. And so the sorting out process in that regard has been somewhat more challenging than we had anticipated in the modeling. And secondarily, as we've converted from distributors to going direct, which is our mode of doing business as you know, while we fully anticipated that as a result of the due diligence, there have been some challenges associated with converting from distributors largely in emerging developing markets in ways that we didn't anticipate (58:35). So it's been slower than we anticipated. That was operationally related. Then in terms of the marketplace, frankly in terms of the pricing, it's performing pretty much in accordance with what we modeled. We anticipate in the acquisition analysis that this was and would continue to be pricing competitive. We didn't anticipate perhaps some of the austerity measures. I cited just one recently in France. And then the other piece of it is we have been consistent with our overall priority at new BAX going forward, more discerning and more demanding in terms of returns through our new mindset of new Baxter, and that's had an impact in terms of some of the profitability. So I touched on a lot of it, but I really – maybe I'll just end where I started, Kristen, which is I'm very pleased that we did the deal for a lot of different reasons and confident that the value clearly is going to be generated over the long term.
Robert L. Parkinson, Jr.: There will be a sense of urgency on this. But there is a disciplined process, as Jay described, Josh.
James K. Saccaro: Yeah, certainly. As far as cyclo in the second half of the year, we currently expect approximately $70 million in the second half of the year which is a slight increase over our prior guidance. And then as far as the new Baxter debt balance in the second half of the year, we completed a debt tender successfully as I commented on in my prepared remarks. At this stage, we're not reflecting any utilization of the retained stake beyond that. But overall from a debt standpoint, post-spin we're anticipating approximately $6.3 billion in debt, which reflects the benefit of utilizing the cash from the cash dividend from Baxalta to retire certain debt and commercial paper. So that's the current expectation.
James K. Saccaro: Yeah. I would say our margin expectations for the second half of the year, first let's start with that, are very consistent with what we shared in the Investor Conference. So the 9% operating margin reflects our expectation around start point, and there are a number of factors that are impacting that 9%. As we move forward, we are increasingly confident in our ability to achieve our long-term margin projections. Having said that, I don't think it's appropriate at this stage to modify our target for next year. As you know, we expect 100 basis points of improvement relative to the second half. So 10% margin for next year and that would include approximately 100 basis points of negative drag from cyclo. So really the organic improvement would be approximately 200 basis points relative to the second half of this year. As it relates to the full year comparables and the earnings power, given the complexities of a mid-year split, we're really not in a position at this stage to comment on new Baxter as a standalone enterprise. We reported Q2 as a consolidated enterprise. We expect later in the year as we approach the Q3 earnings call, we'll have the ability to report Baxalta not only from a discontinued operations basis, but also at that stage reflect the transition service agreements and the actual consumption of transition services by Baxalta. We'll start billing for that, those services that we provide next month. So from an overall standpoint, the first half of the year really is a Baxter consolidated view until we modify that later in the year.
James K. Saccaro: Yeah David, if you think about our objectives with the Baxalta stake, it's really to maximize the value of the stake to Baxter. And as part of that, we're going to look to carefully evaluate the different levers that we have and be opportunistic in terms of timing and amounts in each. And so I wouldn't say specifically there is a specific time that we're targeting. We're probably not going to do anything in the first 60 days, allow the Baxalta stock price to stabilize and we would probably not wait until we get too close to the 18 month timeframe because as you know there are very significant tax benefits to achieving our objectives within the 18 month timeframe. Beyond that, we expect to start certain transactions this year and then we'll do a number of other transactions next year, but we haven't reflected the benefit in reduced share count or reduced interest expense for late-year transactions that we're currently contemplating. The key inputs as we think about this, with respect to the pension, we're going to carefully evaluate the prevailing interest rate environment because we don't want to oversize the pension contribution depending on the size of that liability. We're going to carefully evaluate the evolution of the Baxalta stock price and then the receptivity to, the anticipated receptivity from Baxter debtholders and Baxter shareholders to the different tactics that we're pursuing. So those are some of the key inputs that we're evaluating as we look at timing and sizing of the different transactions. At this stage I wouldn't expect one very large transaction but more multiple transactions.
James K. Saccaro: Mike, yeah, on your gross margin hedge question, we did have the benefit of $25 million of hedges in the second quarter on the gross margin line.
James K. Saccaro: Great. So the primary driver of the spread between operating income or cash earnings and free cash flow relates to, in the short term, CapEx. As you know, Mike, our business is capital intensive. A lot of that has to do with the fact that we're in the IV and PD business, and those have a higher capital burn. In addition to that, in the near term, we've announced a number of important capacity expansion projects that start to benefit sales in 2016. The three major projects that we have ongoing that we'll complete in 2016, we have a China PD expansion, we have a Thai PD expansion and we have the Opelika dialyzer capacity expansion. All of these are revenue generating. All of these generate positive economics for Baxter, but they do have the impact in the near term of depressing free cash flow relative to operating income. Over time, as we migrate and improve the operating margin of the business, we will hold CapEx flat or even as I said in the Investor Conference, we'll see a decline in CapEx, and so the relationship between free cash flow and operating income becomes much more normalized. Mike, but having said all of this, I want to emphasize that the entire management team is very much focused on free cash flow generation, and while we have a plan on CapEx, we are extremely focused on every single capital project to ensure that those dollars are dollars that create economic value for the company. So that's a little background color and some further information for you.
James K. Saccaro: Yes. So, Kristen, there's really three uses for the retained stake, pension, a stock for stock exchange or split off as it's termed and a stock for debt exchange which essentially amounts to a secondary offering coupled with a debt buyback. So those are the three vehicles that we're currently evaluating, each of them to the extent that we pursue them within an 18 month window, are tax-free uses of the stake. So what we've said is we expect a 50 basis point benefit from contributions to the pension which would imply approximately a $600 million contribution to the pension. But frankly, the sizing of that ultimate contribution will very much depend upon the prevailing interest rate environment. We don't want to go well north of 100% funded status. As we sit today, we're at roughly 80%, and so this would close a portion of that gap but it wouldn't close all the gap. To the extent that interest rates rise between now and year-end when we would contemplate a transaction of this nature, we're going to watch that very carefully.
James K. Saccaro: As it relates to the other two pieces, it really is going to depend upon our ability to execute those transactions with the least amount of cost. Because to the extent that we over delever, we always have the opportunity to lever back up to buy shares or to pursue M&A. The important thing is we want to use the retained stake with the limited, the least amount of economic loss to Baxter, so that we're going to be very thoughtful about transaction costs and premiums and things of that nature.
James K. Saccaro: We really haven't disclosed margins by segment or area except to say that there are certain businesses that carry a higher margin than the Baxter average, and those businesses include the CRRT business, our surgical care business, our nutrition business within integrated pharmacy systems. Those are a few of the businesses which carry a higher margin than the corporate average. In the case of those businesses, our full expectation is to grow them as fast as we can with promotional investments to support that. By doing that, we expect to see a positive benefit on the margin. There are other categories of businesses which we would characterize as having lower margins. And what we've said is, it's really not a global question to ask, but it's more specific than that. In certain products in certain geographies we have margins that are below our corporate target. With respect to those businesses, our expectations are we're either going to fix, shrink or exit those businesses over time. So we have a very disciplined framework in place, but it's a more fine-tuned methodology than a global methodology with businesses that have lower margins or higher margins. Because frankly in some businesses that may have a lower margin in one market, that margin may be dramatically different in another market depending on the nature of the dynamic.
