James Saccaro: Sure. So, as I referenced during the call, one of the things we are incredibly excited about is a new product pipeline that we have. We are launching probably more products this year than we have in many years, but attending with that, we want to make sure that we have the right commercial teams and commercial investments on the ground to support successful launches. So, this was a rare quarter on the phase of it, SG&A grew 0%. But on a constant currency basis, we did see a few points of growth adjusting for TSAs, maybe 3% growth. And really what it comes down to is, some of those select marketing investments. I'll stop short of delineating actually where those investments took place. But from an investment standpoint again, we just want to make sure that the markets are ready to successfully launch. Now, from an R&D standpoint, it’s always difficult to get the exact timing of specific milestone payments outlined in a quarter we planned. And so, one of the things we found, as we looked at results for this year is certain of our payments were shifting from Q1 and Q2, future quarters and so we expect an acceleration as we move through Q2 to Q4 in terms of some of these payments and frankly, we have reflected in our guidance roughly a $0.03 shift of R&D spending from Q1 to later quarters. It’s not specific to one program. And I think from my standpoint, most importantly, it does not impact the launch timing of any of the products that we put forth. So there is no change to timeline and we can talk more about it. But we are as bullish as we’ve ever been about the pipeline, but we did see some phasing and we did not want to reduce R&D spending on a full year basis. We are going to see that spending come through in future quarters. The only other comment I would make is, or one of the things we’ve been really focused on is improving the efficiency of our R&D spending. So there have been a number of global initiatives in terms of consolidation and simplification and you are seeing some of that yield dividends in the overall performance of the spend category.
James Saccaro: Yes. So, from a gross margin standpoint, that was principally in line with my expectations in large part because of the significant headwinds we experienced in some high margin products in the first quarter. And so, if you look at the first half of the year, we have a big drag related to Brevibloc. It’s basically $30 loss in Q1. It’s another $30 million in Q2 and that comes through at a much higher margin than the corporate average. Furthermore, we had a little bit of a FX headwinds. In the quarter, we also have a cyclo headwind year-over-year again in the first quarter. And so, those were particularly pronounced year-over-year headwinds that impacted the first quarter. As we move to the balance of the year, we will see the normal cadence of improving gross margins throughout the year. So, typically, Q4 is our strongest gross margin quarter. Q1 is typically our lightest. So we’ll see that uptake as we normally do. But then we will also have the benefit of a accelerated sales growth in the second half of the year which lends itself to a higher gross margin, both from a mix standpoint, but also from a utilization in our manufacturing facility standpoint. If you look at the first half of the year, our overall guidance operationally is in the 2% to 3% range. As we move to the back half of the year, based on easier comps, but other accelerations as well, you start to see a much faster sales growth and an uptick in overall sales. So, I think, those are few of the drivers that impacts gross margin. But like I said, this is largely in line with my expectations.
James Saccaro: Sure. Q1 was interesting, right, because we had a number of headwinds that were specific to the quarter and some of those go away, some of those persist in Q2. And so I referenced earlier Brevibloc, that was like $33 million in the first quarter. It will be around $30 million in the second quarter. So that is a real headwind operational pharmaceutical sales growth that we are mindful of and we have tremendous work coming from this group in terms of all the activity and the new launches. But that’s going to be a specific headwind for the second quarter. We’ve talked in the past about the Bloodline’s headwind which is on a full year basis around $50 million. We will see continued decline related to this particular item impacting our Renal growth in the second quarter. But there are a couple of headwinds that subside. One is, you will see a normalization of the acute growth, because the flu headwind of roughly $10 million moved away in the second quarter. So we will see a solid performance at improved performance out of that group in the second quarter. And then, the IV buy in that we have described in the past which impacted the first quarter of this year again subsides. Now, interestingly enough, that headwind becomes an actual tailwind in Q3 and Q4. Because our Q3 and Q4 were depressed by this amount as Joe referenced earlier. Q2 is fairly neutral. So, as we think about the growth profile in Q2, you will see Renal growth kind of consistent with overall annual growth. We expect to see acute growth closer to the annual rate that should be in line with that. Medication Delivery will increase in the second quarter, but not to the extent that we’ll see in the back two quarters of the year as we look at all of the efforts that Joe described. Many of those benefits accrue to the second half of the year. Pharmaceuticals will have a lower rate for the Brevibloc reason that I mentioned and then we expect to see some Nutrition growth in the quarter as well. Advanced Surgery, again should have a solid quarter largely in line with full year expectations, maybe a little bit better. So that really kind of walks you down the overall components of the growth in the second quarter, like I said, the biggest change in overall growth rate occurs in the second half. So, we go from this operational growth of 2 to 3 accelerating to 4 to 5-ish in the second half of the year.
James Saccaro: Yes, we don’t really break out new product contribution by quarter, by business. But what I can tell you is, in the case of the Pharmaceutical business, we were definitely excited with the launch of dexmedetomidine. That has been well received in the market. It’s a novel presentation and that should be a continued solid growth engine for us for the balance of the year. As we think about biosurgery, we did have the benefit in our operational growth numbers of the Mallinckrodt assets. Roughly $15 million of RECOTHROM and PREVELEAK featured in our numbers in the quarter and so that annualizes as a comp moving into the second quarter. So, the growth rate will return to a lower rate. But we did see a very solid benefit in the first quarter in particular in U.S. As we look forward, biosurgery has been an area that has been performing well. The team is executing with the core hemostats and sealants and we are seeing good momentum there. So, we will expect continued positive progress in those areas. And you know, as we think about business development, I do think the assets that we acquired from Mallinckrodt really are a great example of the kind of business development that we can be incredibly successful with. It leverages the same sales call point, same sales team and we are seeing that really resonate well as we look to commercialize that product.
José Almeida: Well, let’s start with Pharmaceutical. As we have a couple of molecules that we're launching. We are expecting a good size molecule for sometime early next year. So, like about six to 12 months from today. We also have the version 9 of our pump we launched last year, but we have a new pump platform coming out next year and we are going to have two pumps coming out right out of the gate which is a large volume pump and syringe pump, all integrated, 2-way integration with EMR. All the stuff you should have plus the Baxter drug library in the market. We will have later that year which is next year we will have the PCA pump which is a third leg of the stool. And then, in another six months after that, we will have the ambulatory pump. So we have a four pump platform. We also continue to experience a significant uptake in demand for our Kaguya cycler in Japan. That is going well. We just crossed 1000 patient mark and we’ve seen this business for the first time since I’ve got here with growth in Japan. We also have PrisMAX which I just spoke about. PrisMAX for the U.S. is a big deal. We hope to get approval probably within six months to eight months depends upon the FDA review timeframe. And so, we have over 20 products actually coming up for launch in the next 12 months. So, some are small, some are more relevant, some are more long-term, some more durable like the pumps and PrisMAX. We continue to look at a look at a lot of different molecules. And so, we feel comfortable with the Baxter shifting a bit now from its operations excellence and efficiency as you – all of you know we’ve been doing for the last 3.5 years to starting to see the fruits of the innovations coming through.
José Almeida: Yes. Just going back to inventory, a bit of the inventory was planned, because we had – it’s nothing in terms of large volume parenterals in the inventory. Now we carry inventory at the levels that are appropriate to service our customers of today and future customers. So, going back to capital deployment, David, we continue to look at extensively at all kinds of different opportunities. We like some of the stuff that we are seeing. We are looking at molecules. We buy molecules to make more stuff all the way to large stuff we are looking at buying shares back. Until very recent it was a good deal because we thought the multiple was depressed and our treasury group did a great drive. We continue to evaluate the deployment of capital in phase of opportunities that we have in front of us. So we may or may not continue with the program at the pace that we had in this first quarter. We depend a lot of time on what opportunities we have in M&A. As I said before, there is always a good balance between strategy and buying shares. That we couldn’t pass the opportunity in the last six months to buy the shares because we thought the price was adequate and long and behold, I think we made a very good decision in buying that and we will speak to our investors folks who are long holders of Baxter. They probably appreciated the fact that we had an opportunity and took that opportunity. There is nothing would pay back as fast as that did for us and for our investors. But with that said, we will continue to look at expanding Baxter’s technology and opportunities. There is not a week that goes by that I don’t see one or two opportunities. And as I say to folks, it’s the right one. You will be the first one to know.
José Almeida: So, David. I can see where our investors feel uneasy looking at a performance of the last year, a couple quarters, some in the first quarter and said how can you get there and it’s one of the things that is our credibility. Right, so, what we are saying to you that we can do that because we can see through it and we have the numbers, we have the reviews. But let me give a little bit more color. The market is quite stable, meaning, there are not shortages out there. There is not a company that is out of the market. There is nothing like that. So, what plays – what is important to our customers that you have continuity of supply that you have inventory, that you have the ability to supply a large swath of products under the Medication Delivery and be safe at the end of the day. So, what Baxter brings to the table are few things. We are a very stable supply chain right now. We’ve modified significantly in the last two years. We invest over $120 million in our factories to improve quality, to improve output. We continue to revamp our management at factory. So, we do have the capacity to-date from Canada, United States, Brazil, Spain and Ireland. We have a network that is flexible enough that can provide products. We launched a new product that has been very instrumental in recapturing this small volume parenterals the Mini-Bag Plus, which is a single pack. We also took advantage of one of the competitors that filled in during the shortage of the small-volume parenterals is on a recall, and the product is not available on the market which brings our products to light as a safe product, Mini-Bag Plus. So we’ve been seeing – signing two, three, four year agreements with hospital systems right now. So we feel that our pipeline is strong enough of deals that we think we can deliver on our promise. Things can change six months down the road. I don’t think as I see today that they will, but things can. What we are doing is making sure that we are signing every single account and we are showing to customers who are not ours today. How Baxter can serve them with value, as well as supply and breadth of products. Remember, we are a company that goes from the pharmacy all the way to the ICU. So we have a breadth of products that can be offered that way. On top of it, we also have one of the best pumps, if not the best, drug library on the market which is using our Spectrum Version 9. So, all of this together, with the new team that we have with experienced people, it’s not a new team, but it’s experienced people, I am very confident that we can get to the end of the year and deliver to our investors what we are going to deliver. If we have any changes to that, we will let you guys know.
José Almeida: Matt, I think, what we see is, the number of patients are related to penetrate. A couple of things. One is the penetration of the therapy. Our renewed partnership with DaVita. And lastly is, also may be related to length of stay in terms of durability of the revenue, right, on therapy. So, I would say, to the number of patients, I attribute it mainly by the excellent relationship that we have with DaVita where we seek the best therapies for the patients and the organizations are aligned and Baxter has – is making investments in its plants to provide more capacity for growth in PD, right now, as we speak, we are investing dozens of millions of dollars in our facilities to be able to support DaVita. We had this agreement with them. So I find this to be the result of that execution.
José Almeida: Matt, the government announcement that they would initiate a move to take patients from clinics to home is too new to have caused any significant impact on our numbers. Our numbers, as I said are driven primarily in the U.S. by a strong relationship with DaVita that continues to get stronger. Our availability of products which is most importantly. We are making investments in our plants to supply the market with product. So we will have availability of products for the longer-term. We are investing in technology point-of-care. For instance, our first patient just came off successfully from the three month clinical trial period. We continue to enroll more patients on that technology. So, all in all, the U.S. has done well because our renewed effort in partnership. When I look at the Asia Pacific, the growth in patients would be 6.6%. Don’t forget that Asia, but primarily China, we are 70 plus percent market share holding in China and in China we have twice as many patients in PD that we have in the U.S. And the areas that we need to continue to improve is Europe has always been behind PD penetration compared to the U.S. and parts of Asia. So, all in all, 5.1% growth in patients for PD is a pretty healthy number. And consequently, our outlook for the year is a little more than that. So we continue to see a very strong outlook in the U.S., Asia Pacific, as well as Canada.
José Almeida: Yes. So, if you compare like Brevibloc, and cyclophosphamide, we will not see drugs like that in our portfolio not to that extent anymore, because those are drugs they were semi-specialty drugs. They were – they had patents and they had things that we had and it was a different Baxter at that time. Our intent in Pharmaceuticals is to launch three to four molecules a year which are injectable mostly, mostly premixes, which is Baxter’s strength, it’s premix. It’s our Galaxy technology that comes to light. We will launch some APIs, primarily when once we get the warning letter resolved out of Ahmedabad. There will be some APIs launched out of that facility. But if you look at our objective is to launch in five areas of care, oncology, anesthesia, antibiotics, specialty antibiotics, and a conglomerate of small parts of therapy, as well as the premixes. So we are going to take those areas of therapy and launch specialty products, three to four molecules a year. Some are going to be $70 million, $80 million, some are going to be $3 million, $4 million. It’s going to be a mix of them. Our objective by 2023 is to more than double the number of molecules that we currently have as we are ahead of plan to get there.
