Barbara Bodem: Thanks, John and good morning, everyone. I will briefly walk through our financial results before turning to our updated guidance. As mentioned, worldwide revenue in Q1 of $741 million grew 8% compared to $685 million in revenue last year. Revenue growth on a constant currency basis was 6.5%. All three businesses generated higher than expected growth driven by accelerated recovery trends and expanded demand for critical care products. Adjusted gross margin was 51.2% and expanded by 130 basis points versus the prior year. This was the result of favorable product mix and operational improvements. R&D spending increased 11% to $35 million, highlighting our commitment to drive innovation and advance our portfolio of connected care solutions. Adjusted SG&A of $205 million increased 3%. We continue to fund our strategic growth platforms and IT transformation, while managing discretionary spending and realizing planned savings from our business optimization program implemented last year. As a result, adjusted operating margin improved 260 basis points to 18.8%. Interest and other non-operating expenses for the quarter totaled $11 million. This is lower than the prior period due to the benefit of insurance recoveries totaling approximately $5 million or $0.06 per diluted share. The adjusted tax rate was 20.5%, slightly higher than our original expectation due to the geographic mix of our profits. Overall, this translates into adjusted earnings for the fiscal first quarter of $1.53 per diluted share, which is an increase of 35% from $1.13 per diluted share in the prior year. Now, turning to cash flow. Cash flow from operations for Q1 was $100 million, a 30% increase compared to the prior year, primarily driven by higher net income. Capital expenditures totaled $29 million, $5 million higher than the prior year, driven by the continued investment in our global IT transformation. Free cash flow advanced 35% to $71 million. Our balance sheet and financial position remains very strong. In Q1, we returned $70 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We ended the quarter with $295 million in cash and our debt-to-EBITDA ratio at the end of December was 2.7x or 2.3x on a net debt basis. Now, let me conclude my remarks with our updated guidance. Let me start by saying we have not included the impact of the BardyDiagnostics acquisition in our updated revenue guidance. However, the earnings per share guidance ranges provided today provides sufficient flexibility to absorb deal-related dilution in fiscal 2021 under various scenarios. So with that said, for the full year, we now expect revenue to increase 0% to 2% on a reported basis, which includes a benefit from foreign currency of approximately 100 basis points. This compares to our prior guidance of a revenue decline in the 3% to 5% range. By business segment, at constant currency rates, we expect Patient Support Systems revenue to decline between 2% and 4%, an improvement of more than 400 basis points from our previous guidance range. We now expect Front Line Care revenue to grow between 2% and 4% as recovery in the underlying businesses continues. And finally, we continue to expect Surgical Solutions revenue growth of 3% to 5%, with recovery towards pre-COVID level. From a profitability perspective, we now expect adjusted gross margin and operating margin to be approximately flat to the record levels set in fiscal 2020, with gross margin of approximately 51.5% and operating margin of approximately 18.8%. We expect R&D to approach 5% of sales and expect SG&A to represent approximately 28% of revenue. We now expect other expense, which includes interest, of $65 million to $70 million and a tax rate of 19% to 20%. This translates into adjusted earnings of $5.70 to $5.90 per diluted share for the year, roughly an increase of $0.45 per diluted share compared to our previous guidance range and reflecting mid-teens earnings per share growth after excluding the one-time COVID impacts from both the current and the prior year period. From a cash flow perspective, we are now expecting operating cash flow of $400 million to $430 million, an increase of $30 million compared to our prior guidance. We continue to expect capital expenditures of approximately $100 million, resulting in free cash flow of $300 million to $330 million. For our fiscal second quarter, we expect revenue to increase 0% to 2% on a reported basis and adjusted earnings, excluding special items of $1.40 to $1.45 per diluted share. And now, I will turn the call back over to John.
Barbara Bodem: Good morning, David. Thanks for the question. If I heard you correctly, what you’re looking for is how balanced and achievable is our guide for the remainder of the year. And as you think about the two – the top and the bottom line, as you think about the improvement on revenue guidance for the year, the majority of the roughly $140 million, $150 million worth of improvement that we’ve signaled with this guide is coming from our overall performance in Q1. And as John talked about, part of that is coming from onetime COVID, but more importantly, it’s coming from the underlying momentum of the business and the stronger-than-expected recovery. And we will see that momentum play into Q2, which also plays into the improvement as we think about the full year revenue improvement. The other thing I’d drive there is we have been more explicit about FX and the impact for the full year. And we anticipate that on the top line, we’ll have about 100 basis points of benefit from FX on revenue for the full year. So really what we’re reflecting is we’re reflecting the first half strength of the year, recognizing that we have very challenging comps in Q3 and we have three quarters ahead of us to go. From a bottom line perspective, we are looking at an improvement in our bottom line EPS trajectory of $0.45, and that really reflects the performance of Q1. What that does is that it reserves any further favorability that we would see in Q2 to offset any potential dilution from business development deals. And you should think about it as a floor. So as we have looked at this, we’ve looked at it very much as it is balanced and achievable, but it also takes into consideration that we’re early in the year and there is uncertainty regarding the pandemic and uncertainty related to the overall trajectory of where we’re going. But we believe that this is an achievable and balanced view.
Barbara Bodem: Hi, Joseph. Thanks for the question. Hey, what we talked about at the end of last year is that we were triggering a $50 million sort of accelerated business optimization activity. Most of that, over two-thirds of that was going to be coming from sort of reductions in headcount. So, it’s going to come more from the [indiscernible] areas. The balance of it was coming from reprioritization of discretionary spend across the business. So we are on track to deliver that $50 million. It’s roughly equal as you think about it over the course of the year. We did realize significant savings in Q1, which we’ve been, as we talked about last fall as well, reinvested in the business. And we have been spending a lot of time making sure that as we identify opportunities to save or optimize the business that we are reinvesting it behind our growth drivers and in those levers that we think are going to support our mid single-digit top line growth and our acceleration out of the pandemic. So, we are realizing the savings. It’s pretty equal across the course of the year. And we have got mix now between what is coming from sort of [indiscernible] and then what’s coming from other levers.
John Groetelaars: Thanks, Barb. In closing, while we expect the pandemic to continue to impact the global healthcare landscape in the near-term, we remain optimistic about the year ahead and our continued execution on a path toward recovery and normalization. With the diversity of our portfolio, we are well positioned for growth as we navigate this transition throughout fiscal 2021. Over the long-term, we remain committed to driving sustainable and profitable growth, achieving our strategic objectives and unlocking significant value for patients, caregivers and shareholders as we deliver on our mission. So now I would like to open up the call for Q&A.
John Groetelaars: Yes. Thanks, Rick and thanks for the question. Well, we are very pleased with the performance in Q1. It’s really split between accelerated recovery at a pace faster than we expected and that’s really good news. And it was broad-based across all businesses and across all geographies. So even feel better about that knowing how broad-based it was across our entire portfolio. So that was about half the driver of our beat versus consensus. The other half came from some COVID benefit. It’s important to say that it wasn’t a pull forward, but it was rather an expansion of demand that we have been talking about for the last couple of quarters. We have been anticipating and expecting international markets to expand their ICU capacity and that’s exactly what we are seeing out of Europe, particularly in France and Italy in the prior quarter. So hope that helps characterize the nature of the beat, broad-based more rapid acceleration of recovery and some COVID benefit, particularly out of Europe on the ICU expansion category. With respect to the growth driver of new products in the second part of your question, new products in the quarter grew over 20% and $150 million for the quarter. So, very pleased about the performance of that growth engine and its ability to deliver throughout this pandemic. We saw last year in fiscal ‘20 that we beat our expectations on new products. Our pipeline is chock full of new launches this year. We have 10 new launches expected. A great number of those happen in Q2. And if you will recall, Rick, by the time we reach peak revenue of our typical launches, it takes about 2 to 3 years. So what we are really building out is kind of springing the coil to leap us forward into the future because we have so many product launches planned this year. We had 6 last year. We had over 10 this year. And I think that positions the company very well for continued new product performance as we look into the out years.
John Groetelaars: Yes. Thanks, Rick. We have retired the definition of core, non-core. However, in this quarter, we did have $11 million of what we would normally call non-core in the revenue number. And that was due to our partner on the surgical OEM side, who really requested an additional buy-in of inventory. So that was fulfilled in the first quarter.
John Groetelaars: Great question, David. I think if we break out the COVID impact last year and this year, what we are actually seeing is mid single-digit top line growth and 15% EPS growth. And even if we do the similar math and compare ‘19 to ‘21 in our new guide, similar mid-single-digit top line, higher than 15% EPS growth. So I think those underlying to your question, the underlying growth vectors of new products in emerging markets and growth-oriented acquisitions are all delivering throughout this period of time and feel very good about the outlook there. Of course, as you know, as all of our investors know, we had a really strong Q3 last year. So we’re going to have to cycle past that Q3 comp in a couple of quarters. And then I think the ongoing transparency on a constant currency and reported basis, we will demonstrate that strength in that top line performance.
John Groetelaars: Thanks, Dave. I will turn the first part of the call over to Barbara to answer and then I will come back.
John Groetelaars: And then, David, to your question on Bardy, as we’ve said in our opening comments, our prepared comments, we’re continuing to monitor the reimbursement situation closely. And our guidance contemplates various scenarios that can absorb or cover the dilution that was expected from the Bardy deal. So as Barb just mentioned, you can think of this guidance as the floor in those various scenarios of a different party outcome. I am going to really limit any further comments on Bardy going into this call. It’s a really sensitive period of time in light of some pending discussions that will likely take place with [indiscernible] and other industry stakeholders. And for that reason, I don’t think it’s productive to have speculative comments and read into it too much. I would like to say that given the strength of our business and given the strength of our Q1 performance and our rate and our increase in guidance for the full year, we feel very good about the growth of our underlying business and our ability to meet this increased guidance.
John Groetelaars: Yes, great question, Mike. Happy to answer that. Unfortunately, I can’t mention the name of the customer, but it was one of the largest – one of the top three largest hospital systems in the country. And the full end-to-end solution that Hill-Rom was able to bring and our enterprise ability to scale a solution like that is really what made us well positioned to win. So when I say end-to-end, I’m talking about Nurse Call, the middleware to do medical device integration, which came from our EXL acquisition and then the Voalte or mobile communications that also came to that acquisition of Voalte. So that combination of those full – that full communication suite of digital communications is really what made the difference. And having the comments and trust that Hill-Rom was an organization that could scale that type of deployment over a 5- year period, it would go up there. I haven’t – didn’t have a chance to go back and confirm, I believe this is our single largest deal that the company has ever done as part of one contract. So it was a big win. And we expect it to provide a nice backlog of orders and future revenue as we recognize revenue over the next 5 years.
John Groetelaars: Yes. Our going-in proposition there, Mike, was to lead that sales organization to its own and to invest in it and then separately add the channels that we have in primary care and Welch Allyn to complement it. So that was our approach. Going in, that is our approach.
John Groetelaars: But again, thanks for the question. I just want to reiterate that our focus is on long-term shareholder value. And in any scenario related to acquisitions or related to things that are going on in our core business, our overwhelming commitment is to drive double-digit EPS growth and mid-single-digit top line growth. And we’ll manage accordingly in various scenarios.
John Groetelaars: Yes. Thanks, Matt, for the question. Yes, so what I tried to indicate in the past was that we would probably see that ICU expansion come in lumpy, right? It’s going to come in at times in a quarter, and it’s going to come in hot and heavy and feel kind of like a onetime. And then it might be off for a quarter and then might come back a quarter after that. So our current outlook and it’s incorporated into our guidance, so we do expect another strong performance out of Europe in the bed category. It’s – we see it in our backlog. We do expect another strong performance out of Europe in that category for ICU expansion requirements. So this will be a couple of quarters in a row now where we’re seeing it. And it’s a little bit hard to predict longer term, say, beyond a couple of quarters, because that visibility is not there when the timing is going to happen. However, from a broader aperture or broader time frame point of view, in over a multiyear period, that growth opportunity is definitely there, we believe. We have – we were hesitant to call it out back in the middle of last year. And then we saw enough data to give us the confidence that it was real. And now we are seeing it showing up in the results. So it will, at times, come in lumpy. We’ll try to give investors a great heads-up to when we’re seeing it coming and incorporate that into our guidance. But we see that – at this point, we see it obviously, in Q1. We see it again a little bit in Q2 attenuating from Q1. And then we just don’t have clear enough visibility to call it out yet in the back half of the year.
John Groetelaars: Yes. So, we are very pleased about the deal that we just discussed and the orders that are coming in. However, from a recognized revenue point of view, Care Comm was relatively flat to last quarter. It’s gradually recovering. And as our access improves – but during the last quarter, access into hospitals and even in the current period is very limited. So our ability to complete installations and recognize revenue has been stalled. However, the pandemic continues to wane and hospitalization has continued to drop. We’re very optimistic about the back half of the year and seeing that business come back to pre-COVID levels.
John Groetelaars: Yes. Thanks for the question, Matt. The whole premise of the technology is to provide better access for patients. So you don’t need to see an ophthalmologist to have their annual retinal exam. And putting it in the hand of either a primary care physician’s office or, in this case, a retail pharmacy location helps us achieve both the promise of the technology married up with the improvement in the sales channel or the access channel. So this is an exciting opportunity for us. I’m unable to announce who the partner is, but it’s one of the largest chains in the country. And we are very pleased about that partnership. And we’re in the early phases of rolling that out and looking forward to a ramp of that activity in the second half of the year.
John Groetelaars: Yes. I think this is a well-covered topic by a lot of the sell-side analysts. So I’m really, as mentioned, I am not going to actively – we are actively monitoring developments on reimbursement and we will provide an update when more definitive information becomes available.
John Groetelaars: Well, thank you all for your questions today and really was a great quarter and a great start to our year. Momentum is building. We feel very good about the growth drivers that we have been investing in over the last several years and it’s really leading to great margin expansion and sustainable durable growth. So we are confident moving forward and thank you all for joining our call.
