José E. Almeida: Matt, good morning. We have three factories in Puerto Rico. And I think our lowest percentage of operating capacity right now is at probably around 70% to 80%, okay? So, we will have very little impact in the first quarter. We're going to have on-hand inventory of those products towards the end of January, meaning on-hand, I mean product in the inventory that can be shipped. So nothing that we know today would prevent us from having inventory position be well-positioned by the end of January. That doesn't mean that you're not selling the product, meaning that we have a pretty good inventory levels at that moment in time. So, I will say the impact in the first quarter is small. But I want to make sure that people understand that the infrastructure in Puerto Rico is devastated. So we are operating under emergency situation with generators, and we have water in our plants and everything else. So the plants are fully operational, but we need to make sure the federal government continues to provide the support for the recovery of the island. We have one of the plants already going on to the grid, hopefully by the end of this week. So, as we continue to see progress, our confidence becomes even stronger. But based on what we know today, very little impact in the first quarter.
José E. Almeida: Yeah, we are expecting low single digits in the HD business. But one thing that we have done is, we anniversary some issues that we had in dialyzers on a global basis, primarily outside the U.S., where we encountered significant competition and price erosion that has been anniversaried, but also, we're the second largest manufacturer of dialyzers in the world, so we have the ability to compete very effectively outside the U.S., and I think this is one of the changes in mindset from the old Baxter to the new Baxter. You operate where you can and make sure that manufacturing is a strategic weapon for the company. So, when we look at the market, we can provide the market with the great products outside the U.S., in a very cost-effective manner and also profitably. So, we want to make sure that we participate. You know previously here in the company we probably did not have that window into the opportunity. So what you're seeing right now is the pick-up of our dialyzer business outside the U.S. markets and the stabilization of our monitor sales, as well. So, we feel cautiously optimistic and happy with the turnaround in the HD business.
José E. Almeida: Bob, we always prefer to invest the money back into the company. In this case, the cash flow of the company into acquisitions. When it is not possible, we're going to buy shares back, okay? But I want to make sure there is not an exclusivity to my statement, meaning that those are not mutually exclusive. We will do both of them because I think our cash position and our ambitions in terms of targets, we can do both, buy shares and continue to pursue M&As. I would say that large acquisitions are very difficult to combine, and the return-on-invested capital that they bring along is marginal. So, we are focusing on molecule purchasing. We have a lot of those in process right now, tuck-ins, product lines from companies are divesting, things such as this to augment our growth in the long-term, and augment our four pillars of growth in our business, which is the pharmaceutical business, the critical care, the surgical, as well as parts of our renal area, primarily areas that will be beneficial to us outside the U.S. in terms of buying clinics and things like that. So, if we find acquisitions in these areas where we're going to execute and we have a brand-new M&A team and we see some really good momentum there. But, it is not exclusively one or the other. Be sure that we will continue to apply our cash flow, our growing cash flow to share buyback and to deliver value to our shareholders. I would say maximized value for our shareholders.
José E. Almeida: Mike, I would say that one thing that we have changed at Baxter is our view of supply chain. And this has changed significantly in the last six months. And the reason is that we not only now are preparing to come into the U.S. with significant volume in LVPs to help assure our current customers that they will have LVPs. So, we do have that capability coming from other plants in the Americas, and that has already advanced to a point that we're going to start seeing that volume coming into secure volume and help guarantee volume for our current customers in the first quarter of 2018. But, also, volume that will serve to consistently meet the necessities of customers that are not ours in a situation like B. Braun. So, we are selling every LVP that we have today. I know the situation in the U.S. is not desirable from the point of view of the providers with the current – the competitor that you just mentioned having quality issues or supply issues. I don't know which one is what, but I know that we are doing everything we can. But in the future, to be able to capitalize on this, we are bringing significant volume into the U.S., now that it has been redirected permanently, permanently from other parts of the world to the U.S. in a very cost-effective manner and also it is approved by the agency. In terms of the fourth quarter, I think Jay was clear about the upside that we have in cyclophosphamide, as we don't see a third competitor or fourth competitor coming to that market, so, we'll be able to offset the Hurricane Maria impact. But once you clear that impact, we also are making provisions so we can have enough SVPs. So, let me clarify what SVP is. It's small volume parenterals, and that's the product made in Puerto Rico. Puerto Rico does not make one-liter bags, does not make 500-mL neither 250-mL bags. Okay? So, separate both of them. I think there's some misinformation going around, spread by other competitors about what makes what and who makes what. So, we want to make sure that people know. We also are augmenting volume and production of SVPs coming out of Puerto Rico to be able to satisfy not only current customers, future customers. So, we see the Solutions business in the U.S. as a good business; therefore, we made some permanent decisions in allocation of capacity back into the U.S. to augment current contracts and future contracts.
José E. Almeida: That's what we highlighted, we're not going to repeat, but was a contractual paid to us. And I'll pass it on to Jay to answer the second part of your question.
José E. Almeida: David, I think we don't know the extent of other people's problems, and unlike other competitors, we will not speculate what their problems are. But, what we can say is what we are preparing to do. We are preparing to bring to the U.S. a strong volume of LVPs in the first quarter. It's starting in the first quarter, coming from one of our factories in the Americas that is approved to ship into the U.S. already. And that will not only help secure volume for our current customers, but also open our ability to compete for secured volume for other customers, which currently are not our customers. So, I'm not saying that we're going to be able to do it. I'm saying that we have the opportunity in front of us. And knowing our Baxter U.S. team, led by Scott Luce, I would say that I have full confidence that team can deliver on the opportunities.
José E. Almeida: David, what we said in July about the LRP has not changed. But we would like not today to provide guidance into 2018. So, we will be tuning first week of February, we'll tell you all about 2018. But today, I think we should focus on the third quarter of this year, which we finished, and the quarter coming up, which we're currently on the fourth quarter of 2017. Let me comment on the first part of the question of Claris, and I think Jay can talk about the cost, if there's something to add. We have already responded and are on schedule to deliver on every promise we made to the agency to address their concerns on every observation. So, to summarize, we are on the good path of addressing, from our perspective, the issues that have been raised by the agency. Okay? We knew some of those issues ahead of time. And we already had plans, before we closed this deal, that we're going to put Baxter quality systems in place. We had no doubt about that. We are doing everything we can accelerating the pace to put those in place. We feel that the value of the acquisition is still very much on target, and the value proposition has not changed, which is quality, low cost, and availability of product. And I think the amount of the resources that we have deployed to Claris to resolve these issues and improve their quality systems has been second to none. Baxter does a great job in mobilizing and addressing a crisis, and they did a pretty good job. So now we feel very comfortable that everything that we're doing, we're seeing the effect and we've seen the effect in a positive manner. Remember I speak from our behalf, not on behalf for the agency. Second thing, the amount of money that is going to be used to remediate the quality issues that we have, that we already had most of this cost predicted, we don't think at this point in time, I'll pass on to Jay, there will be something of large extent. Because, first, we know some of them are not expensive to fix. It's just procedural things that we have to do, but I will pass it on to Jay if he has anything else to add.
José E. Almeida: Innovation is picking-up momentum at the company. I would say that bringing Sumant on board was a big victory for us, and he's starting to make a big difference in how we see innovation. I would say it is playing 19-20 is more of a play there. But we're making everything we can today. Actually, just look at our R&D spending. It was a little up on a sequential basis, and the reason for that is, we're going after some more clinical trials, something the company has shied away in the past of doing. So we're going more after clinical trials, like TheraNova. We have clinical trials in a couple of different places. We are spending more money in our infusion systems. As you know, we have a new version to be submitted to the agency and then to be released hopefully next year, of our spectrum, SIGMA Spectrum. We have new platforms coming up in 2020. We have our new CRRT machine coming to the U.S. in 2019. We have new filtration systems going in for different types of toxins. Going to be launched in 2019 and 2020. So we have the momentum going. I think the biggest challenge that we have is to make sure that we balance the spending in R&D with the spending in the infrastructure of R&D. So, as we continue to modernize and bring the right people to the company to help cement this innovation, we don't get ahead of ourselves in creating more R&D centers, which we're not going to do. As a matter of fact, we're going to reduce the amount of spending in infrastructure and increase the spending in product development. So, we just want to keep transparency and give you, on a quarterly basis, an update of some of our advancements in innovation, which is the next thing for Baxter to be successful, is to combine the significant transformation of the business costs with the innovation, to deliver the best benefit for our shareholders.
José E. Almeida: M&A follows a strategy. We don't have an M&A strategy per se. We have a strategy for every business of the company. And M&A is following that. In the past, we had those two not very well coupled and now we do. Our strategy for the company is expansion inorganically, not only in the U.S., but across all regions. In Europe, as well as Asia with focus in China. And we have the people being put in place to be able to scout those opportunities. We have an M&A team that is focused in bringing more deals. I'm seeing more deals now in the pipeline than I have seen before, but not deals that are – more relevant deals. Deals that have higher probability to be executed in a very large and very fast, by the way, process going on in our pharmaceutical groups, our pharmaceutical group led by Bob, Robert Felicelli. Now, it's time to accelerate and we have identified a significant amount of opportunities in their group for growth. So, inorganically, by the way. And so, now I feel a bit more comfortable that we have the right structure and the right strategy for the company to execute on inorganic opportunities.
José E. Almeida: Our call points go from Hospital to Home. In the Hospital side, we have, in the U.S. and large geographies around the globe, a very good, I would say, probably one of the best key account management groups in the industry. So, our ability to put things in contract, private label products, primarily drugs for GPOs, becomes a real strength when you're looking at these small molecules and how you bring them online. So, look at Claris. With Claris benefited from Scott Luce's opportunities in the U.S. Scott runs our business in the U.S. sales for the Hospital business and immediately got some accretion going on with the Claris molecules in the U.S. So, that is a sweet spot for us. We will shy away, at least in the beginning, to go into spaces that you have to create a brand new sales force with no synergies because the value of those acquisitions are quite dilutive to begin with. Then you look at the Home. We have a sales force to call on home in our Renal business, our PD business, with significant penetration in the U.S. So, the ability to put more on their bag is important to us, and is also an opportunity. So, the call points in Surgery, for instance, we have – we are in the ORs, but we need to find the sweet spot in the ORs with our sales reps can be relevant. So, we're not going to look into generic instrumentation and laparoscopy stuff because those things the market is saturated with that. There are companies that own that space and we have no value there. But we add value to niche operations, niche spaces of therapies or procedures that we can probably have our sales force scanned it back. So, we will see some movement in terms of inorganic opportunities in the future that capitalize on our sales force and the hospital surgery-wise, where we put more products in their bags and they will probably do a great job on that.
José E. Almeida: Larry, just want to clarify. What is called emerging markets is 23% for Baxter. So, you can see Baxter different than other companies, that are called peers, have a pretty high penetration in those markets. Most of the products we sell in emerging markets are not devices, per se, they are renal and they are fluids, okay? So, when we look at market growth rates, and you said sluggish in the first half, we were just growing in market rates for the markets we compete. We had a pretty strong third quarter with, for instance, China at 7%, okay? That was a pretty good market growth for us. We do have depressed numbers in emerging markets because it's the place we exited the most of our IP business. So, places like Turkey, like a reduction in volumes in the Middle East, Venezuela, parts of Latin America, as well as parts of Greece, that we took volume down. India, we got out of 100% of Fluids business in India. That's where you see a depressed number. When you remove those, you still are pretty good, strong underlying. So, having a 7% growth in China, it is a great growth for us, because in China we are in peritoneal dialysis, nutrition, and IV fluids and anesthesia gases, okay? So, these are the businesses we have there. We do a great job. We have market share leadership in almost everything we participate in China and China is completely – is going through a complete transformation where we're going to bring more value-added fluids to the market instead of just your regular dextrose and saline. So, I feel really strong about China in our LRP crossing the billion-dollar mark, which I think is a challenge, but is going to be a doable – doable challenge to the Chinese team.
José E. Almeida: I think the market dynamics will not change in the long term. Okay? I believe that the leadership positions that we have today become the same going forward three, four years out when you think about innovations that we are bringing to the marketplace in PD with point of care, and also the CRRT business with us launching our new Prismax platform in the U.S., as well as extracorporeal stuff that we're going to be launching in the U.S. So, I would say that, I can't comment on why people do things. They are not related to Baxter. So I'm not making a judgment on why one company bought another one. I just don't see the reason why that would affect our market in the short and long term, primarily because, to date, we have market share leadership in CRRT, and we're not letting up on innovation. And in PD, the same thing. So, we want to make sure that our investors understand that we have a very strong pipeline going forward, and the acquisition or the merger of these two companies are quite immaterial to us at the moment, the way we see it.
José E. Almeida: I just want to start with the end. I will not – I want our investors to understand that the POC, point of care is not a driver of our business, neither is something that will transform the business and change the growth rate of the business in any way, shape, or form. Remember, we are the market share leaders in PD around the globe. And so, for that purpose, the growth rates of the market are primarily dictated by the growth of the disease and our growth. So, I would say that you will continue to see a growth in patients. The patient growth has been healthy for us, and we think we'll continue to become healthier as we move forward. And the HD negative tenders that we either did not participate or had a significant price impact, we will anniversary. So, the Renal business is in good shape, and we will save some of the news for 2018 for February when we give guidance.
José E. Almeida: Larry, what we find is, extracorporeal technology has evolved, and our know-how in membranes and filtration systems help us get there faster. So, if you combine the fact that a patient who is in continues renal replacement therapy in an ICU, will have the probability of developing multi-organ failure. Starting with the kidneys and you go to lung, liver. We are developing filtration systems or membranes specifically for that. So the Sepsis one is, there are some toxins that our oXiris product will filter. And is successful in Japan, which is making this changes and creating the momentum across the globe, all the way coming to the U.S. We have a lung product that we currently distribute today, which is very effective. We also have MARS. Which is used – I was at Emory University the other day, and extensively used there for treatment of liver toxins. And is used in conjunction with our current CRRT product, which is in the market, Prismaflex, today. So, we really like that space. We have a new general manager for this business on a global basis. As a matter of fact, I'm going to see some revised plans this week in terms of how to expand this technology a little faster and a little deeper into markets. But we're excited about those extracorporeal technologies using the current technology that we have for CRRT, but also banking on Prismax, which is the new platform coming out today – coming out in the U.S., probably sometime in 2019.
James K. Saccaro: Yeah, I mean, as we think about the second half of the year relative to forecast, while we have seen a fairly meaningful sales improvement relative to foreign exchange, the actual drop-through has been fairly low. So, maybe a penny or two on the bottom-line. And I bet – I would characterize that as a result of a couple of things. One is, given that a lot of this strength comes from Euro strength, we have a very large European cost base in place. So, we don't see a great benefit from the translation back of dollars of increasing Euro performance. Now, we are working on our European cost base, and that will improve over time, but, the benefit of a stronger Euro is a bit muted. The other factor that comes into play when we think about foreign exchange is we have had – we have put on hedge positions over the last six quarters, hedging out Euro and other currencies, and so, we have a little bit of an offset. As the Euro strengthens, our translation improves, but that's offset a little bit by lower gains in terms of foreign exchange on the hedge positions that we have. So, in combination, I would say that while we did see a sales impact, we didn't see an intended drop-through to the bottom line, for the most part. And looking out to 2018, clearly there is some currency strength that we're evaluating that could have an impact, but there are a lot of different factors in play as we look to 2018.
James K. Saccaro: Yeah, certainly. The tax rate has trended favorably relative to our expectations. In the third quarter relative to out-performance, tax rate contributed about a penny. And then, again, in the fourth quarter, we're seeing some positive performance from tax rate. The biggest driver of this relates to FAS 123-R, which is the new stock compensation guidance. At this point, it's difficult to forecast the long-term impact of that, because to a large extent, it's dictated by auctions exercise and the nature of those auctions, in terms of their value relative to what's anticipated by the Black-Scholes model. So, it's hard to say what the tax rate impact will be in 2018 based on these items, but we're certainly pleased with the performance that we've seen in 2017 related to this item.
James K. Saccaro: Really not much. I mean, we have no material changes to our financial cost projections for the business. I think Joe summed up the situation very well.
James K. Saccaro: Certainly. The primary driver, as you noted, of the sales deceleration in the fourth quarter relates to the $70 million impact from Hurricane Maria. But beyond that, as we think about comparison Q3 to Q4, as Joe mentioned in his answer to a question, we did have about $20 million related to a contract buyout, which we don't anticipate repeating in the fourth quarter. That was more of a one-time item, per se, or a specific to the third quarter, I should say, item. And so, if you adjust for that the growth rate essentially comes down a point. We had anticipated that. It was no surprise, but it was part of the forecast that we put together. So, what I would say, generally, is we – when we guided in July of this year, we said overall the business is a 4% grower from 2017 to 2020. In many cases, there are quarterly fluctuations. The first quarter was above that rate, the second quarter was below, the third quarter was above, and the fourth quarter we expect to be in line, but for the Hurricane Maria impact. So, I think largely we're growing a little bit faster than our end markets. And then what we do is we go through a bottoms-up forecast process and isolate things like austerity measure impacts and one-time buyouts, and so on, and put together the forecast. So, really, that's the essential commentary, I think, thinking about the fourth quarter, but no material change in trends, per se. Continue to grow in line with our long-term expectations.
James K. Saccaro: Sure. Really, working capital and I would say, generally speaking, cash flow performance has been a core area of focus of the entire organization. And I think we're really pleased with the progress. On the working capital front, frankly, it's been all three areas that have been squarely in our focus. Inventory management, days payable, and DSO. And in the third quarter, we had good performance across all three. I think the quarter ends with days payable of 49, days sales outstanding of approximately 55 days, and inventory on hand in the 90's. Now, certainly, we want to make sure we have adequate inventory on hand and, I think with the hurricanes and so on, that number may be a little bit low relative to standard levels. So, we'll look to rebuild the days inventory on hand. But overall, very pleased with the progress. We have initiatives across each of those three areas, along with a clear focus on CapEx with a zero-based budgeting process for CapEx. And it's just nice to see them all paying dividends.
