Mary Kay Ladone: Thanks, Sean.  Good morning everyone, and welcome to our Q3 2010 Earnings Conference Call.  Joining me today are Bob Parkinson, CEO and Chairman of Baxter International; and Bob Hombach, Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, let me remind you that this presentation, including comments regarding or financial outlook, new product development and regulatory matters contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties and of course, our actual results could different materially from our current expectations. Please refer to today’s press release and our FEC Filing for more details concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. In addition, in today’s call, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Baxter’s ongoing business performance.  A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures being discussed today to the comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings release issue this morning and available on our website. Now, I’d like to turn the call over to Bob Parkinson.
Mary Kay Ladone: Yeah, this is Mary Kay.  I’d add that we had a couple comps last year in the U.S. where I think we saw double digits, 11% growth in the fourth quarter.  So you should expect Q4 sales in the Recombinate category to actually be lower than the prior year.  And that’s the result of the destocking opportunity that Bob is talking about as well as the UK tender.
Mary Kay Ladone: No.  I think that’s pretty accurate.  You know, we have seen some good growth coming out of the PPTA data that you all see as well as, and we’ve talked about this in the past, we track our own redistribution data which is showing an acceleration in volume as well, which is sales of our product going from the distributors into the – to the end users and into the hospitals channel.
Mary Kay Ladone: Yeah.  It had a 7-point impact overall on the Antibody Therapy Line.  And that’s the combination of Winrow and Healthcare Reform.
Mary Kay Ladone: And then there’s the increase in the discount to those, and 340B entities that were already a 340B entity.  And then there’s these new eligible entities that Bob is talking about where we believe about 40% have already off.  And that was the biggest piece of our Healthcare Reform impact.
Mary Kay Ladone: Yeah.  I think, Bruce, too if you go back to our investor conference, we talked about Recombinate sales growth and in the, I think, 6 to 8 percent range.  But that assumes slower growth here in the U.S. in the mid-single digits, probably 4 to 5% range.
Mary Kay Ladone: Yeah Dave, I would add, you know, there was a lot of assumptions that went into our original guidance reduction and if you remember, we had said at that time that the market growth with low single digits, clearly we’re seeing that market growth has accelerated mid-single digits as well as we have assumed additional share loss, which obviously we’re not seeing that.
Mary Kay Ladone: And I would just add, Mike, you know, IV solutions year to date are up double digits in the U.S.  That’s driven by some of the market share gains I think Bob’s discussing as well as the pricing environment.  And then Bob mentioned the nutritional competitive issue that we’re picking up some share there.
Robert Parkinson: We can hear you loud and clear.  Great.  Good morning.  I just wanted to start out with some question about Biosciences.  First of all, kind of the slight change in thoughts in the Recombinate line. First of all, from a macro perspective, did we read into what you’re saying that that line item should decelerate from the 2% growth that you put here in the third quarter?  And then more specifically, could you, if you would, quantify the impact of the UK tender and of the Recombinate’s inventory reduction and how long that might be addressed?  Thanks.
Robert Parkinson: Let me start and then Bob and Mary Kay and maybe add some additional information to try to be helpful. You know, if you adjust for, as we said on the comment, both the UK tender and reduction in Recombinate inventories in the U.S., overall Recombinate sales globally grew and I’d say the 7 to 8% range in Q3, which is pretty consistent to what it’s been running.  Our sales outside the U.S. have been adjusted for the UK tender.  In all other OUS markets, that actually grew fairly strong double digits.  So as the momentum in the business continues, the loss of the volume in the UK tender clearly is meaningful.  I think we had annualized sales in the UK, Mary Kay correct me, I think we had approximately $100 million, a little bit over that, a little bit. But frankly, Bob, how much of that is what we ultimately lose is still being sorted out, you know, that tender occurred in two different ways and not all locations have converted.  Obviously, we’re watching that very closely over time in terms of things like inhibitor formation and the like. Relative to the dynamic in the U.S. and this is really a continued effect of conversion from Recombinate, actually ADVATE in the U.S. in third quarter, Recombinate grew double digits.  And so it’s evident that a couple of our wholesalers are overstocked on Recombinate and they’ve reduced their inventories.  Where I would tell you for the fourth quarter, we would expect that to continue in answer to your question. So as we move into the fourth quarter, that inventory reduction I described will continue.  We’re going to continue to incur the impact of the U.K. tender.  But the rest of the dynamics globally of the Recombinate Business and the Hemophilia Business, I think continued to be pretty strong.
Robert Parkinson: Yeah.  There was really little to no impact our third quarter results, Bob, as a result of that.  We reflected modest impact in our fourth quarter guidance that Bob took you through.  I think it’s still too early to project what the longer-term impact of that will be as various regulators are taking various position on that and so on.  So you’re probably as close to that as we are.  But in terms of our own results, little to no impact on the third quarter, and modest projections in Q4.
Robert Parkinson: Well, we’re not going to quantify, you know, existing product capacity, Christine.  I mean, we have been in our continuing ramp up production to convert as many of the install base of the colleagues as we possibly can over the next two years.  You know, it’s still too early to tell like think in terms of what the share shifts may or may not be overtime but we’re doing everything we can, putting all the resources and ramping it up as significantly as we can.  I’ll just leave it a that.
Robert Parkinson: Yeah.  I think our view on that is then looking more at the rolling flow month data versus the month-to-month or quarter-to-quarter is kind of a better view.  But yeah, I think that’s kind of mid-to-high single digits for underlying growth is reasonably accurate.
Robert Parkinson: Really, I think that the activities are very much in line with that we’re messaging for the starting and yeah, there are contracts that involve rebates savings, but no, I think what we’ve executed really over the last three to six months here has been very much in line with what we described to all of you at the outset.
Robert Parkinson: Well, I think the actions we’ve taken clearly were very effective very quickly.  You know, the price premium on GAMMAGUARD clearly we would close that very significantly and the market was very, very responsive to that, not only in terms of retaining volume in the short term, but allowing us to secure contracts as I mentioned in my comments, to the majority of our U.S hospital business through the end of the year 2011. So think that’s probably the primary aspect of the stronger volume that we reported in the third quarter in the U.S.  Clearly volumes outside the United States continues to grow very nicely.
Robert Parkinson: Yeah.  I would just add on R&D a couple of things.  One, from a foreign exchange standpoint, R&D spent almost 50 percent of it is outside the U.S. primary in Europe so that has a slightly bigger impact on the R&D line than it would have on SG&A and others. The other thing I would say is the exploratory funding which is modest generally is really where we rationalize this initially.  Plus we took a charge in the fourth quarter of 2009 to rationalize some of our R&D operations primarily on the device side and so we’re seeing the full benefits of that coming through as well.  I think those two factors have driven that down. On the SG&A side in terms of sustainability, the discretionary spend actions that we’ve taken, you know, as we indicated, we’re really focused on the back office lines to try to constrain spending particularly around headcount growth there.  But we continue to fund the promotional activities around demand creation and new product launches that we think are going to be important to drive top line going forward.  So we don’t think we compromise that aspect of our spend at all here and still room to continue to drive some cost reductions.
Robert Parkinson: Yeah.  Let me kick this off, Mike.  This is Bob Parkinson.  There’s a number of different pieces.  Obviously first of all, at a high level we’re very pleased with the growth of our Med business particularly in the U.S.  We were advantaged in the quarter come degree by some competitive supply issues, particularly area of nutritionals and some of our multi-source generics and so on. I also commented in my prepared comments and I high the contract that we signed with Novation.  And we probably picked up a little bit of business there as well, which certainly is sustainable going forward. So you know, the nutritional business continues to do very well, not just in the U.S. but on a global basis, which is helpful as you know, in terms of margin profile.  And what are the pieces that I’m missing?  Those are really the biggest pieces. We’ve definitely seen some good pricing improvement in the base IV business and as I mentioned in my comments, there’s some competitor issues on the nutritional in the U.S. that might have provided an opportunity there as well.
Robert Parkinson: And on the infusion system front, we have some competitive wins with the spectrum pump that continues to do very well on the marketplace.  So while customers are currently evaluating their options as we provided them with the COLLEAGUE transition guide only in September here, during the quarter, again we did see some competitive wins and some nice growth with the spectrum pump
Robert Parkinson: Well, without being to specific, for a lot of reasons.  Let me just give you some kind of general direction, Mike, which hopefully will be helpful.  You know, we had going into all this, let’s say a year ago, probably I would say, high single digits kind of price premium on GAMMAGARD versus the rest of the products in the market; that premium has closed significantly.  We still are the premium product, but that premium is closed fairly significantly.  And I would tell you the contracts that I reference that we’ve now signed extending through the end of 2011 had really been at the what I call the touch-up price, okay, so we didn’t need to offer additional price discounts to secure that volume.  So hopefully, that gives you enough input; you can kind of put your arms around it.
Robert Parkinson: Yeah, great question Rick, and again, I’m not going to quantify the potential margin enhancement opportunity at this stage.  Having said that, clearly, I wouldn’t have made this change if I didn’t think there weren’t meaningful opportunities here. And I would start with by saying that I think the biggest opportunity is as much effectiveness, enhancing our effectiveness as it is in terms of taking cost down.  Both are opportunities, but let me give you some examples of that. I mean, first of all, bundling, you mentioned that.  I don’t see any bundling opportunities.  In terms of go to market, detailing PD solutions to nephrologists will always remain as separate and distinct activity for detailing SUPRANE to an anesthesiologist, okay?  Those will remain separate in and distinct.  But I think in the backend of the business, starting with manufacturing, okay, you don’t go in very few of our solution plants around the world, manufacture both IV solutions, and PD Solutions, okay?  Manufacturing was a separate organization that also reported to me, and now that has reported in to Rob as part of the consolidation of renal and med del.  So I think the integration of manufacturing and supply chain, where there are, as I commented, significant overlap and similarities between the renal business and the IV business.  And again, not just on the solutions, but on the disposables sets, and the instrumentation, whether that’s an infusion pump, or a home choice cycler, tremendous synergies there. The strategic objective of this is really to enhance effectiveness, and I’ll just give you one example and what not, then I’ll stop and not be labor the point.  But in terms of R&D productivity.  Okay, to focus our R&D efforts, and integrate where historically we’ve had kind of fragmented R&D supporting the renal business versus the net Dell business, given the fact that the core technology are often times very similar, I believe by bringing those together, there are significant opportunities to enhance our new product development, frankly.  And so, clearly that has an effect over time on accelerating the revenue line. Now having said that, I think there also are structural synergies, cost synergies that over time will figure out how to take cost out as well.  So this is really dual objectives.  How do we enhance our effectiveness, there are many ways.  I think we can enhance our top line growth while taking structural cost out of the business and I think Rob, for a lot of reasons is the perfect guy to oversee those.
Robert Parkinson: Yeah, well a couple of – couple of comments.  Yeah, we are seeing encouraging signs that there already is movement.  If you look at our PD patient growth in the U.S. through the first three quarters of the year, it’s the strongest that it’s been in years.  And I think the primary driver for that is the market getting ready for reimbursement change, and I do think you’re right Rick, it will be gradual over time, but it will be sustained.  And it will be meaningful.  And so yeah, we’re starting to see all ready encouraging metrics that would indicate that that’s coming about.  It’s interesting as you just read articles, even on the late press in [inaudible], this theme of dialysis in the home.  Frankly, whether that’s PD, which clearly plays to a vaster strength, or home [inaudible] dialysis which is our number 1 on our D program in the renal business, are clearly aligned with that trend that’s under way.  I think it should be coming increasingly recognized.  There’s a article just a couple of weeks ago, I think in the personal section of the Wall Street Journal, that did a good job of describing some of the dynamics there.  Whether it’s patient convenience, whether it’s cost or delivering the therapy or at the end of the day, enhancement of clinical outcomes, there’s a lot more people, both patients and [inaudible] that are thinking about providing these treatments in the home environment.  So this macro trend, if you will, clearly is playing into the strategies that we’ve defined in the renal business.  But, back to the last part of your question.  You know, too early to quantify this, but I think it will over time continue to accelerate the growth of renal, which is, frankly, the best that we’ve been placed in over the last few years.  You know, the renal business as you know, has been relatively flat over the last few years, but we felt that there was long-term change that existed here, and we’re at the early stages of it, so we’re encouraged by those developments.
Robert Parkinson: Yeah, I mean, look Rick, nothing new on the BD, MNA, from an acquisition front, other than our intent which continues to be what I’ve described before.  I spend a lot more of my time on this, clearly we have the financial attitude to do some things, and I’m hopeful going forward that we will.  But, they’re not the kind of things you can become aware of until we finalize them and communicate them.  But the strategic intact, remains there, and the financial flexibility to support that clearly is there as well.
Robert Parkinson: I really can’t add anything to that.  The mix component, clearly the margin differences of our core businesses remain fairly significant with the higher margin in bio science business, so clearly, stabilizing the growth, particularly focused on plasma proteins is critical there.  So, we’ll see how the business mix and the business unit mix play out going forward.  You know, the business units, our medical products business, nutritional, [inaudible] and so on, as you know, continue to be promotional priority, so to a degree, our business units and businesses that are higher margin can grow faster that continues to be the areas of focus.
Robert Parkinson: I think it continues to be of significant strategic interest to us, okay?  And we talked about this before, clearly there’s been fix and starts with last year’s H1N1 situation, and so on and so forth.  But even in the third quarter, and I commended on this, our collaboration with [inaudible].  I believe that we are going to figure out ways to monetize our [inaudible] technology, but in ways that aren’t necessarily conventional in terms of producing and selling directly to marketer on vaccines.  And I think the collaboration with [inaudible] is an example of that, we continue to have dialog with other countries who are, and continue to be focused on preparedness, and with not so much in H1N1, but still the concern about an [inaudible] where our technology is, so particular advantages.  Think the registration or the licensure in the third quarter in Europe, the [inaudible] cell, our influenza vaccine is also very encouraging.  And we’re going to move forward to get that product registered throughout the world, including the U.S., and participate in that market as well. Then there are some other vaccines which are – which we commented on in our last investor conference that are in our pipeline, and so on.  So I continue to be very interested, Larry, in the vaccines business.  And so I know, looking at the sales, the revenue results every quarter, and so on, a mixed bag, based upon what is particularly happening at that point in time, but don’t interrupt that as any less interest in terms of this strategic value to this business.
Robert Parkinson: Yeah, look, we haven’t really incurred any benefit from that change.  It was just recent and in terms of the med Dell renal integration in the medical products, if that was your question, Matt.  But – and we haven’t quantified specifically what the opportunity there is, long-term, but as I commented, I think it was in response to Rick’s question earlier, you know, you don’t make structural changes organizationally lightly, okay?  Because it impacts a lot of things, and we would not, have not done it if we didn’t think there was not material opportunity that was represented by this organization change.  And as I said before, it’s going to manifest itself in a couple of different ways.  I think enhanced R&D productivity, improved commercial focus and prioritization.  It will help accelerate the growth of our revenue line over time.  But there also are structural cost advantages that will be incurred where we have overlap and redundancies, in a lot of the back end components of getting product to market, in both the renal and the medication delivery business, both in the U.S. and on a global basis.  So that benefit will cascade out  over time, it will be evolutionary, but again, maybe the close where I started here, we wouldn’t have done it if we didn’t think the opportunity was reasonably material over time.  But I think it’s premature to quantify that.
Robert Parkinson: Yeah, I mean, we’ve been replacing [inaudible] with [inaudible] now for the better part of the last year since we did the deal.  I think with [inaudible], clearly that’s accelerated to some degree as a result of the consent order that was finalized a couple of months ago.  It’s very early on, we’ve seen very little, if any, share shift frankly.  In other words, hospitals opting to go to a competitor versus waiting for their [inaudible] pumps and so on.  But I would emphasize that’s still early, so as we go into the fourth quarter, Mary, can you help me out here, are there some dynamics last year, I don’t want to miss…
Robert Parkinson: Yeah, I mean, a customers are just now getting indication of a early indication.  The actual activity is going to be in 2011 before we really see any actual swap outs or refunds, and so on.  Which will be something we have to factor into our guidance for 2011.
Robert Parkinson: Well, I don’t want to give you a number.  I think actually over time, they’ll be a new metric.  It won’t be PD penetration; it will be home therapy penetration.  And that’s a orientation that’s alive with our strategic intact with the development of home HD, very much aligned with the change of reimbursement practice.  So I think the historic metric of PD penetration will become increasingly passive.
Robert Parkinson: Yeah, I would say in the third quarter, collections were still down year-over-year.  So at this point, we’ve made no change to collections.
Robert Parkinson: That’s what we’re finalizing with the FDA, we just submitted to them the finalized IDE, and once that’s accepted we can provide you with the details on that clinical trial design.
Robert Parkinson: I don’t believe that we believe that there’s any uncertainty at this point.  We believe it’s a 5, 10-K based on our discussion with the FDA.
Robert Hombach: Yeah, Bruce, this is Bob Hombach.  We continue to accrue towards the number that we’ve been projecting at this point.  We’re still at a stage where the visibility to how many hospitals are actually going to avail themselves to the opportunity to sign up for 340B is still not crystal clear.  You know, we projected about 40% of those who could have applied, have applied, but there still is time for them to do that as we approach the end of the year.  So unfortunately, this one is not going to become clear to us towards the end of the year, and maybe not even by the end of the year.  So at this point we continue to accrue towards what we originally projected.
Robert Hombach: Well no, I mean we’ll take a few.  I mean, there is the aspect about the retroactive nature of this potentially back to January 2010, but I believe that hospitals don’t sign up by the end of this year, that may not be available to them, and that’s certainly something that we’ve originally factored in to our accrual.  So that, we would certainly adjust for as we end this year.
Robert Hombach: I’ll start with the tax rate.  You know, clearly it’s the mix of earnings this year has been quite a bit different than we originally projected, the underperformance in Europe really crossed all three businesses in a place where we’ve got pretty efficient tax structures has negatively impacted the rates.  On the other side of the equation, very strong performance in the U.S. particularly by medication deliveries in a high-tax environment.  So it’s primarily a mix shift there. We did anticipate some of that as we go forward here, but this is happed to a larger degree.  So as we look at 2011, we’ll have to evaluate the Europe-U.S. mix of earnings as we think about the tax rate going forward. You know, in terms of gross margins, clearly it’s the stronger performance in the quarter by Bioscience Business and the – what I would characterize as the faster recovery in the IVIG space in particular certainly helped margins. You know, as we go forward here though, we are going to be faced with starting to feel the impact of the slowdown in collections and slowdown in through put in the Plasma Business starting to roll out to our P&L given the long inventory hold period because we started taking those actions late last year and early this year.  We’re starting to feel the impacts of that as we go in the fourth quarter and into – and that will be a headwind as we go into 2011 on margin.
Robert Hombach: Yeah.  So we’ve estimated this time the pharma tax is going to be 30 to 40 million and at this point don’t know for sure what the geography is going to be on the P&L for that one.  I think the a couple years down the road that’s an excise tax that probably ends up in the SG&A, but the pharma tax between revenue and SG&A is still an open question.
Robert Hombach: I think it’s too early to call that, Mike, frankly.  But yeah, there are – look, there are headwinds, and you know, if you look at some of the dynamics that we continue to manage through and we’ve incurred in 2010, they just don’t all go away come December 31, okay?  As much as we might like that. So we continue to be optimistic about the future in many ways, and for many reasons.  There are a number of these headwinds that are going to continue.  The other thing that I would tell you that you didn’t mention, is just the underlying surgical procedure, volume, and so on.  I mean, one of the things that as your looking at the detail of the quarter that was softer than we anticipated by our bio surgery business.  You know, when you adjust off from the AccuTech acquisition last year, the rest of our bio surgery business was about 9, 10% growth for the quarter which was lower than what it’s been.  And frankly, I think is an indication of kind of the continued softness and underlying surgical procedures. So I’m not trying to paint too negative of an outlook here, but I think we have to be realistic as we go forward, to say a lot of positive things go into black.  There’s going to be some headwinds, there are going to be sustainable, and I guess maybe close where I start at, I think it’s too early to project looking how effective those are, but I think, you know, just a lot of variables we all need to continue to watch.
Robert Hombach: Yeah, I’ll take tax holiday.  I think that’s a fairly recent piece of news that that’s being discussed more actively.  I think it’s too early to really know whether there’s a good chance that’s going to happen.  You’re right, the majority of our cash is off shore, and certainly any opportunity to bring it back in a tax efficient manner would be attractive to us, but I think it’s way too early to be thinking about that concretely.
Robert Hombach: Yeah – no, sequentially, we expect it to be just as strong as it was in the third quarter Matt, but remember year over year we started selling [inaudible] in the fourth quarter last year.  So we do have a difficult comp to the fourth quarter. Male Okay, so sequentially tough, a year-over-year tough, but no [inaudible] or we should see all of sudden in terms of this FDA process.
David Lewis: You talked about targeting pricing, our sense is that you used rebates as a method for engaging in targeted pricing with customers.  I think surgical stride pricing, something like that was your commentary on the second quarter.  I’m just wondering if – we’ve gone from surgical stride pricing with rebating and targeted price cuts to a broader action in the third or fourth quarter.
David Lewis: Great.  Two more quick questions, and just starting with one follow up.  So in the particular quarter, Bob, you had described the source of upslide for your IVIG business, both worldwide.  Do you think it was concerted expectations with share gains?  Maybe give us more color on what you think drove the relative rough side.
David Lewis: Perfect.  And just one last question.  Just thinking about two dynamics in the quarter that did the opposite that we were expecting.  Gross margins were better, but tax rate was much higher.  Maybe the question is about the sustainability of those gross margins and back in your LRP late last year you talked about the expansion of tax rates for your company in the next three to four years.  Is this the first sign of that in your mind or is that more about mix?  So what can we expect as it relates going forward in terms of gross margins and tax-rate trends.  Thank you.
