Robert L. Parkinson: Well I’ll make a couple of comments and then maybe I’ll turn over to Ludwig to give you some more perspective on the dynamics we see in the hemophilia market. You know the guidance we gave several years ago, what was over a five year period and 3% to 4% growth clearly pre-competition we expected to grow faster than that and then with the impact of competition it would moderate over the timeframe. You know clearly we have had a very strong 2014 to-date and given how things have played as we’ve discussed previously the overall competitive landscape has played out largely as we expected, if not slightly better in terms of what others have been able to achieve with on label indication for an enhanced extended half-life product and so I think going forward we have the opportunity to certainly achieve that if not potentially exceed that long-term guidance, but maybe I will turn over to Ludwig to add some color here on market dynamics.
Robert L. Parkinson: And David across the entire business between medical products and BioScience, as we said medical products about 25% of sales already in emerging markets, very strong presence and with the renal franchise and the broad portfolio great opportunity to continue to grow there. BioScience has only penetrated about 15% of sales in emerging markets and that’s really the opportunity here to continue to accelerate growth as Ludwig has laid out. So we feel very good about our positioning in emerging markets and the ability there to sustain double-digit growth going forward.
Robert L. Parkinson: Sure David. So obviously as we get closer to the spin we will be in a position to be actually quite specific in terms of what are the elements that we believe are going to drive earnings for the new Bax if you will at a, I believe, meaningfully faster rate than top line revenue growth. Cost structure is very much part of that but let me just take a minute, maybe to comment on the other aspects or the other dimensions that we believe can drive margin improvement over time, first and foremost we have been very specific in terms of the future synergies associated with Gambro, both the margin drop through on commercial synergies as well as cost structure synergies, which I will tell we are tracking very well through 2014 and that’s a material improvement overtime which will make a large contribution to the earnings growth of new Baxter, if you will, going forward. Focus on mix shift of products so you know the re-launch of CIGMA, if you will with the recent approval provides great opportunity to recapture margin. I think I commented on this specifically in the last quarterly call but that’s a big opportunity to regain market share in the infusion pump business, intensifying focus in areas that continue to be undeveloped markets on a global basis like biosurgery, like parenteral nutrition, and then of course the anesthesia franchise. So there is mix shift effect toward higher growth, higher margin products which also will contribute to accelerated bottom line growth. Portfolio, you mentioned that in your question David, is also a big part of it and I tell you we will be very aggressive in evaluating the existing portfolio, not only from a business and product point of view but from a geographic point of view. There may be businesses that we want to stay in, in certain markets but exit in other market and obviously to do that will provide fuel for adding to that portfolio through bolt-on acquisitions and so on. And then cost structure clearly is an element, I think once we are able to spit up the two new companies and we through that process obviously integrate all the corporate support functions in the two businesses and get a better line of sight I will tell you I think there is significant opportunity to fundamentally take up cost structure. And then lastly, new product introductions like [inaudible] or next generation CRRT Systems, second generation infusion pump platform. So that kind of frames the various dimensions that will continue to margin enhancement and growth again at a faster rate than revenue and as we get close to the spin we will be in a position to be much more specific including the aspect of cost structure on all those elements okay.
Robert L. Parkinson: At this point Larry you know until we get things finalized and get some traction in the market place I think it’s premature to talk about that.
Robert L. Parkinson: Larry, Bob Parkinson here in terms of hospital utilization I did see J&J’s comments, I guess our view would be pretty much in line with that. Clearly hospital activity in developed markets around the world is not as dormant as it was a year ago. So I would say there is a slight improvement there but falling far short of being robust. I think I would distinguish that however, from the emerging markets and allow the general economies of the emerging markets have been softer than anticipated. In terms of dollar spin on healthcare these markets continue to dedicate more of their national budgets to healthcare. So you got so many therapies and procedures that previously there was no access or limited access in undeveloped market. So we do see a more robust growth underlying demand in emerging markets.
Robert L. Parkinson: Yes Kristen, Bob Parks, maybe let me take that because most of that activity would be in the new vacs domain. One of the challenges that we are managing through right now is a combination of one hand, expanding capacity on both IVs and PD where we are experiencing unprecedented growth on PD in the United States and pretty robust demand for IVs while concurrently managing through some existing warning letters and ensuring that we continue to enhance our production standards. I mean we are focusing on areas like particular container integrity and some of these areas that as we expand capacity we have to make sure that we maintain the focus on these other quality issues, particularly in facilities that are older and facilities in most notably North Carolina, where we have an outstanding warning letter. So we want to balance expansion of capacity on one hand, yet be very vigilant to ensure that we have acceptable -- meet acceptable quality standards and that’s really the area that we are investing. And so we have added headcount there, investment in terms of process modifications and so on while we are also expanding capacity. In fact we are bringing on a new line in [North Co] to produce more PD solutions to assist us in managing through some of the short-term product shortages that we have that hopefully we will be able to manage through that, through I would say the first quarter of 2015. But we are sensitive to the existing warning letters and make sure we can bring those to a close at a time when we are expanding capacity. I will tell you we have very constructive dialog going with the agency. We actually had a regulatory meeting with them last week to talk about how we balance achieving systemic or systematic improvements really in quality and ensure that the supply issue is addressed. You may recall a year ago the U.S. market was in very short supply on IV solutions, and here we are approaching flu season and we read about Ebola and all these other things. So the agency is very sensitive as they should be as are we to supply. It’s why we are encouraged that they stepped in and provided the kind of support they did to approve PD product to be manufactured in Castlebar, Ireland to ship to the U.S. to help address our issue. So those are the things we are balancing and Bob kind of quantified the financial impact of that, that will continue for a while but I think at a certain point we will certainly manage down those costs and get back to a more normalized level.
Robert L. Parkinson: Yeah, well that’s Bruce, Bob Parkinson here, so clearly expansion of dialyzer capacity is one of multiple drivers to the renal growth long-term, as I think you know even before the acquisition Gambro was constrained on capacity on dialyzer. Our share on dialyzers today is obviously disproportionately low so I think there is a significant opportunity there long-term. We are encouraged by the recent performance of the Gambro business in the third quarter. Our sales were up mid-single digits and we are starting to I think get focused and aligned after the integration. So that will represent a step function in growth when that capacity comes on in 2016 but in the mean time we have done some other things with third party suppliers and so on which will allow us to increase the supply. So right now the demand is exceeding our ability to supply. We have some smaller interim expansions that should help that out in the short-term but it won’t be as material until the OPELIKA capacity comes on. So that’s a significant opportunity and a significant driver for long-term renal growth for us.
Robert L. Parkinson: Mary Kay can get back to you Bruce with the exact specific answer to your question. I don’t know for the U.S. market. The reality is the production at OPELIKA will source global markets not just the U.S. and the largest opportunity is outside the U.S. for a number of reasons including obviously the concentration with Fresenius given their centers that they run and where they utilize their own dialyzers and so that’s a major segment of the U.S. market that largely is off the table even when we get expanded capacity. So this is really more of a global opportunity but we will get back to you with the specifics on that.
Robert L. Parkinson: Yes well I commented earlier on just hospital activity of developed markets versus emerging markets and distinguishing the two. I would say Europe clearly Western Europe is the softest area globally and I think to a large degree that is directly correlated with the general economic condition Glenn. So we see less robust demand in Europe for example than we do in the United States and I would project that given the broader macroeconomic environment that’s likely to continue. So it’s really about market share to drive growth and so on as opposed to depend upon robust underlying hospital activity if you will.
Ludwig N. Hantson: Yes, thanks for the question, David. So at this moment we are not changing our five year sales CAGR of 3% to 4% but as Bob was saying there is a probability for us to go beyond these numbers. The numbers that I gave you or that we gave you couple of years ago clearly were probabilized for R&D milestones. As we are hitting our R&D milestones it means that the likelihood that we are going to over achieve those numbers it’s greater and we do expect that in addition to ADVATE and continuous fiber growth and continued growth in emerging growth countries that our new product launches such as RIXUBIS, [inaudible, 855, recombinant [inaudible] will have an impact here on the five year plan.
Ludwig N. Hantson: Well the big one for us is clearly Brazil. I think we have a strong plan in place, the strategy is there. As Bob was saying we have converted 4,000 out of the 10,000 hemophilia A patients so far. Just to remind you, this was a plasma market. In addition to that it was an on-demand market. So we are moving from plasma to recombinant. In addition to that we are moving a lot of those patients from on-demand to pre-feed. So we feel pretty good with the strategy that we have in Brazil. So this is our biggest one. But in addition to that we have opportunities in China where we’ve launched. In addition to that we got approval for ADVATE in Russia as well as in Turkey where we are launching and outside of these emerging growth markets clearly the UK tender as well as the Australian tender will continue to help us moving forward.
Ludwig N. Hantson: Well thanks for question, Matt. First of all we continue to expect solid growth across the hemophilia franchise, both on the U.S. side as well as the international side. As far as the ADVATE U.S. market share is concerned we gave you guidance that we expect a decline of high single digits in between the Biogen launch and the 855 launch. So 855 continues to be on track, you have seen the Phase 3 data. We continue to move towards a BLA submission before the end of this year and as you saw Q3 sales data in the U.S. ADVATE remained strong. We grew by 8% and year-to-date we have a net patient gain versus previous year and this is on top of our continued prophy conversions. So we believe that since the launch date approval about four months ago we have seen a very minimal share loss and we're also aware that several patients switched back to ADVATE over the last weeks. And we realize that this data is still early but so far it’s aligned with our expectations.
Ludwig N. Hantson: So one of our strategies is to continue to strengthen the ADVATE label. So as you know we just launched the [BAXA 3] device, [My PK Fit] is another opportunity for us to strengthen the label. We got approval in Europe and we are launching in selective countries as we speak for U.S., this is under regulatory review. It’s a 510(k) submission. The impact of that will be very limited this year. This will be more a 2015 event.
Ludwig N. Hantson: Yes. As I mentioned -- so thanks for the question Bob as I mentioned we expect that the ADVATE U.S. market share will decline high single digits between the launch and the 855 launch so to be more specific on the 855 launch, so submission before the end of this year. So 855 hitting the market by the end of next year. So that’s the timeframe. Yes, we have anecdotes, we know of several patients who switched back for different reasons. I am not going to talk more about why those patients switched back but we're really pleased with the fact that ADVATE is the gold standard and remains the gold standard in hemophilia.
Ludwig N. Hantson: Well, I think the most important thing here is that U.S. demand for IG remains strong and is growing with the market which is double digit. So that is the critical piece here and then Bob was talking about we had a major event last year as well as we are gearing up for the HYQVIA launch, we want to make sure that space in the inventory for HYQVIA which we will be shipping next week.
Ludwig N. Hantson: Well we have submitted to ASH the design and now we are submitting at the late breaking news so we don’t have a full yes yet, so we will keep you posted. Having said that I think we have disclosed the most critical information on the 855 study with all of you and again to repeat what the key messages were. First of all we had great control of bleeding 95% of the bleeds were reduced; 40% of the patients were bleed free. No inhibitors, no cases of hypersensitivity and with the PK profile extension of 40% to 50% versus ADVATE. So these were the key messages. We will keep you posted if it will be an ASH event.
Ludwig N. Hantson: So with respect to HYQVIA we are really pleased with the approval and we’re gearing up as was mentioned. We are planning to ship product next week and that’s on target. When our goal for HYQVIA is to be the preferred and leading subcu treatment for PID and that should be supported by differentiation and we plan to expand HYQVIA into neurological indications in the coming year, so beyond PID. At this moment there is a broad market awareness, there is high interest from physicians patients on HYQVIA and we are expecting accelerated sales in Q4. Which respect to pricing we’re introducing HYQVIA to the PBMs and the payers as we speak. Our pricing strategy is consistent with HYQVIA’s differentiated and unique value which is to provide subcu IG treatment that can be administered once a month. A dose is equivalent to that of IV IG. So with respect to the price consistent with Europe we will be launching at a price premium.
Ludwig N. Hantson: Yeah, so, well thanks for the Bruce. We believe that we have a solid short-term and long-term strategy for our hemophilia franchise. As you know we are building breadth and depth in our hemophilia portfolio and I think it’s also fair to say that we are doing better at hitting the R&D milestones. We continue to monitor the competitive landscape and we are aware of the technologies that you were mentioning, the [inaudible] opportunity well the company is still in early clinical development and the clinical data is limited. As a matter of fact one of our exploratory programs is in subcu technology and a couple of years we moved the subcu treatment into the clinic. However we have to stop the program because of the lack of efficacy. To go back to our strategy we believe we have a strong strategy. First of all we continue to strengthen the ADVATE label we talked about [My PK Fits] as well as well as Baxter-3 we have strong Phase 3 data for 855, which we will be submitting by the end of this year. We plan to bring 826 as well as our gene therapy program for hemophilia A into the clinic into the next 12 to 18 months and all of these are the programs that we have. So 855, 826 and gene therapy we believe are programs that are post proof-of-concept. When you think about the ultimate goal of hemophilia treatment it is to have sustainable higher level of factor expression without peaks and troughs because you will induce -- you would see dramatic or spontaneous bleeds and the protection should be there irrespective of the patients activity level and we believe that gene therapy could be a true game changer. And with respect to our progress in the technology we are really pleased with early clinical date in our hemophilia B program. We see factor level expression in our patients that is sustained over a longer period of time and as I mentioned we are planning to bring this to the clinic in about a year from now.
Ludwig N. Hantson: Yeah, so just defining the Gambro businesses we acquired it the dialyzers represented about $500 million in sales for Gambro on a global basis but as Bob mentioned very underrepresented in the U.S. market and through this OPELIKA expansion and the others that Bob mentioned we expect that over three to four years to increase capacity by 50%. And so as we grow into that capacity this represents an opportunity to grow and grow share and grow up 50% off the $500 million base that we have got in the coming years. So a fairly meaningful opportunity here but clearly given the very low monitor placements that Gambro had historically in the U.S. and overall capacity constraints again very, very small player at the moment.
Robert J. Hombach: Sure, so starting with FX, clearly very volatile timeframe here just within the last couple of weeks. As we indicated we expect an incremental headwind of about $0.04 here in the fourth quarter and given where rates have been throughout the course of the year where -- there was a timeframe where things looked like they might be getting slightly better. I think the fourth quarter, I think would be fairly indicative of what we are likely to see if rates stay where they are at today on a run rate basis. So yeah, we are probably in the ‘15 there $0.20 range of a headwind if rates stay where they are at today for 2015, but again lot of volatility here and we’ll see where things are at as we get to January and give guidance. For cyclophosphamide we continue with a very robust competitive intelligence effort to understand where things are at, again we know there are seven or eight players who are awaiting approval. We continue to hear that it’s likely to be in the not too distant future. But you know again the specificity around that just isn’t great. So I think as you get to January we will have a better sense but again we framed that it’s a $0.50 contributor to profit for Baxter and overtime we expect numerous entrants and the vast majority of that to go away with likely producing an impact in 2015. But at this point no further clarity that we have got to give. So and as it relates to what you are going to hear in January you know we continue to work through a number of things here. But I think key assumptions like sales guidance I think we will be in very good position as we always give sales guidance for the franchises in the two businesses and in the process of doing that I think we will make very clear what our assumptions are on key value drivers like the hemophilia franchise like cyclophosphamide which will clearly have a very meaningful impact. We will also be able to give you a sense of FX and pension and so on. So while it may be a challenge to give a full P&L level of detail we normally do for the full year given the mid-year split I think we will be able to give you a lot information to give you a good sense of where the profitability trends are heading for each of the two businesses but very clearly be able to give you sales guidance.
Robert J. Hombach: Well, we certainly will for the first half of the year, but for the full year it becomes very tricky with the mid-year separation at the investor conference in early Q2 would be the timeframe I think when we would lay out the full year picture in more detail for both companies.
Robert J. Hombach: Well we do expect that to be fairly minor because we will time the adding the resources that creates a duplicative corporate overhead as and when we need to in order to be prepared and appropriately prepared on July 1. So there will be some cost there but we don’t expect that aspect of it will be overly significant but we will call that out separately yes.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes if we look at things, working capital was a bit below, a bigger drain on cash flow here in the third quarter than last year, receivables and payables in particular, some of that just have to do with the timing of a strong sales quarter and when that occurred and when we are likely to collect that. So yes there is a big fourth quarter here driven primarily by the timing on some of these working capital items.
Robert J. Hombach: Sure, sure. Well again I think we are pleased with the strong organic top line growth of the underlying business that we’ve seen across some of the key franchise this year and good strong momentum there that we expect that to carry forward in to next year. As we look at some of these high leverage variables it’s a little difficult sitting here in October to have a clear sense of where some of these are going to go. As we mentioned cyclo but the longer this goes, the more likely it is that not just one but multiple players will get approval in fairly short order which means that the market dynamic could change pretty dynamically and the impact could be accelerated. So again we are looking at $0.50. I don’t have a sense of how much of that would impact 2015 at this point but that will be a very high leverage variable depending upon when that occurs. As I mentioned earlier FX at current rates would be around $0.15 to $0.20 headwind incrementally but again a lot of volatility there, pension interest rates have moved dramatically in the last two or three weeks. That has certainly become more of a potential headwind, as we have gauged it previous, every 25 basis points change in the discount rate amounts to about $20 million impact to the P&L. So we have seen about 75 basis points move here relative to where it was last year. There are other factors that play into that including asset returns and so on, so that’s not necessarily a one for one but thinking about that at the moment in the $50 million to $60 million potential headwind at this point at current interest rates would be where we will be at, at the moment. So stripping a lot of that out and if you look at Baxter today ex-FX in 2014 we are talking about operating income growth in high single digits here. So I think the operating performance has been very good. We are cautiously making incremental investment though in SG&A to support multiple new product launches in BioScience that have already occurred and could occur going forward. We have ramped up R&D expense a bit as well through some of business development activity that we have done within bio that will continue into 2015 as well. We did talk about some of the operational challenges, largely driven by very strong demand in PD and IV solutions as well that are causing us some incremental headwinds here and some of that is likely to continue into next year. I will gauge that in the fourth quarter as approximately a $0.03 headwind or around $20 million to $25 million of incremental impact that we are likely to see operationally within medical products. So a lot of moving pieces here and a lot of volatility around a few of these factors. So again a bit early to look at the picture for 2015 but I think the underlying business is actually performing pretty well.
Robert J. Hombach: We talked about a 4% top-line growth and with some leverage in the P&L. So I would gauge it in the mid to high single digits today.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes, Glenn it’s Bob Hombach, let me answer the financial aspects of the tenders and maybe Ludwig can make some comments about our somewhat unique position particularly in Australia. So the UK and Australia represent very good opportunity for us. We had very little share in the UK from the last tender and we are completely out of the Australian market. And so I would frame these as about $50 million in incremental sales opportunity combined between the two. We will realize about $20 million of that $50 million here in the back half of 2014, less than $10 million contribution in the third quarter ramping up a bit in the fourth and the other $30 million of that $50 million we’ll get in 2015 as we get up to scale. I guess but the one thing I would add about Australia is our preferred position there in the tender gives us an opportunity to perhaps get disproportionate share of the overall Australian market which may allow us to go a bit above the $50 million overall that I mentioned.
