James K. Saccaro: Sure. Vijay, thanks for the question. So just commenting on your second question first with respect to gross margin performance over the LRP. In last year's iteration of our financial projections, we shared an operating margin of roughly 17% to 18%, we've increased that to 20% in our current look at 2020. But to decompose the 17% to 18%, we were really in the range of 44% to 45% on a gross margin standpoint. R&D was roughly 5% and then SG&A was 22%. As we moved to this year's LRP, there are a number of areas of improvement. One of the biggest relates to gross margin where we now expect roughly a 46% gross margin in 2020. There are a number of contributing factors to this. I said in the past I've been very pleased with the manufacturing performance under the leadership of Scott Pleau. That team has been incredibly focused on driving cost savings and improvements in the manufacturing network. So we expect to see some of that. But on the gross margin line we'll also benefit from mix as we move forward as we did exit some lower margin sales and then furthermore as we look at the inclusion of Claris in our projections. To complete the picture, R&D is basically unchanged versus the prior iteration and SG&A improves another hundred basis points, again, driven by continued and relentless focus on cost. So that's really the picture from a margin standpoint. As it relates to sales projections, yes, I think it's safe to say we've been very pleased with the sales performance of our business, right? And as we look at the LRP, really the biggest changes for us are a couple of fold. One, we've included Claris so the IPS business now will grow faster than we previously expected but then we did exit certain strategic lower margin sales areas. And so we do have an impact on Fluid Systems and on the Renal business. Those business growths are down a little bit from the prior version of the LRP. So as we sit here today, obviously we're looking to accelerate wherever possible. And in fact, Joe's comments and my comments around innovation, as we look over long-term, we're looking to accelerate the pace of innovation and pull-forward where possible. But as we sit here today, we feel comfortable with the 4%.
James K. Saccaro: Certainly. We would normally expect to see an uptick in the second half EPS just based on natural business trends. And that's something that we've seen over the last several years. There are several factors that we have to be mindful of. First of all, transition service income. We expect Shire to wind down their need for our services, and right now that's a $0.03 headwind first-half to second-half. Secondly, we did from a cyclo-performance standpoint, we have roughly $0.04 of deterioration, $0.03 to $0.04 of deterioration first-half to second-half. Third, we are going to be accelerating some R&D investments, I think these are very strategic and important. And as we get to your first question in relation to how do we accelerate sales growth, it's very much about pulling forward timelines as much as possible, something our team is really focused on. R&D tics up roughly $0.03 in the second half of the year. And then finally, the way the tax rate works with the benefits related to FASB 123(NYSE:R), typically those benefits are concentrated in the first half of the year, and so we do see the tax rate ticking up $0.03 to $0.04. And finally, we have other income and interest which is $0.01 – or there's a $0.01 impact in the second half of the year. So as we look at the first half to the second half, there are roughly $0.14 to $0.15 of headwinds as we analyzed it, that we fight through to give the guidance that we've shared with you today.
James K. Saccaro: Yes. From a Claris standpoint, we expect roughly $0.05 of accretion in 2020, a little bit north of that. And then from a dividend payout ratio, our expectation is to maintain over the long term this targeted payout ratio of 35% of adjusted net income.
James K. Saccaro: Okay. Larry, thanks for the question. Overall, from a margin standpoint, the first comment I would make is we do not believe that 20% is the peak. In fact, as we share our guidance in May of next year we'll extend beyond 2020. And you heard Joe make some earlier comments about a business' life, our injectables business, there's incredible excitements around that in part because of the higher margin those businesses carry than the Baxter corporate average. So as we move from 2020 to beyond, we start to get lift from mix and innovation really, really accelerating and helping the margin improvement. In terms of how we develop the target as a conservative or not, it's the same methodology that we've used over the last three years for developing our long-range financial planning commitments. Specifically, we have programs earmarked from a bottoms-up standpoint that sum total to 20%. In the past, I've talked with investors about outside-in and comparing to competitors and using that as a basis. But for us, we've never done that. We've always done bottoms up initiative by initiative. And so we know exactly how we're going to get from where we are today, 15.5% to 16%, to the 2020 target of 20%. And, in fact, as we leave this call, Joe and I will be going to a zero-based budgeting meeting where we will be reviewing many of the savings initiatives that support this 2020 objective. As far as the linearity of this, I don't want to get into guidance discussions for 2018 at this point. What I will tell you is, it is now like there's 300 basis points of improvement in a particular year. It is fairly balanced. But again, I'll stop short of giving annual targets for margin improvement.
James K. Saccaro: $20 million, sorry. $20 million in the third quarter, so that's one item. As far as other areas, there is some acceleration outside the U.S. and part of the business outside the U.S. relates to tenders. So as we look at some of our regions, our EMEA region, our Asia-Pacific region, we do see a sequential growth from Q2 to Q3 based on the timing of tenders, which is a little bit different than we've seen in prior quarters and years. So really that is one of the factors that drives this acceleration into the third quarter. And then, of course, we had a solid Q4 last year. So that factors into our math.
James K. Saccaro: Again, we also have cyclo which tails off a little bit in the fourth quarter, so that's a factor as we look at pure constant currency growth. So that's another element to consider. I think as we look at the second-half growth, we feel confident in our ability to achieve it. There are some nuances between Q3 and Q4 related to timing of tenders' performance in Q4 cyclo. But on balance, I think it's consistent with what we've expected. And like I said, we feel confident in our ability to deliver it.
James K. Saccaro: And underlying that is an assumption about a certain amount of buyback. But the result of that, given the very strong cash flow generation of the company, is a serious positive net debt or net asset position as we look at cash relative to growth stat.
James K. Saccaro: Yes, again, for us, the relevant number is the 4% over the period. As we approach the back part of this long-range plan horizon, you start to see the impact of innovation and annual rates ticking the 2020 rate is a little bit above the 4%. And then as we look at 2018, there are a few different factors in play that impact that. You have the full – a annualization or some – a part of your benefit from Claris, but you also have an assumption around cyclo competition that we will be taking. And then also the impact of innovation in 2018 is not as great as it is in the latter part of this plan period. So a number of different factors. We'll stop short again today of giving annual revenue guidance because, again, there's a lot of puts and takes as we approach 2018.
James K. Saccaro: By 2020, we have a fairly small cyclo business, so we expect this winding down very significantly from the current level to a 2020 number, and that occurs – starts to occur at the end of 2018 – or 2017 as a result of incremental competition on-boarding. But I will tell you this is one that we have frankly been surprised by over the last several years. The level – the number of competitive entrants has been fewer than we originally modeled in 2015, than we modeled again in 2016. So it's best for us to keep watching this one. We'll provide an update on cyclo guidance on our January earnings call certainly, and again as we approach the balance of this year in next quarter's call. But it's hard to say what's ultimately going to happen. What I can tell you is we have a fair amount of competition that's assumed by 2020 with a fairly de minimis business left in cyclo at that point.
James K. Saccaro: Sure. The prior guidance, the midpoint of the range was roughly $2.24, and as we think about the current midpoint, it moves to $2.37. There's a few drivers. The over-performance that we experienced in Q2 contributes roughly $0.07. The tax rate, improvements in tax is roughly $0.03. Cyclophosphamide is a couple of pennies of impact. FX is $0.01 and Claris is $0.01. So if you add those up, it's roughly $0.14 versus the midpoint of the last guidance range. About half of that speaks to the Q2 performance with the residual relating to other aspects of the business.
José E. Almeida: Sure, Mike. Just augmenting Jay's previous answer on Claris, we are giving this guidance on Claris for 2020 as Claris is today. Claris for Baxter is the foundation of getting us to a significant number of molecules in other areas. So when we speak about Claris itself as Claris is today as it transitions over there, there's significant amount of investment that we are going to be making in new molecules that we'll be adding to the pharmaceutical business of Baxter, which we plan to be much bigger than just Claris. On the business development, we have a significant capacity in our balance sheet, organic and inorganic, meaning we are generating a significant amount of cash. I think Jay has spoken about our conversion ratio is really good. It is one of the best I've seen, the team has done a great job. So our natural generation of cash flows well we can borrow put us in a very good position. So what is the difference between where I am right now and a big acquisition and several tuck-ins that will get to the value that we had spoken last quarter but in a different way. Clearly, there is custody of large targets as we all know. So, and also when you look into the financials and how that works with a company, you have an inherited risk pertinent to these kinds of transactions. They are much greater than several smaller transactions. So as we look at how to pursue our inorganic pathway here, first of all, put a strong team in place. And I just bought my old team back, almost the whole team back from my old job into Baxter. And that team will be now responsible for M&A. The second thing is that for me it doesn't matter. If you do a large deal, it's going to take us a while to digest and will probably take us a while to continue down the path of further acquisitions versus smaller deals. So as we evaluate both, we have – we're open for both. It's not that one is losing to the other; it's what are the opportunities that we'll return to our shareholders what we want the shareholders to have. Remember, we want internal rate of returns. They are significant above our weighted average cost of capital, and in the double digits. We want ROIC three years to five years to have close to the company average. So we have put some limits in how we're going to use our shareholders' money. The other alternative that we have, we have said that money's not going to burn a hole in our pocket. So if we do have excess cash, we will buy shares back at our discretion when we think is the most effective way of doing so. We're opening both channels and we can do both at the same time because of the amount of cash that we have. So as we pursue diligently and with significant amount of grit our M&A path, we also will be returning money to the shareholders in terms of shares buyback. So I want to leave those channels open. And size of acquisition is less important than about the strategic fit of those companies within our portfolio.
José E. Almeida: Yes. We feel that we have three pathways here. We had our internal programs, which I thought were good but not at all sufficient. Those are good molecules. Our internal program, when we first arrived at Baxter, were related to things that are difficult to create. In solutions, we stabilized. We're looking at our GALAXY technology in Round Lake, Illinois, to make them. And our pace was one of not great speed, okay. So that program could not only – would not get us what we want. Claris adds a piece to the puzzle, which is the ability to do the filling operations and packaging, also the procurement of APIs and manufacturing of APIs in a very cost-effective way with good quality product. We are expanding now with the ScinoPharm and as well as Dorizoe partnerships to be able to get more volume of molecules. But this is not volume of a million-dollar molecule. We're looking at molecules that are more relevant to the portfolio, therefore creating good accretion to the gross margin. If you think about this business, this is a business with a low SG&A. So it's all about gross margin here And gross margin is providing the market with effective supply chain that creates a cost advantage for us in the market and for the customer. So with 45% and Jay said 46% by 2020, we feel this business has a bigger capacity to deliver on a gross margin, but more so, Matt, is down the P&L with very low SG&A, okay. So we are actively, actively pursuing more partnerships and with all kinds of different companies, either for distribution of the drug, for augmentation of portfolio, for the design of these generics, which is the case of hard-to-make oncolytics with ScinoPharm or just capacity to develop the API new formulation with Dorizoe. So it's all in – when you put together, it is a business. It's a core growth business for us, which is the definition is, has better gross margin, better growth rates, change to vector growth and also impacts our operating income and our EPS.
José E. Almeida: Well, if you think about the Fluid business in general, we came back to the market with an effective pump strategy. We have probably 22%, 22.5%, 23% market share in pumps and where we are today, and I'm talking about the U.S. per se. So let's focus on the U.S. as the Fluids business outside the U.S. is completely different characteristics and profit profile. So the pumps in the U.S., the SIGMA SPECTRUM, we have a nice momentum on product development. We're going to be launching the new revised version of SIGMA with auto-programmable functions and other features next year. And then we have a pathway all the way to a new platform not too far in the future. That is the foundation of creating momentum in terms of our Fluids business. Fluids themselves is all about capacity and quality. And right now I feel confident that we're working very hard on both fronts. So we have product availability as much as we can and we're augmenting capacity, we're validating new lines in our North America planned footprint. So the ability to provide product to the market at a higher rate is one that will determine in the future our ability to continue to grow. Remember those products are not sold in the spot market. Those are created through contract and those are long-term contracts. So as long as Baxter has the capability to continue to provide those long-term contracts where price escalation is built-in. Second, we have invested in the right capacity, meaning what is the right capacity – it's capacity in the right places and we are. And we maintain the quality required by the FDA. We will be continue to deliver on this business. Clearly there is a point where there is a reduction in growth just by the sheer volume of products that we make. We're number one in the market in terms of solutions. So we would expect this business to taper off a little bit in growth but our expectation is, as we continue to augment capacity, we continue to gain market share. And I think this is something that our team here in North America is doing a significant amount of work and will continue on to be able to provide products to our customers.
José E. Almeida: Hi Larry. The way we think about the top-line is the following. Our weighted average market growth rate, or WAMGR, is about 3%, okay. So we have a 4% plan which is significant amount of new product launches, geographic expansion, things you're putting in to grow above market. Primarily not growth categories, oaky, as we outlined in our presentations in the past. We call core growth. When you look at how to get to 5% is basically execution, excellence on those initiatives and the risk in those initiatives. So the more we de-risk our initiatives, the more we fill our bullpen of new opportunities, we can possibly get to 5%. It's a stretch, it's not easy, and I'm not saying we're going to get there, but we have a lot of Baxter people probably listening to this call, we are getting ready to get there because we're executing., we're doing everything we can. We brought good people from the outside with excellent people from inside, and we're mixing our teams with very good execution people. So we have a possibility to get there. But right now we feel that with all we have on the table, 4% is adequate for our shareholders to model our growth going forward. But we're working hard to get to 5%
José E. Almeida: So let me start with your question and Jay will talk to you about EBITDA. One of the growths in the quarter-to-quarter basis is about comps from the previous quarter. We need to look at sequential and we also need to look at sustainability. So we feel comfortable with the long-term being 4% because we look at how our programs are being factored into the growth and also the tenders that we have. Remember we have a static business in terms of products that we sell. And if we're out of a tender, we're out of a tender. This is the issue that we had in Europe in the last 18 months is we're out of spme tenders because we didn't want to bid. When we get back in, it guarantees the business for the longer term. So I feel comfortable that we are – that the 6% is to be delivered in the quarter. But going forward, we want to make sure that we are at about 4% level. And this is because we are looking at more sequential growth and sustainable growth. We will have quarters that have higher growth and lower growth like we just had this quarter because of discontinuation of business. But in the mean we want to have that 4% there and target 5%. The delivery of our second-half, we'll not be giving no guidance today and affirming the numbers. If we couldn't do it, I'm confident about our ability to deliver on that as we speak today. However, that should not be something that the analysts should be thinking about for us going forward, okay. Because it is quarter-by-quarter, we look at more long-term. So the 4%, David, may have – has an acceleration towards the end of the period that we provide you guidance with the 2020. We will have an acceleration so we can make that number happen based on the numbers for 2018 and based on the discontinued products that we have. I just want to also tell that – say that these numbers, organic, is completely unlevered but we continue to pursue tuck-in acquisitions that will help us on an inorganic side for the next 12 months, but also they will bring pipeline into the company and will help us with organic going forward. So it is a combination but right today we're sticking to the 4%.
José E. Almeida: So we have a significant amount of activity going on at the end of this year and into 2018 for biosurgery. What is affecting us today is the performance of the Synovis acquisition products. They were made by the company a few years ago. Those are products that are legacy, there are very little improvement to those products to be made, and what we are focusing on our hemostats and sealants, the base business of Baxter which just in one category, just the FLOSEAL alone is growing 7%, okay. So that is good growth there. So for us to return to a market growth rate, this is what we expect to do in 2018, okay. And then we look forward to some augmentation inorganically speaking into that business that will help us deliver more pipeline in some adjacencies into the surgery business. I'm quite confident in the delivery of this new products. They are not homeruns, they're singles and doubles, but just reignite the innovation that the company has not delivered in the past years. And just the new management into that business is really instilling the innovation part quite a bit. That's why we're having so many things happening next year. We have launch of new forms of FLOSEAL, new applicators, new geographic expansion. So will get back into this game in a good way and beginning to see that transformation in 2018 in terms of getting to market growth.
José E. Almeida: Yes, Bob. We had an organization that was – had international businesses all concentrated under one person. When this person retired was an opportunity for us to really take a look and say, I don't like to concentrate 60% of our business with very different profiles under just one person. So bringing Americas under Brik, very experienced leader with Baxter. And Cristiano Franzis who worked with me before, and Andy Frye, who comes from a large distributor in Asia, and before that Abbott, who give us a great execution lever to focus on those regions instead of just have one person looking at everything but the U.S. It's just a philosophy and a proven theory that I have that when you divide the world in the right regions, you have people focus on those regions, not only the top-line, but also the EPS per region. The other, Sumant is a great technology and research and development leader, comes into the company with significant experience as we have ambitions to continue to grow our pharmaceutical business. Sumant brings a wealth of knowledge and experience into this area. And I think the Street's familiar with him, and he worked for Hospira before and then Pfizer. We are really excited about that. And Giuseppe moving up to have a global role in terms of managing our product franchise in terms of innovation as well as upstream marketing, and working closely with our M&A group to make sure that we have the right inorganic opportunities in place, makes this team pretty strong. On top of that, we brought Dennis Crowley who used to work for me before in M&A. Dennis really brings a strong background in acquisitions with him. There are a couple more team members that came to Baxter. So we're augmenting where we need. You never say you're finished. There is no finishing line when you manage a company. But we think today that we confidently have a strong team amongst our peers.
José E. Almeida: We have a lot of conversations. What it takes is to have the right strategic target. You've got to make sure that you are returning money to the shareholders. You can't just make an acquisition and think that internal rate of return of 7% is good enough. Maybe it's good enough for a few investors. For the majority of investors, that is below our long-term WACC, and that is not something that responsibly we will do. We will select the right targets. We are doing it as we speak a significant amount of work. But I said to you, we're going to deliver value no matter what, either through acquisitions and as well to share buybacks. So I feel comfortable on both ends of the scale. We didn't discard large acquisitions at all, we're just going now after everything that we can look at that makes sense for Baxter, okay. With a better team in place, we're looking at a much more agile process to get to our targets and as well as the amount of balance sheet capital that we have today, the ability to raise capital organically to get there, we will return money to the shareholders. So it's a win-win because we have two good avenues and we can do both at the same time.
José E. Almeida: You're welcome. Our on demand product is on track. We see this as access to PD. We have modeled the penetration and how it's going to behave in the marketplace. I think it's a little too early for us to give you that information as we are starting our clinical trials next year. And we will be having this product on the market probably by 2020 once the clinical trial is finished. The plans that I've seen, I've seen a rapid succession of improvements to the product which makes me very happy in terms of R&D. I feel that it continue to improve the product as it launches. Our philosophy today versus the old one is we launch products faster with possibility of improvement as we go along to provide more value to the customer instead of getting and waiting for the optimal product with the most features to come out because what we find is highly featured products are not the way forward for an efficient health care system. So we want to make sure we have in the product what is needed and not what all the features that we could engineer and put into to the product. So we are confident that this product is going to do a few things for us. One is increase the penetration of PD for the ease-of-use. Not everybody will like to receive a pallet of product every month. The second thing is it's a product that eventually can customize the solution concentration. This is not how we come out to the market with but it's eventual you can get there. Thirdly, is also a cost savings for the company in terms of the logistics costs and moving fluid around. But we're bettering that alongside our AMIA introduction which happened last year. So what happens is a sequential of innovation for PD and our end objective is to make sure that as many patients that can receive PD are receiving PD in their homes. That is our main objective because we know the therapy is equally efficient as HD but also provide a better life experience for the patient who then can work during the day and to be productive during the day. So we are little too early to give you the numbers. When we're ready, when we're close to the end of the clinical trial, we'll have more numbers in terms of penetration and how we're going to do this introduction. But we're very confident in talking to the FDA. The FDA is working with us, very interested as a matter of fact, how they can help move this technology forward. Thank you.
