James Saccaro: Okay, great. So yes, let's walk through the different pieces. I think all of these are starting to set up well for 2023. But it starts with the third quarter. Overall, Q3 came in largely in line with our expectations. We were pleased to put $0.82 in the books. And really the commercial operations were off a couple of cents, in large part related to shortfalls in sales driven by supply constraints in certain areas. The tax rate and FX came in a little bit worse than our expectations. But offsetting this, and I think this is important to know, was better than anticipated performance in our supply chain. As you know, this has been an area of extreme volatility for us as we've navigated the complicated macro environment. So it was really nice to see our supply chain team deliver in the quarter and set the stage for the fourth quarter and beyond. Now, as we go to Q4, with respect to EPS, we now expect roughly a $0.05 headwind from foreign exchange, tax and interest relative to our previously issued guidance. On a year-over-year basis, these items impact us roughly $0.15. And so we expect a continued supply constrained environment on the sales line. This is an area that we're navigating very carefully. But overall, the real driver in the fourth quarter relates to this headwind from these non-operational items. So now as we transition to next year, what I previously shared with you all is a template which says 4% to 5% compounded sales growth, minimum 75 basis points of operating margin expansion in a given year. As we thought about 2023, the sales growth will come in on the lower end of the range closer to 4%, in large part because of lower levels of COVID vaccines emanating from our BPS business. But as it relates to margin, through continued focus on costs, through execution of our Hillrom synergies, along with a real and significant impact of value improvement programs in our plans, we can confirm at this point the 75 basis points of margin expansion. Now, of course, we're going through our plan as we speak. And I will tell you that the world has been extremely volatile. But it's very nice to be able to share that with you at this point in time. And a lot of this comes down to stability coming out of our supply chain organization. Now the one thing I will say is part of the reason we're not seeing accelerated sales growth is as we look at 2023, there are continued headwinds from a supply constraint standpoint. So we're going to expect to see component challenges through parts of 2023 and other areas. And so from a supply and semiconductors will continue to be challenging as we move through next year. So that's going to be something that we have to live with for a while. We're hoping that rehabilitates over the course of next year and certainly provides a tailwind as we move to 2024. Now, moving to some other items, as we look at foreign exchange, that's going to be fairly neutral to operating margin, but it will be roughly $0.15 headwind year-over-year, and a lot of that will be concentrated in the first half of the year. Because we've seen rates really deteriorate in Q3 and Q4. And then from an interest expense standpoint, we're looking at approximately a $0.15 headwind. So this is a – before that - and the interest rate will start to become a tailwind later on in this long range plan. And so I think for us as we sit here today, we feel really good about the prospects going into 2023. And so we've been dealing with a lot of volatility, and I think really putting controls in place to navigate some of that. And I think our ability to confirm that 2023 is an important step as we move forward. Joe, I don’t know if you'd want to add anything to that.
James Saccaro: So as it relates to EPS, I think there's a little bit of EPS growth as we look at it based on some of the non-operational items impacting us, but we do expect some level as we look at it. And then I'm sorry, I missed the second part of your question. I couldn't quite hear that.
James Saccaro: Okay. So from an inflationary standpoint, I think we're looking at kind of consistent levels today. So we're not anticipating significant price up in any commodities. We're anticipating some slight improvement in certain areas, but also some negatives related to utilities, for example, in Europe. Joe, you want to address the Novum question. 
James Saccaro: Sure. Robbie, as we move to next year, we continue to assume a constrained top line due to semiconductors and availability of other components. So that does not fully resolve next year. We do expect to see some improvement and no deterioration relative to today's level. But we will live with this throughout most of next year. As we think about the margin improvement, really that's emanating from a significant improvement in value improvement programs, things like automation initiatives that we have going on in the plan. And that really helps support the 75 basis points improvement that we've discussed. We'll see lower than expected freight. And we are only targeting roughly 75 basis points or in excess of 75 basis points, because we don't have a big commodity easing assumption in the numbers that we're sharing. To the extent that materializes, certainly that could be an upside, but we're not banking on that at this point. We're banking on living in a challenging commodity world for 2023 for the most part, along with a supply constrained world. Those two items are very big uncertainties. I'm hopeful that we take a conservative decision and those break our way over the course of the year. But we'll have to watch that very carefully.
James Saccaro: Yes, sure. Overall, Rick, Hillrom did decline in the quarter, roughly 5% and was down roughly 1% year-to-date. And what's interesting is that the demand for Hillrom products remains incredibly strong. We've seen historic levels of backlog in our front line care business. We've seen backlog in our PSS business as well. So as we look at the portfolio of products, the innovation, the complementarity with the Baxter portfolio, we're incredibly excited. And the environment for their orders has been fairly strong throughout the year, it's been fairly consistent. But we've had severe supply constraints. And so without supply constraints, Hillrom would have been probably flat in the third quarter, and on a year-to-date basis would be growing close to mid single digits, which I would characterize as kind of where we would have hoped it would have been. But with these supply constraints that have been extremely challenging, in particular, in the case of front line care, it's been hard to get to the sales level that we hoped for. So Joe, maybe you want to add to that.
James Saccaro: Sure. Rick, I don't want to get into too much detail on specifics around price and what pieces of the portfolio and so on. But it's safe to say we expect price will be a positive contributor to our numbers next year in 2023. The other thing I would say is it is something that we look at in every single market, in every product line. Why? Because in every one of our areas, we have been challenged with very high levels of inflation, very high levels of incremental costs. So from our perspective, we really have to challenge every sale to make sure that we're garnering enough profit from it and offsetting some of the significant costs that we've had.
James Saccaro: Sure. So a couple of things I would say related to this question. First, the vast majority of the sales impact relates to semiconductors. I would say that over 90% of the challenges that we've faced relate to semiconductors. There are other select areas where we have seen meaningful impact. For example, in our nutrition business, there are certain ingredients and vitamins that we're unable to secure due to supplier challenges. And that's had an impact as well, but the majority relates to semiconductors. Now, as it relates to your semiconductor question, the type of semiconductor used in medical devices is a little bit different than standard semiconductors that are used in the highest tech products available today. And so while there has certainly been a curtailment of demand for some of these consumer products, the size of the semiconductor that we use does not benefit from this curtailment of demand and normalization of supply. And I would even say, for some semiconductor manufacturers, they are seeing inventory levels build of the super thin semiconductor. And so we just have not yet seen this normalize in our case where we are all hands on deck working to secure the components that we need. And we'll continue to do that. But this is something that, as I've said, we don't have a pathway for this getting resolved in the immediate term. Joe, I don't know if you'd like anything to that.
James Saccaro: Sure. So from a backlog standpoint, overall, we are seeing those orders for the most part stay in place. We're not seeing others take share as a result of these constrained supply environment that we have in place. Frankly, a number of manufacturers have similar challenges. Now, the question is how long will those orders remain? In some cases, if they're short-term needs, then those are things that perhaps might be impacted. But as we think about longer term for the most part, I think that these sales will represent some level of opportunity in the future. As it relates to Hillrom, we feel very good about where things are trending with the exception of the constraints that we have in place. And so we highlighted increased incremental cost capture at the May Investor Day and we're still trending along those lines, very much in line with that with increasing confidence. I think it's important because we have some big step ups as we move to 2023 and 2024 in terms of incremental cost synergies. What's great at this point is, as we sit here today, we feel we have clear line of sight and continue to make progress towards those numbers. So I think, as far as that goes, it's a very good story.
James Saccaro: Sure. As you know, we're really focused on maintaining solid investment grade credit ratings. We define that as BBB. So the rating that we currently have is one that we're maintaining. And in order to do that, we want to make very good progress towards the 2.75 net debt to EBITDA which is our objective. I would say that from a cash flow standpoint, this year has fallen short of our expectations. And I would say that, of course, we've had some challenges on the income statement. But as we look at inventory, we've had a fairly substantial inventory build over the course of the year, which is interesting, because of what's happening is you have a pump, which is lacking one critical component. And so you're unable to sell that pump until you get that critical component. For example, we also saw extended shipping lane times over the course of the year and increases in the cost of our inventory due to our suppliers. And so for all those reasons, we've had a very challenging year from an inventory standpoint. I would note that in the third quarter, we did see a decline in inventory. And we are expecting a fairly substantial improvement in free cash flow in the fourth quarter, as is typically the case. But here's the interesting thing. While net income growth next year is low, free cash flow growth we expect to be substantial. And so we're still finalizing our plans. But you're going to start to see a very significant acceleration of free cash flow growth as the inventory situation normalizes over the next one to two years. And that will really support some of the work that we're doing to get to 2.75x net debt to EBITDA which again is a clear focus for our entire management team.
José Almeida: I will. So we always preface any conversation on products which are not approved that we do not, I speak on behalf of the FDA. We believe that we have successfully resolved the issue that was the primary subject of the FDA’s last additional information request. We referenced this on the Q2 call. We will submit data and we believe demonstrates successful resolution of the interest as part of our response. Since that time, we have identified additional software changes we're planning to implement proactively in consultation with the FDA. We're in process of updating our response. And because of that, we're doing everything we can to submit our response as quickly as possible. While we hope that to be in a position to submit those responses by late Q4, it may spill over into a couple of weeks of January, maybe half January. So we're doing the best we can to pull this together. We are very comprehensive in how we answer the FDA. We work very collaboratively with them. And we want to make sure that the product has all the information before we send to them. So there's no further request for information. That's our objective.
José Almeida: Robbie, good morning. We are actively looking -- first of all, I'm not going to comment on the rumors from the market. But I'm going to tell you what we are doing. We are actively looking at portfolio by the company. We will be ready to speak about that by early January, not at the moment. But I can tell you some bits of information what is going on. We are looking at every opportunity at the company to focus on the vision that we had set forth during our Investor Day back in May, which is connected care, the areas that will drive higher gross margin, areas of higher top line growth, software and the ability to be ahead of connecting the dots for clinicians and institutions. So when we look at that, we're looking at our portfolio. Some products will make sense for us to retain, some products will not. So we are looking to optimize our portfolio. We are in about three quarters of the way there in terms of understanding and we will make a decision with our Board of Directors and then come forward with what we think is going to be the new portfolio of Baxter going forward, as I said early January. So I want to just also underscore that any portfolio movement which implies sale of assets or any kind of transaction always takes into account number one, creation of shareholder value. It is never secondary. It is always primary and that is creation of improved return on invested capital with accretion of value through discount cash flows. So we're going through this process. It is being very, very intense. And we hope to have the new set of the businesses going forward and what we're going to deal with, and how we're going to suffice our mission and vision by as I said early January.
José Almeida: Robbie, I'll let Jay really comment on the numbers. I'll tell you about a couple of aspects. While we are seeing supply chain is performing well against the very difficult sets of circumstances, as we said, labor inflation and material inflation has been significant to Baxter, and they're doing a great job navigating through that. Our procurement group is doing a great job getting the products to us. What is happening is there is a significant amount of backlog and backorder for the company on products depending on semiconductors. And it's not one company or two. It is several. It's a plethora of companies that produce products for us, and we source semiconductors from them. A couple of things that we are doing that I feel are more confident that throughout 2023, the situation will be to keep more will be better is that we are developing long-term relationships directly with the manufacturers of the chips instead of going to distributors or going directly to board assemblers. The second thing is, the amount of decommit that companies are coming forward during the quarter makes sometimes very difficult for us to predict what we can assemble and ship at the end of the quarter is getting better into 2023, as our supply chain now has a full view of commitments into 2023 of what we need to make our growth. Business has been very effective by the use of front line care, which is our business under our acquisition Hillrom, our PSS, patient support systems, the ability to make more funds, we have very good demand for our current pump, our SIGMA Spectrum pump, we can’t make more because we’re missing two or three key components that are in shortage in the marketplace due to high demand from other sources, in the automotives and other areas. So what I can tell you is we are doing everything we can and the supply constraint is really what has impacted Baxter’s performance in the top line. Now VIPs, our value improvement programs, have been a significant driver of cost reduction for us in our operations group. I’ll pass on to Jay to give you more clarity on numbers that you asked.
José Almeida: Rick, I'm going to have Jay answer that. And I'll close answering the question, but Jay should start.
José Almeida: Yes. Rick, we have done as a company a very thorough integration job here. Our synergies are coming higher, much higher than we had estimated in the first year of the integration. Our supply chain people had to come into Hillrom and do a lot of work to reestablish lines of supply into the business. When the semiconductor prices hit, Baxter was better prepared to handle the Hillrom loss. And what we did is we put our best to handle issues, primary front line care. The supply chain really came through for us and today is doing a much better job as a matter of fact. We had better performance that we planned in front line care in the third quarter, because we're able to get the products out of the door. We also have extremely competent management in both businesses. We have Reaz Rasul, the Head of Front Line Care. We have Andy Frye, the Head of GSS and PSS. So we are very confident in the business we purchased. The business has the ability to perform. We will fix the supply chain issues as we're currently doing. And we'll be able to get back the Hillrom that we made assumptions to buy. As you heard from Jay, our growth would have been ex supply chain what we had expected to be. So I think Baxter brought to Hillrom a combination of great portfolio. Hillrom brings with great management and discipline than Baxter has to replace the team that was there and was able probably to do in the long term a better job of this combination.
José Almeida: Rick, they are great questions. So we're going to split Jay and me here. But let me start by saying that we do not comment in pricing on general course of business. But as Baxter has taken so much into input costs that went up significantly in the last two years, we are very focused in recouping a portion of that, if all possible. So we already had, as I mentioned, price actions throughout the year. But I would say that beyond what I have said, I'm not going to comment on any specifics about pricing discussions or agreements with our customers. But I can say to you, in my opening remarks, as I said, we strongly prefer to build on our long-term relationships with our customers to reach agreements on how best to share an increased cost of delivering products to them, which causes a significant amount of more money, because the cost of oil, the cost of logistics, cost of raw materials, cost of labor and everything that goes in. We have made significant process -- I’m sorry, I’d rather say we have made significant progress towards that end. But to the extent that we do not reach agreement with any customer, we will, of course, continue to evaluate the options in front of us to recover the increased costs of our delivering and on our mission to serve patients. That's very important to us, because Baxter -- if you ask any of our 65,000 employees, it’s all about the mission of the company. It is an incredible company. I came here seven years ago almost to the date and I’m continuing to be impressed by the dedication of our employees. But we took a significant amount of cost increase in the last two years in our input costs and supply chain has done a great job trying to defray that and offset, but as you can see by our margins, it’s not possible. We would like there to be a partnership with our suppliers that continue to understand that for us to deliver what we're delivering to them and the innovation in the products, we need that partnership to continue on. So I'll end there and pass on to Jay. 
José Almeida: We have seen sporadic cancellations of orders in institutions that are small and have labor issues in implementing CapEx projects that sometimes are large. But for the most part, we haven't seen that wave of retraction of capital programs. As a matter of fact, if we could make 3x, 4x more infusion pumps, we would have sold I believe those pumps. If we had made twice as many of our monitors, we would have sold the monitors. So it becomes a little different when it comes to beds. Beds are a larger implementation. And software, software like nurse call buttons, software like phones becomes more elaborate. Those are the ones that sometimes we see postponement. Not because the price for more, because of the labor, not because of the cost, I should say, but more because of the labor. So at the moment in time, I don't believe we're seeing a retraction in the capital market. We're seeing a high cost of labor for hospitals and a shortage of labor that makes difficult for them to undertake large programs sometimes.
José Almeida: More so what we're doing is because we're seeing this issue with the semiconductor manufacturers, not all chips are created the same. So you hear Intel sales are down quite a bit in PCs. This is good news for our chips, it's not. We don't use the same chips at all. We actually use very little, very few chips from Intel, for instance. Our chips are IoT, Internet of Things. They are much thicker and they are chips that are using better software. So that demand -- by the way, some of these chips are about 12% of the semiconductor industry output. So because of that, we work very close now directly with companies. We're being very successful with few companies who are working very well with us. But what we also do is start a redesign program for our boards. We have identified critical components and we have started a process in our Reno business to redesign 30 of our boards with one of our suppliers and we have front line care programs started by now to replace six key semiconductors that may be constrained in the next 18 months with a redesign of boards. So redesign of boards is not as simple as everybody think. It is not a plug and play, because the form and fit and function of the semiconductors change. We have to redesign the board. We have sometimes to revalidate and clinically revalidate the board. So saying just that we're redesigning boards [indiscernible] is not. It is all hands on deck is finding new ways to deal with our current suppliers, it is buying directly from them, buying through brokers throughout the world, inventory there is available as well as redesigning the boards so we can have alternates that can be put in, in the future. So we became a much more sharp company when it comes to semiconductors and boards and this process in fact is very painful. We had to acquire significant expertise in this area. It’s going to pay dividends in the future.
José Almeida: No, I'm saying that in 2021, this time of the year and last year in 2021, we were not -- we did not own Hillrom, but their orders were extremely high. Primarily, the rentals were extremely high because of COVID, okay. What I'm saying to you is we have not seen our book of business be affected by capital constraint. Now and going forward, what we see is delays in some accounts due to labor shortages in primary large installations. But we have continued dialogue with everyone about our orders. As a matter of fact, I'm planning to see in the first quarter next year a large installation that we're going to probably be doing in hospitals in the U.S. So I don't see -- we don't see today a significant change in the order pattern in capital. That's what I meant. I'm not comparing to 2021, which has significant high rental revenue into Hillrom, because the COVID effect primarily as you know coming out of the summer is going to Omicron in October and November of last year.
José Almeida: Josh, good morning. So we are seeing several programs where we are working across divisions in the connected care. We established a new group that is actually under Andy Frye, one of our executives who is also the Head of GSS and PSS, patient support systems. And we are seeing several programs from basic creating unified portals to access EMR systems in hospitals, to features that can be enabled by commonality and connecting the devices. So there's a lot going on. I think we should give an update to investors probably in the first quarter of 2023 about where we are with this connected care programs. So we have a brand new group that is now across Baxter that is looking at this and creating opportunities. So we're making good progress in this area. I’ll pass on for Jay for answering the other question.
