Mary Ladone: Thanks, Sean. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our Q2 2011 earnings conference call. Joining me today are Bob Parkinson, CEO and Chairman of Baxter International; and Bob Hombach, Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, let me remind you that this presentation, including comments regarding our financial outlook, new product developments and regulatory matters contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, and of course, our actual results could differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filings for more details concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. In addition, in today's call, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Baxter's ongoing business performance. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures being discussed today to the comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings release issued this morning and available on our website. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Bob Parkinson.
Mary Ladone: David, let me also add, just as we mentioned last quarter that as long as Octapharma is out, there could be periods where there'd be temporary shortages or we'd be in a backorder situation for throughout the rest of this year.
Mary Ladone: Mike, just to put it into perspective, first half growth constant currency was 5%. Second half, we're guiding to about 2% to 3% to get to our full year of 3% to 4%, and as Bob mentioned, that's 2 points of the generic injectable business and the assumption that Octapharma is back. And we're pretty conservative with our assumptions there that we cede that share back to them. And also I'd point out that in the back half of last year, plasma proteins was particularly strong. You might recall first half last year, plasma was down about 8%, and in the second half of the year, it was up in call it the 7% to 8% range. So we have a difficult comp in the Plasma Protein business as well.
Mary Ladone: We have not started yet, Mike, but we plan on starting the Phase III in the second half of the year, on track with our original expectations there.
Mary Ladone: And on the infusion site infection rate, Bob, we do have a lower rate. I think as you saw the data in our posters that have been presented, we're at about 2.5%, which is significantly lower to other Sub-Qs on the market that are in the 60% range. We believe that, that's really due to the purity and the tolerability of our product. And obviously, we do believe that, that could be a potential competitive advantage to our product versus the competition.
Mary Ladone: And just one other comp I'd also mention is the U.K. tender. Although we basically annualize that, we did have a small impact in the quarter. I'd put it in the $5 million range. And WinRho also affected us in Antibody Therapies slightly, but not material.
Mary Ladone: Yes. I mean given the fact that it's a premixed form, we are out with a price premium on the product, which will help expand with the current market potential, as well as we're looking at additional geographies to launch in. We pegged the market opportunity at about $150 million to $200 million globally.
Mary Ladone: Mike, I would just add, there was no surprises in the data that we saw, and we expect to enter our Phase I clinical trial here before the end of the year.
Mary Ladone: Yes, I can take that, David. First of all, internationally, Plasma Proteins was up 20%. So very, very strong. I think as Bob mentioned in the prepared remarks, ARALAST, we were on a backorder situation which was temporary in nature, and we are seeing no impact to user demand given the reconstitution device that we are providing an alternative for our patients with going forward. So that is a result here as we go forward. Also in FEIBA, I would mention that sales were down in the U.S. close to 10%. Really, we've seen a significant increase in Medicaid patients. I think going back a couple years, our Medicaid population on FEIBA was in, call it the 40% to 50% range and now that's ramped up to about 60%. And given healthcare reform and the increase we're seeing in Medicaid rebates, that had a significant impact on our overall FEIBA sales in the U.S. That was really what happened in the quarter. It was more U.S. focused and on those 2 products, FEIBA and ARALAST.
Mary Ladone: On 340B, we are seeing more hospitals elect to be 340B. As you know, that was part of our healthcare reform impact that we took last year, and that will grow as our 340B sales grow going forward, but that's pretty much in line with our expectations.
Mary Ladone: We did have some wins in the second quarter. It was, I would say, in the $10 million to $15 range in terms of international sales. We wouldn't provide what countries those were.
Mary Ladone: Sure. I'd also add Rick that we are in the process of identifying and selecting patients for the HHD trial, which as Bob mentioned, we're going to start in the coming weeks. It is a trial that includes 24 patients. It's a 10-week trial. We expect it'll take about 6 months to complete the trial.
Mary Ladone: Yes, on the Sub-Q question, Rick, we estimate today that the global market's anywhere in the range of $5 billion to $6 billion for IVIG. And today, the Sub-Q market has about, call it, 7% to 8% share of that global market. Remember that Sub-Qs are really approved for use in primary immune deficiency, and primary immune deficiency represents about 25% of the overall global market. And within PID today, about 30% of the usage is Sub-Q. So you can kind of draw your own conclusions on the size of that market and the potential for Sub-Q and HyQ going forward.
Mary Ladone: Yes, Sub-Q will launch in Q3 and that's included in our guidance. And in terms of HHD, Rick, we expect to get CE Mark next year in Europe in 2012. We will have to do another trial that we're planning to do in Canada. The Canadian trial as well as the U.S. trial we're doing here will be used to support a nocturnal indication filing in 2013 in the U.S.
Mary Ladone: And, Matt, I would just add just so you have Australia for us was about a $75 million business in recombinant.
Mary Ladone: Sure, Sara. Alzheimer's, we did complete enrollment in the second quarter. We've enrolled more than 360 patients, which was required. And so with an 18-month follow-up, we expect to complete the second Phase III the end of next year. And in the second half of this year, we'll start the second Phase III, and we'll keep you posted on that. In terms of Dr. Relkin, he did submit his manuscript on Phase II data to a journal in, I think, the end of the first quarter. And once that journal is accepted for publication, it will be published. Other than that, we can't really control the timeline of that. We would expect that hopefully before the end of the year.
Mary Ladone: Recombinant Factor IX is in a Phase I/III trial, which will end next year in 2012, so it'll be probably sometime before the end of next year that we'll have data available.
Robert Hombach: Sure, David. So a couple things. We mentioned one of the areas of outperformance in the second quarter was the vaccine business. That is a high-margin business for us. The FSME product, in particular, is primarily a seasonal vaccine. So the second quarter is by far the peak. In the back half of the year, the contribution of FSME to our top line is much, much smaller than it is in the second quarter, so the positive benefit we saw in the margin in the second quarter won't repeat there. Recall that anesthesia underperformed in Q1 related to finalization of a distributor agreement in the U.S., which we did execute in the second quarter. We saw some catch up there again on some higher margin product, and so that was a bit exaggerated in the second quarter. And then FX, we did get a slight benefit to margin related to foreign exchange in the second quarter as the dollar weakened against the euro and many other currencies, particularly emerging and developing markets. In the back half of the year, given recent events that are going on with the U.S. debt crisis and the situation in Europe, we've seen the dollar strengthen a bit. So we're not assuming that modest FX benefit. It's a margin in the back half of the year. Other than that, though, the underlying dynamics of our higher margin products growing faster and the mix benefits we see persisting. And adjusting for some of the items I've mentioned, we do see some improvement operationally in margin in the back half versus the front half in the neighborhood of 40 to 50 basis points, somewhat masked, again, by the dynamics that I mentioned.
Robert Hombach: Yes. Starting out first with -- on the constant currency guidance, recall that some multi-sourced generic business is out, and so that is driving about 1.5 points in the back half of drag on our growth rate as we work through trying to annualize that out over the next 4 quarters. So I think that's a key one. We are assuming, while Octa is back in Europe at the moment, and we are assuming that they'd come back in the U.S. in the fourth quarter as well. So that takes another 0.5 point or so out of the growth rate. So I think adjusting for just those 2 items, you're kind of back in the 5%-ish range, and I think that's consistent with...
Robert Hombach: Yes, and FSME, given the seasonality that we talked about earlier. So the way -- as we adjust for some of these impacts and look at the growth rate, it's pretty consistent through the quarters.
Robert Hombach: Sure. So given that we're very excited about the Sub-Q launch, we think that, again, it's going to allow us to participate in a fast-growing segment of the market. But as we indicated, given our current inventory situation, we'll balance how we penetrate that market with serving existing customers here in the back half as we work to get our inventory situation back up to more normal levels. So it's a very nice opportunity for us and will be a growth driver going forward, but I wouldn't say that it's a significant contributor in our assumptions at the moment to the back half.
Robert Hombach: Yes, sure. So I mean, consistent with the Octa amount we've been talking about, the generics injectable, I said, we divested in early May, so we didn't have the month of April in the numbers, we didn't expect. The channel disruption in ApaTech for the quarter is less than $10 million, so a smaller base in the BioSurgery regenerative medicine line, so it does affect the growth rate, but not a huge number overall. And ARALAST, similarly, less than $10 million of an impact in the quarter due to the back order situation.
Robert Hombach: Foreign exchange does bounce around a little bit, but also the noncontrolling interest in the sundry line as well. As we look at that primarily relates to the SIGMA relationship, and as they've ramped up production on their end, we own 40% and consolidate them in our results up above and have to adjust for their 60% ownership through the sundry line. So as actively is ramped up, that becomes a bigger number on the expense side for us in sundry. On the interest front, we took a strategy in the middle of last year to move to slightly more floating rate debt than fixed through interest rate swaps. So we're benefiting from that, and that's driving some of the interest income. But also in the first half of this year, we have collected some late interest on outstanding receivables in Spain. These are hard to predict because there's a whole legal process you have to go through. So it tends to be lumpy, and we did collect $5 million to $10 million in the front half of the year related to that, which we're not necessarily counting on in the back half of the year to repeat.
Robert Hombach: Sure, I'll jump in and, Mary Kay, you can. So at this point, we're fairly far along with the discussions with our customer base, approaching 3/4 of the customer base has indicated a firm interest in either staying with us or moving to a competitor and we continue to be in a position of the majority of those staying with us. So we're pleased with the progress there. SIGMA continues to do very well on the production side, providing the adequate level of pumps for us to be very competitive in offering the free pump to replace the existing COLLEAGUE. So getting pretty far down the track and pretty consistent with the outcomes that we had expected both within our reserve and what we've been indicating up to this point.
Robert Hombach: That's something we continue to evaluate, and we've got a bit more time here. Again, we're very pleased with the performance of the pump. We've mentioned earlier the award that it was given and recognized as one of the best pumps on the marketplace, and we'll continue to evaluate the next step going forward.
Robert Hombach: Sure. So Castlebar in the quarter was $15 million impact, negative impact to margin in the second quarter after $25 million in the first quarter. So we are working it down a bit. We do expect another $10 million to $15 million of impact in the third quarter and hope to be running a normal operation by the fourth quarter, still yet to be fully resolved in Europe, but that's our assumption at this point. As it relates to plasma, we have been running very well in ramping up both collections and production to meet not only the Octa demand that became available, but also strong underlying dynamics both in the U.S. and outside the U.S. In terms of dynamics going forward, you mentioned the purchase of third-party plasma. So we purchased both plasma collected by third parties and plasma directly from, frozen plasma directly from Octapharma. But as you might imagine, our internal cost to collect is actually below what a third-party would do because we feel like we are the most efficient collector in the industry, given the BioLife network that we've set up over the years. And so we actually are incurring a slight negative related to running that plasma through our operation. We really just purchased the first bolus here in the second quarter. There'll be additional purchases both third-party and from Octa in the third and fourth quarter of this year. So actually over the next 6 to 9 months, we'll be working that through our manufacturing network and putting that product into the marketplace, and again, that will be a slight negative impact as we work that product through. But given the demand and the inventory situation, we felt it was the right thing to do for us to put us in the best position to service customers going forward.
Robert Hombach: Our outlook in terms of market growth really isn't any different than what we've communicated kind of mid-single digits in the U.S. and higher single digits OUS. Larry, so our view in that regard hasn't changed. Relative to Octa's reentry, it's speculative, and so I'm not going to speculate on that.
Robert Hombach: Yes, we certainly focused a bit more on the U.S. versus Europe in terms of the Octa demand gap that occurred when they went out of the marketplace, and given the touch up pricing exercise we went through last year with the U.S. customer base, we feel very good about the position we're in, with the customers we have and we're very focused on continuing to grow those relationships. I think as we go forward here with the Sub-Q launch and HyQ, and hopefully in 2012, we'll have further opportunity to be even more selective. But from a -- we certainly have focused on trying to avoid particularly price-sensitive accounts in the U.S. and outside the U.S. as we've looked to fulfill some of the demand needs in the marketplace.
Robert Hombach: Yes, I mean the contribution was -- we just launched the product. There was virtually no contribution to the results in Q2. Now our outlook for that product, the initial reception is very good, and I don't know if we've quantified when we did the deal, Mary Kay, what we think in the long-term projections. It's material.
Robert Hombach: Well, yes, I mean I think that risk is out there for all of us given the current situation. But historically, while the governments have paid on a longer timeline in Spain, Portugal, Greece and Italy, they have paid. I mean Greece, I think, is a bit more of an acute situation, and we did take a charge in the second quarter of last year to recognize the valuation on the bonds we received in lieu of payment at that time. So that's a risk we monitor very closely. We worked very closely with the local teams. In some countries like Italy, there is an ongoing factory program that we in the industry take advantage of, so we're less exposed there. So again, I think that is an inherent risk that we're dealing with and monitoring very closely, and we are seeing a bit of slippage there in the DSO. That is one of the drivers. But I'd also tell you, of that 4 days, FX as the euro has appreciated over the last year, that tends to drive the DSO up just based on how the calculation is done. So FX, in and of itself, is contributing a bit of that 4-day increase.
Robert Hombach: Yes, so within the issues that I highlighted, we talked about the benefits we are getting from the actions we announced back in January being offset by both pension and the pharmaceutical drug tax, particularly in SG&A. So that's the other big one that's impacted us this year.
Robert Hombach: No, I think that we had the strongest quarter this quarter that we've had. We had a strong back half last year. So the growth rate I think will be moderated and so...
Robert Hombach: Yes, a couple things, Matt. I'd say starting with the U.S., I mean I think if you look at the rolling 12-month data on PPTA, that the growth rate has moderated in the U.S. across the board, basically. And so we're sort of in line with that in the U.S. Outside the U.S., we are anticipating given the results of the Australia tender, which was recently announced, where we will not be one of the 2 providers for recombinant Factor VIII going forward. There's a 12-month transition period, so there's a little bit of uncertainty about how this moves forward. We do expect a negative impact in the back half of this year. The majority of the impact, though, will be realized in 2012 related to Australia, so that is reflected in our guidance. But longer term, as we mentioned in my prepared comments, we do see nice acceleration adjusting for the U.K. tender outside the U.S. so far this year, and we would expect other opportunities to continue to emerge. We're very excited about getting ADVATE approved already in Brazil, but in Russia and China over the next 12 to 18 months, and so emerging markets, I think, continue to offer a nice opportunity for growth for us.
Robert Parkinson: Yes, I would -- this is Bob Parkinson, David. A number of pieces to that. The reality is the European markets continue to be challenging, particularly the more developed Western markets. But having said that, we continue to benefit significantly by emerging developing markets, China, Brazil and so on. Also, generally speaking, the plasma proteins across the board, including developed Europe, were very strong in the second quarter. So it's tough to generalize regarding all markets outside the U.S. We are pleased by the overall strength and growth of our sales outside the U.S., but it is really -- the dynamics are very different between developed Europe, which continues, and we anticipate it's going to continue to be challenging versus our expanding investment and presence in emerging and developing markets, which consistently has been a growth priority for us.
Robert Parkinson: Our position today is much better than what it was I think at the time of the last call. But having said that, we're really not flush with inventory right now as a result of the Octapharma situation. And again, my comment a second ago, particularly in growth outside the U.S., meeting demand, we're doing everything we can to do that. So while our situation, David, has improved dramatically, it's still not flush. And we're continuing to monitor that very closely throughout the rest of the year, particularly in view of some of the anticipated approval stand that we're going to get. So we continue to put everything behind making sure we have adequate supply.
Robert Parkinson: Let me just -- I'll turn this over to Bob, because there's a lot of moving pieces. You're right, the Octapharma piece that you mentioned, Mike, is in fact part of it, but it's just one of a number of pieces, so I'm going to let Bob kind of walk you through.
Robert Parkinson: Yes, there's no change on that front than what we've messaged. There's a number of active PD deals that we're currently looking at, but these are the kinds of things that are consistent with what we've kind of messaged, so the kind of things you would expect. So I would tell you we would expect, certainly we hope that we'll do a couple things in the second half of the year.
Robert Parkinson: Yes, Kristen, this is Bob Parkinson. We haven't really decided yet. I think this question came up on last quarter's call. We realize the curiosity on your collective behalf and so on, but as I commented previously, and then actually in my formal comments this morning, I mean the external environment continues to be challenging. Number of things are settling out. And I think until we get a little more visibility on that, we're not going to be forthcoming. But we do plan on setting something up before long, so we'll let you all know.
Robert Parkinson: The other thing that I would add to Bob's comments, Larry, your observation's right. As we utilize existing capacity, we do get favorable absorption on both collection and fractionation. But as you know, and I commented the last quarter, our current plans are now to leave old L.A. [ph] frac in operation for an extended period of time to meet the demand. But in order to do that, there will be some costs going forward associated with that, that were not earlier planned either. So that, in addition to the comments that Bob just made, it would be an offset to the improved efficiencies in terms of capacity utilization.
Robert Parkinson: Well, as I mentioned earlier, operationally, we do see some improvement in the 40 to 50 basis point range in the second half versus the first half. But the benefit we saw from the mix related to vaccines and anesthesia in the second quarter and to FX, we're not counting on those 3 in the back half, so those tend to offset the underlying operational benefit that we're talking about here, and that's why we didn't change the margin guidance for the back half.
Robert Parkinson: Yes, I mean, I'd hate to speculate, but I think the facts are that clearly, more product, more raw plasmas become available in the market over the last 9 months basically. But what we don't know is what they'd continue to collect themselves and how much they'd process. So again, I would simply be speculating. At this point, what we really were focused on is ramping up the both the collections and potentially accessing this third-party plasma in order to ensure that we had product available to meet what has turned out to be very significant demand for our product in the 20% range here in the last couple of quarters. And so that's really the approach we've taken and anything else, I'd say, would be speculation.
Robert Parkinson: Well, look, I think the big driver long-term, Mike, is the timely and successful launch of our pipeline now as it comes to fruition. Because obviously, and I'm generalizing now, but most of the new products that we've invested in will generate higher gross margins than our overall existing portfolio by design. And so if you look out over the next 5 years, I think the most significant driver in GP appreciation will really be associated with successful new product launches.
Robert Parkinson: Let me jump on the second question. Mary Kay, you can maybe address the first in response to Rick's question. There really hasn't been a significant delay on the HHD from what the expectations we've set all along. I mean this is a complex system, a new system that's being developed, and there's always challenges on the timetable. But actually, we've been very pleased with the pace of development with our partner DEKA to get to the point, as I said, we'll be starting the clinicals very shortly in the U.S., which is basically in line with -- so no significant deviation from what we've messaged from the start. And because it is a totally new system and not one that's an adaptation or modification to an existing system, you clearly want to have a high confidence level on all operating aspects of the system. Even though it's a clinical trial, you're putting a patient on the system, and we want to be as confident as we can be that we've addressed all the issues. So as much as anything, Rick, I think it's about being cautious and disciplined and rigorous about how we do this. But again, just to reinforce, I mean we have not incurred a meaningful deviation from the timetable that we've communicated from the start. I don't know if you want to add to that, Mary Kay, or address the first part of the question or both.
Robert Parkinson: Let me just add to that, and maybe just a higher level of perspective on this aside from the timing of the clinical trial. We continue to be, if anything, even more encouraged about the opportunity that exists with the whole area of home dialysis, whether its PD or HHD. I think this is one where the external environment that we talk about all the time is presenting challenges. It's an area that provides a significant opportunity for us because whether it's lower cost, enhanced patient convenience, and we believe particularly in the case of the home HHD, enhanced clinical outcomes, this is a product that I think is it will benefit and a therapy that will benefit by the external environmental pressures and changes. So we continue to be very encouraged by that. Okay, Mary Kay, back to you then.
Robert Parkinson: And you all know this, the constraints to expansion of the Sub-Q segment as much as anything has to do with the administration complexities and inconvenience incurred by patients in terms of multiple injection sites and so on, which then of course gets to the heart of our HyQ program and our recent regulatory submission in that regard. So again, our longer-term view, and you all know this, is that when that gets approved, it will be an expander to the Sub-Q segment significantly.
Robert Parkinson: Well, look, it's not a guarantee until you get the approval. I think we're very confident we'll get approval soon. And "soon" and "imminent" means like very soon and very imminent. But until you have it, you don't have it, and that's the best I can do.
Robert Parkinson: I think the key takeaway on this, as Bob commented earlier, is that the device is being very well received in the marketplace, and we're very pleased with that. So we continue to make very good progress in converting the COLLEAGUE base too soon [ph].
