James K. Saccaro: Sure. Good morning, Matt. Thanks for the question. With respect to Claris, we have included no impact from that transaction. We expect that the transaction will close in the second half. Upon closing the transaction, we will provide updated guidance, both from a sales and an EPS standpoint. As it relates to ScinoPharm, there is really no material impact in 2017. The large majority of those molecules will launch in 2020, so we have a few years before we start to experience the benefits from that important partnership. And then finally, from the other injectable products, we haven't broken out the specific sales related to the Carrera (20:56) molecules. What we have said is we expect the original set of molecules to generate approximately a little north $200 million in annual sales, but that ramps up over a number of years. In 2017, the impact is still modest. So, what I would say overall is we're very excited about the generic injectable space. It's an area where we believe Baxter can win and do very well, but we're really setting the stage for that success in the first half and second half of 2017.
James K. Saccaro: Great. Yeah, from the first half to the second half, there were a couple of drivers that impact the operating margin and EPS. And just to run through those, one is cyclophosphamide. From first half to second half, we expect $40 million run rate decline, and so that's about $0.06 of impact. We also expect a ramp down in TSAs of approximately $30 million. So, that's roughly $0.04 of impact. And then the other important thing that we're doing in the second half of the year is we're accelerating some investments in R&D. It's important for us to really set the stage for accelerating growth in the future that has been a core area of focus for us over the last eight quarters. And so, for us, we are ramping up some spending, about $40 million or roughly $0.07 of impact related to first half to second half increases in R&D spending. The final point I would make with respect to second half EPS, not operating margin, is the tax rate because the primary source of benefit related to the new stock option exercise and stock issuance guideline is a first quarter impact. The tax rate picks up in the second half of the year roughly $0.03. So, interestingly, if you total all of this, we're talking about $0.20 of impact in the second half of the year or roughly $110 million, $120 million worth of pre-tax impact in the second half. So, that's really the drivers as to why we're not seeing the standard rates of growth that we've seen previously in the second half of this year.
James K. Saccaro: Sure. First, as it relates to cash flow, great performance in the quarter, and it was definitely a little bit ahead of our expectations. It was certainly ahead of last year, but as you'll remember, Mike, we did have a tax payment last year that distorted the Q1 result. But importantly, the pieces that I think we're pleased with, days payable, we held flat, but days inventory on hand, we improved 16 days roughly year-over-year. DSO was down nine days year-over-year, so this relentless focus on working capital balances is paying dividends, and the teams are hard at work driving a result in this regard. The other piece of this relates to CapEx where we continue to focus on driving savings where possible, taking a zero-based approach to CapEx and capital spending. The reason we haven't raised guidance, in my prepared remarks, I said our confidence in our ability to beat or exceed guidance has increased. So much of our free cash flow is concentrated in the fourth quarter of the year that it's very difficult to have a line of sight to exactly how payables and receivables will land at year-end. And given the back-end load of cash flow, it's a very volatile number. So, I think for us, we have an improved line of sight, increasing level of confidence. We'll watch this throughout the year, and perhaps if things continue along the current trend in Q2 or Q3, we'll be able to update guidance and provide some updated numbers in that regard. As it relates to the SG&A initiatives, yeah, I will tell you, we as a team are very proud of the progress that we've made in the transformation of Baxter. We started this in the second half of 2015, you recall, really accelerated the efforts in earnest in 2016. And our business transformation office led by Cathy Skala is focused on a number of important initiatives. One of them relates to zero-based budget. And I will say that in 2017 in the first quarter, we benefited from a lot of the zero-based efforts that we put in place last year related to organization efficiencies, related to spending initiatives. So, really, the primary driver of the benefit in the first quarter was driven by many of these savings initiatives that we initiated last year. And then the other thing that we've done is for the back-office functions, principally finance, IT, HR, we started an initiative to drive and improve the efficiency of those functions. The most notable area to-date, the most achievement in this area has been led by our IT team. So, Paul Martin, our CIO, and his entire organization have been incredibly focused on creatively driving down the cost of the IT infrastructure. And so, that was one element of driving improvement in the first quarter. So, those are a few of the highlights I would say. We'll stop short of getting into specific head count. We have delineated this program in detail in our 10-K where we talk about the spending requirements to the program but also the overall savings programs, and I would say that this is very much tracking in line or ahead of expectations at this point.
James K. Saccaro: Sure. First, as it relates to Q2, to your point, David, it is the most difficult comp of the year. Q2 last year, we had 12% growth in the U.S., so a really strong performance. And we had a very strong pump placement quarter along with strong sales in our Surgical Care area. So, from a comp standpoint, it's a challenging one. I would say there's two other factors in play that are factors that are well understood from our perspective. First is Fluid Systems in the U.S., 20% growth. We do expect that to come down over time as we anniversary certain agreements and as we start to get to a more steady-state approach from a pump placement and sets growth standpoint. So, that 20% growth is not a number that we expect to see for the continued future. That will moderate down. And then the other factor is, as Joe referenced in his comments regarding sales, we did have a bolus of sales related to a product called Transderm Scop, about $20 million or so of sales in the first quarter. We expect the alternate supplier to be back on the market. In fact, they are on the market, so those sales will moderate down. That benefit will be more muted as we look to the second quarter. So, what I will tell you is, it is, however, consistent with our original expectations from a sales growth standpoint. As it relates to the Fluid Systems business, 20% growth in the U.S., zero percent, international. If we were to exclude strategic exits, we would see 3% international growth, 12% growth overall, or 13% on an operational basis, excluding the strategic exits. Really, the way to think about that, our infusion systems was high single-digit growth, and really, with the pumps – it wasn't really a pump story. It was more about the sets associated with the pumps because we had good pump placements in Q1 of last year. And so, we saw double-digit, near-teens growth from a set standpoint. Our whole theory in terms of our pumps business is as we grow the installed base, these sets ride along at a higher margin and helps transform the margin profile of the company. That clearly played out with the Q1 result with the double-digit growth in sets. And then the IV business in the first quarter in the U.S., we saw very significant growth, north of 20%. And that was very much a mix of volume along with some pricing. So, again, it was ahead of our expectations overall. We're pleased with the progress there and continue to focus on driving sales of the SPECTRUM pump because that's such an important aspect of our overall business.
James K. Saccaro: Look, I don't know that we would – we have items that are new items to point out with respect to our long-term guidance at this stage. The biggest note I would make is we are certainly ahead of our expectations, and the guidance that we give for this year in 2017 currently sits at $2.20 to $2.28. I believe that's above the 2018 guidance we shared in July of last year. So, a lot of work, a lot of strong momentum. That's probably the biggest change that we've seen in our overall guidance. In areas like working capital or CapEx, we've also seen some improvements, so those would be a couple of other items that we're hard at work in our long-range financial planning process isolating. Beyond that, there's no major dynamic change. We are excited about some of the portfolio items that Joe highlighted in his comments earlier and some of the work that our teams have done from an R&D standpoint, so that should feature – but again, the biggest impact, those will come a little bit later in the long-range plan.
James K. Saccaro: Sure. So, as we look at the updated guidance, the midpoint of the range increases about $0.10, and principally, $0.07 of that has arrived in Q1. We expect another $0.03 related to cyclophosphamide. So, really, those are the drivers as we look at the margin improvement on a full-year basis. The Q1 driver, clearly Fluid Systems, had a stand-out quarter. That was an important aspect along with some SG&A savings that contributed ahead of schedule to drive the $0.07. But really, as we move forward, the big change to guidance relates to cyclo. As we look at other factors like foreign exchange, sundry, interest, tax, and share count, they all essentially net out to zero. So, the big drivers are the two that I've mentioned.
José E. Almeida: Matt, the performance of our Renal business in the PD, peritoneal dialysis, and acute renal care is doing very well. And because we are market leaders in both of them, our growth for the vast majority dictates the growth of the market. We have added a good number of patients for the PD business. And AMIA has been a tremendous success in the U.S. As a matter of fact, the growth is at or above what we have said before in terms of market. The issue that we have is simply in-center HD and is focused in Europe for the vast majority. We have had a decent amount (22:38) of competition – price competition actually in Europe on the dialyzer, and we have plans to come back at that with growth opportunities in Asia to offset that. And our issue in Renal is primarily Europe in-center HD, and we are attentively looking at that. Just a note on the general business of Baxter, for Europe, we have made significant changes in management and as well as country management. We are revamping that organization and looking forward to the new folks to make an impact. So, that's the area of focus that we have right now. But in terms of the Renal business, not only we are very happy with the PD business and acute renal care. Matter of fact, the acute renal care, we are taking market share in the U.S. as we speak. We continue to convert at a large rate hospitals in the U.S., and the profitability, most importantly, has increased significantly in the renal business. So, we're quite happy with that. So, the focus, as I said, is in fixing Europe in-center HD.
José E. Almeida: Vijay, good morning. My perspective has not changed about where Baxter stands. We're open to the tuck-ins, and we're doing them, and we're working very hard to get even more opportunities. We have a good pipeline in our pharmaceutical business between partnership and some tuck-ins and even in our advanced surgery, our biosurgery business. With the performance of the company and the work that Jay and Cathy Skala have done in our business transformation process and how quick we are integrating and simplifying our back office, I feel more confident that Baxter could do a 20%, 25% of our market cap deal without a problem, okay? It doesn't mean that we're going to do it, but my confidence has increased in the management of the company in really pulling off something that would be a good deal for our shareholders in terms of bringing synergies to the bottom line and a good accretion to the top line.
José E. Almeida: Mike, you have a good memory, and I'm happy you listen to what I say. We do have more confidence in Baxter. First of all, as a new CEO last year, you're just getting to know the company. You're getting to know the management and its capabilities. No, we have a solid team, a very, very good team, and the execution has been great. So, that gives me confidence that we can do something bigger if the opportunity arises and things are in the right place, and there is value for our shareholders and never compromising what we think is our primary reason in doing deals, which is deliver more value to our shareholders. So, basically, our confidence goes up, the percentage goes up, and I think it's really reasonable to assume that if there's an opportunity, Baxter has the balance sheet, has the borrowing capability, and we feel comfortable with it.
José E. Almeida: David, I would say that all of the efforts that were put into innovation and the better deployment of R&D dollars and portfolio management are all starting to give us more comfort that our top line growth can be augmented organically towards the end of 2017 into 2018. Those are not overnight programs. Those are programs that take a significant amount of time if you know our products. Even our hemostats, those are long-term studies that need to be done. But as what I have seen so far coming out our R&D reviews and portfolio business reviews that we're going to start getting momentum towards the end of this year, beginning next year with the things that we started since we started as CEO. I would say that there are some very notable upticks in areas like PD with AMIA and HOMECHOICE CLARIA. We are seeing the launch of some technologies across the board that were not before emphasized by the company such as our extra portfolio (35:48) technologies as well as acute renal care new technology we match (35:51). So, I would tell our investors that there's a significant focus in innovation, but innovation is the part that takes a little longer, and we see that hitting most in 2018. Our story is one of providing value to the shareholder. We went very hard at our cost structure as well as our efficiency selling products in the market, and you can see that. The Claris acquisition will bring some really good molecules, between 150 to 175. I gave the team led by Robert Felicelli a specific goal that by 2021, we need to have more than 300 molecules in the marketplace as well as understanding and potential pipeline of biosimilars. So, we are just in the beginning of our journey to develop a really strong top line organic growth company. And in the meantime, to deliver value to our shareholders, we're hitting everything that we can in terms of making this company the most efficient and effective in everything we do.
José E. Almeida: Hi, Larry. The Renal pipeline is one of the richest that we have right now. And we reorganized our company that put squarely under the general managers and presidents of the businesses, the research and development management with people that we brought from other companies to Baxter. It has enhanced significantly our ability to not only develop, put products in the market but also accelerate the clinical studies that we're doing. So, I'll give an example. We're very excited about THERANOVA. We're going to be investing in the next few years $25 million in clinical data because we are convinced and have sufficient data in hand right now that proves this product is superior to any dialyzer in the market today. When it comes to acute renal care, we have great products for the sepsis treatment. We're going to continue to double down (41:56) in places like Japan and bring that technology on a global basis. And then let me talk about the point of care. A lot has been said by a bunch of different people about point of care and PD and all of this stuff. And Baxter is probably the only company that has the capability to vertically integrate all of these technologies. And to that end, we will be putting our first patient on point of care treatment towards the end of 2018. So, we have a very strong belief, and our pathway is now determined that we can do that. So, that is a great achievement to the chronic renal team that has put that together. So, as I say to the folks at Baxter, go compete for the dollars, go show the best ROIC, and Renal has done a great job so far. I hope the other divisions will follow through, go fight for that dollar that we have available for product development and clinicals.
José E. Almeida: Clinical trial. Will be first – a little – I would say fourth quarter of 2018 we'll have a (43:16) first patient clinical trial. And from that point on, we're going to roll it out as soon as we can in terms of getting the population defined by the agencies in terms of clinical trial. And the launch, we'll be looking at probably towards the end of 2019.
José E. Almeida: Larry, this is a very dynamic marketplace. There's a lot of things happening. We have a relentless focus in inorganic opportunities. But inorganic opportunities is now what will drive our company solely. So, we do a very good balance between how much time we spend in looking new opportunities, how much time we spend managing Baxter's current businesses and making sure that all the businesses are performing well. We are every month looking at least 10, 12 opportunities. Some fall off for financial reasons. Some of them have changed in dynamics and performance and situation. With the expansion of our reach in terms of size, it brings a bit more opportunity to the table in terms of evaluating. This doesn't mean that we're going to do the deal, but this means that we're going to evaluate. And one thing Baxter is starting to do very well, we're very fast at evaluating the deal coming to the table, have enhanced significantly our internal capabilities, which are under Andy Kidd who runs the strategy for us and BD&L (45:12) and David Roman who is in strategy as well here. So, these teams have been put together, a significant amount of horsepower. So, we are doing everything we can, but the first thing is if it strategically makes sense, it needs to make sense for our shareholders. The money, when we look at this, this is not our money. We're just here taking care of the money for our shareholders.
José E. Almeida: Hi, Bob. We have four areas that we consider core growth in our portfolio. It doesn't mean that we don't pay attention neither invest in those other areas. We do and we pay a lot of attention to those. But Renal is about new therapies and end-to-end care of our patients. Then we have critical care, which is an augmentation of what we already have between acute renal care as well as our IPS, our fluid management business. Then we have the Baxter Pharmaceutical business, which is to go into generics and eventually into biosimilars, okay, all injectables, cytotoxic molecules, oncolytics, so that's in Baxter Pharmaceutical. And then you have advanced surgery, which is to complement our product. So, the way we think about this, by defining broader categories within Baxter, allows us to look at spaces that is less singularly focused on product but more focused in areas of care. So, in process of looking at this, we really stumble at opportunities and encounter opportunities that has a little bit of white space in them. At the moment, we are looking at augmentation to support areas of growth for us, not specifically and exclusively in white spaces. We're not there yet. We have our venture capital group here at Baxter where we look at opportunities in white space, but those are at the venture capital level. So, this should give you a bit more color on how we think about deals. The second in wound management specifically is a natural adjacency of our biosurgery business, which is an adjunct, that knowledge in the OR, are opportunities such as this one we just acquired. It's a small business but goes nicely into our wraps bags (50:08). The wound management per se in terms of traditional wound management, specifically is not an area of interest. As I said, we may come across a company that we like overall products but has that as a small business. It's a different conversation. But to have us specifically targeting wound management is not something that is in the cards at the moment in time. This has to do with wound closure, which is very adjacent to our hemostat and sealing business.
José E. Almeida: Danielle, if you look at our long-term objective is to be at mid-single digit growth rate, okay? And the only way to get there in the markets that we are today is to go into a business like the generic injectables, which will change the weighted average market growth rate of our company. So, I would say that Claris will have an impact likely in 2018, and then when you go in 2019 and 2020, they will bring probably 50 to 100 basis points of incremental growth to the company because it's not Claris itself, but it's everything else that will be attached to Claris. Claris has great manufacturing capabilities. In our integration plans, we are already starting to expand a couple of their buildings to put more capability like dual chamber bags and other things there. And so, we are looking at that as a platform. So, I would say that with comfort that 50 to 100 basis points in the midterm growth rate is acceptable. We're looking at Brik Eyre and Robert Felicelli (53:55) to really deliver on those numbers and also to augment our molecule pipeline.
José E. Almeida: Matt, you have to think about what are the major prerequisites for something to get into the funnel. And one of them is be within those four pillars I mentioned before. The second thing is to make sure there is category of leadership in the products that people make and sell. Then once you pass through those broad lenses, it's about what can Baxter do to be a better owner for that business. And if you look at our contract capability in the U.S., (55:45) growth in the U.S., this is phenomenal job (55:47) doing this. So, that is a positive. Baxter is a hospital company, and we are a supply company. We are in every hospital in this country. So, we should have the ability to bring synergy (56:01) in terms of distribution as well as how we manage sales and marketing within the regions of the world because we are effective and very efficient in doing it. Above and beyond that, the scale of products and the ability to synergize by channel, you have the whole efficiency of cost to maintain the infrastructure, the pure G&A, which I think now we are in a position to really bring a lot of synergies to the table that about a year-and-a-half ago, we were not. So, that gives me confidence that once and if we find the right opportunity for Baxter and our shareholders, we will have the channel synergy as well as the cost synergy. Now, remember, we always have this conversation about improving our weighted average market growth rate, and that's the only and sole focus of going into businesses on an inorganic manner and to get businesses that have markets that they serve that will be complementary to ours and the growth will be accretive to us. So, once we get those things on the table, we can make our decisions more clearly.
José E. Almeida: So, this is a platform for Baxter. Baxter had this product line for decades in several different shapes and form. We are here to stay. We have this SPECTRUM platform today in the U.S. and Canada, which is doing very, very well. Most importantly is not only the pumps but also the ability to place the sets. And the sets are what continues to deliver on profitability and revenue growth. We have a couple more generations of our SPECTRUM pump coming up in the next couple of years, and then we're going to launch a new global platform that includes different types of pumps that were currently in development. We're outside the U.S. We have a partnership with a foreign manufacturer where we're going to be augmenting our product lines in Anglo-Saxon speaking countries, so we have the ability to replace our old platform called COLLEAGUE, which is still being sold outside the U.S. in a few countries with a much more modern. But the beauty about our platform on a global basis is our drug library is second to none. And having that being retrofitted in any platform, including the one that we are developing with a foreign partner at the moment, is really important. So, our teams are working very hard. We have augmented our research and development teams across the globe. We have strong center in the U.S. We have centers now in India. We augmented not only with third-party design houses but also our own people in our R&D centers in India. So, we are ramping up to really make this business a leading business in the industry that it competes.
José E. Almeida: Glenn, I don't think there was any pull forward. I think our cycle of sales and growth that Jay had explained here, it had to do a lot with the placements of products that we had early this year and also in the last year-and-a-half. So, we see the U.S. supply business as steady, as low single-digit growth, but it is growing. And we don't see at the moment anything that would create major disruption to the system. Clearly, healthcare reform is up there. And now, they were looking at tax reform and how things are coming along, but I think in businesses like ours where the significant infrastructure products that are used for day-to-day operation of a hospital or a care center or patient care like our PD business, we see that the market in the U.S. is still a good market. The increase of growth is about 2%, 3%. So, we find no disruption in the near term or foreseeable future to that market.
José E. Almeida: Glenn, once you take out the businesses that we exited, which are all in emerging markets, so we are talking about India, you're talking about Venezuela, you're talking about Turkey. Our growth was 6%, and emerging markets is 20% to 22% of our overall sales. You have an impressive growth in Latin America ex Venezuela of 10%. We had good growth in China, 5%. Remember, we are not in physician-preferred medical devices in China. We are local manufacturer of fluids in China for PD and so specialty fluids or IV as well as nutrition. So, 5% is a good growth in China for those products. Emerging Asia, 5%, and East EMEA (01:03:45), which is all the Eastern Europe, Middle East, and Africa is about 4%. So, I'm quite happy with that. We had to exit those businesses because the profitability profile of them were way below what we had set as acceptable for our company. But ex those businesses, we are pretty good there. The issues that we have in international, some parts of Europe which are underperforming, as I said, we're taking measures to replace management but also to extend product line offerings and clinical trials to get new products in the market there.
