John Groetelaars: Thanks, Barb. In summary, we reported solid results for Q3 and raised our guidance for the third consecutive quarter. We are on track to deliver another year of strong financial performance with underlying mid-single digit revenue and double-digit bottom line growth, showcasing the benefits of our diversified portfolio and optionality it creates as we successfully navigate challenging events like the global pandemic. Importantly, we continue to generate this high level of performance, while investing in our business to drive accelerated and sustainable growth in the future. We appreciate that many of you are evaluating Hill-Rom’s growth prospects and opportunities beyond the current fiscal year. And while it’s too early to provide detailed 2022 guidance, we want to reiterate our conviction and commitment towards our previously disclosed long-term growth profile. This includes mid-single digit revenue growth and double-digit EPS growth for the future years. Specifically for fiscal 2022, we expect the floor of our guidance range to reflect this profile after adjusting for the one-time COVID-related benefit in the first half of fiscal ‘21. This benefit includes approximately $80 million in revenue and adjusted earnings of $0.40 per share. Obviously, there continues to be uncertainty regarding the pandemic, the effectiveness of vaccination efforts and resurgence of new variants. These factors as well as the underlying strength of the portfolio, the impact of the Bardy transaction and mitigations around a rising cost environment are all contemplated in this outlook. Let me close by once again thanking the Hill-Rom team around the world for their resilience, unwavering commitment, passion for meeting the evolving needs of our customers and their winning spirit. Our vision of advancing connected care is more vital than ever. By successfully executing on our strategy, we look forward to unlocking significant value for patients, caregivers and shareholders as we deliver on our mission. That concludes our prepared remarks. And now I would like to open it up for Q&A.
John Groetelaars: Yes. Thanks, Rick. As you can appreciate, we can’t comment on rumor or speculation. What I can say is that we are laser-focused on driving our strategy of connected care and category leadership, and we are very pleased with the progress we are making. To your question, where are we in the journey, my point is a statistic that we shared on the call today that 30% of our revenue today is connected care devices, and it’s growing at 20%. So as a proxy, we think that’s a very important metric that we will continue to update investors on. So, you might say that we are one-third of the way there. And we have two-thirds of our portfolio to go to turn it into a complete connected care portfolio growing at those kind of market growth rates. And as you may have seen in our slide, Slide #8, you will see that those growth categories of care communications and connected monitoring, that – those are the highest growth categories that we are in, double-digit growth categories. If we can move our entire portfolio into double-digit growth markets, I would say we have achieved our objective.
John Groetelaars: Yes. Thanks, Rick. I appreciate that. And you take it with a smile. I can see in your face. We are very pleased with the progress, right. If I just start with the stripping out all these COVID factors for this year, we would be first half of the year flat growth on the top line. We just reported 10% in Q3. And our guide in Q4 is 12% plus. So, we like the momentum we see in the underlying business and are very pleased with the progress that we are making with all of the various investments you outlined through M&A, through new products, through connected care, through emerging markets. So, those are all clicking. It’s a little bit early for us to provide guidance for 2022. And we like having a stellar record of meeting or beating guidance that we put out there. I think we have done that now 16 quarters in a row. We will be measured and will be balanced in our outlook. And as we get closer to each of the quarters, we will update you. But there is reason for optimism. We are comfortable with where consensus currently sits. And we will, in the next couple of months, close out our year and talk about ‘22.
John Groetelaars: Yes, sure. Great question, Bob. When we – obviously, we were in litigation for several months with Bardy. We didn’t have visibility to their performance during that period. But a few weeks ago, we got visibility to it. And we were extremely impressed with the execution of the team has continued to work against. To answer your question about growth, it’s well over 50% growth in revenue on a year-over-year basis. It’s going to contribute even just in two months of our fourth quarter. There will be 100 basis points of inorganic growth. And we expect there will be a minimum of 100 basis points of inorganic growth next year as well at gross margins better than the company average. From a dilution point of view, obviously, a cut in reimbursement for roughly 30% of the business does have a bottom line impact. It’s about $0.04 to $0.05 this quarter. And as the business scales into next year, that kind of quarterly dilution rate will subside. And we have a lot of levers inside the company. We are a big diverse company. We have a lot of levers we can pull to offset dilution. So yes, there is some dilution in ‘22, but nothing we feel we can’t handle and incorporate as we manage this business going forward. What we – but we still love the Bardy team, the Bardy technology, it is growing at 2x to 3x market growth rates. It’s highly differentiated. It is exceptionally good at diagnosing cardiac arrhythmias. And we bring a tremendous amount of capability with EMR integration and market access and payer relations, not to mention the important, really important work of Medicare and MAC pricing decisions that will be forthcoming in the near future. So, we intend to lean in on all those items and really help the business accelerate under our ownership.
John Groetelaars: Sure. Thanks Mike. Another really important part of our diligence or evaluation of strategic options in the last few weeks and we are really pleased with the progress Bardy was making as well as the work that they were doing with other industry players. And without getting into specifics, we feel confident that positive changes can be made with either CMS or the MAC or Novitas in the coming months that we can make some progress to advance those discussions. And we are hopeful that a more positive reimbursement rate will follow for calendar year ‘22. No promises yet. We haven’t factored in that kind of upside into our outlook. But there is reason to have hope that, that could be in the cards for the next calendar year.
John Groetelaars: Yes. I think, Mike, you or maybe another sell-side analyst observing that the proposed higher rate of mid-400s was probably viewed as too high. And then the current, certainly, the $55 initially, now the $110 Novitas rate was viewed as too low. So, I think someone was framing it that way. And that seems like a reasonable way to frame it. I am not going to put a number out there. But at its current level, it’s not sustainable for appropriate access for Medicare patients. That, we all agree on. And that’s the case that we need to present data to the MAX and Novitas and CMS that that’s not a reimbursement rate that is viable and does not provide appropriate access for these patients. So we will see where those discussions end up. But we – I think we all in the industry side and those who have accessed this information and see what the true cost of delivering service and the devices is all can agree that the current reimbursement rate is too low.
John Groetelaars: Yes. I mean in our prepared remarks, we commented it grew 35% in the quarter, which was an acceleration from Q2 at 15%. We’re really pleased with our broad portfolio of offerings there. We generally don’t comment on the details of our backlog. But I will tell you that, that large deal that we discussed several quarters now is underway. Orders are being received and being shipped. We will expect to see some revenue recognition in our current fourth quarter. And with that in our pipeline and into next year, we continue to expect double-digit growth in that overall category.
John Groetelaars: Yes. Thanks for the question. We’re – the COVID period of time was very challenging for that component of our respiratory health business, because respiratory therapists were so busy with COVID patients. Now returning to normalcy of workflow and patient therapies that respirologists and respiratory therapists are dealing with, we’re seeing really nice traction resuming in the last couple of quarters with our at-home ventilator product, which is the Life2000 device. And we’re kind of back on track with the trajectory that we had shortly after the acquisition. As you’ll remember, last year, we had a very large stockpile order for that ventilator product. And now that we’re passing in Q4, we will pass the comp of that, which we passed part of it in this last quarter, but it’s a significant, I think, $25 million comp in Q4. And once we cycle past that, we will start to see more transparently the performance of that business. But we’re really pleased with the rate of prescription growth and the rate of placements in the home for that therapy.
John Groetelaars: Yes. Obviously, now that things are normalizing and access has largely normalized, we’ve been building a backlog and an order book during the last six quarters, and now that’s starting to get deployed. So we’re really pleased with the performance there. As we talked about in our prepared comments, GSS grew at 80%, excluding COVID. But if you take out the OEM exit, it’s actually 30%. And then if you look into Q4, we expect that growth rate at that high, high double-digit growth to continue. And we’re really excited about the new Helion launch, which is our, really, our first truly connected OR integration product. It is such a cool product for you to see. If I can definitely demonstrate it one day for you, but without the surgeon touching anything, they are able to control all the video elements that are going on in the OR, all the video, the imaging elements, other data that they need to use to navigate during the procedure and have access to timely information. This is really truly next-generation integration in the OR. And we’re very excited about the opportunities for that platform to serve as our OR connectivity hub as we build out additional digital solutions in the operating room. So we’re excited about that business. We’re really excited about the new launch for Helion. On Integrated Table Motion now that, again, robotic placements start picking up, our attachment rate to that robotic system is extremely high. So we’re pleased with that performance, too.
John Groetelaars: Yes. Just to clarify, Asia Pacific was up 10%, but the China business last quarter doubled, wasn’t double digit. We have had double-digit growth in China for eight of the last nine quarters. There was one quarter during the pandemic where it went backwards. But otherwise, we’re very pleased with the traction we’re seeing there and continue to believe we have significant untapped potential in our China market for our portfolio.
John Groetelaars: Yes. We’re not calling out any expected COVID benefit in the future. We didn’t see anything in Q3, don’t expect any in Q4. So with the exception of the $80 million of benefit that we saw in the first two quarters this year, $40 million each quarter on top line, that’s the comp or the headwind that will overcome as we enter ‘22.
John Groetelaars: Look, I think the underlying business, I will repeat those metrics. I think the progression we’re seeing on the acceleration of our performance this year. If you do apples-to-apples, excluding COVID, Q1 and Q2 were flat. Excluding COVID, we had a COVID benefit in Q1 and Q2 that drove the growth. If you strip that out as flat, Q3 was 10% growth and we expect Q4 to be 12%. So, that’s pretty good progression. We are very pleased with that progression. We will obviously have some headwind comps to overcome in Q1 and Q2. And once we finalize guidance for ‘22, we will be here in 3 months talking about it.
John Groetelaars: Yes, great question. This is our enhanced physical assessment tools. It adds a smartphone technology to otoscopes and ophthalmoscopes. And the initial response has been very strong. We’re seeing a lot of great use cases that we expected. The ability to capture images, store them, see disease progression, share them with other caregivers or share with family members are all the things we expected would delight those customers. There hasn’t been that kind of innovation in this space for a long, long time. So we’re super excited about the feedback we’re getting. And we think it’s going to bring growth to a large category that is largely been flat year-over-year for many years.
John Groetelaars: I’d say nothing material to date. We’re looking closely at ways we can help meet patient needs and demand. But we haven’t directly seen any benefit there.
John Groetelaars: Sure. Well, of the six acquisitions we’ve done, five of them would be in the connected care category. In total, as we said in our prepared comments, all those acquisitions were $80 million. So of the five that are connected care, the one that’s not is the ventilator, right, the Breathe acquisition. So of that $80 million, I think it’s around $50 million of it would be connected care. So it’s not a material portion of that growth. It’s really just part of it, but it’s not a meaningful material needle-mover.
John Groetelaars: Yes. That’s probably more of a hypothetical. Let me clarify that comment. I mean we are at 30% today. Of course, there is no reason to have certain parts of our portfolio connected. So, maybe the upper limit of the practical – we are not going to say anything just for the sake of connecting them. It’s got to add value to the customer. So maybe it’s more like that the upper threshold is probably more like 80% of the portfolio would be benefited by a connected solution. And that’s – it’s also incorporating the mix right, of new products becoming a larger portion of the mix, the acquisitions becoming a larger portion of the mix. And that also helps our gross margin by the way, because these are accretive gross margin products. So, that’s another benefit to these connected care product. As that mix shifts over time and it’s moved quite a bit in the last couple of years as you have seen from that slide on Slide 9 that becomes the growth driver in the company and gives us that gross margin and not margin leverage we are looking for.
