Mary Kay Ladone: Thanks, Don. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our Q1 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Joining me today are Bob Parkinson, CEO and Chairman of Baxter International; and Bob Hombach, Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, let me remind you that this presentation, including comments regarding our financial outlook, new product developments and regulatory matters, contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties and, of course, our actual results could differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filings for more detail concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. In addition, in today's call, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Baxter's ongoing business performance. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures being discussed today to the comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings release issued this morning and available on our website. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Bob Parkinson.
Mary Kay Ladone: No. I was just going to say, David, we have started conformance lots in old L.A. And as Bob mentioned, we remain on track for clearance and to start shipping product in the third quarter, so no change in expectations there. And I'd also point out that the strong recombinant sales driven, really, by ADVATE in the U.S., we are expecting to take out some inventory as we move throughout the year, so we aren't expecting in our guidance to continue to see as strong a performance going forward.
Mary Kay Ladone: Sure. Matt, as we mentioned in the prepared comments, we have already enrolled about 200 of the 400 patients, and we are expecting to complete enrollment by the end of this year. As you recall, the trial designed for the second Phase III is exactly similar to the first Phase III. So it's an 18-month follow-up, which would mean that we wouldn't complete the trial until mid-2015.
Mary Kay Ladone: And Larry, I would just add, just so everybody knows. I mean, gross margin, we do expect to be lower in the second half as we bring the Gambro business into the mix. So just so you have that, it will be lower than the first half.
Mary Kay Ladone: Larry, the update on Alzheimer's. So as we mentioned, we did lock the database recently and we're in the process of analyzing the data. So we do expect to issue a press release during the second quarter with the top line results. I think as we mentioned last quarter, we do plan to have the full data set available at an upcoming medical conference, which is in July.
Mary Kay Ladone: Yes. Mike, we have the interim data. And we do plan on meeting with the FDA in the second quarter as we had articulated at the last conference call.
Mary Kay Ladone: No. But we'll be able to give you an update probably at the second quarter call on where we are with HyQ after the meeting with the FDA.
Mary Kay Ladone: Yes. Kristen, I think we had mentioned that we had completed enrollment in the end of fourth quarter, and we actually have now completed the dosing of the last patient.
Mary Kay Ladone: Well, there's a 12-month follow-up, so we will complete the trial probably beginning of next year and file next year.
Mary Kay Ladone: Thanks, Bob. BAX 855, we started the Phase III trial and we began dosing patients during the first quarter. This trial includes over 100 patients, and we expect to complete enrollment by the end of this year, and we are remaining on track to file sometime next year.
Mary Kay Ladone: Bob, just recall though that we aren't going to complete the pre-clinical trial till the end of this year. So obviously, we'll have more information once we meet with the FDA on the interim results.
Mary Kay Ladone: I'll take the first half of the question, Rick, and then Bob can take the market opportunity part of your question. But in terms of the trial, the Canadian trial is going to be wrapping up here in the second quarter, and then we'll be wrapping up the submission. And we expect the CE Marking by the end of this year. As you recall, in the U.S., we're still in discussions with the FDA as to whether or not they will require 1 or 2 trials here in the U.S. But we're still planning for a nocturnal indication filing in 2014.
Mary Kay Ladone: Yes. Rick, we are waiting reimbursement approval. You may recall, we did get approval for the product last year. But we can't launch until we have the reimbursement approved, which we expect in the second half of this year.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes. I think, David, your comments about softer surgical procedures are really what drove -- but there's no change in our expectation about the potential for generic competition later this year in this space, so no change there. And as it relates to the non-op items, as I mentioned in my prepared comments, 2 real drivers there: one, foreign exchange; the other one, sale of an intangible asset. And so the FX item really related to some volatility around the euro in the first quarter. As you know, the euro traded anywhere from $1.37 to $1.27 during the course of the quarter, and given our balance sheet positions and the quarters and the months in which it was most volatile, we had a pretty significant outcome there. But as I mentioned in my prepared comments, we also took some costs into -- in the margin that we hadn't expected for this quarter. We expect it later in the year of approximately $20 million. And so as I look at the overall picture, those 2 kind of offset.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes. I would just add that the good news here is that we have multiple avenues to drive accelerated growth going forward, converting plasma-derived even with our own patient base, converting on-demand to prophylaxis and then certainly for those patients that are looking for the opportunity to do less infusions on an annual basis moving towards PK dosing. So again, we're pursuing all those avenues, and I think the 4,000 IU presentation is going to allow us to continue to drive the PK dosing going forward here. Still somewhat early days because it was the third quarter of last year that we really started launching that, but we're seeing progress on all 3 fronts.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes. Yes, it was in line with our expectations. But I think it's important to remember, given the pace of activity in 2012 as we finalized the swap out of COLLEAGUE's and placed a lot of spectrums in the marketplace, we expected going into 2013 that pump sales would be lower than 2012, again, because of that elevated level of activity. And as we look at results in the past, they were again in line with our expectations, and so no issues there.
Robert J. Hombach: Sure, sure. Multiple impacts here. So first off, we do expect to have enhanced flexibility on capacity and supply to the market in the plasma business as we move into the third quarter. As we mentioned, we are producing now, and we expect to be able to start shipping product in the third quarter on the plasma front. And just the way tenders have worked out this year, if I step back and look at sales calendarization for 2013 for the company, Q1, given some year-over-year comp issues around timing of tenders as well as this selling day issue, we have 1 less day in Q1, we'll have 1 more in Q3. Q2 and Q4, I would characterize as normal. And then in Q3 in particular, some significant emerging market-related tenders are scheduled this year versus prior years being in different quarters, so we do expect accelerated top line growth related to that as well. The benefits of our business optimization efforts that we announced at the end of the fourth quarter this year, we'll start to see enhanced benefits from that as we move throughout the course of the year. So those are just some of the key drivers.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes, yes. Well, yes, I think I can at least frame for you what our expectation was. So in our original 2013 guidance, we assumed approximately $80 million in sales related to Spectrum in the U.S. And so, obviously, we have 1 quarter under our belt and sales were approximately $20 million. And then as Bob mentioned, a little bit more than 1/2 of our sales were targeted to go towards existing customers as well. So I think as you peel off the pieces here and you think about the last 9 months of the year and how much sales we had in the original expectation and the fact that a fair amount of that was targeted towards existing customers, we think this is manageable within the context of the mid-products guidance as well as the overall company's sales and EPS guidance.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes. Yes, I mean we've characterized austerity overall as impacting top line and margin, frankly, by approximately $90 million for the full year. China's about 1/3 of that, not all of it related to the renal business but a good chunk of it is related to the renal business. This is something that had been discussed for the last several years and they finally implemented a rebasing of the reimbursement level there. And so we continue to have strong growth from a patient perspective, working very closely with the government in China, see great opportunities to continue to expand our footprint there, but we are encountering a price reduction here in 2013 that's going to impact growth rates.
Robert J. Hombach: No. I don't think it's appropriate for us to comment at this point in time. We continue to work closely with them, and that's all we can say at this point.
Robert J. Hombach: No, no. I mean we're continuing to sell all the albumin we can make, and so we do have some seasonality to availability of supply, given normal year-end shutdowns we do in most of our facilities and so on. We do expect strong albumin growth throughout the course of the rest of the year, so I think it's really just a Q1 phenomenon here.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes. I mean, I think this really is -- I mean, we continue to see very strong demand for our product. As you know, because of the constraints we've had, we've had to be very selective about which markets outside the U.S. we even participate in, as an example. And so I -- we do continue to see strong demand for IGs globally and so what we expect, as we bring meaningful capacity online here and get old L.A. back into a mode where we can sell the product commercially, that we're going to be able to participate at least at market growth rates going forward. And as it relates to albumin, while I would say your characterization around -- in most countries this tracking with surgical volumes and so on is probably pretty good with the exception of China, which I think continues to be in a situation where because of decisions they've taken locally about shutting down collection and so on, they're going to continue to import a significant amount of albumin going forward. And that's one, I think, that offers an opportunity us for here -- for us to continue to grow as we have more capacity come online.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes. I think a couple of factors. Number one, I mean, we do -- we are very excited about the opportunity both in Europe and the U.S. for HyQ. We think this is a significant improvement for patients from a convenient standpoint while offering all the safety and efficacy that we see in our base product. And so over the long-term, we think HyQ is a great opportunity. But as we hopefully get approval here and can launch in the back half of 2013 in Europe, it's going to be a controlled launch. We have the issue of capacity to consider here as well. But we are still in a number of important markets in Western Europe as an example, and so I think there's plenty of opportunity within the markets we're a major participant in today to initially launch HyQ. We are going to launch at a premium because we do think the product, given its characteristics and convenience that it offers, is worthy of a meaningful premium. And so, again, we're going to do a controlled launch, ensure our patients and treaters are aware of the process for the enhanced therapy and that it gets off to a very good start because we do want to make sure this is successful over the long-term. So in the near-term, I don't see this being an issue in terms of market participation in Europe because the key markets we would likely launch HyQ in, anyway, were already in still with IGs.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes. I think a couple of dynamics. For the full year, for sure, as I mentioned in my prepared comments, we expect in the base Baxter expense base, we're going to drive leverage relative to sales for the full year. Q1 has some interesting dynamics. Obviously, given the issues in our pharma partnering business, we came in a little bit lower on the top line in the quarter. As it relates to things like pension expense, that accounted for about 1.5% of growth in the quarter given that impact for the full year. As I mentioned, our business optimization efforts will provide increasing benefits as we move throughout the course of the year. We have been and will continue to make the right investments to ensure we can enhance our position in emerging and developing markets, so no change there. We do have some additional spending in advance of some of the key product launches like we've discussed today around HyQ and also Home HD, which we've made good progress on the trial, as Bob mentioned in his comments, and look for CE Mark here in Europe. So I think it's a balance of targeted investment for the growth opportunities we have and leveraging our existing base through process reengineering.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes -- no, I mean, it's an arrangement we had in a country, so I don't think it's something we want to get into a lot of detail around. It is a one-off. But as I mentioned, the other driver there was FX and other income. It's not something we planned or expect to incur again.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes. Kristen, I think we've talked throughout the course of a few quarters last year, there has been some shakeout in the U.S. amongst the SPPs from a market share standpoint. And as a result, one of our key customers has gotten in the situation where they've lost some share and we're working with them to rightsize their inventory level, given that new share situation. And so I think over the next several quarters, we're talking in the range of approximately $15 million that we'll be working off from a U.S. recombinant standpoint.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes. I would say we can't be more specific. As we mentioned, we locked the database and we're working diligently with our partner on this, ADCS, and so we're certainly as motivated as everyone to get the results compiled and be able to release those. As we mentioned earlier, it will be in the form initially of a press release for the top line results of the 2 primary endpoints and some subgroup analysis related to mild versus moderate and APOE-4 versus non-APOE-4. Those are the stratifications that we'll be able to provide initially. And as Mary Kay mentioned then, the full data set at a conference likely in July.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes -- no, my comments about reimbursement adjustment down relates specifically to the renal business. We have got -- the launch of ADVATE in China is going to be -- it will take a long time to play out. The treatment rates today in China for hemophiliacs are very low even on plasma-derived. So we've got a long way to go to develop that market, but that's one that could be primed for some of our approaches here around public-private partnerships. But we're a long way from anything there.
Robert L. Parkinson: Yes. I don't know, Matt, that we can add a lot more to my comments in response to David Lewis' question. And we're not going to get into specific market share changes and "market shares" and so on. Again, as I've said before, we get a good market response, continue to get good market response for the PK dosing and prophylaxis use and so on, which we're very encouraged by and it's consistent with what we had expected from the outset. So beyond that, I'm not sure that there's a lot more we can say or we want to say at this stage.
Robert L. Parkinson: It won't all be in the second quarter, but most of it will be caught up, Mike, in the remainder of the year.
Robert L. Parkinson: Yes. We're not -- I don't think we're going to speculate on that. Obviously, we have our meeting with the FDA, which we've described. We were encouraged by the progress we've made in Europe. Hopefully, that will be helpful with our discussions here in the U.S. But I think, Bob, to speculate beyond that, we don't want to do that. So...
Robert L. Parkinson: I think the market is soft. It's going to continue to remain soft, I think is our view. I think as it relates to our products, given the nature, the medically necessary nature of our products, the impact will be modest. But I think to suggest that you're going to see a turnaround, Glenn, from the softness we've seen over the last quarter or so would probably be a little too optimistic. I just think the market conditions are going to continue to be very challenging.
Robert L. Parkinson: I wouldn't -- I don't anticipate to see any meaningful incremental impact on our business due to evolving health care reform implementation and so on. So whether it's 2014, Glenn, or out over the long-range plan, frankly, our views going forward haven't changed from our investor conference last fall on this. So -- look, the -- we all know what the general dynamics are globally, even outside the U.S., which is a difficult economic environment, health care costs continue to rise at a rate that is beyond any government's ability to control, and there are going to continue to be impacts that we characterize as "austerity measures" on health care spending that I think are going to continue to impact all multinational companies, whether it's in the U.S. or outside the U.S. But again -- and I would not suggest that we're impervious to those kinds of impacts, but they will be evolutionary in nature. They're not going to be major step-function impacts. And again, as I said earlier, I'd emphasized, given the medically necessary nature of our products, we think we're going to be able to withstand this, certainly, reasonably well. And where the focus really is, as it always has been in this industry, is innovation. And with our emerging pipeline, not to mention the expanding capacity position over time on plasma proteins and continued robust demand for those products, that's where our focus is. And we certainly can, I think, withstand the general macro dynamics that we discussed.
Robert L. Parkinson: So Rick, Bob Parkinson here, maybe just to wrap up on the kind of the higher level question. We continue to be extremely enthusiastic about the opportunity associated with home -- our home hemodialysis product, which we think has a number of dimensions or characteristics that can differentiate it from the home hemo products that are on the market today, not to mention to leverage our global position as really the leading dialysis provider in the home setting, which has real value here. I think when you take a step back and look at this, this is the kind of product that is responsive to, I think, the new realities of the global economic environment and health care environment. The opportunity to enhance clinical outcomes, we think, meaningfully particularly with home nocturnal hemo, to provide, as a result, increased convenience for the patient to deliver therapy in their home, and to do it in a way that fundamentally lowers the cost versus conventional in-center hemodialysis is really the kinds of products going forward that we think there's going to be a great response in the marketplace to. The only caveat, I would say, is the nature of this requires a motivated patient. That doesn't describe 100% of the patient population. So in no way do I want to suggest that, that traditional home in-center hemo is going to continue to be both the growth vehicle and the primary therapy to address end-stage renal disease, hence, our excitement about the Gambro acquisition. But I appreciate your question because I think as we go forward, get this product launched in Europe and expand beyond that, this is a product opportunity that's very significant for the company going forward.
