James Saccaro: Yeah, Vijay. Thanks for the question and the comments. So far so good in terms of sales performance in the first quarter of the year. And to your point, I think importantly, we've seen a fairly cooperative environment both on the top line and also very importantly, from a general macro context. Those were some really important underpinnings of the guidance that we originally shared. We needed to see that and we did. So really, really good start to the year. As it relates to sales cadence first half versus second half, really there are a couple of specific drivers that lead to a slightly slower growth in the second half. And it's really not unplanned or it's consistent with our expectations. Essentially, our renal business has nearly $100 million of one-time headwinds, i.e., through specific payments that occurred exiting of distribution agreement last year or exiting lower margin arrangements. And so all of those things take renal from positive growth in the first half to negative growth in the second half. So very discrete item there. We expect that to sort of normalize and see growth more consistent with patients going into the future. And then, as we look at our Pharmaceuticals business, we really had outstanding performance in the first quarter. We'll expect to see some continued growth there, but we do see a little bit of a deceleration, most notably compounding in the second half of the year. So that has an impact on the overall sales cadence. I think the most important thing from my perspective was the steady macroenvironment and utilization and patient trends. So we saw that in the first quarter. We're happy to carry that forward.
James Saccaro: Sure. I think there were a few areas where we saw solid performance in the first quarter. Our Pharma business, we added a new leader to this area last year. That team is really doing an excellent job with respect to new products and accelerating commercialization of some of these products. So we saw we had a really nice performance in the first quarter. Now some of that did benefit from a buoyant procedure and admissions backdrop. But overall, really happy on the pharma side. From a renal standpoint, I think this is an important one. Renal benefited from solid pricing and mix, along with outside of certain markets in Asia, we saw some decent patient growth. So I think the Renal story, notwithstanding my comments earlier around second half comparable issues. The renal story has started strong this year and we expect that to continue. And then finally, our Advanced Surgery, another area. We've got a great leader in this business and that team as well, benefiting from procedures clearly, but at the same time, solid execution across the board leads to some favorability there. So those were some of the bright spots that we saw. As it relates to challenges, I think Joe explained clearly, we were a little bit soft in PSS, but we remained very optimistic. I spent some time looking at our Progressa Plus, our new product there. It's really an exciting new development. So we'll see how that goes. That launch is happening, and it's something that I think the market will welcome. So those are a few comments on favorability and unfavorability for Q1. And then Pito, your question about supply chain and what I would say there. Obviously, after the challenges that we experienced from a general macro backdrop last year, I was really happy to see, generally speaking, cooperative environment. And when I say generally speaking, on the one hand, commodities are going in the right direction. We're seeing indices support the forecast that we put forth. Some of our suppliers are still looking to sort of increase prices to Baxter. And we constantly work through those situations very carefully. But I would say, generally speaking, we have a fairly stable backdrop from a supply chain standpoint.
James Saccaro: So listen, I don't want to do a detailed operational review here. So -- and we don't really share mix by ground versus air on freight costs and things of that nature. What I will tell you is, we try to reflect -- in terms of the forecast that we put together, we try to reflect the most current indices that we have, along with expectations from a number of reputable sources in terms of where those areas are going when we put the forecast together. And when we do this not only for diesel, freight, logistics costs, but also for resins, packaging, corrugate, et cetera. I think we have definitely significantly improved how we forecast this area as a necessity coming out of last year. Our supply chain finance team working with the team there has done a lot of work to enhance this. But generally speaking, we look at current index levels. We look at the most reliable forecast going forward and our performance is directly tied out to that. Part of the reason why we do see a step-up in margin in the second half of this year relates to some of the costs that we're experiencing at this point in time, not only from our freight and logistics, but also in some of those other categories.
James Saccaro: Yeah. I think it's interesting. The first quarter performance really was a nice element for the performance sake in the first quarter. But importantly, I think some of the assumptions that we had were confirmed and that really gives us some solid confidence as we move to the second half of the year. But admittedly, there's a big step up first half to second half. And I would say that there are really three drivers of the operating margin improvement that we expect to see. The first relates to -- generally, in the second half of the year, we have more sales than the first half of the year. So in the second half of this year, we expect north of $400 million, approaching $500 million in more sales in the second half versus the first half. That's not a dynamic that is unique to this year. If you look at any of the last couple of years, you would see that normal sales step up first half to second half. And that has margin benefit, that also has a significant EPS benefit. So you'll see about $0.30 plus of EPS from those incremental sales dropping through. The second thing is, integrated supply chain. We -- the costs that we're experiencing today are costs that we realized or experienced in Q3, Q4 of last year when there were very elevated prices. As those indices have eased in the last few months, we have line of sight to improvements in supply chain that yield roughly $0.15 approximately of improvement first half to second half. Now I should say it's not just indices that are cooperating, it is also the hard work that goes into what we call value improvement programs, which are essentially efficiency initiatives in plants, but that's $0.15 of improvement. That's a very real impact from our supply chain team. And then the final thing is, listen, we've talked previously about some of the cost efforts that we're undertaking. And those benefit more in the second half than the first half. And we've largely concluded those programs. They're in place. And so -- but because a lot of those activities occurred in the first and second quarters, the benefit only is realized in the third and fourth quarters, and that's roughly $0.15. So if I were to say why are we going to go from point A to point B with a very substantial improvement in margin, it really comes down to those three specific factors.
James Saccaro: Sure. I'm not going to get into specific amounts in the first quarter, but pricing was a contributor and an important one. And I think for us, what -- as we went through last year, we had significant incremental costs across the portfolio and basically every single product line that we sell. And at the end of the day, sometimes you don't have the ability to address price in the short term, in a given quarter or a given year. And in some instances, you actually have to wait a couple of years before you actually address price because of long-term agreements that you have in place. What's really important for our team is that we capture our fair share of the economic value that we provide to our customers. And so this year, we're working very carefully. There was positive pricing in renal. There will be positive pricing from a hospital capital standpoint. In all of the areas that we operate, we are expecting to see decent price. The one exception, of course, is Pharma, where that's been more stable, particularly in the first quarter, but that's still an area of more price competition. But I think, Robbie, from our standpoint, this is going to be an important driver for us, not only this year, but I think in future years as well.
James Saccaro: Yeah. It's -- listen, in terms of capital structure for the two companies and dividend policies and approaches and all of that, it is very early days. We understand the importance of the dividend. We, at Baxter take the dividend very seriously. So we understand that's a great tool to return capital to shareholders. And it's been a very effective one for us over the years. So we take the dividend very seriously. But at this point, it's too early to comment on capital structure and all of those things. We'll unveil all of this as we go -- as we get much closer to the spin. And I think we'll talk about things like what is the dividend policy for Renal Co if they have one. All of these things will come to bear, but I think it's a little premature to do and as we're still in the early stages of preparing for the spinoff.
James Saccaro: Yeah. No problem. You'll also see the tremendous work that we're doing in the integrated supply chain area. We recently approved a very large automation program that will allow us to simplify how a number of our plants operating and that's going to have a great impact for years to come. So what I would say is, we feel very good about the activities that we outlined in 2022 at the Analyst Day. And then now we've supplemented that with a reorganization that Joe described. All of this is intended to accelerate margin improvement and so we're excited to see the impact of that over time.
Jose Almeida: Vijay, good morning. Just to preface on Hillrom, we're very happy with the performance of most of the businesses under Hillrom and how we've been integrating the business into Baxter. We had a very strong FLC quarter. Front Line Care has done a great job and this has improved because supply of product. So we see low to single -- mid-single -- low to single mid-single digits, 3% versus 4%. Suppliers are really -- supply is really getting better. And this is affecting FLC. Not only the performance of FLC is doing better, but also our backlog is increasing further than we thought was going to increase. So it's a really good momentum. We see PSS with a reduction in sales in the first quarter. I want to remind you that we had a reduction of 20% in rentals. This is from the peak of COVID and a lot of rentals going on in '21 and early '22. We saw a significant reduction, also some postponement of capital spending. But we're very excited about the launch of Progressa Plus, an improvement our Centrella Bed. So those are coming in this quarter and will be great launches for us. We haven't launched a new platform like Progressa Plus in almost 10 years. So this is a really good thing. We are number one in the ICU and we'll be able actually to continue to capitalize not on the Baxter accounts, but hopefully, into new accounts, competitive accounts. I would say that it is important to note that capital postponement has specifically been focused in this category of spending. We have not seen that at all in the other Baxter categories. As I just mentioned, FLC has shown very strong growth. Our infusion therapies business, our pumps business now has shown very strong growth and strong forecast growth for the rest of the year. So this is a phenomenon specifically for beds. But as I said, with the launch of new products, we're really excited to come in and have this -- the situation reversed as we plan to have it reversed and ameliorates in the second half of 2023.
Jose Almeida: We were not going to comment on the approval of the pump because it's not dependent upon us, it's with the FDA at the moment. We are optimistic about the performance of the pump when it gets approved. But we're not commenting in anything that the FDA is doing. I would say to you that there's an opportunity. There's a significant amount of pumps on recall at the moment, including brand new pumps, which just launched, I recall, Class 1 the other day. So we are currently capitalizing on that with our Sigma spectrum. We upward forecast significantly on Sigma Spectrum. We are now more optimistic about the components. We are also doing some redesign of components to make sure there's more durability. And when Novum gets to the market, it's going to be for us to make the decision, how to phase that in. Customer comes to me want to stay with the current model of Sigma Spectrum because they have a fleet of it and we have significant opportunities to gain market share once Novum is approved. So we're very excited about the platform that we have in front of us, and we're going to be putting more money in research and development assets to develop other categories of pumps within Baxter. So I will tell you that we're not giving you what's the forecast for Novum once approved. As soon as we get news about Novum from the FDA, we'll let you know what that means in terms of numbers. But at the moment, I tell you the demand for pumps is high, primarily because Sigma Spectrum is a good pump that is performing extremely well and facing competitors who have consent decree and recalls in many different categories.
Jose Almeida: Robbie, good morning. We have experienced significant interest in this business. We still are exploring strategic alternatives and we'll let you folks know as soon as we make the decision. If there is a sale, the proceeds will be exclusively and mostly directed to debt repayment. So it opens the opportunity for Baxter for future reinvestment and even stock share buybacks and other opportunities. But the first thing for that amount of cash, if that is the alternative we decide to go forward with, will be to repay debt.
Jose Almeida: Good morning, Rick. We have been very successful with the integration. So the first part of your question is the integration of Hillrom. We have retained some key talent, but also we put a lot of Baxter talent in Hillrom. Right now, we have Reaz Rasul running Hillrom with the three divisions of Hillrom, with a mix of Baxter and former Hillrom employees in charge of the divisions under Reaz. In terms of the synergies, we -- as I mentioned before, we -- in the first year, came to realized twice as much as we had planned. And we continue on track to deliver what we promised at the onset of the acquisition. Other than the supply chain issues that we had last year, we start to see the power of frontline care and the power of the portfolio right now delivering good growth for us in the U.S. and OUS. Chips are made more available. And as I said before, our backlog in Front Line Care is actually growing with growth in sales and growth in backlog. So we're very excited about that business. Our PSS business in the U.S., like I said, has a setback in this first quarter. As I said, 20% reduction in the rentals due to COVID partially last year and the year before. But we see the launch of Progressa Plus and enhancements to Centrella, a great catalyst for us in the second quarter that we believe with alleviation of specific postponement of capital buying, that is going to accelerate in the second quarter and we are confident to reestablish that business in a more normal run rate, hopefully, towards 2023, ex in '23 and 2024. We continue to look at opportunities to enhance leadership in all parts of that business by the way. So PSS outside the U.S. is doing well. In the GSS business, albeit smaller is doing well both in the U.S. and outside the U.S. So all-in-all, we're excited about Hillrom. We think it brings new avenues for growth for Baxter and also product launches. I'm looking at our pipeline of new launches and a great deal of them are coming from pumps. So there's a lot to come from there. We're going to navigate the short-term constraint in the U.S. for [indiscernible] beds. But as I said, launching these new products represent a great catalyst for the future.
Jose Almeida: Rick, the worst thing we can do is to feel good about something that just start turning around. So we're very excited about having availability, as I said before, the demand for our Sigma Spectrum infusion pump is very high. And we're very happy actually to have significant amount of components that will allow us to increase the sales of that product and satisfy the backlog that we have. If we had more, we could sell more. We see alleviation of backlog of products that need to be shipped on Front Line Care already coming out. Our back order has reduced in half what we had about nine months ago, and a lot of that is related to semiconductors. With that said, we're not letting this go away. We got an opportunity to improve. So we have significant amount of initiatives within the company for redesign of components to go on boards. Some are very critical. Some are less critical. We have a transfer office established within Baxter, not only for microprocessors, but also for other components. Things are not 100% normal right now. We still have a great deal of suppliers trying to get pricing out of Baxter. We're offsetting those. We're absolutely not accepting, but also offsetting with significant amount of cost reductions. So as we navigate through 2023, it will be very important that the company does not lose its focus in finishing what we started in the semiconductor transformation in the supplier chain resilience. But we feel cautiously optimistic that we have turned the corner when it comes to supply of components into our business.
Jose Almeida: Larry, what we see is -- Matt, I'm sorry. Matt, what we see is an alleviation of the pressure of the hospitals were having last year with more availability of nursing. We -- just as a point of reference, we had some one-timers in our medication delivery business as we reported as we're continuing to report. Medication delivery, if you exclude the one-time between gains and losses between '22 and '23 first quarter, our growth is around 6.2%. This is exactly what we see in terms of growth coming out of hospitals, which are publicly traded companies and are reporting right now. So we see that is for a business like medication delivery, which are sets and infusion of solutions and vitamins. And that is a pretty good pickup on a business. They usually have a growth of low-single digits. So that is twice as much. So there is a rebound and back to normality that we see. So hence our comments on our prepared remarks. When you think about the relentless look for optimization of workflow in hospitals, that's when we start seeing some of our products coming to fruition. We just integrated our Sigma Spectrum the other day on a two way communication for hospitals. There's no more hospitals that will come in and ask just for a pump or a monitor. Everything needs to be integrated. The workflow needs to be improved. And that's where Baxter is focusing on a significant amount of extra money we gave to research and development of Front Line Care, for instance, to increase their ability to launch products faster, to integrate to create solutions to help hospitals. So we are cautiously optimistic that we've seen an uptick in procedures. We see higher admissions in ER, higher admissions in operating room. You can see the growth of our Advanced Surgery business. It was very, very robust -- very robust, close to 10%. And that shows that in the U.S., you have a good flow of procedures. So all-in-all, indicates that that's a good track for 2023.
Jose Almeida: Hi, Joanne. Good morning. The transformation has three specific objectives. The one is, of course, bring a more effective way of managing Baxter business instead of regionally managing the business between three large regions in the world, give P&L responsibility to business leaders who are mini CEOs who control 100% of that business, including supply chain and all aspects of that business. So that transformation is in process and we're starting to see the difference in how the ownership of this business have transitioned and how effective this new model is. The second is, through a new model, you're doing it not only because you need more effectiveness in our organization, but also we need to reduce cost of operating. So Baxter is a company that has one of the lowest SG&As amongst peers. We are at 21%, 22%. We want to be sub-20. And to do that, we need to do it two different ways. One is more effectiveness -- effective use of personnel. The second is, use of systems such as fish intelligence (ph) in different locations in the world for us to provide our service. We are on that path. For instance, Jay’s (ph) organization finance has done a significant amount of work with moving back-office to different parts of the world. And this specific change we just made in organization is going to give Baxter significant amount of dollars that we're going to realize in ‘23, but also full [indiscernible] ‘24, very large cost savings that we did through the reorganization that show our reduction in force. So reduction force in come first, the organization design came first, reduction in force was a consequence of better use of our resources. And lastly, and also probably the most important is the ability to accelerate innovation and move some of the money that we are saving back in research and development. We just did that. We just gave the HST or the new Hillrom business under Reaz Rasul. More money for research and development. And we're going to actually also improve and increase the amount of dollars going into our pump platforms because we want to accelerate some of the R&D development in that area. So this transformation is very profound for Baxter. It's part of transforming the company that I started back in 2016, and this is the third leg and is still the third phase of this transformation.
