Robert L. Parkinson, Jr.: Well I think a lot of this, David, is about timing. At the May conference I commented on two constraints in the short term, certainly within let's say the first 12 months. One was some financial constraints certainly as we navigated our way through the retained stake and so on. But the second one being organizational. Completing the innovation of Gambro, our ability to continue to support the Baxalta spinoff, which requires a significant organizational commitment on Baxter's behalf going forward. Relative to the organizational constraint, frankly things have moved ahead even better than we had anticipated I think on all fronts. So I think our organizational capacity to contemplate being more proactive, perhaps maybe even a little sooner on M&A, is better today than what maybe we had anticipated in May. And it's not going to be long before we've worked through this retained stake and so on. And as I commented in my prepared comments we're going to have significant flexibility. So we've advanced our thinking on things that we might want to do on the M&A front. I'm not going to be real specific in terms of size. But possibly we could be thinking bigger than maybe what we've characterized in the past. What we do know is we have such a strong presence in the acute care hospital channel, wherever you go in the world. The Baxter brand is well recognized. It's respected. And so the opportunity to do some things that fill out that channel more effectively, we're very interested in. So beyond that I'm not going to be any more specific than that. But hopefully that gives you maybe a little bit more color as to how I think things evolved since we got together last May.
Robert L. Parkinson, Jr.: Yeah, I think the biggest factor was really the timing of the action. So as we think about the performance in Q3, we had approximately $25 million, maybe a little bit more than that, of savings related to two areas: discretionary spending controls that we put in place and then also the cancellation of open roles. And so as we had a high level of confidence that we were going to successfully execute the spin, and we started to see the performance work out well very early in the July timeframe, we were very proactive in terms of pulling forward some of the spending initiatives that we had earmarked for later in the year. So some of the benefit that we saw in Q3 is not something that we would quote-unquote tack on to future periods, but rather something that benefits Q3 specifically. And because we were confident in our ability to execute, we were able to put those pieces in place earlier than we previously expected. So as far as the impact on the long-range plan, I wouldn't say that this is quote-unquote incremental at this stage, but rather it just gives us confidence that we're going to be able to execute as we move forward.
Robert L. Parkinson, Jr.: Now I don't, Matt, I don't think there's anything new there from what we've messaged previously on that. And so for a number of reasons, including competitive reasons, I don't think I'd want to expand on that any further this morning.
Robert L. Parkinson, Jr.: So thanks for asking the question, Bob. And again I'm somewhat limited in terms of what we can say. But maybe some thoughts I would share. I think everybody appreciates the fact that IV solutions are probably one of the best medical values in healthcare today. We've used the analogy of the cost of an IV as less than a cup of coffee or a bottle of water that you'd buy at 7-Eleven. Right? I will tell you all we've made extraordinary efforts to maximize the availability of product to address the shortage, including significant investments to identify and secure additional sources of supply. By the way this includes working with the FDA to get one of our foreign plants in Spain approved to import product from Spain to help mitigate the shortage situation. We continue to work with them on other international sourcing locations as well. The average price for IVs has increased at a fairly modest level over the past. Okay? And Jay commented on our views going forward. So I would just conclude by saying look, we're confident in our practices. I would characterize them as reasonable, appropriate. But again just to reiterate, we're taking every step we possibly can to make product available to address the shortage. So beyond that I won't expand any further, Bob. But thanks for asking the question.
Robert L. Parkinson, Jr.: Yeah. So thanks for asking the question, David. Yeah, I characterized it as generally in line. Frankly, it's a tad softer than what we had messaged in May, although it's hanging in there pretty well and probably stronger than a lot of other companies. And I think that speaks to, as I mentioned in my prepared comments, the "essential nature" of our products and so on. But look, the reality is – and we all know what's going on – emerging markets are a real challenge right now. And I'm not going to project a significant turnaround in the near term. But I do think the guidance that we provided over our LRP in terms of revenue growth will be achieved over the 5-year period of time. I would tell you the one business that has been particularly hit by that has been kind of the traditional in-center hemodialysis business, which we saw a disproportionate impact of the softening of the emerging markets. But just so you don't misinterpret my comments, emerging markets – continued investments in emerging markets given the nature of our products will continue to be an important aspect of our growth prospects over the LRP.
Robert L. Parkinson, Jr.: Yeah. Matt, I'm not sure I can expand a lot beyond what I said in answer to one of the earlier questions on this, but maybe to reiterate a point. The priority would be things that as I said before flesh out our acute care hospital channel. So that's another way of saying commercial synergy, where one plus one is greater than two. Clearly structural cost would be part of it as well. And targets that we would look at would be meaningfully accretive. But it would be both a commercial synergy play leveraged in the acute care channel, and depending upon on what the target may be, a structural cost as well.
Robert L. Parkinson, Jr.: Yeah. So the momentum on the SIGMA launch as I commented is building. We're very pleased with the market response to date. Just to ground everyone you'll recall in our Investor Conference and the LRP projections, we assumed that we would regain approximately 5 of 10 share points in the U.S. launch lost over the last number of years, because of the colleague challenges and so on. All I would say, Matt, on that is given the early impact of the relaunch, we are highly confident that we will be able to regain at least those 5 share points in the LRP. And I think our longer term aspiration of recovering all of that share loss, if not more, is certainly very, very viable. Admittedly there's a little bit of pent-up demand. And so we want continue to gauge that and monitor the sustainability of that. But again all I can just really say qualitatively or subjectively is we're very, very pleased with the market response to SPECTRUM. The product is performing very well. And really beyond that I'm not going to expand. Hopefully that helps.
Robert L. Parkinson, Jr.: Yeah. I mean ironically probably the U.S. market is as stable or strong as any geography in the world right now. You saw that with our performance in the first half of the year in the U.S., where we're seeing some recovery. We're seeing some expanded expenditure on capital goods, which helps our pump business. And we would project that that's going to continue. Europe clearly continues, developed Europe continues to be a challenge. We don't see any significant improvement there. I don't see any significant deterioration as well going forward. And then emerging markets I think both Jay and I have commented on this morning. It's really kind of an unknown in the near term. Although clearly long term all of these countries are increasing the amount of spend to healthcare. And that particularly plays to our strength in terms of the essential nature of our product. So beyond that I realize that's all very qualitative. I don't know if there's anything, Larry, specifically within that you'd like me to comment on.
James K. Saccaro: Sure. Just making a comment in terms of third quarter performance. We over-achieved the midpoint of our guidance by $0.11. And there was really three primary drivers which contributed to that. One was cyclophosphamide. A second item related to some other income driven by foreign exchange and the timing of investment gains. And then the third piece relates to savings related to the cancellation of (30:51) spending controls that we put in place as well. So those really are the three primary drivers of the over-achievement in Q3. As we move forward, what I would say, is the one that was most important to us was the operational performance related to the spending controls that we put in place. And we're not updating 2016 guidance at this stage. But what I will tell you is we're very confident in our ability to execute, particularly on the cost side and also on the margin side as we move forward. We'll update guidance in January. But at this stage, I think this first quarter was a very important building block for us to put in place that gives us a high level of confidence as we move forward through the rest of the plan.
James K. Saccaro: Sure. Just one clarifying comment before I address the rest of the question. Cyclo is actually down from Q3 to Q4 sequentially $30 million, so in Q3 we achieved roughly $80 million. We expect to achieve roughly $50 million in Q4.
James K. Saccaro: As it relates to the operating margin of 11% in the quarter, there were really two drivers of that. One relates to the cyclo over-performance, and that was about 1 point. And the second relates to the timing of the spending savings that we were able to initiate. And that was another roughly 1 point of margin. So if you adjust for those two items, those were the two drivers of the over-performance. Now turning sequentially from Q3 to Q4. We're guiding to 9.5% to 10%. And so relative to the 11.2% that we experienced in Q3, there are a number of drivers. First, we have about 1 point of cyclo deterioration from Q3 to Q4. Second, we have about 1 point of foreign exchange deterioration from Q3 to Q4. The other comment is in Q3 we had a large order of PROTOPAM. And while that's not necessarily a one-timer, it is a periodic order that we receive, and we don't forecast one for Q4. And that's roughly 0.7 points of margin that we're going to lose from Q3 to Q4 that we expected and planned for. But as we think about our performance moving forward, there are two drivers that we're going to continue to experience benefits from, general operational improvements of about 80 basis points and operational OpEx savings will also continue to accelerate as well. So as we think about it, that's what drives the 11.2% to roughly 9.5% to 10%.
James K. Saccaro: Yeah, sure. And as it relates to the infusion system strength, really the key driver of that was the sale of the SIGMA SPECTRUM Pump in the U.S. We did see mid to high single-digit sales growth of access. But from an overall driver standpoint we're pleased with the progress that we're making on the infusion pump launch. That's going very well. And that was the key driver in the quarter that led to the double-digit growth.
James K. Saccaro: Sure. The PROTOPAM piece was actually included in our original guidance. So that was not an upside to the guidance. But that was about $0.025 roughly of EPS that we had expected. The important thing about PROTOPAM is like I said in my comments earlier, it is not a one-time order. These are periodic orders that we receive. We just don't receive them every quarter. So it was an expected driver of performance in the quarter. Relative to our $0.30 midpoint, as you said there were three upsides. One relates to cyclophosphamide. We had about roughly $30 million of unplanned upside in that category. One relates to other income. We had forecasted certain other income for the second half of the year, but we did over-achieve that, largely driven by balance sheet positions that we had in place in overseas entities driving foreign exchange gains. And that was about $0.03 of over-achievement. And then finally, the OpEx savings that I described earlier was about $25 million, between $0.03 and $0.04 of impact in the quarter. And as I said that was a very important component for us to put in place early on this margin improvement journey.
James K. Saccaro: Yeah, maybe just taking a step back. Thanks for the question, Mike. I'll make some further comments on the retained stake, so everyone is on the same page. The strategy with the retained stake remains the same. Our objective is to maximize the after tax value. We have a private letter ruling from the IRS, which supports essentially three mechanisms for us to utilize that stake over the next 18 months in order for us to achieve that tax free status that I described. One is an equity for equity exchange. One is an equity for debt exchange. And one is a contribution to our pension plan. As it relates to progress that we're making in the quarter, we are continuing our discussions on the pension with Department of Labor. And we're very confident that we'll receive the appropriate approvals that will allow us to make a pension contribution. And we were pleased with the progress in the quarter. As it relates to equity for debt, you're right. We did file – Baxalta on our behalf filed an S-1 in the quarter, which we have earmarked for a piece of debt that expires in December. The reason I like that debt is because it's a very low-cost way for us to use the retained stake in the sense that there are no premium or breakage fees associated with retiring that piece of debt. So it really does help achieve our objective. To the extent that the market conditions are right, and we feel like we have a transaction window that's appropriate for us to take advantage of, we do expect to target that piece of debt with a portion of the Baxalta equity stake. More broadly we will think about equity for debt and looking at the overall bond complex in the form of a secondary offering with a modified debt tender later on. So overall that all continues as we expect moving forward. And we do – we'll evaluate conditions as we move forward to see if there is an opportunity for us to target that piece of debt prior to December.
James K. Saccaro: Sure. So to your point the gains that I was pointing to are really other income related gains related to balance sheet positions held in overseas entities that are mark-to-market as part of our standard process on a monthly and quarterly basis. As it relates to overall impact of FX, I did mention that sequentially from Q3 to Q4, excluding the area of sundry, we are seeing some deterioration in foreign exchange. So sequentially from Q3 to Q4 we have about $0.04 of impact that we expect to see. And that's about $0.01 to $0.02 worse than our expectations, driven by its deterioration in a number of currencies. We've seen a lot of volatility in emerging markets in particular. From a hedging standpoint overall, for the developed market currencies we do have an approach where we look to hedge a portion of our exposure with the use of options. And then for those currencies that we don't, there are a lot of emerging market currencies today that we don't actually hedge in, because it's not economic to do so. In the case of those markets there are some natural hedges that we have in place. As you know we have manufacturing facilities in 40 countries around the world, or 40 manufacturing facilities in 25 countries around the world. And so as a result of that we do have some natural expense offsets to the sales that we have in place. And that we don't have that many products that are truly global in nature, creating additional foreign exchange exposure. So we will continue to be exposed to foreign exchange. It's an area we watch very closely. We do see this $0.01 to $0.02 impact. But there are active hedging programs that we have in place. And there are some balance sheet programs we have in place. And then there are also the natural hedges that I just mentioned.
James K. Saccaro: Sure. On the operating margin, we did guide to 9% for the second half, and we're pleased that the second half is running better than that. As it relates to 2016, we actually guided to a 10% margin for 2016 and 11% in 2017, essentially 100 basis points of margin improvement per year. It's important to note that in 2016 we also expected about 100 basis points of deterioration due to cyclo. So in fact the organic or the true growth in margin in 2016 was really 200 basis points. But like I said, our guidance for 2016 was 10%. Based on our performance in the second half thus far, we're pleased. And we have confidence in our ability to achieve the projections that we've shared. At this stage we're not making any changes to guidance moving forward. There's a lot of moving pieces, things like foreign exchange, pension, operational improvements, et cetera. And we're actually going through a budgeting process as we speak to firm up our 2016 expectations. You can expect to hear an update from us on our January earnings call.
James K. Saccaro: Yeah. And just to elaborate a little bit further. I mean overall we commented at our Investor Conference outlining 430 basis points of very specific cost improvements, 90 of which comes from Gambro, 80 of which comes from manufacturing, 50 of which comes from the pension, and 210 basis points related to G&A. And so by no means were we surprised by the size, scope, or scale of the restructuring that we announced. And so far everything is moving forward very much in line with our expectations from a cost standpoint. One of the areas to your point that we're very focused on relates to discretionary spending. And we believe there is some opportunity to look hard at certain categories. We're using some zero-based techniques and looking at very detailed spend levels in areas like travel, consulting, and some other discretionary spending, like marketing and professional services. And so as we go through our budget that's a clear area of focus for us. We think we have the opportunity pegged appropriately in terms of the impact on our long-range plan financials. But I can assure you with respect to all of these actions and the overall plan, the three components of the plan that Bob described earlier, we are looking to do better than we've outlined. And we're attempting to do that at each step. And so cost is squarely in that focus. But I wouldn't say we've been surprised by our performance at this stage.
James K. Saccaro: Well by the end of this year we expect to have achieved approximately $200 million in savings. And then in 2016 and 2017 we expect $100 million in incremental savings. Really the drivers of the remaining piece relates to certain manufacturing, a consolidation of activity, certain warehousing, and distribution consolidations. And then finally, there are some IT savings. As we roll out Baxter platforms across the Gambro network, there will be some G&A savings. And we still have a few IT implementations to go. Those are the primary drivers of the remaining $100 million in savings.
James K. Saccaro: Yeah. As we look at FX in 2016, what we had assumed in May was essentially a constant FX environment in the sense that we assumed flat currencies over the long-range plan period. To the extent that there are departures from that, we'll first look to hedge using various techniques that we've discussed. There will be the benefit of natural hedges in place. But as we saw in Q4 based on the change in foreign exchange from Q3 – from June to today, let's just put it that way, we did see a negative impact of around $0.01 to $0.02 in the fourth quarter. So this will be one of the important assumptions that we update as part of our January guidance, along with many other items that we look forward to discussing with investors.
