Robert L. Parkinson: Thanks, Bob. Let me end our prepared comments this morning with a brief update on the anticipated spinoff of our biopharmaceuticals business. Our organization has been fully engaged in separation activity since the announcement that we made last March, and we're energized by the prospects of separating Baxter into 2 leading global health care companies, one focused on developing and marketing innovative biopharmaceuticals and the other on life-saving medical products. This decision supports Baxter's evolution and underscores our commitment to ensuring long-term strategic priorities remain aligned with shareholders' best interest, while creating value for patients, health care providers and other key stakeholders. The 2 businesses operate in distinct markets with corresponding underlying fundamentals and each possesses unique and compelling growth prospects, investment requirements and risk profiles. The spinoff will create 2 well-capitalized, independent companies with strong balance sheets, investment-grade profiles and disciplined approaches to capital allocation. The spin will also provide greater management focus, the ability to more effectively commercialize new and existing product offerings to drive innovation and enhance our flexibility to pursue respective growth and investment strategies. This will result in revenue acceleration, improved profitability and enhanced returns for shareholders. During 2014, we named our senior leadership teams for both companies, established the international and commercial structures for both organizations, formally unveiled Baxalta Incorporated as the name of the new publicly traded biopharmaceutical company and filed a preliminary Form-10 with the SEC for Baxalta. While we continue to work through the complexities, this process is unfolding in line with our expectations, and we continue on track toward a mid-2015 completion. We recently announced that we'll be hosting an investor conference in New York City on the afternoon of May 18 for Baxter International and on the morning of May 19 for Baxalta Incorporated. At these conferences, we'll introduce you to the new senior management teams and provide investors with more information regarding the strategies, growth prospects, capital structure and financial outlooks for each company. We'll also engage in a comprehensive Investor Relations effort, including investor road shows for both companies with their respective senior management teams several weeks before the spinoff is completed. In closing, while 2015 will be a challenging year, momentum in the core business is building and we remain excited about our future prospects, and we're poised for improved performance in 2016 and beyond. As we chart distinct and unique paths forward as separate global health care leaders, we look forward to unlocking value for shareholders, partners, employees and the patients and health care providers that we serve. As always, I'll be happy to take any questions on these or other topics during the Q&A. So with that, I'd now like to open up the call to your questions, if we might.
Robert L. Parkinson: This is Bob Parkinson, Brittany. We anticipate Suprane is going to continue to grow in 2015. Having said that, we also anticipate that we may get generic competition in various markets around the world, although as we sit here today, it's not evident when or if or who that will be. I will tell you that there continues -- it continues to be promotionally sensitive in many markets around the world. So longer term, we view the anesthesia contract -- franchise with Suprane as kind of a foundation product as a growth vehicle, not only in '15, but, frankly, over our LRP.
Robert L. Parkinson: I think -- Bob Parkinson here, David. Yes, I think, in many of those areas, it will continue in '15. I think we're seeing a little more stability in the market in terms of hospital procedures and hospital activity compared to what it was earlier, which is encouraging. We're also managing out of our -- some of the supply constraints that we incurred earlier in the year and got in a much better position in the fourth quarter on both IV solutions and PD solutions, and we're bringing some more capacity online in '15. So I think the underlying fundamentals, whether it's the IV Fluid Systems business, whether it's parenteral nutrition, BioSurgery as you mentioned, anesthesia. And again, we'll expand on this when we get together at the investor conference and so on, but I think each of these product segments, these are not -- these are never going to be double-digit growers, but they're going to be solid single-digit growers. And we'll provide some more color on that when we get together in May.
Robert L. Parkinson: And offsetting the strength in the other areas that I commented on. So you get some pretty large netting effects there, as you know.
Robert L. Parkinson: Yes. I think it's -- Larry, I think it's going to be an increasing opportunity actually for both companies in both businesses because I think governments are going to be thrust in a position to kind of embrace new paradigms in terms of how they manage health care cost. And I think inevitably, it's going to involve collaborations with suppliers, certainly, leading suppliers in ways of doing business going forward that are different. So obviously, the Hemobrás collaboration in Brazil on hemophilia has been well discussed and everybody understands that. But I mean, we're building a new solutions plant in Thailand to manufacture PD solutions, which was the direct result of us working with the Thai government to establish from a policy point of view peritoneal dialysis as the therapy of choice, not hemodialysis, largely because it's lower cost. It saves the government money, and in the process, we're making investments. We're creating jobs in Thailand. China is another good example where we've had a program that we'd refer to or describe internally as the Flying Angels project, which has really been another example of a great collaboration that's driving adoption of PD therapy. And I know Ludwig and his team continue to have discussions on various fronts as does new BAX. So I just think this is going to be a new way of doing business going forward, and I would anticipate in the coming years both companies will do more of these kinds of collaborations.
Robert L. Parkinson: Yes, Derrick, Bob Parkinson here. Let me spend a couple of minutes responding to that. First of all, the comment about our returns being lower than peers, I think everybody understands one of the reasons for that is we are in very logistics-intensive businesses. Shipping IV solutions and PD solutions is expensive, so we have a freight distribution line on our P&L, which is inherent in those businesses as opposed to, let's say, traditional medical device or hospital supply businesses. Now having said that, what we will show you at the investor conference in May is a steady improvement over the LRP and operating margins that are very achievable and I think will be significant as well. And they really emanate from a series of things, and I'll just touch on a few in the interest of time. We clearly are going to increase our focus and investment in what I'll call higher-margin, higher-growth product categories, things like anesthesia, BioSurgery, parenteral nutrition, the acute -- the CRRT business in the hospital setting. These are all businesses today that range between $0.5 billion to $1 billion that are promotionally sensitive, have prospects for higher growth and are higher margin, so would represent a mix upgrade. Also, we're very excited about the engagement, if you will, in the infusion pump business with the approval of the SIGMA Spectrum Version 8. We'll be rolling that out in 2015 in the U.S. We effectively have been out of the infusion pump business for a number of years, and there's been a lot of margin that's been lost attendant [ph] with share loss with -- starting with the colleague, things and so on. So we're on the cusp of being able to get that back. Also, our new product low in new BAX and again, we'll get into this in detail in May, but VIVIA home hemodialysis, AMIA, the next-generation home PD solution, Prismaflex [ph], which is our next-generation CRRT. We have a program called Project Carrera [ph] internally, which is an array of premixed drugs that we'll be developing and bringing to the market in our proprietary GALAXY technology. These are all very exciting growth opportunities and new product opportunities, but all of which represent margins. In some cases, that are meaningfully higher than the overall margin percentage of the business. Clearly, we still have a lot of synergy to capture from Gambro going forward. It's tracking very well. We've achieved a lot of that, but there's still meaningful opportunity consistent with our original projections on Gambro synergies, both cost and commercial synergies. I think you'll see us managing portfolio very aggressively, both from a product and geography point of view. And to be very frankly -- to be very frank, I think the split off of the company provides a better line of sight to really focus on overhead infrastructure costs and so on, and you can anticipate that we're going to do some things in that regard to be proactive. So I'll stop there and will expand on each of these in detail in May. But each of the things I mentioned are meaningful, and that's why we're pretty confident about our ability to drive meaningful improvement over the long-range plan and beyond.
Robert J. Hombach: Okay. Well, we're still working -- as we mentioned, we're still working through the details around that. We've talked about initial dis-synergies of approximately $300 million or approximately 2% of Baxter's current sales. Interestingly enough, almost half of that is going to relate to IT-related costs, and we will be working towards separating the IT infrastructure over time, but that is one of the longer lead time items. So that is actually a difficult thing to break out at this point. Our initial estimate was a little bit heavier towards Baxalta in terms of dis-synergies, but a fair amount of stranded cost for new Baxter given, again, some of this IT overlap for some period of time. But at this point, I'm still working through those details. That's part of what we look to address in the May investor conferences where each of the 2 companies will lay out the financial outlooks.
Robert J. Hombach: As we've looked at the situation, there are clearly some things in Q1 that are more pronounced. The $0.10 in manufacturing, clearly, is something that is very much front-end loaded. Overall manufacturing, just to give you a sense, is definitely a meaningful headwind in the first half of the year but a slight tailwind in the back half of the year, and so that clearly is not representative of what the ongoing situation is with the company. FX and cyclo are clearly meaningful headwinds here, both around $0.40. They will be somewhat back-end loaded, particularly FX. We're very well hedged in the first half of the year on the euro and a few other key currencies. But again, as we've been highlighting for 6 months, the emerging market depreciation in currencies that happened in the back half of 2014 is still very much there, and we're much more exposed as well. So Q1, I would say, is definitely not representative. And as a general matter from a seasonality standpoint, it's usually, by far, our lowest quarter from an earnings perspective in any given year.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes. And David, I would just add that given the momentum we've seen the last couple of quarters, we are sticking with our original assumption here of the high single-digit market share loss, but that may prove to be conservative.
Robert J. Hombach: Well, as I mentioned, we will see, on a year-over-year basis, a meaningful improvement in the back half of the year. The nature of these are partly due to capacity expansion and the timing of that, which will come online in the first half of 2015. So that will certainly alleviate the need for some of the expedited freight and incremental logistical costs that we've been incurring. Other aspects of the process modifications that we're working through will take a little bit more time to work down as we work down the cost curve on that. These are well-established processes that we've been manufacturing PD and IV solutions for, for decades, so we'll take a little bit of time. So I would say a meaningful portion in the back half, some will linger into 2016.
Robert J. Hombach: Well, as it relates to cyclophosphamide, we do anticipate a pretty meaningful impact here in the first quarter. It won't be 1/4 of the year, but it will be meaningful, and certainly, even the first -- excuse me, in the first quarter, we expect a meaningful impact. And in the first half, almost half of the full year impact we expect to see. As you know, when generics come in, the pricing volume dynamics start to play out pretty quickly. So that is fairly representative of what the full year is going to look like. As it relates to the dis-synergies estimate, again, we won't really see those in the P&L in any meaningful way until the back half of 2015. The initial estimate is around $300 million, but both of the 2 companies are going to get busy as quickly as possible post spin to start working those down. So how that plays into what our full year 2016 is going to look like, I don't anticipate that's going to be $300 million. I think it's going to be lower, and that will be part of what we lay out in the May time frame.
Robert J. Hombach: Derrick, this is Bob Hombach. As we've been saying, we're going to give the whole financial picture for both organizations, the financial outlook for sales, for earnings, CapEx spend and capital structure, including capital allocation assumptions, in the May time frame. A lot to work through as we work through the separation here and that act is obviously a very key aspect of this. We do believe both companies are going to generate significant cash flow going forward, and we'll have a significant amount of flexibility to be disciplined about capital allocation and to think about returning significant value to shareholders as we've been doing in the past, but also continue to reinvest in the businesses to support future growth. So we'll lay all that out in the May time frame.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes, maybe just a clarification, Bruce. We have talked about patient double-digit patient growth in the U.S. as a result of change in reimbursement. Recall U.S. is less than 20% of global PD sales. So if we look at our guidance for 2015, kind of mid-single digits for the overall renal business. In fact, PD and the legacy Gambro business are both expected to grow in that mid single-digit range. So it's comparable.
Ludwig N. Hantson: Well, this is Ludwig, James. First of all, the hemophilia team is doing a great job, as you see from the numbers. We will continue to grow ADVATE faster than market internationally. So internationally, we'll see positive growth. In the U.S., as Bob was alluding to, our guidance of high single-digit market share loss between -- from the Biogen launch to 855's launch is still a guidance. This will result in a negative growth in the U.S. With respect to our sales guidance, as we said, hemophilia, this is the base business only. It's 0% to 2% for the year. We have a separate sales guidance for the inhibitor market. Our business will continue to grow 6% to 8%. So overall, when you take the 2 together, we're talking about those single digits market, low single-digit growth.
Ludwig N. Hantson: Yes, thanks. So we're very pleased with the launch in the U.S. The 400 number that we gave you is the U.S. number only. So the interest is very high. We have a value proposition for the patient as well as for the payer. The value proposition for the patient, clearly, it's a subQ once a month with one needle. From a payer perspective, although we take a price premium of about 30%, we -- overall, the cost of the treatment is still a favorable number. Overall cost, we think, about 10% less because of the higher viability that we have with HYQVIA versus subQ. So overall, it's a very strong proposition for all of our key stakeholders. Our objective is that HYQVIA is become -- will become a leadership brand within the PI market long term. With respect to our 2015 guidance, you saw 6% to 8% for IG. We think that HYQVIA will be about $100 million for 2015.
Ludwig N. Hantson: With respect to hemophilia, when I think about ADVATE, 2014 as well as the fourth quarter, we've seen an impact of 1 to 2 market share points from the Biogen launch over the last 6 months. However, when you take all the different pieces of the puzzle together here, the positive contribution of the prophy conversions, and we have more than 650 patients that converted to -- as a prophy, so that's positive contribution. In addition to the weight gain contribution, more than offset the share loss. So that's the dynamic that we have, and that's the reason why we are growing faster than the market. Then our projection for 2015, we will continue -- as we said, we're on track for a high single-digit market share loss for the year, but we will not only have a Biogen competition, our assumption is that we will also have new entries in the short-acting Factor VIII market segment.
Ludwig N. Hantson: Yes. So we gave you a target of $200 million. Clearly, we're on track to achieve that over time. As far as the market is concerned, there are about 10,000 hemophilia A patients in Brazil. We have now converted more than 4,000 patients. As we convert from plasma to recombinant, we also convert those patients from on-demand to prophy, and our penetration of prophy in those patients is about closer to 70%. So we still have a long way to go, and that's where the additional $100 million opportunity is coming from. 2015 will be the next step in the journey that is going to take longer than 2 years to get to the 100% conversion.
Ludwig N. Hantson: Well, it's a good question, thank you. With respect to the surveys, I think my answer would be we'll post the surveys. We have now 6 months of data. So at this point, the surveys are very qualitative, but the quantitative piece comes from the actual data. So that will be my answer to the survey question. With respect to the market itself, it's a very sticky market. We've seen this. We see this in Factor VIII. Now when you look at the market dynamics in IX, it's not much different with the new entrants including RIXUBIS. So the market, I believe, will continue to look for the standard treatment because we raised the bar, and the bar is very high. The bar is 0 blips. And when you look at the clinical data, 0 to 1 is where the SA data comes out, and that's a very high bar. So irrespective of the new technology, we're talking about an efficacy target, which is very high. We do believe that we have a very strong strategy in place, starting from the gold standard ADVATE moving to 855, which is ADVATE in a PEGylated form to known technologies, moving to 826, which is ADVATE in a PSA technology, and then leapfrogging maybe those technology with potentially gene therapy. In gene therapy, as you know, we'll post proof of clinical concept in hemophilia B. We're going to show that data in a couple of weeks in Helsinki. But overall, we believe that we are in a position of strength to continue to grow this franchise moving forward.
Ludwig N. Hantson: Okay. With respect to the gene therapy, as I mentioned, we'll post proof of concept on hemophilia B. So the data that we're going to present in 2 weeks from now will be individual patient data where we will be showing -- and I've shared that before, we see sustained levels of Factor VIII expression elevated versus current treatments. With respect to what is the target level, there is some data with respect to target level, depends on activity of the patient. When you're talking about patients that are active, it might be 20%-plus and yet we are able to achieve those levels with hemophilia B. Then with respect to your question on regulatory pathway, that is still a work in progress. My assumption at this moment is that for every new technology that comes into hemophilia, that it might be a little bit different than the way that we've developed ADVATE 855 because there's always going to be more questions with respect to efficacy, sustainability and long-term probability. But we'll keep you posted as soon as we got the regulatory input. And with respect to the timing of gene therapy for hemophilia A, we're planning to start our clinical program in the next year. So hemophilia B, we'll post proof of concept; hemophilia A, we're going to take the same technology into the clinic in about a year from now.
