Mary Kay Ladone: Good morning, and thanks for joining us for our fiscal third quarter 2020 earnings conference call. Joining me today are John Groetelaars, President and Chief Executive Officer of Hill-Rom; and Barbara Bodem, Chief Financial Officer. Before we get started, let me begin by reminding you that this presentation includes forward-looking statements that are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described, including any impact related to the COVID-19 pandemic. Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filings for more information concerning Risk Factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. In addition on today's call, non-GAAP financial measures will be used. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures are included in our earnings release issued this morning. I would also like to mention that in addition to the press release issued this morning, we have posted a supplemental presentation, which highlights Hill-Rom's performance. These materials can be accessed on the Investor Relations page of our website. So, with that introduction, let me now turn the call over to John.
Mary Kay Ladone: We have time for just two more questions. I know we'll go a little bit longer today. But two more questions, please. Thank you.
Mary Kay Ladone: Thanks, John. Just wanted to say thanks for everyone sorry, we ran a little late today, but happy to answer any follow-up questions during the day. Thanks so much and have a great weekend.
Barbara Bodem: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Let me briefly walk through the P&L before commenting on trends we are seeing as we closeout fiscal 2020. For the third quarter, global revenue of $768 million increased 6% over prior-year revenue of $727 million. On a constant currency basis, revenue increased 7%. Core revenue advanced 12%, reflecting a benefit from COVID-related purchases of more than $100 million, new product contributions, as well as approximately 400 basis points from the Breathe Technologies acquisition, which will anniversary in August. Adjusted gross margin expanded 350 basis points versus the prior-year and peaked at 53.8%, a new record level. This reflects favorable product mix, particularly from higher margin one-time COVID purchases, as well as the impact of new product and portfolio optimization initiatives and the benefit of lower manufacturing and service costs. R&D spending of $34 million was comparable to the prior-year. Adjusted SG&A of $197 million decreased 3% primarily as lower discretionary spending, like travel, meetings, and certain marketing expenses more than offset strategic investments to drive future growth. Given strong adjusted gross margin expansion and expense leverage, adjusted operating margin of 23.7% improved 590 basis points compared to the prior-year, setting a high watermark for the fiscal year. Interest and other non-operating expenses for the quarter totaled $17 million and the adjusted tax rate was 21%. This translates into adjusted earnings for the fiscal third quarter of $1.95 per diluted share, which is an increase of 59% from $1.23 per diluted share in the prior-year. Excluding the diluted impact of the Surgical Consumable divestiture which contributed $0.07 per diluted share last year, adjusted earnings per share increased 68%. Now, turning to cash flow, cash flow from operations for the first nine months of 2020 was $315 million, a 5% increase to prior-year. Capital expenditures on a year-to-date basis totaled $72 million, $21 million higher than the prior-year, driven by IT transformation costs and capitalized software costs related to R&D investments. As a result, year-to-date free cash flow totaled $243 million. Our balance sheet and overall financial position remains very strong. To-date we returned $114 million to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases during fiscal 2020. We ended the quarter with $332 million in cash and our debt-to-EBITDA ratio at the end of June was 2.9 times. The first time it's been below three times since the Welch Allyn acquisition. We continue to operate well within our debt covenants and we have no material debt maturities until 2024. Lastly, given our refinancing efforts last year, we have access to a revolving credit facility of up to $1.2 billion to address any capital needs as necessary. Now, before turning the call back over to John, let me expand on the current business trends as we continue to actively monitor the evolving landscape and track potential implications geographically and within each of our three businesses. As John mentioned, Q3 reflected peak demand overall for 60% of the portfolio, which translated into actual growth of more than 40% for this category of products. As demand for certain products like ICU and med-surg beds begins to normalize, we do expect double-digit growth for other products in this category like thermometry, vital signs monitoring and respiratory products as we exit the year. Collectively for the 60% revenue category, we expect Q4 revenues to be comparable to the strong fourth quarter last year, resulting in growth of nearly 20% for the second half of 2020. This reflect the current backlog and visibility to orders and no benefits from a second wave. The other 40% of our revenue is now showing signs of recovery and is expected to show sequential double-digit revenue growth as we exit our fiscal year as customer access and physician office visits improve. We continue to expect second half revenue for this portion of the portfolio to decline by about 25%. This is in line with the expectations we shared with you last quarter. Given the ongoing uncertainty, scope and evolving nature of the pandemic, we're not reinstating formal guidance. We would also not recommend extrapolating our recent results into projections for the remainder of the fiscal year. However, given our results today, and disciplined management of the business, we can say that we expect full-year adjusted earnings of at least $5.40 per diluted share. We look forward to providing you with additional updates in the future. Thank you. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to John.
Barbara Bodem: You know, I think you've covered it really well, John, our capital allocation priorities remain the same. First and foremost, we're looking to support the growth of the business and finding the right M&A deal is top of our list. Absent the right M&A we will continue to support our dividend. We'll continue to look at share repurchases as a lever to offset dilution where appropriate. But absent the right M&A beyond our supportive dividends and share repurchases, we're going to continue to pay down our debt. We're really pleased in this environment to see our debt ratio decline to 2.9 which is historically low number for us. So we're going to continue to stay disciplined and look for the right deals and the deals that are going to drive our top and bottom line growth over time.
Barbara Bodem: Hey, Larry, thanks for the question. I hope you're doing well. Let me start with gross margin. So gross margin for Q3 was at record levels 53.8% and we're really pleased with that. As we highlighted in our presentation that's online about 180 basis points of that really is related to the one-time COVID sale that we saw in Q3. On a year-to-date basis, if you look at our performance, we're year-to-date for the first nine months at 51.7%. And one-time, we're tracking really well for the full-year. In fact, if you go all the way back to sort of our aspirations at the beginning of the year for our gross margin expansion, we're tracking well against that. As you think about Q4, there are probably two things that you want to consider. One is that, we won't have the one-time COVID benefit. But the second thing to keep in mind is that the benefit that we've been receiving from the divestiture of Surgical Consumables business has given us about a 50 basis points lift each of the quarter so far this year, that's going to anniversary in August. So we will not see the same level of benefit in Q4. So you want to keep in mind those two pieces. But overall, in terms of the expansion of gross margin, we continue to be really pleased with it. It's tracking along our long-term aspiration. Volumes and manufacturing variances to-date and in our expectations are going to have an immaterial impact on the full-year. This is really coming down to our efforts on the portfolio optimization, our M&A, our new product launches, and the overall portfolio mix that's driving the bulk of the improvements, supported by ongoing productivity improvements from our outstanding operations team. So that's how we think about gross margin. As we turn and we talk about cash flow, and we look at inventory, we did have a significant build of inventory in Q3. And really, that was driven by a couple of different things. One of it was sort of a reaction or the result of the fact that we did see parts of our portfolio that 40% of our portfolio we saw softness in demand in the quarter. And we saw that demand. It takes time for the supply chain to matchup with that demand. The other part of the build was a conscious build, to make sure that we have the flexibility to continue to meet customer demands. And given how fluid the market is, we've deliberately held a little bit more to make sure that we're in a position to meet demand as it moves. As you think about Q4, I wouldn't expect a substantial change in our inventory levels, as we think about Q4, but we expect as we head next year, those things will all start to normalize more as we go into 2021. I hope that answers your question.
Barbara Bodem: Really good clarification. This is deliberate choices about volume, not about any risk of obsolescence.
Barbara Bodem: Well, just to reiterate, when we look at suspended guidance last quarter, it was because it's very difficult to pinpoint the exact net impact on the portfolio of all the puts and takes. And as John has highlighted around the bed orders in Q3 and our ability to deliver on that in Q3 and the subsequent impact on Q4, it's not just about the net impact, it's the timing of the net impact that becomes challenging. And so we obviously are running loads of scenarios looking at where things could be and as we were preparing for today, wanted to make sure we are providing as much clarity as we could. So again, where we came back to was this floor. And it really is a floor on the EPS of the $5.40. Where do we feel confident that we can deliver there? And then providing the thoughts about what the second half will look like on the 60 and 40. And as you're doing the math back, that will give you sort of the range, if you will, and the floor that you can work that to from a revenue standpoint of what we think the quarter is going to look like. But remember that the timing, the timing in particular, it's the net impact of the puts and takes. But it's also the timing and how that’s falling within our quarters, there's more fluid nature to it than what we've traditionally seen.
Barbara Bodem: Happy to take it. So I think we talked a little while ago about gross margin and the expectations for Q4. So you should not be expecting a repeat of 53.8% in Q4. But our overall trend towards gross margin expansion have not been significantly out of line then with where we stated our goals for the beginning -- at the beginning of the year. And I think that that we continue to kind of lean into our expectations around gross margin expansion. With regards to operating expense leverage, we saw very good operating expense leverage in Q3. As we saw expenses decline year-over-year because of the impact on the business as we all move to remote working. Now, in Q4, as you think about operating expenses, there are a couple of things that will be a little bit different as you think about Q4. One is as John has talked about, activity has picked up and so our spend level is expected to pick-up as well, just because we're out in the marketplace, and we're reconnecting with customers. So it's a different level of normal activity in Q4, plus the investments that we turned on in Q3, we will continue to find as we go into Q4. But our overall commitment to both the growth and operating margin expansion remain strong. And we believe we're on a good path to be able to deliver on those for the year. The uncertainty around Q4 and where relative to that $5.40 is going to come down to the net impact of the puts and takes on the portfolio and the timing of those. That's really the question and why we're not giving specific guidance, because there are so many moving pieces as you highlighted earlier.
Barbara Bodem: So I think that it's difficult, and as we talk about it, we would not extrapolate purely off of Q3. And as John commented earlier, we wouldn't extrapolate off of Q4. Even taking the average of those two, David could present some challenges. You really have to think about the shape and the speed of the recovery that we're seeing in the underlying portfolio. Much as John talked about it earlier, we're seeing different speeds based on whether you're in care homes versus physical diagnostics versus safe patient handling and surgical. And then we're going to have in the near-term, some of the lumpiness around the U.S. capital market and the impact on the bed sales as a result of the really phenomenal volumes that we had in Q3. So there's a lot of moving lines that are moving at different speeds. And therefore I think even taking just a second half is a troublesome sort of extrapolation, I wouldn't advise doing that. I think that you're going to have to bear with us a little longer as the pandemic rolls out. And we have clear trajectories on where 2021 will be. And the next time we're together, we'll have more information; we will be able to talk more about that then.
Barbara Bodem: So we've given you in the second half of the year, we've talked about the 60% and where we see that growing in the 20% range. I think we've also talked about that in that 60%, we continue to see double-digit growth on subcategories around the monetary -- around patient monitoring. Those areas continue to grow as we think about Q4.
Barbara Bodem: We spoke about how we think that year-over-year collectively that growth is going to look very similar to what we saw in Q4 of last year.
John Groetelaars: Thanks Barb. In closing, we remain confident in the durability of our diverse portfolio of differentiated healthcare solutions. As we move beyond heightened COVID demand, and the transitory benefits, we believe our value proposition got even stronger and remain attractive in the post-COVID environment. And the multi-year growth platforms we've previously discussed can contribute meaningfully to future performance. Our company is better positioned today than during the last period of economic instability. Our core investment thesis remains intact. Our financial strength, consistent cash flow generation, and the execution of our strategic priorities is positioning Hill-Rom for sustained success. As I mentioned earlier, the strong foundation we've built is due to the amazing work and dedication of our Hill-Rom team. Their commitment both to our company, and the patients and caregivers we serve is truly an inspiration. Our employees around the world bring our mission to life every day. I feel fortunate to work with such a great team and together we will continue to build on our momentum as we aspire to deliver on our long-term objectives and create value for our shareholders. With that, let's open up the call for Q&A.
John Groetelaars: Yes, thanks Rick. When it comes to our PSS business, and in particular, the bed portion of both med-surg and ICU beds, I think what we saw in Q3 and as we outlined in our prepared comments was in fact market expansion. We took a lot of time to detail out that incremental $100 million of COVID-related business, and saw that roughly, we said about half of it was due to market expansion. So and a big portion of that in Q3 was not just U.S. was International. I can give you examples, I'll give you one example that we talked about last time. In Canada, we sold well over $25 million of ICU and med-surg beds, primarily ICU. And they weren't replacing other beds in that instance. And same with that whole category that we said was market expansion. They were adding new incremental capacity. In that instance, it was done in a hurry, it was done pretty much across the country, and we will well position to support those customer needs in a real hurry. So the fact that we could adapt and respond so quickly to that urgent need in a moment of panic quite frankly led to immediate market expansion in Q3. And that's why I think in other prepared comments, and I'm sure we'll talk about this. But let me try and address it now. We've always said and I've always said that we're going to see a nonlinear recovery, when it comes to this part of our business. We're seeing a nonlinear expansion as it relates to this part of our business right now. There was an incredibly urgent and significant healthcare need. And Hill-Rom was able to deliver for that need to provide immediate market expansion. Now, at the same time, it pulled forward a lot of sales that we had in for Q4. But I think to your question with a long-term outlook, we feel really good about the long-term outlook for market expansion for ICU beds and med-surg beds that have the ability to flex-up and become an ICU bed for a transitional temporary period. Both of those are in our portfolio. In fact, you'll see in our website a new dark frame that we're just out promoting now as a Centrella Bed offering that can be flexed up to become an ICU bed offering to provide for this transitory capacity that may be required. So we think we're really well-positioned, Rick to benefit from this trend. It's a global issue. Many countries require more ICU capacity in the app. We were a clear recognition after the wave that we've just been through that is distinct to happen. And you're seeing a much more measured kind of thoughtful approach around how various healthcare systems do this. However, I would say we've got a lot of -- tremendous amount of feedback; we've kind of do a lot of research on this topic. And our confidence is very high that we're going to see market expansion over the coming years for the ICU bed market.
John Groetelaars: Yes, so our outlook for Care Comm remains really bullish. It's more relevant now and in the future than it has been. We because our Care Comm business is constituted of conventional nurse call and the mobile platform offering, the access into rooms to wire in the systems and install systems and recognize revenue as a result was severely impaired in Q3. As we exited the quarter, things got better. Our outlook in Q4 continues to show a nice route. We believe a very nice recovery as we saw the trend play out in Q3. So we're quite optimistic that that recovery curve is one of the quicker steeper ones to come back partly because the relevance and the importance of these communication tools to healthcare providers and the expanded feature set that we now provide with everything as we mentioned in some of our presentation materials a new partnership with hands-free voice activated feature on our Volt mobile nurse call system, as well as the earlier acquisition of Excel Medical which brings medical device integration and live waveforms, our comprehensive solution set in that [ph], the mobile building around this business continues to provide a fairly dynamic growth vehicle for the company going forward. So the recovery is coming, it feels like it's one of the quicker businesses that will recover, because of the importance of it. And the long-term growth outlook continues to be one of our brightest opportunities in the future.
John Groetelaars: Thanks, Rick. Yes, so we continue to be very active in M&A. As we're working through the last quarter and the craziness of the pandemic, we were able to remain very focused with our teams on M&A and continue making good progress. As you heard in this announcement, we closed two small tuck-in acquisitions, one around video integration in the OR, video and OR data integration in the operating room. And then another one around emerging market connectivity solution for our vital signs business, which we're really happy with. Both of those are strategically fit into our strategies very nicely. They both support international as well as U.S. opportunities in the case of the OR integration one. So we remain very active from a valuation point of view and our rigor around the financial discipline. Smaller privately held companies probably represent better near-term opportunities. It's really difficult for larger and certainly larger public companies to meet our financial criteria in today's environment. But it's not that we're not looking. But I think our strategy around tuck-in and bolt-on M&A is a more likely set of expectations in the near-term. And maybe, Barb, if you want to touch on capital allocation priorities, I think it was also part of this question.
John Groetelaars: Yes, let me probably address that two ways, Larry, one with CapEx and one with our down businesses, the 40% of our portfolio that was negative. I'll start with the latter, in that group of 40% of revenue that was negatively impacted by COVID; it breaks down to three categories, one Care Comm which we talked briefly about earlier. The second one is all of our physician office businesses in Frontline Care everything from vision care to vital signs, and thermometry, well not thermometry, thermometry is in the other part of the portfolio, but all of our physical assessment tools, and then our surgical business as well as some of the safe patient handling equipment in our PSS portfolio. Those are the three big elements and they're all on different recovery curve, I would say. Care Comm, as I mentioned earlier is one of the quicker ones to come back. And we're seeing -- we saw a nice uptick in the trend as we exited the quarter. And our outlook for Q4 is kind of getting back to where we hope to show some growth in that category in Q4, if not, we'll come pretty close. In our Frontline Care portfolio, you can imagine primary care physician office visits were not as high a priority as elective surgeries and the return to healthcare demand. So that that was slow to show recovery in Q3 but did definitely show signs in the month of June. And we're seeing that that trend continue in the month of July. So we're again that's on its way back to pre-COVID type of levels, we believe in the coming quarter. And then the surgical business as well as safe patient handling, which does involve many times in installing infrastructure in the ceilings of the hospital or in the OR given the importance of OR activity and resumption of surgical backlogs and elective surgery, that's one of the reasons we're not seeing, we don't anticipate seeing a significant increase in those businesses from Q3 to Q4. But we do expect and have schedules to see those product lines coming back in our new fiscal year, starting in October. So they're going to come back, we feel very confident they are going to come back. It's just a slower recovery curve in that area. The other area I would comment on is CapEx, and in particular, U.S. CapEx, our international CapEx is really not impacted, in the markets we're in and the products we're in if anything is favorable because of the need for more bed capacity, more ICU bed capacity, and are there parts of our portfolio that are experiencing a tailwind in this environment. In the U.S. is where more of the uncertainty is, and I'm sure everyone's heard the commentary on that from providers as well as other companies in the industry. We're actually very favorably positioned. We know that the top one, two -- couple of top priorities for our customers is workflow and clinical communications with both caregivers to caregiver and caregiver to patient that positioned our Care Comm business pretty well as a priority. And ICU capacity and ICU needs for critical care equipment, whether that's vital signs equipment or for ICU bed. So those are going to have relative high priority, even in a constrained capital environment in the U.S. So it will be certainly a challenging environment for the next couple of quarters until hospitals see the full benefit of government stimulus and support. So far, about $125 billion out of $175 billion has flowed to them. And maybe there'll be more in future stimulus packages. That combined with the return of normal elective surgery volumes and normal consumption of healthcare in the acute care environment certainly helps shore up their financial certainty. The combination of those two events and good food, we anticipate that over the coming couple of quarters that the financial certainty around CapEx will significantly improve in the United States. But in the near-term, our portfolio is well-positioned for their most pressing urgent requirements.
John Groetelaars: Yes, maybe just one clarification on that excess inventory of componentry. We don't see any risk to obsolescence in that kind of inventory build of our supply chain.
John Groetelaars: Well, I'll start with that and then I will turn it over to Barbara. We haven't specified, Bob, explicitly. I think the best we can articulate is on Page 20 of the slide presentation, we've provided where we're saying that 60% of the -- we're providing overall second half outlook of what we believe the revenue of the 60% resilient and the 40% impacted, how they look for the second half and you can certainly do the math and back into what the fourth quarter looks like. But when you do that, you'll see we're projecting a decline in fourth quarter revenue overall, which is heavily driven in fact primarily driven from the surge in bed volume that we saw, and were able to deliver in Q3. And as you know, Bob, customers were desperate to get this product and delivered immediately. Thankfully, we were able to meet those requirements. But as a result of that, we have a nonlinear transition between Q3 and Q4 of our resilient products because we delivered over $100 million of benefits financially around beds, and then another $25 million of non-invasive ventilators that are that that will be a one-time stockpiling order in Q3. So those things don't repeat. And so our attempt to smooth that out over the second half of the year ,and say, look this is what the second half would look like, if you take two quarters and average them out.
John Groetelaars: No, I think what we try -- yes, what we try to do, Bob and I'll let Barb to chime in here, but we try to do is underpin it with the $5.40, right on the EPS side, because there are a lot of puts and takes on the revenue line. And quite frankly, it's quite difficult for us to, that's why we're not providing guidance; we don't have the ability to provide an accurate enough outlook on the top-line. However there's enough other levers in the P&L that we feel we have enough certainty where we're on our fiscal year to say $5.40 EPS for the full-year is something we feel confident is the floor and that would give us, if you exclude the Surgical Consumables divestiture last year, that's 11% growth year-over-year. So again, our ability to deliver in highly uncertain times deliver double-digit EPS for our fiscal year is something we're quite proud of.
John Groetelaars: Bob, hey look, I wouldn't -- let me just comment, Bob, I'm not going to object or comment either way to your number of $700 million in the quarter. But let me just say, for the last few quarters, we said please don't extrapolate off of these quarterly results; right this quarter and the prior-quarter. And whatever our results end-up being in Q4, we would probably say the same thing again. So even though you might end up on a number for Q4, you can't extrapolate off of it.
John Groetelaars: Yes, thanks Bob. I'll turn the first part of that question over to Barb on the $5.40 and the puts and takes.
John Groetelaars: So let me then answer the second part of that question, and I'll point to our actual results first, and say the Hill-Rom today is not the Hill-Rom of yesterday. And the results year-to-date and what we're now projecting for the full-year illustrate that, right. The diversity of our portfolio, the resiliency of our portfolio, and our ability to navigate through this pandemic and the financial uncertainty that go with it and still deliver double-digit EPS growth and revenue growth in some -- at some level, we'll know in the next quarter what that full-year performance looks like. It's pretty remarkable especially compared to our peer group. Long-term, our vision and our direction of going towards a connected care and advancing connected care environment is become more relevant than it ever has been. And the growth vectors will be driven-off of new products which we continue to see nice acceleration in the current quarter. It'll be driven by select investments in emerging markets, and then driving-off of four key product category areas: respiratory health, Care Communications, our smart bed and ICU market expansion opportunities, including flexible ICU offering. And then patient monitoring and the application for patient monitoring and Telehealth and remote patient monitoring, and really connected care in both the hospital and the home for the physical assessment tool excuse me as an example. So the long-term growth vectors and growth vehicles are in our portfolio today, I think we're showing that resilience in our current results and our aspiration that we outlined in our LRP or three-year plan from earlier this year that aspiration still holds to be consistent mid-single-digit grower and provide double-digit EPS growth over the long period of time and we think we're very well-positioned to do that.
John Groetelaars: Yes, like I said, because we're not explicitly giving guidance, David we provided -- we did our best to provide as much color as we could. And I think you're seeing that and backing into numbers that I can fill-up. Yes, you're in the right zip code. But we're not going to explicitly affirm it, but you're certainly in the right zip code. And so as Bob, we don't mean to evade the question in fact, we try to do the opposite. We try to provide you as much color as possible on current results and second half year results, so you can get to that kind of the range that you've just outlined. If you have a lot more confidence in our ability with moving levers and everything down the P&L to provide a hard number on the floor for EPS.
John Groetelaars: Really, the wildcard there, Dave, the wildcard there, David, is the bed business, right. Maybe it was such a surge in Q3, it's relative to last year in Q4, obviously showing the decline in the math that we're providing here. It's that that is the piece, as we talked before that is going to be nonlinear. It's generally positive over a multi-quarter kind of period of time. But quarter-to-quarter in this kind of environment is going to show some positive and some negatives, quarter-to-quarter and just going to be nonlinear. And that's just unfortunate the nature of the pandemic that we're in.
John Groetelaars: Yes, I would comment this way. One as we just said, the quarter-to-quarter variability in some elements of our business namely the bed business quarter-to-quarter financials and volatility right, so over a longer period of time and because of the environment we're in right now, the end of this year and likely beginning of next fiscal year, it's going to give us some interesting comps to deal with in fiscal 2021. That said, the long-term growth trajectories, the long-term growth vehicles in our business that are shining through in Q3 and will rebound in Q4 for the parts that have been impacted. We feel very confident that those aspirations can be achieved over a multi-year period.
John Groetelaars: Yes, good. That's a good question. And the simple answer is tough comps from the prior-year. We normally have a really robust Q4. In the current environment, we don't expect the same kind of seasonality in our business or quarterly phasing in our business because of the situation that we're in. That's why we do see sequential improvement of around 10%. We expect around 10% sequential improvement between Q3 and Q4 on whole. And then with the comment -- the other part of that is that the safe patient handling and the surgical business which is about 15% of total revenue. So 15% of that 40% is really going to be a little bit slower on recovery, because of getting access to install infrastructure.
John Groetelaars: Yes, we're honing that number as we speak and doing a lot of research. We do believe that it's a well over $200 million incremental opportunity over the next four years. And in terms of the TAM that will be available. So that's on an incremental basis, that's kind of a preliminary number that we're seeing.
John Groetelaars: Yes, that's exactly the kind of thing we're doing to quantify it because in some of those emerging markets, they'll be happy using a lower end med-surg bed as an ICU bed and can have very different practices. So that that is the work, we need to finalize, but the number I gave you over roughly $200 million or better over the next four years does incorporate that thinking in terms of market dynamics.
John Groetelaars: It’s still fairly low; it's around 15% mark the last quarter will probably give it an uptick of a percent or two, but it's still below 20%, easily below 20% of our Hill-Rom base of business in the United States. So we have a long way to go in terms of penetrating that base and then building our connectivity story of smart bed to smartphone and digital product offerings around that as we go into the future.
John Groetelaars: Okay, thank you. Well, with that I will turn it back over to Mary Kay and say thank you for the call. We went over a little bit, but given the climate, hopefully everyone hung on to the call. And really want to thank you for your questions today. And I'll turn it back over to Mary Kay.
