Mary Kay Ladone: Thanks, Kevin, and good morning, everyone, and welcome to our Q2 2012 earnings conference call. Joining me today are Bob Parkinson, CEO and Chairman of Baxter International; Bob Hombach, Chief Financial Officer; and Dr. Norbert Riedel, Chief Science and Innovation Officer. Before we get started, let me remind you that this presentation, including comments regarding our financial outlook, new product developments and regulatory matters, contain forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, and of course, our actual results could differ materially from our current expectations. Please refer to today's press release and our SEC filings for more detail concerning factors that could cause actual results to differ materially. In addition, in today's call, non-GAAP financial measures will be used to help investors understand Baxter's ongoing business performance. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures being discussed today to the comparable GAAP financial measures is included in our earnings release issued this morning and available on our website. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Bob Parkinson.
Mary Kay Ladone: And, David, it's Mary Kay. I'd also add just on growth margin. We do expect margin in the third quarter to be lower than Q2 but still show expansion over the prior year, call it roughly 50 basis points. And Q4 will be our highest gross margin quarter, again projecting something in the 50-basis-point improvement year-over-year.
Mary Kay Ladone: And Mike, it's Mary Kay. I think it's fair to say that we're not clear if there's any implications of the FDA concerns on the European approval.
Mary Kay Ladone: And, David, I would just add. I think you -- we estimate that impact on stocking in, call it, the 2 to 3 points of growth in both the first and second quarters, which is probably in the realm of about $15 million of sales. And I would mention that our forecast for the back half of the year, we believe that those inventory levels may come down. So we're not projecting 10% growth in the back half of the year in the U.S. It's going to be probably more like low to mid single digits.
Mary Kay Ladone: Yes. I would just say, Larry, that there is no change. Everything remains on track. We continue with our trial here in the U.S. Remember that was a small trial with 20, 24 patients over about a 10-week period. So we're on track to complete that trial here in the second half of the year. We're also on track to start our Canadian trial before the end of the year. And as you know, both of those trials will support the CE marking of the home hemo device in Europe in 2013. We're still working through whether we need 1 or 2 trials in the U.S. for the filing that we expect to do in 2014 here in the U.S.
Mary Kay Ladone: Yes. As many of you know, prophylactic treatment in the adult population had been very low. I think a combination of both the annual bleed data that's included in our new label that Norbert commented on earlier in combination with fewer infusions offered by a 3-day dosing regimen will help to accelerate that prophylactic adoption of adults. So we're looking forward to participating in that, and that's part of our marketing strategy here in the near term.
Mary Kay Ladone: Yes, Factor VIIa, as you know, we completed a Phase II. Our expectation, which remains unchanged, is to start a Phase III before the end of the year. On von Willebrand, we're enrolling patients and we expect to complete the Phase III trial and file probably in the mid to second half with -- of next year, 2013.
Mary Kay Ladone: Correct. As you know, we're currently in our Phase I, and we'll complete that before the end of the year and move in to Phase III.
Robert L. Parkinson: Thanks, Bob. Before we open up the call to Q&A, just a few closing comments. First of all, I would tell you I'm very pleased with our results during the first half of the year, which included sales and earnings that were in line with the guidance that we've provided on a quarterly basis. We also, in the first half, continue to build momentum with our internal R&D and new product pipeline, as well as external business development activities. While the global macro environment is going to continue to pose obstacles and health care companies are facing unprecedented complexities given the medically necessary nature of our products, our diversified health care model and strong market positions, we're confident in our ability to drive improved performance over the long term. As you all know, we have an investor conference that's scheduled for October 9 here in Chicago. And at that time, we'll provide more insight into a number of R&D programs across our businesses, and we'll also provide a longer term outlook on the financial performance of the company, with particular focus on our major franchises, the growth drivers and strategic business opportunities that are critical to our future success. I'm also looking forward to the opportunity to share with all of you why I'm so positive about the future of our company. So with that, thank you, and let's open up the call to Q&A.
Robert L. Parkinson: Yes, again, as I said, I don't really want to speculate. We'll get the complete response letter shortly. It will be within the next few weeks. It might even be somewhat sooner than that. So let's wait until we get that. And as I've said, we'll be very forthcoming in terms of what the content of that letter is. As I said, in response to David's earlier question, we've had a lot of dialogue back and forth with the agency, but I think the letter will really -- for the first time, really specifically clarify what the expectations are with the agency. So at this stage, I'd prefer to just leave it at that.
Robert L. Parkinson: Yes. This is Bob Parkinson, David. Let me take that and then Mary Kay or Bob can add to my comment. I think you characterized the Sanquin deal the right way. This is an intermediate gap filler. And I think there's 3 dimensions of our capacity expansion. Clearly, long term is the announcement that we made last quarter with the greenfield site in Georgia, this announcement this morning with Sanquin which can add very meaningful incremental frac capacity starting in 2014, as we mentioned. And then of course, short term, our decision to put old L.A. back in production, recognizing that we're going to continue to manage through for a while the constraints that, that creates until we can get old L.A. back into production. We also have other short-term levers we can pull in terms of scaling up more volume at new L.A., some expansion opportunities, as you know, at our Rieti facility and to some degree, our Vienna facility. So it's really a short-term levers that we can pull that I just described. Sanquin is an intermediate gap filler and so on. So back then to your question, what's driving this? We have consistently maintained that the Plasma Protein business is a very attractive business that should present robust growth for the foreseeable future, okay? We're actually seeing now market growth candidly, globally that's in excess of kind of the 6% to 8% that we have projected over the last few years. Now whether the recent strength we've seen in the global market will be sustained out in the future -- multiple years is to be determined, but there's no doubt the global market right now is growing faster than that. Our decision both in greenfield, as well as the Sanquin deal we announced this morning, is not only to support what's going to continue to be, I think, robust market growth, but our competitive position has been enhanced as well. Our 10% SubQ has been very well received in the U.S. As you know, we got the approval recently, as I commented this morning on the MMN indication, which allows us to promote in the neurology channel. We continue to manage through, obviously, the HyQ situation. We see increasing demand in emerging developing markets. We project consistent robust demand out of China for albumin. And this is all before you get to, again, the "wild card" associated with Alzheimer's. So I think all of you can interpret this announcement this morning as an expression of our confidence in the continued growth of the Plasma Protein business. And this is -- it's a good -- it's a very good business to be in. And we think our competitive position, due to the recent approvals we've received and so on, has been enhanced from what it has been previously. So that's the sum and substance of it.
Robert L. Parkinson: Rajeev, Bob Parkinson here. Again, I know this is not going to be particularly satisfying to you, but again, I don't want to speculate on the need for another trial. Let's wait until we get the complete response letter, then we'll have really -- for the first time, despite a number of ongoing conversations and dialogues we've had with the FDA, as I mentioned, this would really be the first time that their expectations will be clearly delineated. So it's not that far off. I would suggest everybody, just be patient. When we get that, again, we'll communicate on a very timely basis the content of that complete response letter. So again, I don't want to avoid your question, but it involves some speculation. And at this stage, I really don't want to do that.
Robert L. Parkinson: Well, they're -- I would say they're intensifying the approval, actually this week, of the 4,000 IU dosage strength. While that, on the surface, may not appear to be a big deal to you, is actually very helpful because for adults, given that dosage strength, it really does help facilitate the prophylaxis administration and also the PK dosing that could lead to a reduced number of administrations to once every 3 days, which really advances the therapy in terms of dosing frequency and so on. So I think with that approval, Rajeev, you'll see our marketing efforts now intensify fairly significantly. As we've commented, we're pleased with the traction we've received to date. We would expect that, that momentum is going to continue.
Robert L. Parkinson: Not this morning, but I would suggest that this is something we can get into in more detail in the October investor conference. We actually plan on including that as part of the presentation. We realize why you're curious about that, but let's defer that until we get together in October.
Robert L. Parkinson: Bob Parkinson here. The answer is yes, that line will continue to grow. Again, in October, we'll get together. We'll be more specific in that regard. I think short term -- the World Federation of Hemophilia meeting was last week, and I think one of the takeaways from that is that clinicians and patients are reluctant to switch away from currently effective stable factor rate therapy given sensitivities, the higher risk of inhibitor formation in the B-domain deleted products. And particularly given our enhanced twice a week or once every 3 day convenience that's offered by the ADVATE PK dosing approach, we think that we can mitigate in the short term any competitive threats in terms of longer acting. As I commented in my prepared comments, longer term, this is a global market that's only modestly penetrated. It is a franchise in which we are the leader. We're committed to remain the leader, as evidenced by our expanding new product flow, whether that's Factor IX, recombinant von Willebrand Factor VII, our own longer acting initiative. So we're very excited about the long-term prospects of, as you call it, this line on our revenue. And so that, definitely, will continue to grow and we'll share that with you when we're together in October. Norbert could you...
Robert L. Parkinson: Well, I think first of all, as we commented a number of times, Larry, we, and I think others in the industry, are more actively promoting, let's say, in the primary immunodeficiency area, I'd say promoting really, educating the treaters in terms of it being significantly underdiagnosed even in developed markets. So you've got a demand creation dimension that exists today that historically in this business didn't exist. So I think that's one factor. The other factor, which you mentioned, is clearly true, which is emerging and developing markets are adopting these therapies. These are, again, what I'd describe as medically necessary therapies. So their high priority is emerging, developing markets dedicate more spending to health care. These are the kinds of areas that they're going to spend in. In terms of off label use, I can't really comment on that. I'm not sure how much of that, if anything, is driving the demand, but it is -- the market right now is remarkably robust. And just to comment on the Sanquin thing. Let's look at the Sanquin thing as affording the opportunity of what I'll call surge capacity over and above our existing network, alright, as opposed to capacity that is necessary to, say, get to a 6% kind of a market growth. I think that's an important perspective that everyone needs to understand. And Bob, I don't know if you want to add to that.
Robert L. Parkinson: But Matt's question about penetration on prophy in the market and the opportunity, because he asked what other things do we have? What the reality is -- the big thing is the prophy, the PK dosing, we are at the very early stages of rolling this out. As I commented earlier, we're accelerating now the promotion. We think that's a significant opportunity. But maybe more specifically, to put that in context in answer to your question. So Mary Kay, would you...
Robert L. Parkinson: Just to reiterate, yes, to Bob's point, our time frame and our plans with old L.A. haven't changed at all. The Sanquin deal is independent of that. So just to be clear, it's to provide surge capacity going forward not because our view or our plans for renovation of old L.A. have changed. The plan is the same as it's been for the last 6 to 9 months there, Kristen.
Robert L. Parkinson: It's our view, Kristen. So the answer is yes. It's our view that ADVATE specifically will continue to grow over the long-range plan. Our hemophilia franchise will grow and grow at a faster rate as we expand the new product offering. So that's as clear as I can be.
Robert J. Hombach: Well, yes. David, I would say first off, I wouldn't say that the third quarter is the highest sales growth. I think you'll see comparable sales growth in the third and fourth quarter in order to get to the full year organic growth guidance that we've projected. I think the single biggest difference between third and fourth quarter, in terms of acceleration at the bottom line, is really just timing of some key tenders in emerging markets, primarily Eastern Europe and Latin America that just from a shipment timing perspective are going to land in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. Also, from an FX standpoint, there has been a lot of volatility here lately. And so I think as we look at the third quarter in particular, since that's more near term here, I would say there may be a touch of conservatism in the third quarter number as well.
Robert J. Hombach: Great. Yes. So I would characterize this very much as a total manufacturing type arrangement here. We are providing the raw plasma we're collecting it ourself, providing it to Sanquin. They will do fractionation and then send the pays to us for IGs and albumin. They will do purifications. They will finish for PD Factor VIII. And so really, we'll have control over the vast majority of the overall supply chain here, with the exception of the fractionation for the pays, particularly for IGs. We do have a fixed fee arrangement here. So from an economic standpoint -- and as you know, if you look at the overall cost picture, the marginal cost associated with the fractionation piece versus collections and other aspects of the overall cost picture is a modest slice of the overall picture. And the rate at which we're being charged here is very consistent with our own cost to do similar activities within Baxter. So really, this is an outstanding deal from an economic standpoint because it really doesn't change our cost position net-net and allows us access to a significant opportunity here for increased capacity over time.
Robert J. Hombach: Well, certainly. I mean, we have a large footprint in the U.S. today. We have some capacity within our existing footprint to increase collections. Over time, as we continue to do -- as we have done in the past, as we grow this business, we need continue to add incremental collection capacity in order to support that. Certainly, for the Georgia facility, we had it within our plants to continue to add additional collection capacity. And with this opportunity here, we will be -- in addition to executing this agreement with Sanquin, we will be growing collection capacity, roughly commensurate with this in terms of how much incremental this adds to our overall picture. But we don't view that as being a rate limiter here at all. Collections will not be a bottleneck as far as we're concerned.
Robert J. Hombach: No. I mean, we think there is a bit of stocking here, but we have seen an uptick in underlying demand over the last 2 quarters for ADVATE in the U.S., above what we would consider to be the normal market growth rate of mid single digits. There's no question about it. So the vast majority of the growth we're reporting, we believe, is growth both in terms of utilization within our own patient base because the adult prophylaxis label allows us to reiterate for our adult patients the benefits of staying on a consistent regimen of prophylaxis, which most pediatric patients do a very good job of, but that tends to wane a bit, but also conversions to ADVATE related to, again, both the prophylaxis label, as well as the potential for less frequent dosing with our PK dosing approach of every third day administration. So we definitely have seen an uptick in underlying demand for ADVATE in the U.S.
Robert J. Hombach: No. Well, I definitely want to be clear about this point and we wanted to make sure we included it in the press release. This Sanquin opportunity, once the capacity is in place and qualified to run our product through and so on, we won't see a sellable product out of Sanquin until 2014. And as happens in all plasma facility expansions that we've been involved in, there will be a ramp-up phase. And so we won't see the full 1.6 million liter of run rate until the end of 2016. So this will contribute to the picture but will not be the primary driver in that time frame. Again, we have opportunity to ramp up new L.A. Bob mentioned that the expansion of Rieti as well that will be coming online and the fact that we're extending the useful life of the old L.A. facility. All of those are contributory to the picture here, and this is just another piece of the puzzle. It's not the primary driver.
Robert J. Hombach: I would just add that our market research would indicate the #1 concern for hemophilia A patients is controlling bleeds. And so we've been very focused ever since we got the approval in December of last year on the significant reduction in bleeds from 44 to 1 offered by our base prophylaxis for adults. And so that program started in earnest immediately. And as Bob mentioned, with the 4,000 IU approval here, we will launch even with more vigor the PK dosing approach here, which will add additional convenience to patients. But that reduction in bleed has been a key focus. And I think you'll see that playing out in some of the demand improvement here in the first 2 quarters.
Robert J. Hombach: And, Bob, I would just say, there are a lot of moving pieces, but I think the announcement today just increases our confidence that we're going to be able to meet market demand on a unit basis at least in the 6% to 8% range, beyond 2013 as we bring old L.A. back online and have this come online in 2014.
Robert J. Hombach: Oh, [indiscernible] yes, it's a combination of clinical materials. The way the process works for some of our key programs is as clinical batches are completed for certain clinical trials and they're released into the trial, we have to expense the costs associated with those products. And so from a timing perspective, we've been looking to accelerate a few of our key programs. And so a few of those releases occurred in the quarter a bit sooner than we expected, which drove the expense up. The milestone payments were fairly small discrete items in a couple of different areas. So I would say the biggest single chunk there was really this release of clinical material and a couple of key trials for it that happened a bit sooner than we expected, which is why the R&D growth rate will moderate in the back half of the year just because of that timing.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes. One other subtlety that I think also contributes to some of the growth we may be seeing even currently in the market that's beyond the 6% to 8%, the fastest-growing segment of the SubQ market is -- excuse me, of PID is the SubQ market. And as you know, given that -- the more frequent dosing in that therapy and how it's absorbed into the body as it's currently offered in the marketplace, patients need to use more grams in order to get the same level of efficacy, going SubQ versus IV. And so that can be anywhere -- in our case for our 10% SubQ, about 37% of a normal dose and with some competitors, 50% of a normal dose. So as more of the markets go that direction, more grams are going to be consumed per patient. And that could also be contributing that to some of the stronger growth we're seeing in here and now. And we think that trend will continue as convenience of dosing at home for PID patients is certainly a key driver in the marketplace.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes. So in terms of the dynamics in the marketplace, yes, we've been following that path. You just described a focusing scarce resources on those parts of the market, where we see the best opportunity. And so that has manifested itself in several ways, including product prioritization in terms of the U.S. market, and again focusing our marketing efforts around the primary immunodeficiency on-label indication we have, and that being one of the fastest-growing segments in the market, particularly our 10% SubQ. So that absolutely is the strategy that we're following. And so maybe on home hemo...
Robert J. Hombach: Yes. I don't know that there's any scientific reason why someone's on every other day prophylaxis, why they couldn't move to every third day. So not really...
Robert J. Hombach: Yes. I think we built in a fair amount of flexibility into our existing network. The vast majority of the plasma we collect is in the U.S., and U.S. plasma is really sellable around the world. Our facilities are FDA approved, so that we can sell in the U.S. or other markets. So I think within our network, we certainly have that flexibility today. I think given the growth opportunities we see and the potential for new indications and other expansions of the strictly per IG, we're going to continue to explore ways to enhance our flexibility on the supply side going forward here. So I think we're going to -- the Sanquin deal, we think, is a very, very good deal, but we're going to continue to look for other ways to enhance our flexibility.
Robert J. Hombach: Yes. Kristen, as we talked about, we're looking to take the old L.A. facility down late in the third quarter. It will be down about 5 months. We'll bring it back up online, get it requalified. I would characterize that the refurbishment things we're doing is very modest and that the risk is low, but nothing is risk-free in this world, but we think it's fairly low. It will take several months to get the qualification, the production runs done and have products available to the marketplace. That's why we've talked about mid-2013 of coming out of this constrained environment and being in a much better position. So that's still the time frame we're operating under.
Norbert G. Riedel: Yes. So as you know, we might be submitted our file in Europe and the regulatory review process there is ongoing. And I do not expect to hear much from Europe until the end of the year or the fourth quarter of the year. It's still ongoing, the review process.
Norbert G. Riedel: Yes. I'd like to follow up on that for a moment and reiterate what Bob Hombach has mentioned. Mainly, that's the #1 priority for patients is reducing or stopping bleeds. And ADVATE, in particular, with the new label, have shown that very effectively. The second key concern of patients is safety and primarily safety around the formation of inhibitor. And when you look at ADVATE, we have, in the field, in the use of ADVATE, an inhibitor rate of 0.3%, meaning about 3 inhibitors in 1,000 previously treated patients, which is a remarkably, remarkably strong safety record. And then on the third item of priority for patients is convenience, in which the 3-day prophylactic PK dosing and 855 coming in, the longer-acting Factor VIII going into Phase III by the end of this year. I think we have a best-in-class molecule in all 3 categories, where patients actually look for the ideal features of the therapy. And I believe that ADVATE is extremely well positioned to address those needs, including, for example, not just the 4,000 unit dosage, but the fact that we have 11 different dosage strengths for ADVATE to accommodate very small patients, larger patients. You have to have a portfolio of offerings in the hemophilia A space to really be able to address the variable needs of patients that are active, less active, very young, older. And so I do believe you need to have the kind of portfolio we have to address that adequately. And therefore, we feel very confident that we are extremely well positioned for the years to come.
Norbert G. Riedel: So maybe I'll start with some of the science around Factor VIII. There is no small molecule therapy that treats hemophilia A. All hemophilia A treatments are recombinant Factor VIII or plasma-derived Factor VIII. The really important distinction is that our ADVATE molecule is a full-length Factor VIII, which is, if you will, the authentic molecule that would also be the naturally appearing molecule in someone who does not need a Factor VIII administered. The competitive landscape is one where all other protein -- Factor VIII protein is a B-domain deleted or otherwise manipulated in a way that they are not full-length or have other protein components attached to them. And we have very deliberately stayed away from any one of those approaches because our conviction is based on the experience we have made with our full-length ADVATE molecule that, that is indeed the very best therapy from a point of efficacy, safety, as well as convenience. And when I mentioned the various dosages we have, the 11 by now in our portfolio, I keep reminding our audiences that when you have hemophilia A, you are diagnosed with that condition shortly after birth and you will depend on Factor VIII therapy throughout your entire life, all the way through the end of your life. And there is a huge, huge range of needs that someone has, who is a very small pediatric patient, who is an adolescent, who is very typically active, who as an adult, either more or less active. And I have a really, really hard time seeing how a one-trick pony, if you will, can actually do the trick and provide adequate therapy for that kind of like wide spectrum of needs that patients with hemophilia A have. That's why we have focused so strongly on continuously expanding and improving the repertoire of our Factor VIII offerings, including reconstitution devices in prophylactic, surgical, pediatric labels, the way we actually offer now prophylaxis with a pharmacokinetic twist and approach. And so I really do believe that, that sets a gold standard that is very, very difficult to match. And that's why we feel confident that we have the right approach to hemophilia A therapy and have had it for 20 years now. Factor VIII -- recombinant Factor VIII has been a Baxter product since 1992. We have a 20-year track record, and I think it's a terrific track record. So I think that basically describes it.
