Stephen I. Chazen: Well, most -- the bulk of our gas is associated gas, so it comes off with oil. There's not much I can do about cutting that back. I don't think the gas -- I mean I think currently, we're -- the current price is clearly not sustainable. I don't think anybody's pure gas drilling works at whatever it is, $2.50, $2.60. I think we need to wait for the U.S. economy to improve. I just -- all these other fixes people talk about are much longer term. But if the U.S. economy improves, we'll use more natural gas and hopefully bring the prices up. But I think $2.50 for a rational person in drilling pure gas wells, no matter what they say -- maybe they hedged it or something for next year. It's just not a sensible price and is significantly below any rational replacement cost. We can't do much about ours to reduce it because we just don't drill that many pure gas wells. We're not going to shut any in because, again, most of the gas is associated. It has -- you have to have -- in order to make this work, you have to have a reduction in gas drilling and improvement in the U.S. economy. And frankly, the costs to drilling the wells have to come down. We're obviously not, --despite what some people think, we're obviously not going to be in a $10-per-MCF gas price environment anytime soon. And so we need to bring the cost of drilling of gas wells down to rational levels. Some of that will come from efficiencies and some of it will come out of service companies.
Stephen I. Chazen: Most of the stuff that's for sale is pretty gassy right now. And the prices that people are talking about don't reflect rational, current or even the strip in gas prices. We try to buy things for inventory, that is to say drilling 3, 4, 5 years from now. Not trying to buy current production. So I think the organic in the United States is fine. And I think we'll be fine overall. So I'm not really in any hurry to spend a lot of money on some acquisitions, especially a very capital-intensive one. A lot of the things that are being done are extraordinarily capital-intensive. On a good day, the cash flow equals capital. And so, that's just not what we want to build. So I'm really reluctant to enter one of these capital traps.
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes, I think I say that in the remarks that clearly, we've gotten some permits, some injector permits. It's the first time in a long time we got that. And clearly, a change in attitude. And so I -- the question is really where you get the permits, not necessarily exactly how many. But I think as we approach midyear, we'll have a sizable opportunity based on current trends. So I think we're -- we feel pretty good about this at this point, especially -- it may be that you were being hit in the head with 2 hammers, now only 1 and you feel better. But right now, we feel pretty good about this.
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes, I think once we get rolling and the permits come at a more normal rate, the rig count will pick up. But right now, we'll wait until the permits are in hand.
Stephen I. Chazen: Most of the permits are within fields. So they were within existing fields, because those are some ways the easiest permits to give. So I think that's the best way to say it, so within current field boundaries, because those are the easiest thing to clear. And so there's no way to tell you what the split is, but it's really within the existing fields.
Stephen I. Chazen: We're in a development phase on the -- there will be more wells drilled this year in that. And while it may not be perfectly delineated, it'd be delineated through a development phase, not an exploration phase. We basically moved on to look for other opportunities, so that's really -- that program has moved out of exploration.
Stephen I. Chazen: Most of the -- and Mukhaizna doesn't generate any midstream earnings. Most of it was different gas processing projects around California and the Permian and the Al Hosn gas processing. So that's where a lot of it is. There's other pieces around our pipeline business. The pipeline business actually did -- is doing pretty good. So that's growing nicely and we're putting more effort in the pipeline business, because we think there's more money to be made there, so -- and the additional tariffs in Dolphin also is another area of significant growth, as they're moving more gas and we're getting -- we may not get credit for barrels but we're getting a fair amount of fee income. It's not -- Mukhaizna uses gas but don't make money on gas.
Stephen I. Chazen: As they use more gas, the gas will have to come from Dolphin, and there'll be more fee income from that. I guess that's the way to think about it.
Stephen I. Chazen: The long-dated projects are just that. The returns will be good, just a few years before the production starts. In the United States, you can't really ignore the fact that the price of oil is not $40 anymore, which is the way we used to budget it, but some other higher number. The objective of the exercise is that we spend about 25% of our money on finding and development; about 25% on lifting cost, production taxes, that sort of thing; giving us 50% gross pretax margins. So as oil prices go up -- and we got a lot of oil in place around both in California and the Permian. As oil prices go up, we're going to spend more on -- to basically raise the bar. It won't raise the capital, and I don't think it will hurt the capital efficiency over time. But you got -- you just have to -- you can't just assume the price of oil is going to be $40, nor can you say, "Well, what I'm going to do is I'm going to -- not going to spend the money and store the oil in the ground." So just a balance between returns and growth, and we've tried to have a system where we're sort of in between. We're not trying to spend all of our capital for sure, and we're not trying to also deplete the business. You can cut the capital and get whatever you want, but your returns would go up but the business would deplete. We could spend a lot more money and have a lot more growth. And we wouldn't have the high dividend, the growth rate that companies enjoy and will continue to enjoy. I don't know how else to answer it.
Stephen I. Chazen: No. It's totally driven by the opportunity set. And so it's not driven by some formula. It's driven by an opportunity set to -- and it depends on oil prices. Even our workover program is really an oil-price-driven program. If you get your money back real quick, we'll spend more money on workovers. Oil prices decline, you won't get your money back so quick, we'll spend less. It's really that simple. It's not very -- these are short-term programs to some extent. The stuff that's drilling in the Permian, a lot of oil there and I think capturing oil at $100 a barrel, probably a pretty good business.
Stephen I. Chazen: That's still a long-term target. We've had a variety of reasons, mostly outside of our control. We had a tougher year in the Middle East than we'd anticipated. But I mean, when that gets back on track, pretty straightforward to make the growth rates.
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, it's both. If oil were $30, the higher recoveries wouldn't be any good, so it's oil price. I mean we're driven by this 25% F&D sort of margin thought, or 50% including all our costs. And we don't use the $100 oil but we're sure not using $40 to do this. And it's a relatively straightforward -- there where we have a large inventory, we can either spend a lot more or a lot less. It's really in our control. We're going to ramp the program up or down based on how we -- based on the returns that we see looking at these margins. These margins will generate, by the way, very substantial returns on invested capital. The accounting type, not the IRR things people talk about, which I could have pressed you with those but I don't think they're really meaningful.
Stephen I. Chazen: No, I don't have any idea. We'll find out -- as the program boosts, we'll see where it takes us. It's relatively people-intensive, so you have to build your organization as you go. It's not just a bunch of guys, hopefully with -- hopefully, it's not a bunch of guys just fooling around on a computer. So you have got to build the organization as you go and you have to -- the people have to get more experienced. So you want to do it in a way you're not wasting money. The resource isn't going away. As we own the minerals -- we either own the minerals or we have very long leases, the resource isn't going away. So we got a lot of flexibility on when. And I really don't have any idea because the program always has surprises. Some of them are good surprises; some of them are not. But the program always has surprises. It's very difficult -- especially in California, it's very difficult to predict some maximum rate.
Stephen I. Chazen: Oh yes, we're doing that. We'll get the permits eventually. This is just where we are right now. Because the state -- it's easy to clear permits within a field. I mean, it's easy in theory. They weren't doing it before. So that allows us to have a decent program and a predictable program. But there's a fair amount of progress. There's always issues in California, environmental issues that they're rightly concerned about. So are we. So I think there's always going to be something that isn't perfect for us. But we're pretty encouraged the way things are going now.
Stephen I. Chazen: I think our royalty interests are significantly below average. And if you went over the whole thing, compared to current things, it's not as great an advantage as in California for sure, because a lot of ranchers still own the underlying minerals. I'm going to guess it's sort of 9 to 10 points of average against new leases that somebody might take.
Stephen I. Chazen: That's a lot higher than -- we're sort of nuts and bolts people working with people giving permits. Policies are best left to more sophisticated people than us.
Stephen I. Chazen: It's right in the agency that generates permits, which is basically an engineering discussion about things. It's not about California environmental policies, which is way above my pay grade.
Stephen I. Chazen: For planning purposes, we're always more conservative than the current pricing. We're not very good at predicting this, you should understand. We were conservative at $25 oil too. So as a matter of running the business, we're always conservative about how we manage the business and what we expect for product prices. Having said that, I think globally, it costs more to find a barrel of oil -- I'm talking about oil, not gas -- than it did a few years ago. And it doesn't make a difference where that is. The overall finding costs are rising. And I think it's very likely that, that will continue to push prices higher over time. But just for planning purposes, we're always conservative about it. There's always a bearish argument for oil prices. There's always some explanation of why it's going to go down. And there's also the sort of the wacky extreme arguments it's going to be $200 a barrel in an hour. So I think it's almost impossible to ever -- I'd [ph] accept a general view that over time, it will rise with costs and to be, I think, conservative on a short-term basis.
Stephen I. Chazen: We're basically not, as a rule, company buyers. There's always properties around. And we added in the Bakken basically not by buying companies, but by buying assets. We'll continue to do that. I wouldn't expect to see some new areas, if that's the question. But we'll see. I'm always surprised at what shows up in the course of a year. My ability to predict this is even less good than my ability to predict oil prices.
Stephen I. Chazen: I think we can get more efficient. I think there's always improvements in efficiency that are around. I think we're on an efficiency drive, but I think that's always something that we're looking for. You never get -- the problem with the goal is you never get to perfect. And even if you did, we'd move the goalposts. So not much chance at getting to perfect. So we look for that, and I'm always unhappy about some of the physical breakdowns. The infrastructure in the United States needs work. And so we get more breakdowns in infrastructure than you might like, so the full potential of the business really never shows up in any quarter. Those are the main things I'm concerned about. I can't do anything about the oil prices. No sense at being worried about it.
Stephen I. Chazen: Probably about half, about half. I wouldn't take that number to the bank. It's probably -- it's about right. And it changes from month to month, as you can imagine.
Stephen I. Chazen: Most of the spend in the midstream is the gas plant in -- right now in the Al Hosn gas plant. So that big number there is pretty much that. The gas plant in California will be done. This one -- this plant will be done -- the spending will be pretty much done by midyear for sure, most of the remaining spend in probably this quarter. And then, there'll be some gas plant spending in the Permian on CO2 plants and stuff, but a much lower level. But the big number you see there is the finishing up in the California plant and the gas plant and the Al Hosn gas plant.
Stephen I. Chazen: So to put it in sort of financial terms, I think we feel okay about the 11,000, but it's certainly not the most solid number. On the other hand, if it worked right, it would be more.
Stephen I. Chazen: I think it's supposed to be -- it's one deep and a couple of others. Whether they get all done this year is a different issue. But the drilling will start this year.
Stephen I. Chazen: It's growing. It's probably a little behind where we thought we'd be, but it's actually growing and doing fine.
Stephen I. Chazen: I think generally, they're going back to a version of their historic rules, and they have a sizable backlog from us and others, I'm sure, to clear. And so, what they have to do is work through to get back to their historic rules. And again, the easiest ones to clear are the ones within the fields. I think they'll get to some version of the historical rules. There'll be other rules that won't be quite historical, but I'm not really concerned. As long as we understand the rules, we'll abide by them. There isn't really a long-term problem. It's just that the rules have to be clear to us, that's all.
Stephen I. Chazen: The governor is very pro-jobs, -industry, whatever you want to say, and has been someone who understands that businesses generate jobs. That or a fair number of jobs here in California, we continue to. And I think the governor understands that and is appreciative of that. And it's a very -- he's very interested in this and very interested in employment here in the state, and we're pleased with the governor's involvement.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate: I got a couple as well, if I may. I wanted to just pick up on Paul's final point there. It looks to us that you got about a couple hundred permits in the last few months of the year. As you say, a pretty significant step up. Can you give us an idea of how that's being split between unconventional -- or sorry, I guess the rate of unconventional drilling and the new conventional exploration program? And I've got a couple of follow-ups, please.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate: Go it, okay. And then my final one is, in 2010, you suggested that you could double your midstream earnings to about $1 billion. And I think a large part of that was predicated upon the increased steam flood at Mukhaizna. Can you just give us an update as to where both of those things stand? And then I'll leave it at that.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate: Yes, I guess what I was referring to, Steve, was the incremental steam flood on the mid -- I was under the impression that you had some control of the pipelines over there and that would generate some revenue for the gas.
Edward Arthur Lowe: The permitting is up to about 680,000 barrels of steam per day and we're running about 430,000, so we're just about to bring on quite a bit more this year. In fact, most of it comes on this year. We're now looking at the practicalities and possibilities of a third phase of steam flooding as we further understand this reservoir.
Edward Arthur Lowe: We've had a series of meetings in November and December with the procurement committees in Iraq. And they've recently approved a number of drilling-related contracts, and indeed the main drilling contract got a letter-of-intent approval. This will get all the drilling started. The facilities that will be needed for the increasing production are under bid right now, and they're coming through the committees in the first and second quarter. So we are seeing an opening up of procurement, which of course drives our production.
Edward Arthur Lowe: Right now, the gross production in the fields where we have an interest are about 65%, 70% of what they were before the conflict started. We are continuing -- and our Libyan partners are continuing to repair and improve, and they still have a small drilling program going. So I think that we'll be back up to normal later this year, probably in the third quarter. We're still working with an interim government, so we're currently meeting with our counterparts in Libya every day to discuss how to go forward and how to increase production even further.
Edward Arthur Lowe: It's a little more difficult place to work. We have trouble with our contractor sometimes, but it's been relatively quiet recently. We're watching the anniversary of the initial problems there. But it's affected our production only a few hundred barrels on a per-day basis over the year. Things are reasonably okay.
William E. Albrecht: Just on the Wolfberry, we're looking -- depending on where you are in the basin, $2 million to $2.5 million completed well costs there. And in the Bone Springs, those long-reach horizontals are somewhere in the $6-million to $7-million per well range.
William E. Albrecht: Yes, the preponderance of our program -- development program, is Wolfberry in the Permian for 2012, Ed.
William E. Albrecht: It's definitely more weighted to the Bone Springs sands because, as you know, that's an oily play, whereas the Avalon is mainly gas.
