Vicki Hollub: No, we would -- any incremental cash flow that we can generate from whatever sources would go to share repurchases, and hopefully -- and beyond that, the redemption of the preferred along with it. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. Thank you, Doug, for bringing that up. And yes, you're right. I think that, that's not very well understood. What's happened with us now in terms of our forecast for Gulf of Mexico is, I want to make sure everybody realizes. This is pretty typical. What's different for this year is that we had such an incredible first quarter. And the reason that we had such an incredible first quarter is because, first of all, we had the lowest downtime that we've had in a while. It was a very, very, very good performance, operating performance by the teams in the first quarter in Gulf of Mexico. Secondly, we had the Caesar-Tonga subsea system excellence -- or expansion system come online. So from Caesar-Tonga, we had an incremental increase of a gross 15,000 barrel per day from that project. So our Q1 was really propped up by some good performance, lower downtime and the transfer of what would have been the Horn Mountain maintenance in first quarter to second quarter.  The reason we moved that from first quarter to second quarter was just some supply chain issues in getting the materials we needed from the supplier. So this would have looked like any normal year if we had our -- been able to do the maintenance as we had planned to do. Now I think what's gotten people concerned is going from 171 to such a lower number in the second quarter. But Horn Mountain is one of the biggest producers that we have offshore. So doing that maintenance in a given quarter is impactful. And along with that, we have another couple of maintenance projects on the schedule along with some well work that we want to do. So the full year still looks really good. We were at 144,000 barrels a day. So that hasn't changed. It's just the timing and how it looks much, much lumpier than we're used to and that others are used to. And again, it's because of the bigger maintenance that wasn't done in Q1 that will be done in Q2, along with much higher production than we -- than people are used to seeing. So thanks for the question. And... 
Vicki Hollub: I would say it's just based on the cash available. We're going to use the free cash that we have to continue to buy shares and to trigger the preferred as we can do that. But -- and we're monitoring that. We have an outlook on that. So we're being pretty thoughtful around what the rest of the year might look like. 
Vicki Hollub: I'll start with NET Power. We started looking at NET Power about over 2 years ago, almost 3 years ago. The reason we like it is because the physics and the technical aspect of how it works is impressive. And as we've -- I know mentioned on this call before, it's really the only source of emission-free power technology that uses hydrocarbon gases. And with hydrocarbon gases being so plentiful in the United States and in other areas of the world, we felt that a technology that actually can continue to use gas, hydrocarbon gas for the generation of power is going to be incredibly transformative for the power industry, not just here in the United States, but internationally as well.  And when you look at it, it combines hydrocarbon gases -- combust hydrocarbon gases with oxygen instead of air. So you have no volatile organics. And the CO2 which is created drives the turbine, and then it's captured on the -- as part of the process. So it does all the things that we needed to do and that other companies will need as well. And you look at the Appalachia, all the gas there, the gas of the Haynesville, the gas in the Permian and the DJ, it creates a lot of opportunity to build a lot of these things.  Our confidence was bolstered also by the fact that we have now Baker as an equity owner in this process, and they are redesigning the turbines to make it more efficient. So when we are able to start building this, which should be in the 2026 time frame or maybe a little bit before, we expect that the cost of this will be less than what a traditional power plant would be if you put carbon capture on it. So it's a very flexible technology. We will be building the first one of those in the Permian Basin to provide power for our oil and gas operations, and then in the future, it will be one of the emission-free power sources that we use for our direct air capture units. 
Vicki Hollub: Sorry, Leo. One thing I'd like to add to that is that as we look at what the cost of this is going to be for us and what funds we will have to provide out of our free cash flow basically, it would be in the $500 million to $600 million range. It wouldn't be a lot more than that over the next 2 to 3 years. So I want everybody to understand that, looking forward, our capital program for our oil and gas development, chemicals, midstream, the corporation's capital is going to be invested in a way that, that fits with the priorities that we've established, one of which, and as important as any of the others, is investing in ourselves. That is the repurchase of shares. That's a big part of our cash flow priorities. And I want to make sure that people don't think that we're going to, in the future, have capital spending so much that we can't accomplish that.  For example, last year, we -- out of the $17.5 billion of cash that we had available to those 3 buckets, the debt reduction, share repurchases and capital programs, 57% went to debt reduction, 17% to share repurchases and 26% to our capital programs. If we had a similar situation with that kind of cash, 40% would go to capital programs, but 55% would go to share repurchases, and potentially up to 5% for debt reduction. So this is something that we're very committed to is not to let our capital grow to a point where it's not a -- we're not able to buyback shares at the level that we really need to do. 
Vicki Hollub: That's all of our low carbon ventures capital. And that is assuming that we don't bring in a partner. And we are having some really good conversations with -- in fact, with -- 1 with a preferred partner that could materialize maybe sometime this year or if not this year or next year. So we do expect to get some funding. But what we want to make sure we relate to you guys is that, if we don't, that's the maximum of spend that we would have. Otherwise, we're looking at potentially having a lower spend than that with a partner. 
Vicki Hollub: Well, one of the things we do is we're always looking at how do we make the best value decisions? And when you -- when we think about divestitures, being a source for funding to continue the repurchase and the redemption of the preferred, that's certainly an option that we would consider. We -- the reality of where we are today though is that our position is large. And when you do the relative valuations of divesting versus for the continuation of this program, you have to make sure that you're making the right decision there. And I would say there's smaller things that would be optional for us to potentially do, whether it would be large enough scale to continue it is the question at this point. But we are considering other options that I doubt would mature and soon enough to be able to meet the  cliff that we're facing right now. 
Vicki Hollub: I just talked to say in closing that I know there's been a lot of concerns among investors in the -- in our industry, particularly with respect to asset quality, execution, performance. And as Doug had pointed out, I wonder if that's part of the reason for the reaction to what we're seeing today. But looking at our asset quality, I think there's nobody that could question the quality of our assets. And you look at our past performance, I also think that our continuing improvement in well productivity in the Permian and some data that we'll show next earnings call about our performance in the Rockies, will clearly show that we're not losing any capabilities. We're not losing any performance. And in fact, looking at what our teams are doing technically today, they continue to innovate, continue to optimize. And with the mention of a new technique in the DJ, there are also new ways of doing things that we're trying in the Permian as well as in our Oman operations, Gulf of Mexico with the subsea pumping and systems installations, starting to look at our seismic differently.  I think that for our company, we have not seen degradation in the quality or performance of our teams. And I want to thank our teams for that because they continue to push the envelope and every year get better and better. And so I don't think there should be any concern about where we are today and what we're doing is it's just a kind of a strange scenario where, in second quarter, it happens to be the lowest of the year, but our production and productivity is continuing to get better.  So with that, I want to thank you all for participating in the call today. 
Richard Jackson: Neil, appreciate it. Yes, a really good quarter and out looking well for our Rockies team. So I appreciate really the good pieces that they're putting together, maybe just connect a couple of things. I think 1 thing we saw in the first quarter that is playing through all year is very strong base production performance. A lot of that is really strong wells that they brought on at the end of last year that were new wells or wedge that are now turned into base. But in addition to that, they've been able to continue to optimize their production system. The most meaningful thing they've done, they've introduced gas lift earlier in a lot of these wells and even on some of the legacy base performance, which has really gave us a boost. We did quite a few of those in the first quarter. We'll do less in the second quarter. So we won't see quite as much of that bump. But that's been helpful on the base side.  On the new well performance side, I mean, obviously, we're happy to see we included this peak 24-hour record for this [ Nio C ] well. And I'd say that's fundamentally a good thing to see out of our new well performance in the Rockies. We've been able to continue to down space in certain areas, similar to how we do our development in the Permian. So in many areas where there might have been 18 wells per section, we're down to 12. We've been able to increase our profit concentration to couple with that down spacing, and have been able to increase that about 30%. And then just the efficiency of really the frac and then turning that online, we're continuing to reduce, not only the time to market as we traditionally talk about it, but 1 that the team there has been very focused on, which is a time to peak production. And so being very thoughtful about how we're building this operational ramp in for the rest of the year.  But I guess, last couple of points, as you said, we had 6 wells delivered in the first quarter, that was per plan. Really, the second quarter through the end of the year, we anticipate 20 to 30 wells per quarter kind of fit that total year outlook. So definitely, picking back up on that in terms of well delivery. So bottom line, if you look at the first half and the second half, as we communicated on the last call, we expected some decline just through really the cycle of underinvestment as we picked up activity in the second half of last year. That we'll be able to then turn to growth for the second half of the year, and both of those are looking better than original plan. So very pleased with the team there. 
Richard Jackson: Yes, sure. And maybe just to add broadly on a couple of other updates on kind of the low-carbon progress. Like Vicki said, obviously, moving with DAC-1 in the Permian, but then continue to progress our sequestration hubs in the Gulf Coast, continue to move forward kind of with the subsurface understanding or the work that we're doing there.  Really, the big piece of that, we've submitted 2 more Class 6 wells in our hubs there and then 2 more for -- to support our Permian operations so to continue to do that. In the King Ranch area, we're making plans to drill what we call 3 stratigraphic kind of test wells that'll go in front of the Class 6 submissions there. So continue to do really that upfront work to kind of prepare for development, both from the point source side and the DAC side in both those areas.  In terms of the market, continue to see the voluntary market strong or growing for our CDR sales. I think we'll anticipate having some updates on that over the next few months, getting close to some meaningful things there. But I think a lot of that is really turning to the compliance market as well as really globally as we've talked about, things around heavy-duty transportation and specifically airlines have continued to sort of form up, I'd say, sustainable aviation fuels especially in Europe, have continued to recognize kind of these carbon removals as part of that portfolio of solution. So we're seeing some policy form in addition to what we see in the U.S. with the IRA to kind of help support that. So the voluntary market is in front of that. We appreciate working with some strong partners there that understand the role of carbon removals, understand the emergence of these compliance markets.  And so they're really doing their part to help us catalyze this technology, bring this cost down, while we fit that long-term compliance market need. So more updates, I think, we hope to give later this year as that makes more progress, but certainly fitting within the ranges and the expectations we have on the revenue side for our DAC projects. 
Richard Jackson: Yes. I would -- that's perfect, Rob. I just was going to add one. I'd say the other element we factor in is continued efficiency improvement. So Doug, ramping up last year, getting started this year kind of hitting steady state with our rigs and our frac cores. We do expect continued efficiencies. I mean we highlighted on the singular wells of these records, but it's really in total, we're anticipating some improvement in the second half of the year. So we leave a little bit of room on that. where the burn rate just gets a little faster as we gain in efficiency. 
Richard Jackson: Paul, let me -- I'll try to start on both of those. In terms of really inflation, when we look year-on-year, we are around 15%. This is domestic in the U.S. Of course, internationally, we didn't see near that. But in the U.S., looking at around 15%. We had plans that were embedded in our budget to offset about  5 of that through operational efficiencies. So we're generally on target for both. Let me deconstruct kind of the second half and then a few of the bigger components. So the second half of the year, we are seeing some things soften. When you think about OCTG, obviously, power costs and fuel, some of the labor components, those are types of things that we see as potential.  We also have quite a few of our rigs and frac cores that are up, and so we'll be exposed a little bit either way there, though, like we talk about, we have longer-term relationships and we're able to balance kind of that long-term with short-term pricing with our service partners on that front. So the big areas we're looking for is continuing to kind of watch the OCTG market. We'll see what rigs and fracs do this year. Obviously, we're steady, but we'll see what the rest of the market has to do.  And then probably the other point that we would watch or that would impact us is sand. We're using more regional sand even in the Rockies. There's some different sand choices, but our primary supplier there continues to be in front in the Permian, and so we're seeing some opportunity on that. So at this point, we're not looking to change our outlook or kind of change the way we're thinking about the budget, but we did want to note those are the key variables that we're watching that will impact us.  And then in terms of the Permian, similar sort of well count type change, not quite as drastic as what we're seeing in the DJ. But we had 56 wells online in the first quarter. We'll see that kind of hit more steady state of around 100, 110. And really, what happened, just to give a little bit more color, as Rob kind of said in his prepared remarks, a lot around development sequencing. So if you think about the ramp-up and then going into the fourth quarter, where you're exposed to weather, we had pads with smaller well count. And so we did that to really derisk kind of the production in the fourth quarter, and really it was production in the first quarter.  As we started in the first quarter, many of our well pads, Midland Basin, Delaware Basin, they've gone north of 10 kind of wells per pad. So you have a lot more SIMOPS that's better from a value standpoint, but it does change kind of that sequencing of production online. But we do see -- while the well count was low and the kind of residual DUC count grew for us in the first quarter, we expect to hit steady state really on both of those as we go into the second quarter and definitely in the second half of the year. So hopefully, that helps a little bit there. 
Richard Jackson: Yes. The only thing I would add on NET Power, like Vicki said, we've started FEED on that first plant with the NET Power team, and getting that 2026 time frame lines up very well to not only what we need for direct air capture, but it's a great fit for oil and gas operations to help decarbonize the power, obviously, that we have. But the other offtake of that is CO2. So as we look to really transition and be able to use more anthropogenic CO2, it's a great fit.  So the -- on the DAC, and Vicki can help with this, too, I think we continue to think about funding not only for DAC-1 but especially for DAC-2 and beyond. To reiterate, that is absolutely our plan. We know that with commercial development success as we go beyond Plant 1, we really will need that financial support to be able to develop as we see the market growing for us to fit into.  So I think we want to continue to progress this year. Obviously, we'll give updates on any of that as it comes forward. But meaningfully, as I answered earlier, kind of the market or the CDR sales caused progress on the project and then kind of how we think about the capitalization as we go forward. We want to be prepared as we go late this year and into next year to be able to give meaningful updates as that project continues. 
Robert Peterson: Well, Neil, I think there were 3 key components of that. First of all, looking at the calendar month average roll in terms of the NYMEX price, we've seen the market switch really from backwardation to contango at the end of March, impacted realizations by about $1.50 per barrel. So starting there across the domestic portfolio.  Following that, in terms of the Gulf of Mexico, it had an amazing quarter. But at the same time, there were refineries on the Gulf Coast that had turnarounds going on. And so moving from the fourth quarter to the first quarter, realizations dropped against WTI by about $3.50 per barrel. Additionally, there was an outage in the DJ Basin as well, third-party outage, which caused realizations there to drop by about $1 a barrel. So with those components altogether, that really impacted oil realizations. 
Robert Peterson: I think as a discussion in Vicki's comments, and I heard also from Richard, is that we are seeing things sort of plateauing at this point. Some pieces are rolling over. There's still a fair amount of wage inflation pressures in the Permian that we are still seeing. So I wouldn't say we're ready to committed to the fact that things are going to roll over and decline for the balance of the year so we've maintained that guidance. As Vicki commented on the earlier question that if we are fortunate enough to have things fall off, and it allows us to continue the same level of activity for a lower cost, we would roll that back into additional share repurchases in the balance of the year. And then Richard probably has some additional comments. 
Robert Peterson: Yes, John, I think you've characterized it actually pretty well in your question. So if you look at domestic PVC demand through the first quarter compared to last year, it's down about 18% year-over-year. However, what we've seen is the export business has picked up that slack in the first quarter as it's up almost 80% year-over-year. So we end up with a combined demand for PVC that's up about 2.5%, 2.7% for the country versus last year. And that driving on that softness in domestic demand, as we discussed on prior calls, is really being driven by housing construction sector. We still believe that inventories remain low for many PVC buyers as we're entering sort of the heart of construction season. But no doubt, there's encouraging macro conditions between inflation, mortgage rates and regional bank issues have converters a little more reluctant to build what would be typical inventories for this time of the year for construction.  So our guidance reflects that continued uncertainty and the trajectory of the global business and the domestic business. We still firmly believe there's a lot of pent-up demand for construction, but they're just cautious with the macro conditions. I would say, however, that the lower energy prices in terms of gas prices resulting in lower ethylene prices also does create the opportunity for some margin in the business that might still be present and stickier even at these lower demand levels. That's part of the raise.  I would say on the caustic side of the business, we're seeing this sort of balanced along type conditions. General manufacturing is certainly off from prior year, particularly automotive remains subdued. So domestic demand is similar to last year, but availability is certainly higher than it was before. And so we're seeing that result in some price erosion continually in the caustic side of the business.  So we're still assuming that the unwinding of inventories in Europe take the balance into the middle of the year and then the Chinese economy continues to open slowly. If either one of those happen more rapidly, that would certainly be favorable to the business. So that increase in guidance really reflects some optimism around things kind of reaching a stability point at least next quarter or so and then preserving some of the margins with the lower feedstock costs. 
Robert Peterson: Yes, it's certainly because of the concentration of share program last year, this year is lumpier, and it makes it more challenging in Q3. I think we've talked on an annualized basis we would probably want oil prices in the $75 range to be able to continually stay above the trigger point. But as Vicki made her comments earlier, our intention would be is even as we fall below the $4, that as part of our shareholder return program is continuing to buyback stock. And so even if we fall below the $4, our intention is to continue to return value to shareholders through buybacks. 
Robert Peterson: Yes. Leo, the early days contribution from that is going to be from the smaller expansion project. It's in the $50 million EBITDA range. The $250 million to $350 million number we've given for the battleground project that's out beyond the project in 2026. 
