Stephen I. Chazen: Thank you, Cynthia. Occidental’s Domestic Oil and Gas segment produced record volumes for the tenth consecutive quarter and continue to execute on our liquids production growth strategy. First quarter domestic production of 478,000 barrel equivalents per day consisting of 342,000 barrels of liquids, 817 million cubic feet of gas per day with an increase of 3,000 barrel equivalents per day compared to the fourth quarter of 2012. We are executing a focused drilling program in our core years and today, we’re running ahead of our full-year objectives in our program to improve domestic operational and capital efficiencies. For example, we have reduced both our domestic well and operating costs by about 19% relative to 2012. This is ahead of our previously stated targets of 15% well cost improvement, and a total oil and gas operating costs below $14 a barrel for 2013. While we are still in the early stages of this process in making a longer-term projection is difficult, our goal is to sustain the benefits realized to-date, achieve additional savings in our drilling costs and reach our 2011 operating costs level over time about a loss in production or sacrificing safety. Purpose of these initiatives is to improve our return on capital. I will now turn the discussion over to Bill Albrecht who will provide details of our domestic drilling programs and of the capital and operational efficiency initiatives that we have implemented.
Stephen I. Chazen: Thank you, Bill. With regard to the total return to shareholders in February, we increased our dividend by 18.5% to an annual rate of $2.56 per share from the previous annual rate of $2.16. We’ve now increased our dividend every year for 11 years, a total of 12 times during that period. This 18.5% increase brings the 11-year compounded dividend growth rate to 16% per year. I’ll now turn to second quarter outlook. Production; domestically, we continue to expect solid growth in our oil production for the year as a result of the nature and timing of our drilling such as steam flood drilling in California. We expect second quarter liquids growth to be modest, the higher growth coming in the second half of the year. We just received word today that we’ve got permits for three new capacities for our steam flood program, one is already on. So I think we’re going, doing well in California on this, just a slow start this year. The first quarter of 2013, our base gas production did not decline as much as we had initially expected. : Iraq’s production is directly correlated to quarterly spending levels, which continue to be volatile. We expect international sales volumes also to get back to about fourth quarter levels based on our current lifting schedule. Our first quarter capital spend was $2.1 billion. We expect the second quarter rate to be higher. Our annual spending level is unchanged and expected to be in line with the $9.6 billion program I discussed in the last call. As you can see the business is doing well and we are continuing to make progress in our operational and financial goals. I’m very pleased that employees at all levels have stepped up to the challenges we presented to them and are focused on their jobs. We’ve not seen any significant negative turn over trends in our workforce. As I stated before, I remain committed to staying through the succession process. We’re now ready to take your questions about the performance of the business. However, we do not have anything to add beyond our public announcements about the on going Board activities and succession process.
Stephen I. Chazen: Good morning. Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I’ve got a couple if I may, Steve. On the cost fees, if I look at the cost on the U.S., you obviously broke that out for us and I think your commentary about the total company. It looks to me at least the international cost was up a couple of maybe $2 to $3 a barrel.
Stephen I. Chazen: We expected that the U.S. business makes maybe some profile for you. We expect the U.S. business to – we are going to be cautious on the operating cost here to make sure we are not affecting safety in production. So we expect those costs to continue to go down, but obviously not as quickly as it did in this quarter. So the international costs will come back into line. They were up this past quarter, but we think they will be down next quarter. Yeah, and by putting money into the – what we’ve done is turnarounds to increase the reliability and we should actually do better on a gross basis. :
Stephen I. Chazen: I think we always are looking for ways to improve the return to the shareholders. And I think we, and I mean everybody in the company is committed to that. And whatever actions, if we can find actions that are meaningful, and are accretive to value, we’ll do those things.Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. I’ll leave it at that. Thanks, Steve.
Stephen I. Chazen: So the better – the ITs, the ultimate recoveries, same as our experience. But I think by driving the cost down – by returns we’re not doing the IRR sort of returns. This is sort of more sustainable kind of returns. IRR has to do with how fast you get your money back. So I think we’re doing real well. We’re very please with the progress in the Permian Basin.Leo Mariani – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. So just to clarify on the returns, that’s more of an after tax corporate…
Stephen I. Chazen: I don’t think much. I think we’re probably at, for this year where we need to bid and what won’t be. As you know, you’ve got to go to another level of payouts pretty much the program are – the big programs are pretty stable.Leo Mariani – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Stephen I. Chazen: Yeah, I think that’s, we haven’t been able to drill where we wanted to drill all the time. And so some of it’s related to that, and that’s created some inefficiencies, and the well costs got markedly higher than we would like and didn’t make them terrible, certainly sort of wistful. So I think as far as the results are concerned, I think they are in line with what we said before of IPs sorts of things. But we have shifted the focus to more conventional drilling to give more or less decline and the program was underlying decline, so I think the decline is what we’ll be trying to fight against.
Stephen I. Chazen: The permitting, I don’t think this is North Dakota, so I think the permitting process here continues to be, we’ve made a lot of progress in the last year or so and – but also continues to be hard to predict from a quarter-to-quarter basis. So you get some good news, you get some not so good news. I think that we’ve built a program this year that doesn’t rely on the permitting process to deliver the results.
Stephen I. Chazen: And so we’ll be able to deliver a good set of results this year, I think low finding costs and reasonable growth. Hopefully, we will build a backlog of permit, so we could do the same thing next year but at a higher level of spending.
Stephen I. Chazen: And then, we are going to be able to obviously do more work with six or seven rigs than we might have done last year with nine or ten.
Stephen I. Chazen: So the goal is to get the organization and the people to get more efficient with the rigs before you add more rigs. Part of this gain or a lot of this gain is having the best crews on the rigs. So as you add the new – another rig, you may diminish the quality of the crew. So the goal here is – we’re trying to make company as efficient as possible before we do any major increase in spend.
Stephen I. Chazen: Stock obviously is cheaper than it once was. And we think that the – some stock buybacks are probably in our future.
Stephen I. Chazen: I think that’s something that we consider all the time. Obviously, the cheaper the stock, the more you have to look at other alternatives. And so valuing each pieces, maybe fairly straightforward to do the U.S., valuing the international standalone is really more complicated because there’s not a lot of good comps. So I think that we’ll look at everything, but, obviously, with a lower stock price, things that might not have worked before might work now. That isn’t any kind of forecast or anything. It’s just sort of a tautology.
Stephen I. Chazen: I think that generally if you went and sold individual countries, you would have to gain the consent of individual country. So if you wanted to sell, I don’t know in some country, generally, the contract requires somebody else to – the country to approve the sale. However, if the business were split off or something, may be not take so much effort.
Stephen I. Chazen: I think we look at virtually everything and we know shortage of suggestion. I think you start looking for things that move the needle a lot rather than things to fine tune.
Stephen I. Chazen: Yeah, I think an MLP would be a fine-tuning rather than a major mover. That’s something one can think about over time. But MLP is hopefully low cost capital. So I mean, presumably, the play would be sell the MLP, take the proceeds and buy the shares. And so I, but we also have been borrowing 2.5%. You just look at for things that at least initially are things that move the needle a lot rather than tweaking – we’re tweaking things. A tweak for example, we’re simply selling our joint venture in Brazil and we’ll get like $250 million or some like that for that. And so that will close here in a few weeks and we can use some of that money to reduce the share count. There are lots of tweaky things that one can talk about. But again, first of all, focus is on things that really change value.
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, selling the whole of OXY, that won’t take many phone calls to line up to find out if there are buyers.
Stephen I. Chazen: Yeah, one call. You’ll probably not – who knows. So we don’t want you to hire a lot of investment bankers to study the call. So I think that’s an improbable outcome.
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, I don’t know. But there may be other things. There maybe assets we could sell that aren’t contributing to much of the business. I mean there are lots of things we could do that are different than just splitting, but I mean, and maybe even splitting doesn’t move the needle. But the first thing you need to focus on that’s what really matters and then you can focus on things to improve it slightly. But I think you don’t want to go down the path of sort of a delicatessen approach to this, where you slice a piece of baloney off and you throw it to the wolves.
Stephen I. Chazen: We’re not (inaudible) going to answer that. I think we’ve – look at the press releases and the board and our statements speaks for themselves
Stephen I. Chazen: It’s really a decision for the board to make as something that you could read proxy in detail, but it’s really a board decision.
Stephen I. Chazen: I don’t think we probably want to wander into the exact capital structure. For a commodity based company, you need a strong balance sheet to withstand the ups and downs so that you could react to opportunities that occur in an ugly market. And then our operations in Middle East, it’s very important, if you’re going to sign for a long-term project 30 years or something like that, do you have a solid balance sheets of they believe you’re going to be around. I don’t – that sort of qualitative view. What the exact number is, I just don’t know, but we have a lot of financial flexibilityMatthew Portillo – Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.,: Okay
Stephen I. Chazen: We’ve got the very strong balance sheet for that.Matthew Portillo – Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.,: Perfect and then just two quick asset level questions, I was wondering if you can give us some color, the Wolfbone sounds like a new play you are focusing on. If you can give us a little bit of color on how you’re seeing well costs and potentially returns to EURs there? And then I have one quick follow-up on the midstream side.
Stephen I. Chazen: We’ll start, we’ll say – Willie will answer the question, but you should view it as volatile. Go ahead, Willy.
Stephen I. Chazen: A very little of it was from the fiber operation. Almost all of the gain was from gas plants and arbitrage between – with our capacity to move oil around. So instead of showing up in the oil segment, because it wasn’t our oil, it will show up in the segment.Matthew Portillo – Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.,: Thank you.
Stephen I. Chazen: I think we’re budgeting $1.5 billion in California this year.Faisel Khan – Citigroup Global Markets: Okay. So then should we see that number sort of pickup as we…
Stephen I. Chazen: Yeah.Faisel Khan – Citigroup Global Markets: Okay. So I am just trying to reconcile that with the 10-K we talk about 41 rigs at the end of the year…
Stephen I. Chazen: A little bit. We made a gas acquisition in California at the end of last year. So I think some of that was California and then a little bit else where, but it’s very hard. Most of what we acquired was pud locations.Faisel Khan – Citigroup Global Markets: Okay, understood. Thanks for the time, I appreciate it.
Stephen I. Chazen: Are you talking about cost? We contract on a longer basis in that. Certainly, the cost from suppliers is – what they’re charging has come down. And but, we don’t do a lot of daily sorts of activities. Most of our stuff is contracted for a period. So it’s really hard for us to tell about the last month.Pavel Molchanov – Raymond James & Associates: Okay, fair enough. I’ll take that off-line, thanks.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: Steve, in the past you’ve spoken about the difficulty in finding values from, for example, splitting the company. Is that still the way you think that essentially with the stock having traded off and relatively cheaper, could you now see benefit of the Middle East/North America split? Thanks.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: Yeah, that makes sense. There’s a lot of speculation around the potential for an MLP of the Midstream, can you just talk a little bit about how you see that? Thanks.
Paul Sankey – Deutsche Bank: Okay, a technical question. If the Chairman and some board members are not reelected, how long is it before they are replaced and how does that process work technically speaking.
