Steve Chazen: Yeah. The Dolphin Project would be part of the sale process. So that piece of our Midstream business would be part of that sale. There are confidentiality agreements between the three -- in each of the countries. So we can’t actually give you more transparency without violating the confidentiality agreements. So, for example, we can’t tell you the details in Oman or Qatar or Abu Dhabi. I think it’s fair to say that we book only to the life of the lease and as the extensions come obviously more research come. We also appreciate basically over the [lease] of the earnings that someone understated. I think if you look at the cash, we view it as an ongoing business, that is to say it’s not a pile of asset that we’re going to deplete. The extensions on ongoing business we expect receive a price of reflexive value with ongoing business not really price of a depleting asset or the reserves or necessarily the reserves are there. The countries can see the long term reserves, so I don’t think there’s a lot of issue with them not understanding what the long term outcome is. I don’t really get -- we don’t really want them to negotiate with myself on the values. 
Steve Chazen: I think buybacks have been important not only though for share growth in the next -- to certainly next few months. We have a lot of cash in the balance sheet. We had $3.8 at the end of the quarter plus the money from the sale of the midstream assets. We would expect to begin a repurchase of some shares too shortly. As far as the scale goes, we’re not going to build cash. We’re not going to pay down the debt reduction to be proportional. So if we sell 10% of the assets maybe the debt will go down 10%. We only have about of $7 billion of debt, so approximately a big looser, these projects will not probably allow us to still stay within our cash from operations next year.  This is probably not going to drain a lot as far as acquisition is concerned. I think the issue in the Permian is about -- you’re just not allowed for sale and that which is for sale is not that interesting. Companies -- we have a lot of acreage are just highlighted, now just one small area where we’re doing well, a lot of acreage. And so the need to drive the business through large scale acquisitions is pretty modest at this point. So you should expect the bulk of the proceeds to go towards share repurchases and else we’re not going to build cash.  So I think you should -- I can’t tell you exactly the number and one of the reasons why we’re -- once we could frame this more fairly, as to how much money is involved and we can talk about the last steps in this, but I think we’re going to see where we are. Our goals are really two fold. We’ll make sure we continue to operate well because that’s really good price value and we need to execute the things we’ve announced. So I think that’s what we’re trying to do but once we get that leased and safe then we’ll talk about further restructuring stats.
Steve Chazen: Yeah, I think, if you go back to the question about where we -- you could come up with a very high number without me telling you exactly, what it is or for a share repurchase, I mean, so you might be of a $1 billion or$2 billion. If that’s about all of then you could use the numbers that are floating around up there. If you could guess what the proceeds from the Mid-Continent sale would be or within a few $100 million, then obviously you would we see how much cash we have now. I don’t think anybody should be off very much in computing how much the share repurchased would be as the debt reduction and the other stuff is not large in comparison to that. As far as California is concerned, the fundamental question is can it operate better as a standalone business with a different model? The different model, if you are just going to operate just like it does now and it might be better off staying where it is. But if it operates better with the different model than as a higher capital model and basically literally no dividends and with a more entrepreneurial background then I think that it would be better separated from the company. More to the point, I think is that separating California from the rest, could enhance visibility and attractiveness of the remaining business. And I think that’s -- I think they are enough for now. Once we get some slightly better numbers on the proceeds of these two various areas that we are working on now then we can size California. We are going to do it appropriately.
Steve Chazen: And I don’t have any problem investing in a private business if shareholders can’t access if I think it makes sense for us. Once it becomes public and you can duplicate the ownership with yourself there is no reason for us to hold it. I’m going to let, Vicki answer the question about the operational group.
Steve Chazen: And then very disruptive and I don’t know people don’t understand it. We put out the announcements so we could go do the work because you can’t go secretly go sell 9% of your assets. Once that’s done then we’ll look at the next step what we need to do, but you can’t just (inaudible) disrupt the whole organization all at once with sort of this massive idea without some pretty specific numbers.
Steve Chazen: Yeah. Unfortunately -- yeah, unfortunately that’s part of what we’re supposed to keep secret. They’re very high recoveries by U.S. there or by current U.S. mandates. They’re like fields that we started with the U.S. in the ‘30s not the like fields that were discovered last few years.
Steve Chazen: Yeah. Certainly hope so. If it isn’t then it hasn’t been successful, but we expect Permian to be self-funding because there’s so much cash coming out of CO2 business.
Steve Chazen: I don’t think we need to do any acquisitions, no, no, obviously something attractive comes along that’s different, but we shall not going to press acquisitions.
Steve Chazen: Complete, no, there is we got sign a lot of factors, factors probably fill a room. So I think that, we’ll -- I expect we will have clarity as to the proceeds by the end of the year and probably signing on completion in the first quarter.
Steve Chazen: I think you should think of it as being focused on how much money we can bring back in efficient manner rather than the exact percentage.
Steve Chazen: Some amount of money, there is a sizeable number that we can bring back in an efficient manner. The Middle East business generates a sizable amount of foreign tax credits. So we have a probable those that we could use. It will continue to generate foreign tax credits. It’s a shelter of the income going forward. So if you exceed what you have you pay taxes, U.S. taxes on money that you would otherwise not be tax assigned. So we are mindful of that and this rate.
Steve Chazen: We’re not going to give exact numbers. (inaudible) that’s useful, again, negotiate with ourselves on the phone.
Steve Chazen: We really haven’t decided what the options are. Generally, simpler is better. Increased complexity is probably not something I must up for at this point.
Steve Chazen: What’s the simplest thing to do. There are two simple things to do. And only two simple -- everything else requires lot of brainpower and we’re perhaps short of that right now.
Steve Chazen: Vicki, do you want to take a shot at that. That’s true. There are relatively few wells. We are encouraged about what’s going on? So I’ll let Vicki talk here.
Steve Chazen: Roughly 60% of the income in the Midstream business is split between Dolphin Midstream pipeline and the Plains interest. So if you take our Midstream income for a year, I wouldn’t use any quarter numbers. For a year, about 60% comes from those two and, it’s maybe quite equally divided but something like that.
Steve Chazen: The answer is, we continue to expend it on growth projects and it would be enough to replace reserves.
Steve Chazen: Okay. The actual PUD count is very large, how much they actually, but there were always very reluctant to book PUDs and you’ve got to put a gun to their head to get them to book PUDs. So I would suggest that the PUDs are likely not to change very much as a percentage. It doesn’t mean there aren’t PUDs but just. They feel, I mean, just to tell you why, they feel they’re borrowing from next year’s program. So if they book a PUD, they book the barrels now and the money gets funded next year. So they are afraid of just hurting their F&D costs next year. So basically that you have the steady state of PUDs and [PEP] adds and therefore your F&D costs are from perspective of deeply being more predictable. We can argue with them but there is more PUDs out there but they tend to take a very conservative view of it. I don’t think there is any question about that, not the end of the world or worse things you could do.
Steve Chazen: No. I think it requires brain surgery and we are not up for that as part of my liabilities that get older.
Steve Chazen: I think we are going to build out from our field areas rather than go off, part of building efficiency is to build out from your existing infrastructure and one keys to the next year or so is to keep the efficiency strong, so we will build out from where we are.
Vicki Hollub: Okay. First, I would like to say thanks to our current Permian unconventional team that’s gotten us to where we are today, because currently we are running seven horizontal rigs. We expect to ramp that up to 16 next year. So we are now being more aggressive with our properties in the Permian because we now understand them a little bit better. This exploitations team is going to be one that we have developed to get us into a position where we are more entrepreneurial and much more aggressive in the way that we attack our entrepreneurial opportunities in the Permian. So this group, we expect to start helping us to more accelerate those opportunities, so within two to three years out in our typical development schedules. This team also will focus on ensuring that we provide the technical support to the business unit to make sure that we are spacing our wells correctly, that we are adequately drilling our horizontal wells and the correct direction and spacing. So the bottom line is we just expect this to be a technical support to help us get more aggressive.
Vicki Hollub: And again that’s part of what the exploitation teams will be doing, working with our current business units, that is to look at the data in the Delaware. We do believe that there is potential there and it is repeatable. And one of the things that we’re going to focus on trying to do is determine what drives the variations within the reservoir. This team has the skill sets we believe to work with the business units to accomplished that. And so it’s just a variability that we want to understand a little bit better but we do believe that success is repeatable.
Vicki Hollub: I think that the upside in both Wolfcamp and the Bone Springs will be ultimately pretty equal and the Wolfcamp and the Midland Basin, certainly we’ve had some recent success there that -- but based on information we see from a couple of wells, we’re drilling now and from offset operators where we’re starting that that’s going to be very successful.
Vicki Hollub: Yes. I would say that the division of Oil and Gas and Geothermal Resources for the State of California has been trying diligently to ensure that there is more certainty around the permitting process. And so they have been processing permit applications as quickly as they can, granted, it still takes a while in the States because of their personnel resources. But recently we’ve also been trying to anticipate if the application of details from Senate Bill 4 that was just passed and we are trying to ensure that we stay ahead of the anticipated specific requirements of that bill to ensure that we are not negatively impacted by that.
Vicki Hollub: It will provide more transparency, but it will also require more monitoring from the operator standpoint, also more reporting and we are hoping that the requirements are not so stringent as they overload the staff at DOGGR. And that’s the degradation for us is that increased permitting requirements is going to be a load on their staff.
Steven Chazen: It includes projects that are in hand now that we think we have. If we want to do something brand new, they might have a different effect. But that’s -- but if you look at what we have in hand and projects in Qatar and Oman and Abu Dhabi, that sort of includes all of that. But if you said well, you can have some projects some other place. It’s radically different than -- maybe different outcome. But this includes enough to replace production.
Steven Chazen: And more -- So whether it’s $750 million or $800 million or something like that, that’s sort of the range. We’re half of it.
Steven Chazen: We will be spending -- we’ll be spending some money this year but it will build up in 2014, ‘15 and ‘16.
