Jeff Alvarez: Thank you, Andrea. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental Petroleum's second quarter 2020 conference call. On the call with us today are Vicki Hollub, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Rob Peterson, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. This morning, we will refer to slides available on the Investors section of our website. The presentation includes a cautionary statement on slide 2 regarding forward-looking statements that will be made on the call this morning. I will now turn the call over to Vicki. Vicki, please go ahead.
Jeff Alvarez: Hey, Brian. This is Jeff. And just for clarity on the GNB sale, we received $87 million in consideration, $67 million upfront, with a $20 million contingent payment based on oil prices just so there's no confusion there.
Jeff Alvarez: Sure, Jeanine. This is Jeff. I'll take the first stab at that and Vicki and Rob can jump in if I miss anything. So I think, well, we're not prepared to go through business-by-business with the sustaining capital for each one of those, but we will give more color as we rollout the plan for next year. I can add a little bit of color to that. I think one of the important things to understand is while we call that to sustain production, there is between $400 million and $500 million of capital associated with our midstream and chems business. So first thing is you got to strip that out when you think about sustaining capital just to hold production flat. And the thing I'd say is what we've seen is pretty much across all of the businesses, we've seen improvements in sustaining capital primarily driven by driving cost out of the business, the developments get better and better. I mean, I look at – even though we've kind of taken this pause in activity, I've watched our development teams continue to learn from everything they've done and figure out optimal ways where I think all of them are confident we'll have better capital intensity when we restart the program than when we ended the program. Now previously, we have talked about some startup costs. We do think there will be some startup costs. When you bring rigs on, the learning curve will have to take effect. They won't start day 1 or they'll be on day 100. There'll be some facility costs. But what we're seeing is we'll see offsets to those like, for example, areas where we had developments that we thought we're going to have to build more facilities we're seeing decline come in, so you're getting incremental capacity on some of those same facilities and we'll be able to use some centralized infrastructure to take advantage of that. So we largely think the startup cost will be mitigated by some of these other benefits we've seen. So I think when you look at it, I mean, the 25% decline we gave – given the year we're having just as a corporation with lower production than what we previously thought from a growth standpoint, you would expect to see that decline to come down a little bit, so that will also help you. So when you look at all those things, better capital intensity, slightly lower decline across our entire portfolio, we're pretty confident in the sustaining capital we gave.
Jeff Alvarez: Okay. So, yeah, so I guess two questions. Why production dropped from Q2 to Q3? I can talk through that. And then the cadence of activity, I'll hit that. So if you look at Q2 to Q3, I mean, I can walk you through some of the big things that take you from 1.406 million Boe to our current guide. So the first thing is take 33,000 Boe off the top; that's the GNB sale, that's pretty easy. The 25% base decline, we've said that that still looks where we're at. So if you back out from the number before that, you back out the wedge, you take 25%, that's about 75,000 barrels. Maintenance/weather is about 20,000 Boe. E&C impacts and additional OpEx another 15,000 Boe. And then the decline in the wedge we outlined is about 30,000 Boe. And then you take some other things with ethane rejection and you get about another 10,000 Boe. That pretty much gets you to the Q2 number in a relatively straightforward way. So when you look at cadence of wells coming online, on slide 16 we put out what the activity looks like for the second half of the year for both Permian Resources and Rockies. Permian Resources, the well count, our wells online went up about 10 to 15 from what we previously guided. Today, I think we have one frac core and one drilling rig in Permian Resources, so the activity has started there. If you look at the DJ, that's gone up about 40 wells from our last guidance for wells online. That activity really won't start in earnest probably till September or so. So most of those will come on late in the year, but that is – you get some mitigation in Q4, but the majority of the impact is in 2021.
Jeff Alvarez: Yeah. I mean, since we haven't given a CapEx for 2021, for current CapEx, I mean, you could pretty easily take the GOM number that we disclosed. And then of the remaining Permian part which is only a couple $100 million for the rest of the year, I mean, assume that's a quarter of that for New Mexico, so it's a pretty small number.
Jeff Alvarez: Leo, we haven't updated that since our last disclosure on the last call. The thing I'd tell you is like I mentioned earlier on the call, I do fully expect that capital intensity cost plus the benefits will be better once we start back up. So I do expect those to come down, but the dataset has been so small that it'll almost be misleading to say this went from X to Y just because we've drilled and completed so few wells. But I do fully expect, I mean, they're continuing to make great progress on the operational designs and seeing that. The other thing I'd mention is we previously talked about how much of the capital synergy we captured. I think we said 70% because, again, we only measure capture if we've actually done it, and so it's a small activity set. It's hard to improve that number, but it went up to 80% when we looked this quarter, so they do continue to make progress on the small activity set that we're doing.
Robert Lee Peterson: Thanks, Vicki. Turning to slide 9. In the second quarter, we announced an adjusted loss of $1.76 per diluted share and a reported loss of $9.12 per diluted share. The difference between adjusted and reported results is primarily due to $6.6 billion of after-tax impairments related to the decline in oil prices which is at the lower end of the $6 billion to $9 billion estimate we communicated in June. Additionally, we have incurred approximately $100 million of debt charges including $149 million in acquisition-related transaction costs which was partially offset by a gain on pension and curtailments. Our commitment to capital discipline and liquidity preservation was evident as we exited June with approximately the same cash balance we reported for April 30. We reduced our capital spending to $375 million, more than 20% below our second quarter guidance. Our progress in reducing costs was equally impressive as we reduced overhead below $400 million in the second quarter and decreased our oil and gas OpEx by more than 40% versus the prior quarter. Contributions and new ideas our teams identified to reduce cost and quickly adapt to a low commodity price environment is just one example of how dynamic and nimble our company is. Including the amount expensed in 2019, we have now expensed approximately $1.9 billion in total acquisition-related costs. We do not anticipate incurring additional material acquisition-related expenses this year. In the second quarter, we had cash outlays of approximately $125 million related to these expenses, bringing the total including the amount paid in 2019 to $1.8 billion. For the remainder of 2020, we expect to incur acquisition-related cash outflows of approximately $150 million. We restored our guidance and cash flow sensitivities for the second half of 2020, but we continue to have a cautious outlook as the macroeconomic environment remains uncertain. In approaching our production guidance for the third quarter and full year 2020, we have taken into account a number of factors including a loss of 33,000 Boe per day associated with the divested GNB asset. Third quarter production will also be lower due to a combination of scheduled maintenance and seasonal contingencies for weather in the Gulf of Mexico, the impact of higher prices on production-sharing contracts, selective ethane rejection in DJ Basin and declining wedge and base production across all our assets. We expect third and fourth quarter production shut-ins to average approximately 20,000 Boe per day due almost entirely to OPEC plus production restrictions. As a testament to the strength of our base management cost reduction programs, our full year 2020 production guidance remains in line with the guidance midpoint we've communicated in our March 25 press release while our capital budget is expected to be $300 million less adjusting for Algeria and GNB. Our full year 2020 production guidance also reflects the outperformance from our business in the second quarter as higher than expected production essentially absorbed the OPEC plus restriction. A breakdown of our third and fourth quarter production guidance is available in the appendix of the earnings slides. We expect our production change from 2Q to our 3Q guidance will be greater than our base decline. This is due to the timing of activity and bringing wells online which impacts the size of the wedge especially over a period where activity changed significantly. We are pleased that our annual base decline rate of only 25% remains intact despite significant reduction in our operating cost. As a higher decline of our wedge production from newer wells naturally tapers off, the overall corporate decline will level out as demonstrated by the difference between our third and fourth quarter production guidance. The $2 billion in notes issuance and tender offer we completed in July are a key part of our effort to address near-term debt maturities. Leveling our debt maturity profile will allow us to continue our divestiture program at a pace that reflects current market conditions without sacrificing value. We continue to focus on generating as much value and cash as possible from divestitures, and our expectation of raising over $2 billion in 2020 remains in place. As we work towards closing these additional divestitures, we continue to take significant steps to preserve liquidity; for example, the payment of preferred dividend and common shares in lieu of cash in the second quarter. As a result of our cash preservation efforts, our liquidity position remains robust. Today, our $5 billion credit facility remains undrawn with no letters of credit outstanding and we have approximately $750 million of unrestricted cash available as of July 31. I will now turn the call back over to Vicki.
Robert Lee Peterson: Well, Doug, we've updated our guidance as you know for the second half of this year and told you to go along with what you've outlined. And so in the case of 2021, we did provide the sustaining capital guidance of the $2.9 billion that Vicki reviewed, holding the production flat in the fourth quarter. And I think what's noteworthy on that is that the last time we provided sustaining guidance as a stand-alone company prior to the acquisition, it was $2.5 billion to hold 715,000 to 730,000 barrels a day of production. That means our 2021 sustaining results in roughly 60% higher production for 2021 with only 15% more CapEx. And so with that said, breakevens going into 2021 are dependent upon more than just oil price including the performance of our midstream and chemical business; whether or not we do, as you said, pay the preferred dividend in cash versus common. And so rolling that all together as part of that fulsome plan for 2021 that Vicki mentioned that we would put together as the year goes along, and in the later part of the year have that reviewed with our board of directors and ultimately make that available to the market on what we think our breakeven number is for 2021.
Robert Lee Peterson: We're not going to guide that today yet, Doug, until we have a whole plan for 2021. But certainly as Vicki indicated, the company's focus is to maintain a breakeven value that's going to be at or below that $40 level.
Robert Lee Peterson: And Pavel, I would add to that too is related – you asked a question also about the capital and the budget. I don't want you to just think about the things that Vicki just described which are really game-changers for the company as Oxy's contribution solely being cash in those projects. So the 40 years-plus of expertise we have in the EOR business coupled with having certified bore space capable for this EOR-type sequestration is a commodity in itself that is value the company can contribute relative to cash and still maintain a high equity percentage of these projects.
Robert Lee Peterson: Yeah, Phil. We've indicated that our intent is to get back to an investment grade, to move back from the high yield to investment grade, and we know that conversation doesn't start until we get below a leverage of 3 times. And so right now, obviously between all the things that Vicki has detailed with regard to divestitures and positioning the business to benefit from all the cost reductions that we've done and then coupling that with an improving overall macro commodity environment to allow the business itself to generate free cash flow to retire and reduce – moving both the numerator and the denominator at the same time in that process, that's our current goal, is to get below 3 times to have that conversation on being investment grade again and then move from there.
Robert Lee Peterson: As far as looking at a price that we accomplished (50:07), obviously the trajectory of that price is going to impact the timing of that. And so that's one part of the equation we can't control, is the trajectory of the price. And so we realize that if it's obviously a sharper increase then the timeline to accomplish that is shorter, and if it continues on in a more moderate pace it's going to take longer to get there than otherwise.
Robert Lee Peterson: Yeah. And, Phil, I think as Vicki outlined, one of the key things to manage our divestitures is doing them on a timeline that allows us to get the greatest value for those and not being sort of in that fire sale position. And as you highlighted, when you're running these many processes, you do have businesses where there are people that we're willing to close in a more rapid timetable but it's at the expense of our company and ultimately our shareholders in closing those, and we're not going to do that. And so we're not going to create arbitrary deadlines on ourselves. So one way we manage that is not just from the free cash flow of the business but also the capital markets. And so, the recent transaction we did was meaningful in several ways because our prior earnings call was only a few weeks removed from negative price environment in April. We discussed the company was looking at every possible form of liability management at our disposal. But the continuous improvement allowed us ultimately with the improvement in demand and commodity prices to approach the market despite getting probably the two worst days in the month of June to do it with an unsecured debt offering and raising what was intended to be $1.5 billion to $2 billion of unsecured debt on our existing maturities. And as we sit here today, those bonds themselves in a short period of time have rallied to the point to where at close yesterday the 5s were at $1.10, the 7s were over $1.12 and the 10s were over $1.15 and indicative of the strength of those bonds and our ability to probably return to the market when they're open at our discretion and to achieve similar results at a lower price. And so I think the one way we would look at that to manage both the 2022s and beyond and even potentially the 2021s to some extent to give ourselves time for the divestitures on our timeline is returning to the capital markets. And that gives us the time – even looking at 2021 itself where we just did the $2 billion of divestitures that we had outlined for 2020, couple that with a similar size transaction we did in July, that cleared us runway essentially going all the way into 2022 by itself and allows us the time for the free cash flow generation of the business, allows the impact of those cost reductions that we've done, and really goes back to the combination of our underlying thesis from the acquisition that we've now taken the world-class portfolio we have today and coupling it with the operational excellence that we have so that that allows us to make the acquisition work.
Robert Lee Peterson: Leo, obviously, the other ones that aren't in that category right now would be issuing equity or something like that. We did do the warrants. I don't see us pulling that lever as we discussed last time. So I think the combination of the liability management tools that we have from accessing the capital markets, the divestitures and the free cash flow right now we feel like is going to give us a pathway that allows the business model to work.
Vicki A. Hollub: Thank you, Rob. Looking forward, I'm confident in Oxy's continued success. We have one of the highest-quality asset bases of any company in our industry with a competitive advantage in the areas we operate due to our scale and unique operating and development expertise. Applying this expertise to our diverse portfolio provided us the optionality to manage through this crisis. We will continue to optimize our costs and capital allocation across our portfolio with high-return short-cycle opportunities. This will enable us to maneuver through the near-term volatility, facilitate profitable free cash flow growth in a normalized commodity price environment, enhance our ability to de-lever and generate substantial free cash flow in a higher-priced environment. We have taken these steps to succeed during this transition period and we expect our differentiators combined with our low carbon strategy to drive our success and sustainability long into the future. We'll now open the call for your questions.
Vicki A. Hollub: Well, what we're looking at as we go forward is our debt reduction combined with our cash flow from operations. So the driver for us is to first of all ensure that we have the liquidity to go forward so we have the ability to meet our maturities. And then the second is to ensure that as we're processing through our asset sales that we're preserving the cash flow needed to enable us to do the things that we need to do, sustaining capital. And ultimately, when we get to the point where we see that that balance has turned for us where we have a lower cost structure that enables us still to meet our maturities with cash flow from operations, that's the point at which we would start to consider the next level down on the cash flow priorities which is growth after the dividend. So it'll be first the maintenance, second debt reduction, then sustainable dividend and then growth.
Vicki A. Hollub: It really depends. We intend to, if we're within cash flow, to sustain our production, so that's the intent. And in 2021, with such a low sustainability capital required, we do expect to be in that mode at least.
Vicki A. Hollub: Well, first of all, I'll say we're on track with our asset divestitures. It's going well. We reported in the last earnings call that we had just completed round one of the land grant process, and in that process we got 13 bidders. We had commented that we expected with the process that we would be able to close on the land grant acquisition in the third quarter or fourth quarter, it being late third or early fourth quarter. We're still on schedule for that. And the update on the progress there is that after the first round, we went through and evaluated those bids. Then we finished the second round in the second week of July. Now we have selected a bidder to proceed with and we're working on due diligence and the purchase and sale agreement with the bidder that we selected. So the longer timeline for this divestiture is due to the meticulous work that really goes into a deal with so many different parts and of such size. But we're on progress there and I do expect that we'll get the $2 billion-plus divested by the end of this year. We also expect another $2 billion to $3 billion of divestitures in the first half of next year. And some of the things that's driving the timing there is that while we've had some companies that have tried to be opportunistic with us in terms of our divestitures and tried to get our assets at a discount, we've discarded those and moved to the more serious bidders. And some of the more serious bidders are working diligently on our divestitures, but the problem they're having is putting their model in place and getting more comfortable with what the pricing environment will look like. Fortunately, these more serious companies that we're dealing with now have a much stronger and longer-term view of oil prices. So we're confident about the additional asset sales and expect to more than achieve the lower end of our target of $10 billion.
Vicki A. Hollub: So we do have other processes going on, and I think the only other one that's probably more public is the process around Ghana. And so it's still up for sale and we've had a very good conversation with the finance minister in Ghana about that. So that's the one that's more public, but we do have others right now in progress. I will say that though – let me – I would like to clarify one thing. The one that's in Africa that's not up for sale is Algeria. And as I mentioned on our last earnings call, we've taken the strategic direction to make Algeria a core asset for our company. Our teams continue to dive deeper into the data for Algeria, and the more we learn the more excited we get about our future there. We see upside not only in the areas we currently operate but also in expansion areas. Our initial focus will be to maximize the value of the assets we currently have, and to jumpstart that process we've utilized some of our experts from Oman and Houston to support extensive sub-surface reviews. And at the same time, we're taking steps to strengthen our operational capabilities in our joint venture operations with Sonatrach. Of particular importance, I want to highlight that our relationship with the government is excellent and we continue to engage to ensure alignment for the future. To support that, we're also having very productive meetings and working sessions with Sonatrach along with our other partners. We're looking forward to seeing the value we can create for Algeria and our other shareholders. So Algeria is not for sale and wanted to clarify that from the first quarter earnings call.
Vicki A. Hollub: I don't really see us growing next year. I see us optimizing and following our cash flow priorities which is really the maintenance first. And so I expect that, should we get approval from the board, that we would spend the $2.7 billion to $2.9 billion in maintenance capital to keep our production flat for next year as we continue to use all of the available cash to retire debt, to address our maturities. So that's the highest priority for next year. Now we do have, as we go forward, a general pathway to more cash flow, more earnings to start generating a return and to get to a competitive total shareholder return. So we do have things planned beyond next year that will help to increase cash flow without significant additional capital. Part of what we really needed to do to maximize the cash flow that we get out of our operations was, first, to capture the synergies. And as we've outlined in this presentation today, the OpEx and SG&A cost reductions that we've achieved are more than double our synergy targets and we achieved them in less than a year after the close of the acquisition. The second part is I've been talking about here is to divest of the appropriate assets. We're trying to make sure that we balance the divestitures with our cash flow, and so we want to make sure that we're divesting of the appropriate things as we go and that we're preserving all the cash flow that we're going to need for the future. So thus far, we've divested as you know of close to $6 billion of assets. And our divestiture process almost took like a three-month pause in March, April and May when everybody was really dealing with the crisis, and now we're back on track to, as I've said earlier, to achieve the low end of our divestiture range. So first, capture synergies; second, divest of the appropriate assets; and third, is to de-lever. So using the divestitures and any cash flow that's in excess from cash flow from operations while maintaining just a capital spend of the sustaining capital limit, we'll continue to de-lever with proceeds from divestitures and cash flow. And then Rob has been very involved in liquidity management here over the past few months. The funds we raised from the bonds helped us to move out some of the maturities, a little over $500 million into early 2021. So that's really given us some room to make sure that we optimize the timing of our divestitures. Again, as I've said in my script, not to sacrifice value for timing, so we've got some room to make the right decisions around our divestitures. And the third thing that I think that we haven't really talked a lot about but is something that is really important to us is the restoration of our cash flow. And we've started the first huge step to do that, and that's through increased margin from our significant cost reductions. The second way that we'll continue to restore our cash flow is to increase our oil production volumes. But when you talk about growth and ask about growth, the way we need to do that is not necessarily increasing our capital spend but taking on partners to form JVs, just like the one that we did in the Midland basin with Ecopetrol where we're getting carried for a portion of the capital. That's the way we're going to continue to restore cash flow for ourselves without exceeding in the near-term our capital maintenance. So the JVs that we'll be looking at – and first, we wanted to do the divestitures first; that was our highest priority. So now we'll be looking at, as we go along, JVs in our core areas. We're divesting of things that are not core or won't fit within our core in the future. But JVs on our core acreage, and that's in areas that are way further out in terms of development or longer-term inventory. So the JVs will enable us to bring on another wedge of cash flow that will get us to where we need to be to be able to get back to a stronger balance sheet, get back to growth probably sooner than most people are modeling at this point. So – and all of this is to – all the things that we're doing, every step we make, take and every decision we make is around ensuring that ultimately we get back to a stronger balance sheet and that we're breakeven at less than $40.
Vicki A. Hollub: It's not that we gave up on selling Algeria. There's a lot of interest in Algeria. It's that as we learned more about Algeria, took that deep dive into it, we believe that those assets there are of such high quality they're going to be very competitive with our domestic assets. We want to be in Algeria. The more we've met with Sonatrach and the more we get to know the government in Algeria, the better we learn the assets, the depositional environment, the operations. We're very committed to Algeria. We've had interest there but we're committed. Algeria is now a core area for Oxy, so Algeria will not be up for sale.
Vicki A. Hollub: I'd say that low carbon, just because you don't see the capital on the chart doesn't mean it's not a huge part of our business. We believe that our low carbon venture strategy is going to be – is certainly going to differentiate us from others, and we're very committed to it. There are two things that or three things probably that the Low Carbon Ventures will do for us. The first and foremost thing, the reason we actually formed it, and this has been 10 years in the making, but the reason we formed it is that we needed a way to reduce our cost in our EOR operations. And even in our conventional EOR operations, the biggest driver or one of the two largest drivers of our costs there is CO2 and the cost that it takes electrically to inject our CO2. So electrical cost and CO2 are the two highest costs. For us to further increase our margins as we've been trying really hard to do over the past few years and making a lot of headway there, we're now attacking the EOR business because what we've realized is that our EOR business is going to be critically important for us for the future. It got us up to – it was the foundation of our company as we got up to the shale development, and it's going to continue to be the foundation of our company because not only can we do enhanced oil recovery through CO2 processing in conventional reservoirs, we've now done four pilots in the shale play and we know it's going to be as successful in the shale as it has been in our conventional reservoirs. But what we need to do to ensure that we maximize the margins and get the most value that we can out of it is we need to lower the cost. So the Low Carbon Ventures team has put together a strategy that you're going to hear more about in the coming quarters. But for now, I'll just summarize to say they have worked out a business model that's going to enable us to get CO2 at either very low cost or no cost. And so when you start looking at an EOR project and you can get CO2 for essentially no cost, that's going to dramatically improve the margins of our EOR business in conventional. And we have about 2 billion barrels of resources available in the conventional that we can exploit. And when you take that and you expand it into the shale, that's another probably 2 billion barrels that we can exploit in that as well. So the massive recovery that we can get just by lowering the cost of our CO2 is, in and of itself, a reason to continue our low carbon venture strategy in a very strong way. The second thing about our low carbon venture strategy is that there's a lot of interest in the world now, and thankfully, to lower our CO2 in the atmosphere to reduce the impact on global warming that CO2 has. And if you look at the models that were put together by Stanford, by Columbia, by IEA and others, there's no way to significantly mitigate climate change without further reduction of CO2 from the atmosphere. So the second thing that our LCV business model will do is help to do that. It'll lower CO2 emissions, and that's important for the climate. And we started long ago feeling like that is the right thing to do for the environment. We wanted a lower-cost CO2; that was the primary thing. And secondly, it's good to lower the CO2 in the atmosphere to address climate change. And now the third thing is that we have – there are a lot of investors in the world that are interested in not only helping to invest in things that improve the world versus things that don't. So now, these investors who are interested in and also helping to do these kind of things realize that with the Low Carbon Fuel Standard in California and with 45Q that was passed just a few years ago, we're now able to provide revenue from this business model that we're creating. So it turns into a very safe, low-risk steady stream of revenue for investors. And so this checks three boxes for us and it's so critically important that we view this to be one day we'll certainly generate, we believe, significant cash flow for our company as well. So not only improving the economics of our EOR in conventional and ultimately shale, we're doing the right thing that'll help the world and we're going to get a revenue and cash flow stream from it.
Vicki A. Hollub: Yeah. We haven't talked about it externally, but we are today sequestering about I think 20 million tons a year. So we are sequestering today. I don't know off the top of my head what our revenue is for that, but we just now worked with the IRS to get the process in place to start to claim those credits. So probably in the next, in the coming quarters we'll be able to provide you a better estimate of that.
Vicki A. Hollub: And I'll just add to that that our team, the New Mexico team is working on some really exciting things driven by Thaimar Ramirez who's working hard on trying to further reduce well cost, and there's a lot of collaboration going on there to make that happen. And so I think with the sub-surface team's support and all that's going on there, I think that we're in for exciting news for next year when we do pick up another rig or two maybe.
