William E. Albrecht: Yes, Leo, really, it's all around gas plants. We had several significant gas plant turnarounds in the quarter, as well as some third-party gas plant outages. We think most of these turnarounds are behind us for the rest of the year. But it was all attributable strictly to gas plants, both third-party and company-operated.
William E. Albrecht: Yes, Matt. So far in the third quarter, we've had about 1,000 barrels a day outage is all. We obviously have had more insurgent activity in the third quarter so far. Who knows what it's going to be like for the rest of the quarter? But so far, there has not been a material effect on production.
William E. Albrecht: Katherine, it's really both, okay? On the drilling side, it's a lot of little things that add up to cost reductions. And then on the completion side, its primarily reductions and pressure pumping costs.
Stephen I. Chazen: Not really. But we talked about reducing our count in the Williston last quarter and that's continuing. There are some quite rigs nationally that we have that are less than -- at the bottom 1/8 of efficiency. And so we're basically releasing those rigs. We expect that with the higher concentration and better quality rigs and crews, that we'll do better in the quarter. And I expect that we'll drill as many wells in the back half of the year as we did in the first half of the year for -- with the fewer rigs. What the shift is -- we're not quite through shifting yet.
Stephen I. Chazen: It looks pretty slow here in the third quarter. We're going to have very little, if anything, in the hopper in the third quarter. So I don't expect to see much in the third quarter. There's a fair bid ask spread, I think, right now between what we would be willing to pay and what somebody would be willing to accept. So we're not in any hurry. We don't really need to do anything. You shouldn't expect to see any large-scale M&A from us.
Stephen I. Chazen: It's actually doing pretty well. We have some moderate successes and some oil and we've got some things that are working. They're a little bit off the mainstream, off the main plan that we had as far as where they're located. There's still some acreage to be acquired that other people have. So I just don't want to go into details. But I think it's doing pretty well, and we're doing -- we have some nice adds and a few million barrels a year, maybe 10 million, 12 million barrel adds.
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, obviously, the gassy NGL stuff, while it may be interesting at some point, not real exciting right now. And a lot of these plays are towards New Mexico and people call them liquids rich. I call them gas rich. So they're just not that exciting right now. And -- but the oil stuff is doing pretty well. And really, we are doing just fine. And I can't complete -- there is another area where are there's some poor-performing rigs and crews that we're going to upgrade the quality of that. So my focus, as I said in the back half of the year, I think the production wedge will be fine, maybe even more than fine in the back half of the year. So I think we've got a pretty good sized backlog. But I'm really focused on improving the efficiency of the rigs and generating -- lowering the operating cost.
Stephen I. Chazen: I think I'd rather defer that and let talk Magellan about it since they're a pipeline company but you should understand that we could give enough crude to make any pipeline go out of the basin. Next is maybe even more than one pipeline to go. But not only do we have our work, our net production but we also have the royalty production and third-party barrels. And so the plan in the basin is to expand our gathering system, hook it into these pipelines and maybe make 1 or 2 lines that go maybe into -- whether it goes into Houston or Corpus and then into Houston. And put as much of our stuff through there as we can. And we're not trying to fix the problem in the basin, we're just trying to fix our problem.
Stephen I. Chazen: I think we're in the study phase of the second gas line. Remember gas isn't such a high commodity right now.
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes. I don't know yet. When we ordered the plant, we thought we would drill more gas wells and obviously, we're a little ways away from that yet. So you'll get, I think, maybe 3 effects. The most significant one is an increase in reliability. And so there is a significant loss every quarter due to some something that's blamed on some third party. So we'll have to take the blame ourselves now, I guess, instead of blaming it on somebody else. Second, there's a much deeper cut and so there'll be more NGLs, for whatever they're worth, coming out of the plant. And finally, there's clearly more capacity, and I'd like to defer the discussion about the capacity response from the rest of the field until we get at least a quarter of actual results rather than just a few weeks.
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes. I'm waiting for them to further reduce their cost per well. I mean, it's simply they can make step changes, sizable step changes in their cost per well. And my experience over the last, however long is, giving them more money does not cause that. And so a little diet for a little while will have significant reductions in our cost per well. I'm talking not 10%, not 20%, but 1/3. And once they get to the point where their well costs are in line with what they ought to achieve, then we'll pick up the pace. But if I can reduce the cost, I'll get more wells for the same money and that's really what I'm after. I'm not after volume per se. I'm actually after money. And right now, they can do a lot better and they will. But the only way to do it is to ensure that they feel pressed.
Stephen I. Chazen: Competing with myself. And I know -- we can tell what's achievable. We've experimented and we know. So it isn't -- it's not a theoretical discussion. We changed some things and we had step changes and this is just the beginning. So they can do better.
Stephen I. Chazen: Starting with the Midland, there was a small problem that somebody had in Midland early sometime this quarter -- last quarter. And that's really gone away. So I think some of the differences is pretty much gone. So you don't really see that anymore. There was -- somebody had a problem there, I can't remember who. The capital, I've included in the capital additionals for the back half of the year, the additional spending on the acquisitions that came in the first half. And then, there was no production effect from the acquisitions in the second quarter because most of them were done late in the quarter. And there might be 1,000 or 2,000 barrels a day of liquids in the third quarter.
Stephen I. Chazen: I think our capital -- just the acquisition money in the second quarter is like $700 million. It was $1 billion for the back half -- for the first half of the year. Capital was $2.7 billion, but the acquisition was, I think, $700 million or so. Yes, so it was $1 billion for the first 6 months in acquisitions. I got lost in the rest of the question, so if you could repeat it.
Stephen I. Chazen: It's capable of producing 32,000, 33,000. So there was some loss even in the second quarter. So all he's really saying is it's sort of like the second quarter.
Stephen I. Chazen: Definitely #3. It's really a cost issue. I think that the service companies are getting rich as pigs there. And I think until the costs come down and the efficiency improves, we'll continue to focus on the best wells and the most efficient wells and improving our learning curve. We're still, I think, in the learning curve phase. But there's that and then there's the differential issue, which I think could be fixed over time. But I'm in no hurry to put capital there. We're still continuing to put capital there, but not to the level that we were. We're still making 16,000, 17,000 a day there. But it's clearly assets for the future rather than a big driver for today.
Stephen I. Chazen: I actually don't know, 3. I think we have 3 rigs in the steam floods right now, and we'll boost that as the year progresses.
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, maybe someday. But right -- we try to do easy stuff before hard stuff. And so we're focused on what's easy right now. And what's easiest right now is to drill low-cost shale wells in easy places. We've monkeyed with what you've just said and I think we're still on the early phases of thinking about that.
Stephen I. Chazen: It's actually happening now. It's happening now. So you'll see it as -- it will be clear as the year progresses.
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, a lot of that is the Al Hosn gas plant. And so the domestic capital is not probably going to slow down for a little while until I get the pipeline system up and running better. But the Al Hosn stuff, that part of it should start to roll off into the fourth and first quarters. But the drilling portion, the part that is charged, that goes to E&P, will pick up that slack and more into the fourth and first quarter next year. So all you're seeing is -- so I wouldn't be too confused about where this midstream capital is going. A fair amount of it, except for a little bit right now, is going into the Al Hosn project.
Stephen I. Chazen: It is from there. I mean, some of -- the bulk of it is from there. We started, if I remember, 3,000 or 4,000 a day last year, early last year. And we're 17,000 running now. So I mean, somewhere in there, it's there. There's improvement in South Texas and the rest of the Rockies. But I mean, fundamentally, that segment is -- the large increases are Bakken production.
Stephen I. Chazen: Pretty modest. I mean, the profits there will be made off the oil production. And the gas serves as a -- sort of a base to give us a base return, I think, is the way to think about the project. So the gas, since it's our captive gas market, is basically what pays for the thing. And then the upside of the higher returns will come from crude oil prices, oil production.
Stephen I. Chazen: No, there's no. I think the announcement is that we are studying it. We are not committed to the cracker. We are going to build a fractionator, but not -- we are not committed to a cracker.
Stephen I. Chazen: It's probably a more complicated question you probably thought. I don't think we -- you have to go basin by basin. I don't -- we don't know. We'll try to have -- why don't you contact Chris and maybe we can reconstruct that over the next -- yes, we don't have it with us.
Stephen I. Chazen: We tend to contract longer term than somebody else who might go to monthly contracts. Yes, and so we don't -- we're not quite as sensitive to the -- somebody might be drilling 6 wells or something.
Stephen I. Chazen: It's gone through that. And so we're -- like all plants that are designed by engineers, they always -- they never seem to work just exactly right the first day. So -- but we've actually gone through that because we started the process more than a month ago. So right now, I think we're okay.
Sven Del Pozzo: Okay. And your production growth sequentially from the first quarter to the second quarter in the Midcontinent region, which also includes the Bakken, if it's not the Bakken where the production growth is coming from on the oil side, what regions or...
Sven Del Pozzo: Okay, okay. And lastly, view on chemicals, just your announced -- sometime after 2015, announcement of 1.1 billion pound ethylene cracker. I don't know if it's an expansion or a brand-new plant.
Sven Del Pozzo: Okay. And for working capital component of your cash flow in the first 6 months of the year, that would be -- if you'd like to e-mail it to me later, that's fine. If you have it right now, great.
