Stephen Chazen: If we take the two U.S. assets, let's start with the Permian, which in some ways is easiest. I think last year, we gave you a notion of how much additional was recoverable with the CO2 flooding process. The drilling in the smaller opportunities, there's a fair amount of potential there, but it's sort of hard for us to quantify in a meaningful way. We're not going to provide individual well data like some companies do. So I think the potential in the Permian is very sizable. But we did provide last year how much additional CO2 flooding potential we thought there was, and we think that's probably a fairly conservative outlook. We switch to California, as the shale drilling program accelerates this year, it would be fairly obvious, we think, of what the potential there is. We've got I think I said 500 shale locations. We don't think that the description of them is materially different from what we gave you in May, and that is roughly how much is recoverable per well as the initial rates and the costs. So I think we have at least 500. That's a very small percentage of our acreage. So I think the potential there will become pretty obvious as the year progresses, we start getting permits and start getting our production up. The permitting process in California is fairly complicated once we leave the main field areas. So it may take a little longer than I would like, for sure, but I think it will be pretty obvious when you look at production going forward. I think you'll see some pretty decent results as the year progresses.
Stephen Chazen: Almost all the increase is in primary drilling. The numbers we're showing is a percentage, you can multiply the percentage out. Almost all the increase is on primary drilling. The capital in the CO2 program is very modest because almost all capital is just CO2. I mean, these are fields that are just increasing basically their flood size. So the increase is overwhelmingly in what you would describe as primary drilling. We have a lot of acreage available, several in the area. We've acquired some new areas or additional areas next to what we had. I think you'll see a pretty sizable impact of that as the year progresses, but it is overwhelmed, really, by the size of the CO2 flooding opportunity, which is billions of barrels as supposed to hundreds of millions of barrels.
Stephen Chazen: It's hard to say. The variance is built of our demonstrated inability to predict all that well. So somewhere in that range. But I think that run rate adjusted for the price. You got to take out the oil price change. Last year was $175. So you got to adjust the production down for the product price. And so you should look for a run rate in the back half of the year for the company that looks like that. Argentina was 40-some thousand a day, net, or 48,000 or something like that. But we basically replaced that with the other stuff.
Stephen Chazen: I think that's right. Argentina is out of the numbers I've given, but -- and the new acquisitions are in it. And roughly speaking, they're a push, once everybody's -- you got a full quarter. The first quarter's a little noisy. Second quarter may be a little noisy, but by the last two quarters, we should be back in line at that rate.
Stephen Chazen: I think two major factors: one, some of this employee expense got rolled into that; and second -- it's not really operating costs. Second is the mix, the mix is a little gassier.
Stephen Chazen: We're running along pretty well right now. We're tracking the first three weeks of the month, we're right on. We gave you a number here for number of wells drilled. The locations are permitted, and the rigs are in place and the completion crews are in place. Except for a rainstorm or something like that, it's unlikely that there's much downside to this.
Stephen Chazen: No, I think the way you should look at it is that, once you start a development program and you drill a few wells, the rest are pretty much by analogy. You don't get enormous variation on average. So in theory, you could book a lot of PUDs. We tend to be light on PUDs. I think this past year, we're about 25% PUDs as a company. So booking a lot of PUDs is not something we do an enormous amount of. But we do book PUDs because a lot of these are very similar to each other, so a statistical approach gives you a pretty conservative result. We are working on, our costs are coming down as it's repeatability, and the completion techniques are improving, so I'm pretty optimistic that we'll do pretty good. But as far as the booking goes, we'll book on a pretty conservative basis, but we are booking some PUDs.
Stephen Chazen: Well, we'll start with the fact, of course, Argentina, which I said hadn't made money in four years. So without a lot of effort, I can improve returns.
Stephen Chazen: That was a fairly easy thing for us to compute. The only drag on the base I think, the rest of the base ought to be improving. A little higher gas prices, doesn't need a lot. And a more aggressive, California outcomes should generate very high returns on invested capital. And as that accelerates, we should be doing pretty good. Same thing in the Permian. The CO2, remember, CO2 doesn't really cost any additional capital. And so the returns ought to improve there, and that's really a big number. The only downside is we're going to invest the money in the Shah field. And so that investment will show up as investment and no production for four years. So it will be a drag. But I think the rest of it will easily overcome that.
Stephen Chazen: On California, I think that once we get real clarity on the permitting, this thing will accelerate rapidly. There's no reason, except right around the Kern County Discovery Area, why we can't put more rigs to work. We just don't have the permits to drill the wells. And so once we get clarity on that in the back half of the year, it'd be a fairly sizable increase in the rig count. In the Permian, I think, we're doing okay. We may accel -- as the production starts to build and we get more confidence in some of these smaller primary wells, we'll probably build that up by a couple more rigs. So the answer to your question is as the year progresses, if it does what we hope, then the number of rigs will continue to build until we would expect, as we exit this year to be about -- a year from now, to be at a much higher rig rate than we are now. I can't tell you exactly when because California, we're still pretty much constrained by the permitting process.
Stephen Chazen: The 520 is a small percentage of the total that we actually have. If you count our contingent locations and those sorts of things, right now we're triple this or something.
Stephen Chazen: I don't really think of it that way. I think the simplest way to look at it is to say that the exit rate for this year will easily lead to next year's number -- the following year's numbers, the 2012 numbers we've given.
Stephen Chazen: That's right. We may have to redo it a little bit and raise it, but other than that, if you just look at the 2012 guidance, assume the Argentinian and the acquisitions are a wash just for this purpose. When you get through, I think you're -- so your run rate as you enter sort of December next year will lead you to the following year's numbers we've given you.
Stephen Chazen: We'll let Bill answer that way. He was looking at his tables here. I could guess, but we'll let Bill answer it for real.
Stephen Chazen: The cost recovery percentage is 50% of the excess over the base. So let's say it was -- let's say, I think the base is 100.
Stephen Chazen: Or attaching to existing infrastructure. That's part of the process of making sure these are the numbers we can deliver.
Stephen Chazen: That's a more complicated question than you probably want the answer to. It depends. You have to file a permit for your facilities and a permit to drill the well, if you're outside of field. And so it varies based on the air quality board and those sorts of people. It's been running right now significantly longer than historical, but that's probably because we've given them so many more permits to look at. It just depends. It's very, very difficult to give a rule of thumb because it just depends. But you do have, you can think of it as two separate permitting processes, one for the facilities, which would include a tank battery review of this facility.
Stephen Chazen: Bakken is going to be small in the total. We show you I think in the slide there, the small percentage for that. And the rest is -- California, maybe half of California, maybe a little more than half. A lot of the drilling on Elk Hills is shale wells, which is why we've excluded it from this.
Stephen Chazen: Well, right now our tummy is fairly full. So we may -- if there's some tuck-in acquisitions or something like that we can do, but right now, we're focused on delivering this year against our very sizable backlog of activity. I'm not saying we wouldn't buy anything, but it's got to be something that doesn't stretch the organization.
Stephen Chazen: We generally don't provide outlooks for what we think, but, obviously, oil's sitting between $85 and $90. So it's got to be something like that because we're not going to forecast something radically different than that for this year.
Stephen Chazen: We don't. We market our own gas here in California. California gas prices have been strong recently, above NYMEX. I think California gas prices will stay fairly strong.
Stephen Chazen: I don't think it's -- most of the acreage is in parts of the state which are away from the coast and in areas that are basically oil and gas-producing areas. So it's not really a particularly great risk where we operate. If you're talking about the frac fluids and stuff, we don't think that's an issue where we are.
Stephen Chazen: He's answering for our operated interest, not for how many wells we have an interest in. We have interests in almost all the wells in the area from our acreage position, so he's answering for what his operations are going to do. I think we're done now.
Ray Irani: Well, Steve will take over as CEO at the May meeting of this year. I will continue as Executive Chairman, and we do have other people behind Steve. But let's have Steve take over first, and we can also be looking at replacements. We have a bench, but we think we can execute our plans with our current manpower.
Ray Irani: On a positive note, the new Governor of California and his administration really want to focus on accelerating job creation, and they do understand that, as they speed up our permitting program, as well as other things they could do, this could lead to new jobs. So they are focused on trying to be helpful. But as Steve said, it's not something you push a button, it happens. Many of these permits have been applied for already, and others would be continuing to be applied for. But there is an interest in Sacramento to speed up the permitting process. We'll see what happens, but at least the intention is very much by the Governor and his staff to be helpful.
Ray Irani: No, it's just paying attention. Look, you're dealing with the government of the State of California. And I think as the Governor and his people direct speed-up in some of this, I think we'll get some results.
William Albrecht: Yes, we're planning to run about 12 rigs drilling exclusively shale wells. And that's in all of California, not just on Elk Hills proper.
William Albrecht: Well, a lot of these shale completions are acidized as opposed to fracturing, and we're in pretty good shape on our acid.
William Albrecht: Yes, we shouldn't have a large inventory of wells waiting on completion due to a shortage of services.
William Albrecht: One of the things to point to again is increased primary drilling in the Permian. As you know, a big part of our program in the Permian on a primary basis is in the Wolfberry. And you get a lot of associated gas production with those Wolfberry barrels. And you also, in terms of California shales, about 60% of the production on a typical shale well is going to be gas. And those are the two primary areas where we're focusing on in terms of primary development.
William Albrecht: Yes, these are predominantly going to be vertical wells, although we do have a few horizontals tossed in. But predominantly, they're going to be verticals.
William Albrecht: Right now, Pavel, we're running seven rigs in total, and we plan to ramp that to 12 by the end of the year.
William Albrecht: Yes, John, this is Bill. I think things are manageable. I mean we're starting to see a little bit of cost pressure on the workover rig side on the Permian, but that's really the only place that we're seeing any kind of current cost pressure.
William Albrecht: Yes, Joe, we're currently drilling a number of Bone Springs locations, deeper Bone Springs, which, as you know, is just below the Avalon Shale. And we're testing those with horizontals and seeing some pretty encouraging results.
William Albrecht: We also have scheduled to drill several deeper Devonian locations and test those with horizontals as well.
