Stephen Chazen: We're going to cover this really in a lot more detail in the May meeting, but there's a sizable penalty for failure to deliver if, for some reason, they don't deliver. But we currently anticipate that they'll make their early numbers based on what they told us. But there is a sizable penalty which would will allow us to buy new CO2 elsewhere at an attractive net price [ph] (25.23). There's been a lot of detail in May.
Stephen Chazen: Actually what we said in the remarks was we expect that production will exceed sales again in the second quarter. The numbers I gave you are sales numbers, and we expect currently that production would be higher than that. So the answer to your question is, effectively none of the liftings will show up. Traditionally, what happens is that they lag just a little bit and it catches up by the fourth quarter. So it's just off a little bit, it seems like a lot, but it's just off a little bit.
Stephen Chazen: We're not going to talk about the use of cash. I view it as strategic question as opposed to quarterly question, so we'll talk about the use of cash in much more detailed in May. But the first quarter tends to be very strong quarter for cash because there's no tax payments. So more tax payments in the second quarter, so it will be a little different. The $200 million of capital is largely going to California.
Stephen Chazen: It's probably the most difficult number to estimate. We do the best that we can, but the tax department likes to always be a little more aggressive on what they think they're going to -- tax rate's going to be. What I think what happened was lesser liftings out of Qatar and Libya, made the tax rate appear a little lower, because those were high-tax rate areas.
Stephen Chazen: Yes, I think activity clearly has picked up and we're seeing a good flow of mostly Permian opportunities. And we expect to have a pretty good year for acquisitions in Permian.
Stephen Chazen: It's just a flow from quarter-to-quarter, I don't think I'd read much in any of this. A lot of the individual sellers in the Permian as they fear is the rising tax rates, so we've seen a quite a flood of lot of small oil deals that people want to cash out before the tax rates go up.
Stephen Chazen: Its a three-step process. You start with the government, the legislature passing a law, which enables the -- and the parameters of any extension. So there's a law which says these are the parameters of any extension. That's from the provincial legislature. The government of Argentina then negotiates with us about the detailed terms complying with underlying legislation, and that's where we are now. Then they'll have to submit the final contract to the legislature when that's all negotiated. So the answer to your question is we've made progress, although we have not crossed the finish line. That's ten years from when it expires and I think it expires in about three years, so talking about 13 more years of production on average.
Stephen Chazen: That's right. I think we'll tell you the numbers in a few weeks, But clearly, you're going to have a significant amount of reserve bookings just from not cutting the decline curve of loss in three years, and a fairly sizable decline in the DD&A rate in Argentina.
Stephen Chazen: I think the two areas that are the major increases are, when we took the gas down, the amount of gas in the Piansu [ph], using the $4 gas that results in less gas reserves and a higher DD&A rate in the Rockies. And the second area is Argentina. We continue to expand in anticipation the contract being extended, but it hasn't been extended yet, and therefore, you boost your DD&A rate. The second one, once the contract extended, we'll clearly go down. And the first one, we hope goes down of the natural gas prices were to cooperate, which I guess they're not doing today.
Stephen Chazen: No, I really don't. I can't quantify it. It's a sizable number, though. On an after tax basis, you could probably take that number somewhere around $20 a barrel.
Stephen Chazen: And royalty owners, too. Small working interest royalty owners, it's expected to really have a lot of small deals.
Stephen Chazen: Thank you very much for dialing in today. And I'm in New York for any further questions, and we certainly look forward to seeing you in New York at our May 19 meeting. Thanks very much.
