Steve Chazen: Yes, I think one of the transactions is moving on very well. And I think we’ll get to resolution here in the easily foreseeable future. There is the contract extension in Oman which will have to be part and parcel of whatever goes on there because otherwise it expires in 2015. So I think they take a little longer but pretty confident there. The third one is, I think more challenging. And we’ll see what can be done there. But there are some issues that are not related to us that I hope work their way out but I think that’s probably into next year.Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I’ll let someone else jump. Thanks very much.
Steve Chazen: I think there is two parts there. We have some new contracts in Colombia for heavy oil which I think we’re pretty enthused about. And I think those are pretty much there. So, I think those will be – they’re away from some of the areas where we’ve had political difficulties I want to call them that. So, I think those are I think in pretty good shape. And then, obviously we’re principally, one of the principal objectives of the program is either large scale reductions in areas where there is no growth or smaller reductions in areas where there is growth and a partnership with the local government. So, I think some of the growth will come out of the partnership with the local government in those areas where there is potential for that.
Steve Chazen: There is, also productivity gains from this too. So, I think we’re – we’ve saved – we saved about 10% from last year’s cost already. That’s not driven primarily by reducing the day rate but by drilling more wells per day essentially. So I think with the productivity gains should more than offset whatever modest inflation there is in the cost.
Steve Chazen: I think we’ve said that – reiterated this morning that we’re still looking at options for the Piceance in the Williston Basin, might be a little more activity in one of those, we don’t know yet. And we also said that buried in the comments was if we can get the right arrangement, perhaps some of the Midstream assets where we retain the contract so we can continue to move our crude and get the margins from the trading but perhaps dispose of the underlying asset. And let somebody else take the tariff.
Steve Chazen: I mean, maybe a little focus than some other people. I think we focus on our sort of our finding cost sort of calculation rather than the IP calculation. So, from our perspective in order to lengthen the laterals may cost us more money. You might get more IP but maybe at a cost of a higher finding cost. We’re just – it’s not the way we think about things. Some small producer may be more interested in IT.
Steve Chazen: We’re a little pickier and maybe we have better acreage to some other people who are doing a fair amount, they get gassier results.
Steve Chazen: You can see that our oil is rising and our gas isn’t if you just looked at the numbers we’ve given you. So, we’re basically a little pickier than some other people who are maybe that’s all I got, so they’re drilling gassier wells.
Steve Chazen: We think on the production numbers we’ve given, we have considerable upside just with the drilling we’re showing. But putting that aside, it’s a return based business. And we’ve just assumed, learned lot of people make mistakes and learned from them before we expand our footprint. But there is, also other logistical issues in the basin. And yes, we want to make sure that we have takeaway capacity for the oil, and more concerned frankly about takeaway capacity for gas. You’re not going to be able to flare the gas. And the gas production, the base is likely to grow sharply in the next year or two as people drill these gassier wells. And so you could wind up with a bad situation. So, one of our major focus is just to make sure that we have gas takeaway capacity so that we don’t drill wells we have to have shut in, because clearly you’re not going to be able to flare.
Steve Chazen: Yes. If I look at the list of mistakes I’ve made over the last 20 years, the mistake I’ve made most is investing anything into Permian Basin. And because there is so many horizons, there are so much layer, there is so much oil available to the system. So we didn’t divest that much but I regret every acre. So I think that while I’m here we’re not going to be divesting anything. I do think that – I think the program that Vicki has outlined is sort of the minimum program that’s what we think we could achieve over the next couple of years without wasting money. As we get better at this and the basin matures there will be more opportunities because we’re sort of everywhere. I think that – I think we could accelerate the program further. This is what we’re talking about right now. As the basin matures, we find more stuff to do. The results maybe turn out a little better. I think we’ll go ahead. I am concerned about infrastructure constraints over the next two or three years. While we have, as Willie pointed out, lots of oil takeaway capacity, lot better positioned than most people I think. And so, I think we’re in pretty good shape for that. And we do control the gathering system so we can gather our own stuff. I’m little concerned about gas and so we’re probably going to take steps to make the gas more certain. I think that’s probably more my deeding concern is that the crowding in the business, I’m not really worried about cost because I think productivity improvements are more lost at the cost.
Steve Chazen: And so we haven’t counted the shares and the exchange. So we’re simply, our – we got our modelers out and so they divide $6 billion by $100 mop it to 60 million shares. We didn’t pay a lot for that advice.
Steve Chazen: No, it’s actually just so you understand the shares the 19.9% shares that we own. Our options are sort of limited because it’s part of a tactual link. So, if we exchange it for Oxy shares, now it was – ad in the paper it says, anybody who wants to can get CRC shares and they give us back Oxy-shares for it, okay. We can do that without paying any tax. In theory, if we had that kind of debt around we could exchange it for debt, but there isn’t that kind of munch there around to do that. If we do anything – the third alternative would be simply distributed the shares to the shareholders if we couldn’t do that – that also would be tax free. If we sold it for money, we would have to pay tax on it. So, our preference would be to do the exchange offer. So basically, it’s a split off of the 19.9% in terms. So I think those are – so what we did was we sort of guessed it how much it might, we haven’t included that number in our 60 million shares. But there would be some number of shares that we’ll exchange the CRC shares for Oxy shares and we do that without paying any tax.
Steve Chazen: Actually the Permian acquisition scale is now – you have to speak to the next round of management about that. But I sure wouldn’t do that. The prices are ridiculous far above what we traded six or seven times wherever we want to say the cash flow. And the acquisitions are very dilutive and I can’t imagine doing one. I suppose if there is a collapse in oil price or something like that that would be a different story. But actually a huge reduction in the public market values for these companies, I can’t even imagine doing one, I don’t imagine that hopefully my successors are well trained enough not to do anything stupid too.
Steve Chazen: No, hopefully it won’t be a stupid process I think that’s what you’re blind I guess another word for stupid.
Steve Chazen: There is a fair value we believe in. And we’ll do what we – yes, we’re going to buy back the shares ultimately but it also depends on the price. We would expect that during the process of divesting of California company, the stock will during the confusion will trade at the Oxy stock will trade at some what we would view as discounted value. And we would expect that a – we could buy a lot of shares during that period. And we’re pleased to be wrong but that would be a reasonable expectation during that period.
Steve Chazen: More but not materially more I think is the answer. Could you put another $1 billion to work, yes, could you put $2 billion to work, maybe, could you put $3 billion to work, no. I think we got a plan that we can execute efficiently, we could probably do a little better as things progress. So I think the answer is yes, we could do that but not for very long.
Steve Chazen: Yes, I think that you just have to split the revenue streams that come out of us into two. One is the Terra streams and those are once you build the pipeline they’re sort of not very interesting. And the other is sort of the trading or stream’s ability to move the oil at different spots. We would just assume to retain the contracted volume streams and ultimately dispose of the Terra streams if you will. So, I think as far as building another line, I think we got plenty for us, we’re three times what we currently produce. So we got plenty for us. We’ll see how it goes. Again, I’m focused about putting the Midstream money right now in the movement gas to make sure that’s not an issue. When you run an MLP or any kind of Midstream business you’re thinking about $1 or $0.50 a barrel. When we look at a barrel of oil, we’re thinking about $100. And so our view is, we need to make sure that our $100 oil gets moved. And worry a little less about the $0.50 fee. So, we’re focused on making sure that the – by building this stuff out, we made it better for everybody in the Basin. And then, on the gas we expect to do the same thing.
Steve Chazen: It’s a complicated number to put it mildly. First of all, the king of this royalty stuff is in the California business, so you probably can ask them about it when they show up. But putting that aside, we – there is, royalties let’s say under one of our EOR fields that we own the royalty interest there or a large piece of the royalty interest. So, if we were to dispose that in some way, that would hurt our finding costs and our margins would shrink, our present worth would shrink, that may not make in that – and our reserves will go down because you’re economic limit is reached sooner. On the other hand, we have a fair amount of production where we just get checks from third parties. And we don’t really know the number at this point, I mean, it’s not – they’re counting the checks I think they try to figure it out. But for the – excluding California, the royalty income is somewhere in the range of $300 million a year and to find some way. We just have to go through it and figure it out. I think where it doesn’t affect our ability to manage our base business because our royalties are scattered in a number of places, somebody like the basis team times cash flow. I think we’re game. On the other hand, where it affects our base business, we just don’t keep it because I think it will hurt us in our finding cost going forward.
Steve Chazen: Well, I mean, it doesn’t – if somebody would give you MLP multiple and all cash, I think that’s for us probably a better option. On the other hand, if you can’t do it that way and we get some other way, I think we can do an MLP.
Vicki Hollub: We’re definitely going to be able to get up to at least 54 rigs and by 2016. That’s – but our current plan is to go to 45, however we can – we have the options in place to go to 54. So that’s not really at risk for us right now. We know we can achieve it on the drilling rig side. And the reason we have that range there, we’ve got 47 in our plan for 2016 and the reason on the slide that the seven additional are grade. We have the option to get them. So we know we can. What we’ll be doing between now and 2016 is trying to ensure that all the rest of the support services in the Permian area available and that we can secure that to get to the 54. We feel like we’ve already secured the services – support services outside the drilling rig that can support 47, it’s just a matter of can we get to the 54 and we’re working on that plan now. Surface cost, we’re still trying to manage that cost in the basin are going up as demand increases. But we’re trying to leverage our size to minimize the increases that we’re seeing.
Vicki Hollub: Currently in the Delaware Basin, we’re drilling lateral lengths of between 3,300 and 4,200 feet. What we’re doing right now is some modeling with respect to the optimum lateral lengths in the basin. As you know, the Wolfcamp productivity in the Texas Delaware is much better than in the Midland Basin. And thus far we’re seeing some good productivity from the lateral lengths that we’re drilling. We haven’t really drilled much yet over 4,200 feet to the challenges there as I said, at what point have you drilled so much that you start destroying value in terms of the just the friction effects of the longer laterals. And the other thing is that you have the challenges of the acreage positions with respect to ensuring that you’ve setup your opportunities to go with longer laterals. But currently, we’re seeing that probably it’s more likely to meet the longer laterals in the Midland Basin rather than in the Texas Delaware. However with that said we are trying a lot of things. We haven’t gotten to that point yet. We’re trying to minimize the variations that we have per stage of evaluation to ensure that we understand what impact each thing that we change is having on our productivity.
Vicki Hollub: We’re seeing a little bit of variation but typically we’re seeing anywhere from 72% to 80% oil in the Texas Delaware. And in most cases, we’re seeing above 75%.
Vicki Hollub: I don’t see us having more than about 6 or 7 vertical rigs at any given time in the future. So the bulk of the 47 to 54 that we’ll have only, I would expect only about 6 or 7 of those to be vertical.
Vicki Hollub: Yes, let me say that 7,000 is based on the appraisal work and the evaluations that we have done to date. We fully expect that 7,000 to grow. As you know, we have a huge acreage position. And what we’re trying to do is go to our initial step of exploration and then appraisal before we’re adding, and some appraisal work has to be done before we add locations to our current inventory. So, I’m almost thinking with what we’re seeing, I wouldn’t be surprised to see that, our inventory increases by the amount of wells that we drill. So I expect that inventory to grow fairly significantly over the next couple of years. And I expect it to grow mostly in the Texas Delaware, Southeast New Mexico, although we still haven’t done a lot with some of the areas within the Midland Basin. What we’re trying to do is stay very focused on limiting our focus area so that we can make sure that we accelerate efficiently. And then we’re also limiting our appraisal areas too to make sure that we go in, we get our appraisal work done and then we transition to development mode. So, some appraisal work, there are some areas where we haven’t even begun our appraisal work.
Vicki Hollub: Because of the early stage that we’re in and with respect to our drilling, we’re not doing a lot of pad drilling at this point. But the pad drilling will come, it’s already built into the development plan. What we’re doing is appraisal work and we expect to be very heavily independent drilling in 2015.
Vicki Hollub: And as you know, we do a lot of pad drilling elsewhere so it’s not like we’re opposed to it. But we’re in the process of drilling the appraisal parts of some of these programs. And we will definitely go to not only pad drilling but manufacturing mode once we get beyond the appraisal stages.
Vicki Hollub: We’re adding people. We’re ramping up and we are going to have to add a few more people to our Permian resources and exploitation teams and our field execution teams. But so far we’ve been able to add the people that we need as we progress.
