Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Rob. As we said during our March investor update, achieving our net zero ambitions will require funding outside of Oxy's historical capital allocation program. As the construction phase and technology of our first stack project advances, we will continue to consider strategic capital partnerships and structures to address financing. While we are prepared to fund the first stack plant ourselves, if necessary, we are working to derisk the construction phase and commercialize the technology to attract financing structures that will retain the most value for our shareholders. Finally, we understand that there's a high level of interest in our 2023 capital and activity plans, which we will communicate on our next call once our plans are finalized and approved by the Board. As we formulate our plans for 2023, we will focus on retaining a high degree of flexibility in our capital and spending plans, allowing us to adapt and maximize opportunities in a changing macro environment as we do each year. Before we go to our Q&A, I'd like to thank Jeff Alvarez for his leadership with our Investor Relations. I'm sure you would all agree, he's done a tremendous job to not only share our story and to help you all understand our strategy and results, he's also provided critical support to our leadership team. We appreciate what Jeff has done with Investor Relations and what he will do for us in his new role that he's recently accepted. That role is to become President and General Manager of [ Sequest ]. In this role, Jeff will lead the efforts to build our CO2 sequestration business. As you've heard in my script, this is a growing and important part of our low-carbon strategy. Jeff's 30 years of engineering and leadership experience working in domestic and Middle East operations and his proven track record of creating value will be needed for this emerging business. I'm happy to announce that Neil Backhouse will replace Jeff as Vice President of Investor Relations, reporting to Rob. And you all know, Neil, in addition to Investor Relations, his diverse expertise includes experience in treasury, finance and banking. Prior to joining Oxy, Neil worked as a corporate banker focused on oil and gas clients for 2 high-profile international banks. He holds BS from Colorado State University, a post graduate degree of Financial Services and a master's degree in International Business, both from the University of Manchester. I give tremendous thanks to Jeff Alvarez for his highly favorable contributions he's made to the finance organization, and please join me in extending your support to Neil and wishing him success as he transitions to his new role. We'll now open the call for your questions. 
Vicki Hollub: The challenge with that, Doug, is that we really don't know what 2023 is going to look like from an inflation standpoint. And we can talk a little bit later about what we expect the inflation to be if people are interested in that. But the way you should think about our capital, all we can tell you is kind of what we see from an activity standpoint.  And that would be and we've mentioned before that we're not going to try to grow our oil and gas production from 2022 to 2023. We're going to hold that flat. We've -- for the past couple of years, there have been a couple of business units where we weren't at their sustaining capital. So we're going to return to the sustaining capital of Permian EOR and the Gulf of Mexico. And I think you've heard that number for Gulf of Mexico before is around $500 million. And that means $500 million on an annual basis. And for EOR, it's $400 million on an annual basis at least, it could be closer to $450 million. So those are 2 assets that will need to increase more in 2023.  In addition, you will see higher than sustaining capital with a couple of projects that we find very interesting for next year, one being a membrane conversion project at the Battleground plant, because, as you know, we talked about it last quarter, it increases the capacity of Battleground by 80% and delivers about $250 million to $350 million incremental EBITDA, while generating a strong return, and we have the expansion of Al Hosn to 1.45 in 2023. So adding those projects also will impact our sustaining capital to some degree on a go-forward basis. But both of those projects generate pretty good returns. But if you add the final thing, the inflation part of it, that's where for us, it gets very murky, because we're really not sure what inflation is going to be next year. And not knowing that, it's really hard to now give out what a sustaining capital would be until we get closer to that. 
Vicki Hollub: It's mostly around creating shareholder value and doing it in a way that ensures that it's sustainable over time. And part of our value proposition is to provide a growing dividend, which we, as you know, had the impact, and we're trying to now resume.  So what we really want to do is make the best decisions around how to allocate capital. We don't feel like we necessarily need to grow cash flow at this point, because we have significant cash flow at almost all price ranges. We're breakeven below $40. So currently, the way that we see to increase shareholder value the most and in a sure way that's sustainable and it also enables us to grow the dividend is to buy back shares in addition to enabling us to grow the dividend over time, but we do believe that at this point, we're significantly undervalued. So that's the best value decision and the best use of our capital dollars there. 
Vicki Hollub: Well, we'll finish the $3 billion for this year and then any cash that's left available this year will go to further debt reduction. Starting next year is when we'll be significant -- have significantly more capital available to buy back shares. So essentially, any free cash flow that's available next year will be allocated mostly to share buybacks.  And we really want people to understand that this is not something that we're doing on a temporary basis. We do believe that share buybacks where we are today and where our capital needs are and our cash flow potential, share buybacks is a part of our value proposition as is a growing dividend. And the two work so well together as a combined value proposition. So that's what we're essentially trying to do.  We will occasionally, in the near term, do some projects that are not oil and gas but do increase value. So we are increasing value in cash flow and earnings with the membrane development at Battleground and also with Al Hosn expansion. So when we see projects that are kind of opportunistic, we'll take advantage of that to increase cash flow, but we think the better value is to buy back shares and increase shareholder value that way. 
Vicki Hollub: So the plant will be operational in 2024 and then the ability to claim the CDRs would be available at that time. 
Vicki Hollub: And as a reminder, what we said in the past that we do have a contract for 100,000 tons per year of CDRs from that first plant. 
Vicki Hollub: And I would just add to that, that we have quite a bit of interest in partnerships and even people investing in the project itself or directly in our Low Carbon business. So there's no lack of interest. There's -- for us, it's a matter of choosing the right partners as we begin this process. And really, it's just about, as Richard said, starting the process, making the technology better and less expensive over time, improving it up, that's when we'll have even more options about how to finance. 
Vicki Hollub: And I would add that my view is that the world cannot afford a climate transition without -- by cutting out completely oil and gas production. Oil production is going to be needed from decades -- for decades to come and using CO2 in enhanced oil recovery is a way to produce a net zero emission oil. And to have that as the fuel source, it's low cost, lower cost than other options, it would help with the transition, it would help to fund the transition. So I think that oil is needed for us, for our company, in particular, we have 2 billion barrels of resources available for further development in our enhanced oil recovery assets.  And we'd like to use either anthropogenic or atmospheric CO2 for the -- to develop those resources. In addition, we do know that we can technically use CO2 in the shale reservoir, so we can increase the 10% recovery that we have today to something much higher than that.  So it's -- there is a use for CO2 in enhanced oil recovery. It's not as well recognized yet. But when the world realizes how much the transition will cost, I do believe that this will become the preferred option to ensure that we can continue the production of low-carbon fuel for those that need it. 
Vicki Hollub: No, we were thinking that probably it would be year-over-year. And I'm not saying that there wouldn't be some growth. We don't intend to grow it. If growth is an outcome, and it would probably be somewhere in the neighborhood of 1% or less. So it's not our intention to grow it. But if we have more wells like Richard just talked about, there will be growth from our assets, but it's not our desire to grow it in 3% to 5%. It's not -- the growth is not the target. It's to develop the best wells in the best possible ways. And if that delivers growth than that's good. 
Vicki Hollub: I would just like to thank you all for your participation today, and thanks again to Jeff as he makes this his final call. So thank you. 
Richard Jackson: Thanks, Doug. This is Richard. I'll try to answer that and kind of start, like you said, with the well performance and then translate that into the inventory, which we wanted to bring back up. I think in total, this year has been a good year. I think we noted in prepared remarks, the growth trajectory of near 100,000 barrels a day from Q1 to Q4 and certainly, the second half of this year has been pronounced. But the best part of that has been the well performance.  And so both from a total year basis, that represents 200 wells in the Delaware that's really been drilled across our acreage from North Loving up into New Mexico into the multiple development areas there. And then even the third quarter results that we showed, that was across, I think, around 45 wells across Southeast New Mexico and Loving.  And so I say that -- really to say that the consistency we do believe is becoming the new normal as we continue to improve. And I think the Python well is exciting to disclose, but it's really, what's interesting about that is that entire North Loving development area has been consistently good. And even that DSU, where we had that record well, it had offset wells that had been drilled in a similar formation. And so being able to come back where we can develop a DSU with offsets that are child wells, if you like, and be able to have this sort of record performance, I think, is a real testament to the way we do our sort of subsurface development. From an inventory perspective, I mean, I think the slide speaks for itself, we've got a lot of inventory that we've accumulated across a good acreage position. The only thing I would add to that is, we continue to have strong, what we would consider, secondary bench. They're not really secondary, because some of these are performing as well as the primary.  So I'd point you to some Second Bone Spring in the Delaware Basin and then even the Barnett appraisal that we noted in the highlight. Both of those have moved themselves up to really top tier in our development plans. We have optionality in terms of when we develop that and co-develop it, but it's good to see those secondary benches add to that inventory. 
Richard Jackson: Yes, maybe just a few things. I kind of -- I think what Vicki says is exactly the way we're thinking about it, important to derisk what we can control, which is really innovation and cost. And so we have our innovation center that we continue to progress. Obviously, getting started on these projects, especially if we have line of sight to multiple projects, will help our costs down as we improve our engineering and/or construction. And so that will be important.  The pace of development, very supported by the policy, really gives us an accelerate. I think we're well positioned for some DOE grants that we talked about, I think, with you in the past. So when you think about near-term capitalization, those are options.  Longer term, we want to get the cost in the market in place to really support the sustainable business. And at that point, capitalization options are wide open. And so that's sort of how we have thought about that, but very focused on getting really the cost down. On this first plant, really advancing the innovation pathway that we see to really move this development forward. 
Richard Jackson: And maybe I'll just add to that. I mean, in addition, obviously, 45Q in addition to the offtake with the carbon dioxide removals, which are sold to businesses that are looking to reduce their emissions, but also, as I mentioned briefly, well positioned for some potential grant for direct air capture that is available from that Infrastructure Act. So we want to put a competitive program together and show how those can really catalyze our business, which will allow us to reach commerciality quicker, and then we'll become self-sustaining as a business to go forward. 
Richard Jackson: Yes. Perfect. I want to quickly just frame the market a little bit. I think what's happening as this market takes shape, carbon dioxide removals, which are uniquely capable to reduce atmospheric CO2, are becoming very appreciated. And so being able to have an engineered solution like direct air capture that monitors the capture of that atmospheric CO2 and then places it safely and securely underground, that's a unique part of this evolving carbon reduction market. And so I want to say that first.  Our position in that is really to be large-scale and we think we can be competitive on cost. When you look at all the alternatives to reduce emissions, we think we could be quite competitive given those 2 things. And so while we're not in a position to disclose some of the contracts that we've been working around that, there are some that get publicized. Those are generally smaller volumes and higher costs than what we show on our revenue slide.  But we think -- in the way this works from a revenue standpoint, in addition to the 45Q or a policy like that, that gives you support on revenue, we're able to then attach the environmental attribute, which is the carbon removal on top of that, which gives you a total revenue against the cost that we showed in that slide.  And so we're pleased with the market acceptance. We're working with some great partners that realize this is a very cost-effective way for many industries and many businesses to reduce their emissions as we look out over the next 10 to 20 years. 
Richard Jackson: I can start, and then Vicki can add any context that she needs to. But I think that rough number is about right in terms of where our activity is. We made note of the rig that we picked up in the Rockies. I think the success that we've had with our permitting have given us a strong runway on those very competitive projects in our portfolio. We also have a rig that we picked up in the second half of this year and enhanced oil recovery, which is a great add to our business as we had low decline production to kind of add to the mix. So those are the 2 I would point to.  We do have flexibility in the program. We have staggered terms in terms of contracts, so we can adjust to the macro where Oxy needs us to. We can adjust with flexibility. And then the final 2 variables I'd give you is obviously working interest. We fluctuate between 90% to even 50%, 60% in terms of working interest in a business like the Delaware. And so where we have rigs and frac core, sometimes that can look a little lumpy from a capital perspective, but it's simply working interest. And the same could be said really for OBO.  And maybe the last thing to note is just our JV. So we're able to extend our EcoPetrol JV into the Delaware, which is a great opportunity for us to accelerate this high-quality inventory, brings a great partner along with us. And so that is another lever that will not be transparent when you're just trying to look at activity versus capital. 
Richard Jackson: Yes. What's great about them is they're certainly in a very rich geologic area for us, but that area in total is North Loving. And for those of you who know that our position in sort of the Texas Delaware, that's quite a large acreage position. And so near some of the Silvertip wells, which had some of the records in the past, but in the near term, we have 2 or 3 DSUs that will be coming online over the next couple of quarters.  But in total, that's a large acreage position that we've picked up, and just excited about prosecuting that. Again, not to challenge our team too hard, but we do continue to find ways to improve. And so whether it's the primary benches like the Wolfcamp Y, which as well was in our secondary in the Bone Spring, I'm looking forward to seeing what our teams can do. 
Richard Jackson: Yes. Let me start. Really excited about the King Ranch and thanks to the King Ranch for working with us on really a different way of looking at a great asset. Really, the unique things for us in that position, it's obviously a very large contiguous acreage position.  So that's -- like oil and gas, that contiguous position allows us to be very smart with the way that we develop, but really, the uniqueness, great geology in South Texas, lots of pore space per acreage position, access to water being on the Gulf Coast with our aqueous fluid design for direct air capture, the ability to grow zero emission power to support this larger build-out of direct air capture. And then proximity to point source emissions.  One of the things we talk about, while this is a great place to capture and build direct air capture, proximity to the Gulf Coast to be able to also think about point source submissions and bring that gives us some economies of scale to share that cost. So advantages versus the Permian, they're just different. I think Permian has the proximity to our CO2 infrastructure, has the ability to both do sequestration and net zero oil to enhanced oil recovery process. And so depending on where the customer's preferences are for sequestration or net zero oil, we have the ability to do both.  And I think on that point, we get asked a lot, how do we think about that? And I think our ability is they both reduce emissions. As you think about net zero oil or CDRs, you're lowering the atmospheric CO2 and so start there. But the other thing is the ability to grow a market for both allows us to deploy more of this technology and bring the cost down, making it very competitive when you look at other cost -- of cost abatement for emissions.  So that's how we think about it. I think, again, pace, I would point you back in terms of how we should think about incremental capital. That will be a function of getting our costs down and improving innovation, how fast the CDR market grows and we anticipate it will and actually value will over the next 10 years. And then in the early time, support from something like the DOE grant could really help catalyze and allow us to move more in parallel. And then again, once we get a sustainable commercial business, capitalization options are wide open. 
Richard Jackson: I think I can start. I think the markets are evolving. Again, I think our view is that both products, whether that be net zero oil or sequestration or valuable products of the future. And so when you look at that orb it's hard to determine exactly where that's going to land. The good news is we think it's commercial for both. And certainly, when you take into account our ability to produce a low decline, now very low carbon barrel of oil, that's a tremendous potential market for the future. And so I think we'll let the markets determine where we go. The good news is we've got options for both. And again, the challenge is we want to deploy this technology to get the cost down. And so were commerciality is supported, this will allow us to do it across both products. 
