Stephen Chazen: Yes, we've reduced the amount of their exposure and reduced the bar, if you will, in hopes of reducing the volatility. Some of that was -- he buys long-term contracts and some of it's simply just mark-to-market, but some of it was realized to -- you can't say that his trading results in the quarter were anything but lousy.
Stephen Chazen: We haven't said because we haven't signed it, completed the deals. But there's some current production -- if I fair lease, compared to the whole business, not a sizable amount. But certainly, in the Permian, a fair size amount.
Stephen Chazen: We have a modest position in the Marcellus, which we had for a while. And compared to the size of the Enterprise, fairly small, and it's out of the way some and we're basically on the edges of the play. And we'll just see how it evolves over time, but compared to the size of the Enterprise, fairly small, a fairly small total I would expect. We'll see how the drilling progresses over the next year or so, there to see what we want to do.
Stephen Chazen: Some of the adjustments in the production sharing contracts are result of not quite spending in quite as quickly and therefore, not putting into cost recovery as quick and that's at least some of it. The bulk of it was that they really didn't get at -- I'm not talking about foreign -- didn't get at the drilling in the second quarter at the pace that we had planned. And so it's a little more back-end loaded, so the wells come on pretty quickly. So some of it was related to production sharing contract capital effects and some of it was related to domestically not getting a drilling done as quickly as one might have hoped.
Stephen Chazen: I'm always concerned. You shouldn't view that we're not concerned, but I think ultimately, is the work itself out is a matter of timing and I think a little more focus on short-term results are needed.
Stephen Chazen: Yes, we'll provide aggregate numbers after the things are closed. And I haven't talk about each acquisition because these are private individuals, and these aren't public companies selling or something like that. These are private individuals who just may not want their neighbors to know they're rich. So I think we'll provide aggregate numbers rather than what each one did. But the mix is, if you look at them in aggregate and compare to some of the announced deals, these are more reasonably priced.
Stephen Chazen: They look like the deals that have been announced recently in the mix of around half gas, around a quarter NGLs, which are related to the gas and around a quarter of oil.
Stephen Chazen: No, we're shooting for the high potential ones, but sometimes when you drill them, they turn out to be a lot smaller. So the plan is that they're high potential but how they turn out we'll see as the year progresses. If we find something sizable, we'll tell you about it.
Stephen Chazen: If you give us two or three years, yes. But buying production, upfront production, is generally the most expensive way to acquire because it sort of easy to measure. So we try to buy some production, but we also try to buy drilling potential because the returns are a lot better. Now if you pay 10 times current EBITDA for something, the way some people have, it's very hard to make the numbers work. The returns have to come from the development drilling or wherever you want. So the assets here are a mix of some current production, but a fairly sizable backlog of future drilling which will add to the numbers.
Stephen Chazen: It's essentially a long-only book. As far as -- he didn't shorten anything. But initially in the beginning of the second quarter, he had some -- he used a past basket of stocks and ETF or something like that to track oil prices. And for obvious reasons, the stocks didn't track the oil prices too well, for the stocks that were in the ETF some kind of accident somewhere. And so he sort of backed out of that. But the book is -- our net investments is somewhere or under $200 million at this point. The management there owns a tracking instrument in this, so relative to his net worth, even though it's relatively sizable, he is feeling the pain disproportionately.
Stephen Chazen: We're expecting to go up from the third to the second. Some of the things are already sort of worked out as we go into this month. But I'm loathe to predict though the exact number because the old gas plant that work real good for a couple hours and then it won't work so good. And we've had a lot of problem getting it to work the way we would like it to.
Stephen Chazen: Well, we hope that they're an extension, but they could be separate. It looks like they're separate, but one can hope that it just makes the whole. I think they're -- you could call them either exploration or exploitation depending on your choice of words.
Stephen Chazen: Some of it's a production sharing contract where we put a new -- we got a new deal starting this year, so some of it's production sharing contract. But some of it is the Caño Limón field, which is in probably its last decade or so.
Stephen Chazen: We actually didn't because when I estimated the guidance, I started with a different number that I gave you, I started with essentially a higher number. So I can't really tell you how much was this and how much is that. I think for the PSC effects, we lost 8,000 to 10,000 BOE a day.
Stephen Chazen: No, the California one are pretty small. These are really not caused by the price as much as just a contract -- a re-calculation of our cost pools.
Stephen Chazen: We're planning that the infrastructure is going to be fixed, and therefore, the drilling will move forward.
Stephen Chazen: No. The hope is and the belief is that, that won't happen; that the infrastructure will be fixed but it's possibly we have to shut in production for short periods of time and that's where we are now effectively.
Stephen Chazen: The company's always followed a balance approach. You buy stuff when you can buy it at a reasonable price, and when you can't, you can't. So we have plenty of financial flexibility. But most of the growth will come from organically over the next few years. You might pick up something, but it's pretty hard to tell.
Stephen Chazen: We're focused on generating value for the shareholders. If you do a dilutive to value deal, you're going to destroy value. And somebody else may have different stock with different kinds of value in it. So if you pay 10x EBITDA for production, you have a high hurdle to generate future growth in order to pay for that kind of acquisition. If you pay 50% more than the next guy is willing to pay for some asset, you probably have an added value to the company unless you have some special insight. So we look for opportunities where there's some reason why we can have a competitive advantage. Some of it we have in the Permian because of the cost and such. But the purpose of the exercise in an acquisition is to make the company better, not worse. So we're not trying to dumb down the company. We're trying to strengthen the business.
Stephen Chazen: That's right. Sometimes it works the other way where the large deals are better, and sometimes it works the other way. For example, in the ARCO Permian assets, we bought out of ARCO Permian over the last seven or eight years two packages out of there, basically, buying out virtually all of the true oil out of the packages. So what's left is sort of the residual after it's been picked over. Nothing wrong with properties, but the price paid was the full price.
Stephen Chazen: Efficiently spending our capital. Remember that while we're pretty oily, that there's a fairly sizable gas component, whatever it is, $4 and change, we would hope that the price of gas would be less stable and more up.
Stephen Chazen: I think generally, we're looking for natural fractures that are there, and we're trying to define a technique to figure it out before we drill the well. And sometimes it works okay and some times it doesn't. It's a fundamental truth that the natural frac-ing process got us cheaper than Halliburton. And so our natural frac -- we're looking for the flow from natural fractures, and we're kind of figuring out what the amount of acreage we have. We should have plenty of opportunities to find that rather than spending a boat load of money to do a high -- a large scale frac. We'll probably try some large-scale front because there's a lot of pay here, but the goal in the unconventional is to find areas with natural fracturing so it's more economical to produce. We'll always come back and try something more exotic later.
Stephen Chazen: We're looking for things around the fields that have been flexed, cleverly figuring if the flexed or there might be some fracturing.
William Albrecht: David, we have two horizontals planned in and around the Kern County discovery area, have those planned to be drilled and down before the end of the year, testing some of the tighter parts of that particular structure.
William Albrecht: Yes, Arjun, it's going just fine. We're continuing to drill bread-and-butter oil wells in the discovery area. These are generally shallower shales, and those wells are anywhere from 200 to 300 barrel a day kind of wells on average.
William Albrecht: Yes, John. We got two rigs running, drilling mainly these higher rate of return oil opportunities as opposed to the traditional shallow gas that you generally seen in the past in the Hugoton. But we've got a two-rig program going there, and we expect to continue that throughout the rest of this year.
