Vicki Hollub: I'll let Richard cover the changes in the CapEx, and then I'll follow up with the additional part of that question. 
Vicki Hollub: I would say, on capital for 2023, it's still way too early for us to determine what that would be. But the EcoPetrol JV would fit into the resources allocation, and we'll compete with the capital within that program. 
Vicki Hollub: Currently, under the agreement that we signed, we're still -- we'll be producing basically oil production with associated gas. And primarily from the fields, we've already been developing just expanding those out. So I'd say that from the standpoint of our production outlook currently, it's going to be -- look a little bit lower next year than it looks this year because of the structure of the contract. But our cash flow is going to be approximately the same. So it's just based on the terms. And we have a lot of potential, we believe, in the existing fields to continue to develop those out. So the remaining reserves that we'll be able to add as a result of just the contract extension will be about 100 million barrels.  Other than that, there's a lot of potential for further evaluation. So we've included the 3D seismic survey as a part of the evaluation, so that we can start to better increase our recoveries from those conventional sales because they're all relatively low decline and supported with gas injection and potentially ultimately some CO2 injection.  Gas is not a part of what we're developing over there yet, but could be in the future, should there be an opportunity for us to find it commercially competitive with the other projects that we have internally. 
Vicki Hollub: Devin, I'll start, and then pass it over to Richard. And while we're on the Inflation Reduction Act, I just want to cover a little bit more about what's in there. There's a lot of things in there, ranges from alternative fuels to renewable energy, EVs, hydrogen, methane, emission reduction and carbon capture use and sequestration. But some of the things that impact us are the -- on federal land, oil and gas royalty rates increasing, increased minimum bid rates for leases, increases in annual rental rates, but not excessively, and increasing bond requirements, also offshore royalty rate increases. And one of the good things is that it does require oil and gas lease sales ahead of granting right of ways to wind and solar. It requires royalties in oil and gas produced, whatever it's used for, unless it's played for safety reasons or used for the benefit of the lease.  But one of the interesting things about the act is that it reinstates the Lease Sale 257 from the Gulf of Mexico, in which we had gotten some key leases. And so that's really important for us as a company. The other thing is that it requires the resumption of the scheduled lease sales for the GoM from 2017 to 2022.  And with respect to carbon capture, which is probably the most impactful to us, is there are a lot of things around the enhancement to 45Q. And when you look at the Gulf of Mexico benefit to us and you look at the requirements for the methane emissions and emission reductions and that sort of thing, which are things we already were doing, this is turning into for us a net very positive bill should it get passed.  So I'll turn it over to Richard, so he can give you a little more color on what the CCUS enhancements are. 
Vicki Hollub: And just to conclude on that, I'd say that the federal leasing, onshore, offshore, the methane emission reductions in carbon capture, while we talked about what it does for Oxy, this is very good for our industry. Lots of companies will benefit from this. It will provide jobs and it will help the country meet the goals that the President has set out for emission reduction. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. We had originally assumed $250 million for our 2020 -- based on our 2020 actuals, that incremental of $250 million this year. Our current assessment is $350 million to $450 million. And unfortunately, for Richard, it's all falling in his area. But they're dealing with it very well. I'll pass it to him to give you the details. 
Vicki Hollub: Doug, it really depends on the macro. Right now, we're really trying to -- we can't even forecast from 1 hour to the next or even 1 minute to the next what prices are going to be. So a lot of our strategy around the preferred would depend on the macro because of -- as you know, the terms of the deal are challenging if not planned out in a way that enables you to take advantage of the trigger point. So currently, we're really trying to assess what the macro will look like, and we're going to be prepared to make the best value decision, whether that's continued debt reduction along with preferred and along with common.  But right now, the reality is that from our capital framework, we have always had a priority to reduce debt. We'll continue to do that. And we'll do that at a faster pace than the maturities. We just don't know how fast we'll do it. And with respect to the preferred, it really depends on what we see getting through the end of this year and looking into next year what the macro will be, whether the recession, if there is one, will be short or long or deep, and what the other opportunities may look like from a debt perspective, and that could depend on what inflation does. 
Vicki Hollub: Well, the good thing is what we see that we have today is a great opportunity, and that is that we don't have to grow our cash flow right now. And we have an opportunity because of the valuation of our stock right now to continue to make that a key part of our value proposition going forward. We'll do a little bit of dividend increase. We'll certainly mature our debt faster than what the current schedule is in terms of maturities because we want to accelerate that. But we'll also buy back a significant volume of shares, or at least we hope to over the next few years. And we don't feel the need to grow production until we get beyond that point because we feel like one of the best values right now is investment in our own stock. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes, I think that the only M&A that we see that would make sense for us is what we have been doing, and that's just to get bigger in the areas that we are. So increasing our working interest and/or trading acres for bolt-ons to where we are right now in the resources business and in the EOR business. So we have opportunities to do that. We picked up a little bit offshore. So that's -- those are the kind of M&A.  So we're not talking big M&A here. That's not something that we feel like we need to do. But with respect to low carbon ventures, that is a bit of a different story because we're growing a business there. And the -- what we're doing there is looking for technologies that fit within our strategy and that support our strategy. We're not going to take the shotgun approach, where we're putting dollars into 100 different little small tech companies. We're looking for technologies that make our strategy better. And where we find those, we're going to make equity investments when we feel it's a part of what we want to build ultimately.  I think the team has spent with just about $200 million, they have gotten us into 2 technologies I really think are revolutionary. One is NetPower, which generates electricity at a fairly low cost, lower than a traditional gas plant with carbon capture. So this -- NetPower technology generates electricity, but also captures the emissions. So there are no emissions and no volatile organics or anything like that. So NetPower is really important for us.  And then direct air capture. Back to NetPower, it's going to be revolutionary, I believe, for the electric power generation industry around the world. So that's the technology that's critically important. Direct air capture is, too. And we're looking at some other technologies. There are a few things that we're putting money into that we believe has a real chance to improve our business. And those are -- that's the way we kind of look at investments and low carbon opportunities. 
Vicki Hollub: It's really going to be a part of a more comprehensive evaluation as we go forward. So we'll look at that as time passes, and we'll certainly keep you guys updated. But what we intend to do is make the best value decision and proceed with the capital framework that we've laid out. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. Before I pass that to Rob for the answer to that question, I just want to say that you're right about our debt maturities. So we expect this year to be able to lower our debt based on what we see from the macro by another $2 billion to $2.5 billion, which would get us close to $18 billion. Then to get us down to the $15 billion that Rob mentioned in his script is that we would have -- those maturities would come due, all of them, before August, end of August of 2025. We don't want to wait 3 years to get our debt down to $15 billion. So we would expect to, assuming the macro allows, to cut that considerably. We do want to get to the $15 billion sooner rather than later. So we'll fit that in. And that is still a priority for us. I'll pass it to Rob now for the other question. 
Richard Jackson: John, this is Richard. Yes, so a few moving pieces as we look across the U.S. onshore. And as we look at it, a couple of things occurred during the year. I think, first, from an OBO perspective, we had a wedge assumed in our production plan. And early in the year, that became a bit slower in terms of delivery. And so we went ahead and made the move to reallocate some of that capital into our operated, which did a few things.  One, it secured that production wedge for us, but it also added resources for the back half of the year to give us some continuity on the back half of the year. We like that we did that. As Rob mentioned in his comments, these are high-return projects that are very good. So that was a good move. And then securing some of those resources early in the year in terms of rigs and frac core has played out well in terms of our timing to manage inflation and improve performance as we hit this ramp-up for the back half of the year.  The other piece of that, so step 2 is really reallocation from Oxy. And so part of that is coming from LCV. We can talk in more detail on that if we need to. But that's really -- as we hit the back half of the year, we look to be coming in closer to midpoint for low carbon ventures. That's really just more certainty around the direct air capture development in some of the CCUS hub work that we've got in place. And so that, plus, I think, some other savings around the rest of Oxy, really contributed to that balance.  So if you think about that extra [ 200 ], I'd say 50% of that is really around activity adds. So we were a bit front-end loaded in our plan for the year. That allows us to take that capital and keep continuity, especially across drilling rigs, which will give us optionality as we go into 2023.  And then the other piece is really around inflation. We've seen that pressure on that. We've been able to mitigate a large piece of that. But we've outlooked an additional 7% to 10% sort of outlook compared to plan on the year. We've been able to again make up an incremental 4% of that in operation savings. So pleased with the progress against that. But we did start to see some inflationary pressures come up. And so that capital helps address that uncertainty, I would call it, for the rest of the year. 
Richard Jackson: Yes. Devin, let me start with just a few kind of progress points on both our direct air capture and CCUS, and then get a couple of specifics on, like Vicki said, how this can potentially help our development plans.  I think from direct air capture, the critical pieces are continuing to move well. I think from a technology and engineering standpoint, we were able to finish FEED. We're on track and plan to begin construction by the end of this year. And we're really taking that feed and working hard on putting together specific bid packages and being very thoughtful about the supply chain behind that as we go into the end of the year. So we're spending time with that.  From a market support, continue to have very strong support from the carbon dioxide removals in terms of the sequestered CO2 offtakes. And so continue to see good movement on that. Obviously, the policy support couples with that to help really backstop our development plan. And then in terms of capitalization, as we continue to derisk, we are thoughtful on how to think about capitalization not only for Plant One but beyond and continue to see and know that those partnerships will be meaningful.  And so really, on that piece, for the end of the year, again, looking to start construction, finish detailed engineering and then work our innovation work streams. We've got our innovation center with carbon engineering going, seeing really good progress there, lots of pieces in learning, again, for Plant One. But I think one of the things we picked up in that facility is really thinking about how do you continue to reduce the cost to capture for the life of a plant. And so it provides lots of opportunity for that.  Just briefly on the CCUS hubs, we continue on our 3 really focused areas on the Gulf Coast. We've been able to secure now over 100,000-acre target for space development. Very pleased with that. Lots of great engagement with emitters. And then we had the announcements, I think we picked up on the last quarter with our midstream partnerships to be able to retrofit or think about moving that CO2 efficiently within those hubs. So that goes well, expect more updates on both of those as we go into the year. Lots of dynamics, I'd say, over the last quarter. And so we'll put that into plans for 2023 and beyond that we'll communicate.  So just lastly on the -- in terms of some of the policy that plays our way. I think for us, we think about that, we communicated it in our LCV update. It's really an acceleration capability for us. It gives certainty in some of the revenue to allow us to build this development, which is good because the important part of making this business work is really on us. We've got to improve the technology. We've got to lower the cost, and we've got to develop our manufacturing and project development success.  And so having certainty to be able to accelerate that development plan, we believe, allows us to reduce those costs quicker and it creates a sustainable business sooner. And so when you look at both a business and emissions reduction over the next several years, we think this could be complete very meaningful. Longer runway to be able to develop that scale is contemplated in the language. Obviously, increased value support, that aligns with a lot of CCUS work done collectively around the world to kind of pick what needs to happen to create this catalyst. And so very thoughtful alignment there.  And then the final thing is, I think, importantly, recognition for all sources. So point source from industrial or power sector emissions, but carbon removals and direct air capture specifically recognized. And then for the collective CCUS community, recognition of small and large sources, I think, is important. And so they were very inclusive to capture both the small and large. And that's good for us and what we're doing, but that's good for other developers. And so I think it really does create the economies of scale that we hope and plan for to make this commercially successful. 
Richard Jackson: Yes. Perfect. Thanks, Vicki. Yes, just to walk through that, I mean, a couple of things. Certainly, we have seen that 7% to 10% incrementally for us this year. But in our base plan, we had assumed a 2% offset, and we're now up to 6%. And so part of our strategy, and I'll talk through a couple of pieces on this whole thing, was securing quality resources.  If we get into the production cadence for the second half of the year, that delivery schedule and performance is very important. And so working with the right vendors to secure that has been important for us. But let me just rattle off a few. Like most people, OCTG has seen some of the highest sort of inflationary pressures. We work with 1 key supplier and 1 distributor for that. And so when we think about sort of inflation, you think about what is the supply security and then what is the pricing. In the supply security, we feel good out a year and really have worked that hard over this year. Developing in core areas like we do gives us a lot of ability to do that. And in pricing, we secure out about 6 months. And so we feel good going into the end of the year and then into 2023, that we're timing that fairly well in terms of how that looks.  Rigs and frac core, as I mentioned earlier, securing some of those operated resources. Shifting the OBO dollars allowed us to get in front of that and get, again, the right rigs and frac cores for that. We're contracted with a little over 50% of our rigs through the first part of next year. And our frac core's similar as we look out. And so feel good about that, but we've really narrowed again to the core frac and rig providers that we feel like can secure performance.  And then finally saying, again, we've worked a lot on that. I think, one, we've gone to more integrated frac providers, and they continue to help us on logistics and sand supply. But then our sand supplier, our logistics facility in Aventine has allowed us to get ahead on that. And so we feel like supply is secured, and most of our price is secured through the second half of the year. So those have been the big areas that have moved up for us. It has definitely been drilling and completion focused facilities has seen a lot less, 5% OpEx, a lot less as well. So hopefully, that provides some detail in terms of what we've been doing. 
Richard Jackson: Yes. I appreciate it. Well, there are a few pieces. You're exactly right was we thought about sort of this building security in our production delivery for the year. There are several pieces that were important to us. If I go back even to where we started and entered the year from a rig count perspective, we've added -- if you go back to second half of '21, we went from about 11.5 rigs to the first half of this year over 15, to second half of the year at 19. And so being able to secure those operated rigs early to get the performance was really important to us.  So same thing in the back half of this year. If I look at first half versus second half, we look to add about 78 more wells online compared to the first half. So a tremendous step-up in activity. We're able to utilize our frac cores more efficiently with the development plans that we've put together. We're adding 1 additional in the second half of this year, but we're really creating much more smooth operations with what we've done and transition with that OBO capital.  And I guess the pieces I'd point to, what's been important to us operationally is, again, back to performance. Most of the capital for the second half of the year and the production deliveries in the Delaware, we have about 80% of those wells that are coming online are Third Bone Springs to Wolfcamp A. So it derisks a lot in terms of that production delivery. We've added lateral length. We're 1,000-foot longer compared to last year to when we look at the second half of this year.  Our 24-hour IP is about 14% better than the first half of last year. And so all of that has added in terms of derisking the second half of the year. Drilling completion efficiencies improved. Our feet per day is up quarter-to-quarter about 10%. Our nonproductive time is reduced about 7% in the Delaware. And so what we've seen as we've added these rigs, we've been able to work as an operational team, the performance continues to improve. And we're looking at the second half of the year expecting about a 10% time-to-market improvement with those operations. So put a lot of pieces in place in the first half of this year, now we just need to go execute. But really, the plan has been built to achieve that production growth you noted, and we're well on our way. 
Robert Peterson: Sure, John. I would say conditions in both the vinyls and caustic soda business that are largely the ones that determine how we perform overall. In Chemicals, they were obviously very favorable in the second quarter. And when we see both conditions -- both businesses and favorable points, you have the significant earnings impact leading to the record performance we had in the second quarter.  If you go into the third quarter, I would say, the extreme tightness that we've been experiencing for quite some time in the Vinyls business has become more manageable. And that's really from improved supply and some softening in the domestic market, while conditions in the caustic soda business remain very strong and continue to improve. I would say the macroeconomic conditions are still indicative that when you look at interest rates, housing starts, GDP, they're kind of trading unfavorably, which is why we talked about a softer second half relative to the first half. But we're also entering a very unpredictable time of the year being the latter part of the third quarter here in terms of weather, which can certainly upset supply or demand either way. And so this is -- it's very difficult to look out very far as we enter the very beginning of the hurricane season or the peak of hurricane season.  And the other thing I would say that has impacted the business a bit that we're trying to incorporate into the outlook is the Chinese shutdowns related to COVID, sort of the no COVID tolerance policies is backing up their demand in terms of needs for chemicals and pushing other Asian chemicals into other parts of the world, including impacting exports from the U.S. And so there's a bit of a softening there effect. But again, these are all things that can be modified relatively in a short basis if something were to change in either of those.  But because of that, macroeconomic trends and our normal seasonal declines you would see in the fourth quarter in the business, we are projecting a softer second half of the year onto the first half of the year. But again, what we're projecting is quite strong by historical standards. Even the guidance for the third quarter as it is now would have been historically a decent year in many years for the Chemicals business, let alone a quarter.  Overall, when we look at business on PVC, we're still seeing growth year-over-year. Domestic demand is up almost 6% through June. And PVC demand, including exports from the U.S., total demand is up about 4.5%. The chlorine side of the business, we're still seeing growth of 3% to 4% this year. All the market sectors remain strong. There's still a lot of pent-up demand, as you can imagine, coming off of the last 2 years. But those are all areas in durable goods, et cetera, where we can see impact from interest rates, inflation, disposable income, et cetera. So again, part of it is just trying to forecast what that might look like, doing the same anybody else is doing right now, trying to gauge the depth of a potential recession and the impact on demand. But overall, still a very favorable conditions in the business, but just not as favorable as they were in the second quarter. 
Robert Peterson: Sure, Raphael. So we have talked about potential conversions beyond the Battleground project. So at this point, we've made the decision to move forward with the Battleground conversion. As indicated in the remarks, we will continue to operate the facility throughout the construction process. There may be some short periods where we'd take very short outages for important connections between existing infrastructure in the facility. We're confident, throughout that process, we can build inventory and continue to build product with no impact on our customers. And so as you think about the Battleground process, you should not assume any loss of sales or margin during the actual project itself.  So when you look at the other facilities, once we convert the Battleground facility, we already have membrane technology and polyramics, which is a non-asbestos type diaphragm technology, at our Wichita and Geismar facilities. And we're in the process right now of making a conversion change at our [ Wichita ] facility to polyramics. So the announced project, that will not only convert Battleground but increase its capacity by 8%, we'll only leave our Convent Ingleside facilities utilizing asbestos diaphragms. And we'll begin the conversion studies on those as we get further underway with the actual Battleground conversion. We'll do them sort of in series together. We won't wait for one to be completed to make a decision on the other, but we'll sort of stagger them together. But obviously, what we're going to do with those facilities isn't as pertinent as to moving forward the Battleground project right now.  And so from a capital intensity standpoint, we don't provide individual capacities of our facilities. But what I would say though is that the amount -- cost of $1.1 billion that we've included in the slide deck, I would not use that as a proxy necessarily that -- for the other 2 facilities. The facilities are all individually unique, not only from different sizes and capacities in the facilities, but they all have different equipment associated inside and outside, battery limits. They have different conversions that will go along with them.  In addition that, at this stage, as we mentioned, the Battleground facility expansion is determined also with existing contractual obligations we've secured for the chlorine side of the business, the derivative side of the business moving into the project. We're not expanding the project, hoping to get additional demand for those molecules are already sold in the future. At this time, we don't have needs to expand either our Convent facility or Ingleside facility. So at this stage, if we were to proceed with an FID decision on one of those, it would simply be a conversion of process change. And so it would be difficult to take that and certainly wouldn't multiply that number times 3 and come up with a number for those other 2 projects to be included in that.  And so as we get further along with the Battleground project, we'll start sharing ideas on subsequent changes in the future. But this time, the only decision we made is to actually move forward with Battleground 1. 
Robert Peterson: Yes, Jeanine. And so certainly based on what Vicki just said and the fact we'll target, we should be able to do well beyond $1.9 billion that we have for the balance of the year on the share repurchase program, assuming the macro is consistent or relatively consistent to the strip prices right now. And part of targeting that will be some of the maturities you listed off. So -- but we've been able to opportunistically balance between short- and long-term debt maturities. As we move on year-to-date, it's about 45%. In the current decade, about 55% later in the [ date ] [indiscernible]. And so we continue to be opportunistic between knocking out near-term maturities, including ones that are higher interest rate coupon ones now because of the way they've come down with interest rates, but also achieving discount on longer-dated bonds. So you can expect that mix to stay together.  As far as cash reserves, certainly with a very manageable debt maturity profile, we've been holding higher cash levels historically. We ended last year about $2.5 billion. I think we'd be comfortable with something closer to $1.5 billion by the end of this year, providing another certainly $1 billion of cash to work with this year just from the reduction on reserves. 
Robert Peterson: Yes, Neil. Sure. So year-to-date, as we mentioned, we paid $8.1 billion of debt, certainly far beyond the $5 billion initial target we established for the year. And included in that, in the second quarter, we knocked out [ 60% ] of what I would call the annual risk associated with our 0 coupon bonds. That was occurring every October. If you look back to July of last year -- or June of last year, we retired almost $15 billion of debt. So very meaningful progress on the debt reduction side of it.  But in addition to the debt reduction, all 3 agencies have their own other metrics. I'll call them, the [ return IG ]. And so they're all sitting, as we discussed, 1 notch below. Our forecast that we have internally have us exceeding the majority of these criteria before the end of the year or, in many cases, we're actually ahead of now on the last 12-month basis. But the conversation we've been having with the agencies would suggest, I just want you to get more comfortable, that in a different oil price environment, and all of the agencies have long-term oil prices well below current oil prices, that they would be comfortable that we would not slip back into being a high-yield type credit.  But again, like I said, take something like Moody's, for example, they want to look at retained cash flow to adjusted debt to be greater than 40% and essentially the retained cash flow exclusive preferred dividends. But the adjusted debt does include half of the Berkshire. So the Berkshire does factor into that. And so we're well ahead of that forecast. And even we're adjusting for Moody's price forecast relative to ours.  And in the case of Fitch, I'll give you an example. They also look at our sort of mid-cycle funds flow from operation it just covered [ supposed ] 5.5x. The preferred is excluded from the funds flow, but it's included in interest expense. We're going to be well over 5.5x certainly this year by year-end. And so I think on a lot of these statistics, we are passing through these very rapidly, probably much more -- certainly rapidly than we suspected or the agencies suspected. We're having very constructive conversations with them and making sure that the decisions we're making are contributing towards that.  As you said, we don't have ultimate control over when that occurs, but comfortably looking at all of the various metrics that they've thrown at us relative to our financial policy and metrics. I feel confident that we would be in good stead with all those toward the end of the year. We have a gap with S&P's expectations on reported debt, but that's really the only one that we're going to have a significant gap in right now. But certainly with Fitch and Moody's, I'm confidence on those 2 agencies that what they've laid out for us explicitly on terms of metrics, that we can meet this before the end of the year. 
