Stephen I. Chazen: Yes. It's obvious. The plant's on schedule, and it's in the process of testing or whatever we want to call it currently. So there shouldn't be any delays. When we talked about the plant a couple of years ago, we talk thought we'll drill more gas and obviously to fill it up and whatever it is, $2 gas doesn't seem at all that interesting. The wells would be all right, but I think it's wasteful to produce gas at $2. We have a sizable inventory of gas to drill in California, would easily fill the plant and then some, but we'll probably defer that some. Exact increase, basically what will happen is you'll get a little more NGLs out of Elk -- out of the old plant or the old field and much more reliable gas production. And what exactly it will do, we'll be able to see in the third quarter, but it will be an improvement. And we'll see what will happen when the shift the gas, the high-pressure gas to the new plant and keep the low pressure gas in the old plant. So I can't predict that, and I don't want to predict it until I actually see the results.
Stephen I. Chazen: The second part, I don't really know. They drill a bit -- the best as it builds up. I think I told almost everybody that a massive buildup in drilling rigs in California is probably counterproductive at this point. We expect to build the rig count in the back half of the year as the line of sight improves. It's obviously a lot better than it was, but we need to be able to plan to keep those rigs, because once you bring them into California, it's hard to get rid of them. We're effectively the only one drilling. So I think you just got to say that as the longer lead permitting progresses we'll build the count, and we'll see where we are at this point.
Stephen I. Chazen: Because we're intermittent buyers of the shares, as we buy when they're cheap and when it's less clear, we leave it alone. Stock declined when we're in basically the closed window period. And so we really couldn't respond this month essentially. And we'll see -- we talked about the calculation a couple of quarters ago. And so that will be something that we'll be looking at very hard in next few weeks. The cash balance courses, and we're not exactly getting rich off the interest. And so we need to put the money to work one way or another. There may be some small acquisitions, but we're earning in spite of -- we earned 16% on equity. So if we can reinvest it and earn 16% on equity, that's probably in the shareholders interest. But if the shares reflect a different number, then we'll take a different tact.
Stephen I. Chazen: I really don't need to do anything material. Some bargain comes up, that's a different story, but we're just not going to do anything material. Again, bargains are one thing but so far, I haven't heard of any bargains coming by. And we're actually not a real estate company. And so we're not actually -- a lot of the stuff that is for sale isn't exactly oceanfront property. And so we're pretty cautious about large-scale acreage acquisitions. So if they can steal it, that's fine. But right now, we have so much on our plate. I think I told you a couple quarters ago that the request from the units were essentially twice the approved spending level. So we got a big inventory. The opportunities that continues to grow both in California and in the Permian. And there's just no need to do something splashy.
Stephen I. Chazen: I don't know. As you know, I'm a, debtophobe, so there's probably not, but we still have $3.8 billion of cash.
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes it's more efficient to cash than leveraging up. Commodity business is volatile, and that's not all that exciting. But 2% interest rate's always a little tempting. But right now, we've got a boatload of cash. And we would expect this year, even with a modest level of acquisitions and the growth of the solid gas, the capital spending will build cash this year. So we got to figure out the best way to put it to work.
Stephen I. Chazen: Bill can answer that. We're not going to break it down for each play. We'll do it by basin generally.
Stephen I. Chazen: Horizontal side? The Bakken stuff is still not come down to the level that's appropriate, so we continue to reduce our current -- we have a lot more better places to put money right now than the Bakken, so we're reducing that count. The rest of the stuff doesn't seem to change very much. The rest of the horizontal -- I think our service costs are essentially flat.
Stephen I. Chazen: The only thing I would say that's really out of our control is the sour gas, because we had a lower number in there, and I think they'll spend more of that now, so the total will go up. The total over time is about $4 billion our share. And so if we spent between now and the end 2014, and just a matter -- you don't really know what year it will fall in, the total's okay. So we'll spend more this year and we'll spend less some of the year. So that's the only variable right now, unless we change the program.
Stephen I. Chazen: We didn't reduce it, it's just sort of automatic. They don't get the permits, it's hard to spend the money. There's only so many dinners you can buy if you want.
Stephen I. Chazen: The gross, just to fill in, the gross is running 260 right now. These latest approvals on contract awards can get us up to 550, 600 over the next 2, 2.5, 3 years. So that's coming together. It hasn't gone as fast as he like to, we've had some recent progress.
Stephen I. Chazen: I would argue, it's probably pretty flattish. It will vary, but I think pretty flattish. A lot of the gas, the bulk of the gas, overwhelming majority of the gas is associated with the oil production. And so -- but we're not -- we could size, we should have a huge increase in gas production as a company if we decided to drill wells. And basically that's what's -- at $2, it's just not going to happen, or $2.50 or $3. So that's really what we're saying is, we could have a very, very large increase in gas production if the prices were sensible. So you ought to expect sort of flatfish so all the growth in the business will come out of the oil business, which is a little easy -- a little harder than growing in the size of our portfolio, a little harder than growing gas. We grow gas a lot because it's a small base.
Stephen I. Chazen: Most of it is doing pretty well, the oily areas. I think if you've got about 1/3 of your BOEs in oil, that's a stuff that sells for $100 a barrel, sort of. You have, I think, a pretty economic program. And those programs were, there's really no $100 a barrel stuff, all you have this NGLs and gas, I think they're economically challenged in the Permian. So some of the plays are so-called liquids rich if there's not about 1/3 of your stream are condensated black oil, I think those are economically challenged. From our perspective, somebody else may have a more limited opportunity set.
Stephen I. Chazen: Bill will answer the horizontal question. But on the other question is, we would expect that the CO2 production would grow, not be flat. And we have sizable amount of CO2 right now. We've covered the problem with the sand rich plant with some other way. And so I think we're in very good shape on CO2 and the production -- and the CO2 area is actually growing.
Stephen I. Chazen: We don't plan to exit it. If you look at the United States, say where the oil is, the oil is in California, the oil is in the Permian and the oil is in the Bakken. The Bakken right now, if you think about it, there's labor issues that's basically overwhelmed the small place with the drilling activities. We're effectively looking if we can -- the right price to add to the position and build it out as a long-term resource. Right now, given the other 2 U.S. areas, it's just not -- it might be effective for somebody else to compete for capital, but it's not effective for us to complete for capital. That's why I'm slowing it down, because that money is much better used in either California or West Texas. But over time, it's the Willie Sutton discussion of why we're there because that's where the oil is. So that's real straightforward, and we're domestic oil producer fundamentally.
Stephen I. Chazen: I think it's too early. It's -- I think it's fair to say it's -- at this point, it's interesting and doing reasonably well. To find the limits right now, it's pure speculation.
Stephen I. Chazen: It means -- it's around whether it's production and people have been successful. We've provided 2 columns because our view is probably more conservative than the average on what the likely limits are. So we've given you sort of small E&P version on one set of columns and sort of the rational economic one on the second. But we would hope that some of the acreage would move over there. But right now, all you can really say that we would view as highly perspective.
Stephen I. Chazen: If you look at the pricing, we produce a moderate amount of NGLs here in California. California pricing is fundamentally better than the rest of the U.S.
Stephen I. Chazen: I'm probably going to get in trouble if I speculate. But it's gone through another rejuvenation, maybe the fifth or sixth one in my life, maybe more, maybe 10 times, if I would really count them. And this is basically driven by not necessarily new technology or some of that, but really by higher product prices. If product prices hold somewhere in this area. This business is going to grow sharply. I mean every forecast I've ever made for this business, over the Permian over the last 5 or 10 years has been way too low. And so the business is a very large business, larger than a lot of companies, and it will continue to grow at a pretty decent phase, but you should remember that's a large business. And so the absolute growth for the U.S. economy kind of growth is going to be quite sizable. But on a percentage basis, it's not going to be impressive. As impressive as somebody who starts at 20,000 barrels a day. So I can't really answer it, but I would think that it will be commensurate with the growth of the U.S. business. That is to say, it is the core of the company's cash flow generation, so it will grow in line with our U.S. business.
Stephen I. Chazen: Only I learned over the years, the oil businesses that the well making 2,000 barrels a day and might make 0 tomorrow, but it's definitely not going to make 4,000. And so you've got to be cautious about decline rates and stuff. But the Permian has really gone through a significant rejuvenation, and so we're well positioned to reap that.
Stephen I. Chazen: The actual acreage in Permian is much larger. And so that acreage is closer to 3 million for the whole basin. This is just in this area.
Stephen I. Chazen: It is the same formation. I mean, they changed the names to protect the innocent, I guess. But these are the same formations that have been producing for a long time. They just changed the names to make them sound more interesting. And I would guess that over time, the basin has always been very good to us, but certainly very good for the U.S. industry. So I'm bullish on the basin. As you move towards New Mexico, it gets a lot gassier, you should understand. And a lot of people have big acreage positions out that way. And that depends really on your view about gas prices rather than oil prices. We're pretty much an oil company.
Edward Arthur Lowe: Yes, Paul, we're running 15 rigs in Oman right now, 10 of them in the north. And we're working the relatively new Block 62 and still working Block 9 and 27. We're revamping a lot of our facilities so that we can get consistent production over 100,000 gross barrels a day in the North. So I mean we see that as a place that still got a lot of opportunities ahead of us.
Edward Arthur Lowe: In growth, we look at -- we're still going to -- we're going to get to about 110,000 gross barrels a day. We're running about 98 right now. Some of it, we actually have more capacity in the ground we have to fix and refurbished and add some facilities to few.
Edward Arthur Lowe: Yes, Doug. We are making progress on spending in addition to -- we just yesterday found out they've approved some new production facilities. So we will not only give us more spend, which leads to more introduction, but more gross production. There are some variables facing us with some common infrastructures that the Iraqis are working on. They fixed a lot of your issues on transportation, the terminal. We're still trying to get the water injections fixed. And the actual speed of ramp up of our own production will depend on how soon we can get more water in the ground.
