Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Sunil. 2023 was a significant year for Oxy on both operational and commercial fronts. Our teams skillfully navigated through the dynamics, and I want to recognize our employee's ingenuity and hard work, their efforts generated the exciting achievements we covered today as well as the great progress that is underway to position us for a successful 2024.  With that, we'd like to open the call for questions. Jordan mentioned earlier that Richard Jackson and Ken Dillon are also on the call, and they will participate in the Q&A session. We'll now take your calls. 
Vicki Hollub: Well, as you noted, by virtue of all the M&A that's happening, there's a lot of appetite for companies to try to get into the Permian. And we do have properties in the Permian that are not core to us, but could be core to others, and some of it is where they're placed in the Permian geographically and how they're not as cored up as some of our key areas. So the divestitures, I believe, will go well. What we won't do though is we've decided not to make any divestitures until we close the CrownRock acquisition. And then we'll start a proactive process more aggressively at that point. 
Vicki Hollub: Thank you. Appreciate it, Neil. That was timed very well spent. They made use of all the time that they had to do things that we needed to do. 
Vicki Hollub: Well, depending on what actually is divested, we can't really give you an estimate of what that is today. Some things are changing in terms of what we're looking at. So I think that it would be very difficult to put the number out there at this point. 
Vicki Hollub: Anything that's material, we wouldn't likely do. We're trying to minimize the cash flow sold to ensure that we can maintain our cash flow. With that said, there will be some cash flow going because it's hard to sell any assets out here that we haven't already at least done appraisal work on to generate some cash flow. 
Vicki Hollub: So if you look at our -- what we've said we'll spend in oil and gas is $4.8 billion to $5 billion in 2024. That -- part of that will be spent on, as we mentioned, some of the mid-cycle projects that generate oil production at a later date. That's for example, the Permian EOR, investing in that would generate the oil and gas production from that is about the third year after we started. So that will be a bit delayed. Gulf of Mexico, some of those are also preparing us for the future.  So the mid-cycle investments will not impact this year's production. Potentially 2.2% increase will be based on the spending of the [ 4.9 ] if you use the mid-cycle price, less that [ 480 ]. And then when you look at what's being spent in our oil and gas operations minus that amount, you still have some of that going forward facilities. So I think it speaks well to what the teams have done with respect to productivity and getting more out of the wells that we can actually spend what's really less than half that $1 billion that you mentioned on oil and gas activities and then some of that will be for facilities.   So we're actually getting a 2% growth rate from some of what we've developed in 2023 flowing over to 2024 and then the high productivity that we're getting out of our developments. 
Vicki Hollub: I think the bulk of the addition is from our Permian Resources business, I think the -- I think just essentially most of it was. We had some revisions from productivity improvements in other areas, but the bulk was from Permian EOR, where I think, Richard, if you look at your reserve replacement ratio, just for onshore, that was pretty significant. 
Vicki Hollub: And I would add the other place where we did add significant reserves is Algeria as a result of the team's work to get all the 18 contracts merged into 1 and then extended. So that was great work done by the Algeria team to add reserves there. But the thing I'm most proud of is, while the bulk of the reserves came from those 2 sources of the Permian and Algeria, and a little bit from the DJ, every business unit we have increased reserves except for Al Hosn where we had already booked quite a bit of reserves because of the modeling [indiscernible] to get that estimate more refined. 
Vicki Hollub: I would tell you that, over the next 5 to 10 years, it's going to be a significant part of our portfolio development. We have 2 billion barrels of resources remaining to be developed. And we believe that as a result of our direct air capture facilities that we ultimately will build to get CO2 out of the atmosphere, it's going to be the most sustainable barrels in the world. It's going to be a resource that the world needs to get -- to leave 30% or 40% of oil in conventional reservoirs and 90% of oil and shale reservoirs is just not acceptable.  And for the United States, to continue our energy independence, EOR is going to have to be a part of the equation ultimately. We're getting way ahead of the game here to be sure that we're ready because we do believe that the climate transition would not be affordable for the world without EOR being able to produce net zero carbon barrels of oil. So this is a huge part of our strategy and important, not only to our shareholders. It will add value, but to the U.S. and ultimately to other parts of the world. And for the near term, a forecast on what we can do. Richard has some data on that. 
Vicki Hollub: The discussions with the DOE are continuing and going quite well that where we -- the timing of the start of the front-end engineering and design will be dependent on the completion of some of those discussions. And then the discussions will continue beyond that on getting prepared for the start of construction, but there is a time line there that we're working through. 
Vicki Hollub: Well, some of our teams felt like they'd asked for everything. But I can tell you, our teams are working diligently to work with the team at the FTC to get them all the answers that they need. So it's -- we're progressing and hope to, as we said, be able to close in the second half of this year. 
Vicki Hollub: So when you look at it on a corporate level, what we're really trying to do is balance our investments over time so that we can have a sustainable growing dividend. And it -- and we've got this unique balance that I think makes it for us, different than many other companies, and we want to take full advantage of it. And I want to let Richard and Sunil chime in on their views on it because this is a critical part of what differentiates us. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. That's what we [indiscernible] on that. But the CrownRock does -- that acquisition, once we get our debt back down to $15 billion, that's going to be a key part of helping us then to start the resumption of a more robust share repurchase program of both the common and ultimately, the preferred. 
Vicki Hollub: No, actually, we would -- we're going to accumulate cash flow as we continue to work toward closing the CrownRock deal because part of cash flow will be used to help pay down both the term loan and our debt maturities that are coming. So cash flow would not be used for share repurchases until we get to the point where we've achieved those goals. 
Vicki Hollub: I think there's -- the projects there were pushed out a bit just like many other things because of supply chain issues and also dealing a little bit with inflation. But those projects, we started those and those are in progress and going well at this point. So I'd like to say that though the importance of when those cash flows come on from the plant enhancement projects, we're already starting to see cash flow from those projects. The actual cash flow that we'll see from the Battleground expansion won't be until the second half of 2026.  But the exciting thing about all of this is that, when you add the OxyChem projects, which will deliver the $300 billion to $400 billion the full uplift by the second half of '26, that's both the plant enhancement projects and the expansion, so we've got that, and you combine that with what Sunil had talked about earlier, where we have a $400 million reduction in our mid-cycle contract prices in 2025, we'll see the full uplift of that in 2026 as well.  And so when you combine those along with the $1 billion that we expect, assuming in a WTI price of $70, that puts us in 2026 with $1.7 billion incremental cash at least and potentially more than that. So to be able to get to a point where in just a little over 2 years, where we have -- through these projects and cost reduction, we are $1.7 billion better in terms of cash flow, that's pretty significant for us and something that we're really looking forward to and excited about. 
Vicki Hollub: The Crown Rock acquisition stood on its own in terms of quality and how it fit within our portfolio in the Midland Basin and made that asset stronger. But the 4 pilots that we conducted in the Midland Basin were on the South Curtis Ranch, which is not too far from some of those asset. So we do believe that the Midland Basin is going to be one of the areas that we would target in a big way with an enhanced oil recovery development that's using anthropogenic or atmospheric. But we're also doing the same thing in the Delaware Basin now. We have a pilot going on there. That will help us to potentially look at that as another place to develop ultimately. So we have both options. 
Richard Jackson: Yes. I mean just to add to that. I mean, obviously, the focus, while near term, some of these highlights that we're putting in on the primary benches that we've been developing driving the outperformance on production. But some of the highlights we've been trying to put in the call or some of these secondary benches that are becoming more prevalent in our program. If you look at some of those highlights at a 2nd Bone Spring or the Bone Spring line, you look at that Delaware chart that we've got on [indiscernible] production, highlighting the year-on-year performance in the Delaware, those secondary benches are outperforming our 2023 average. And so those -- as we delineate and develop more of those, that's really driving that reserves in the unconventional. EOR continues to do well. Talk in more detail if there's interest, but some of the projects they have going on there to increase capacity in some of our gas processing facilities like in the Seminole, which I think we highlighted, these are also giving us near-term, we call it, operability or it's really the reliability of that production.  So some of that incremental investment this year is driving, say, a couple of thousand barrels a day of improved base production, but that's also providing capacity to develop some of those low development cost barrels that Vicki noted as we're able to bring on the CO2 for the future. So that's sort of how we're thinking about the reserve story, and it plays out in near-term outperformance, but the long term is picking it up on reserves as well. 
Richard Jackson: Yes, perfect. I'll tie that. I mean one of the attributes we really like around the EOR production that we talk about a lot is the lower decline. And so as we came through the last several years with -- especially to the downturn with lower commodity prices, being able to have that flat, flatter decline, less than 5%, was able to help us maintain a lot of free cash flow. We really started restoration of some of that development last year.  And this year, as we go forward, we'll have about 60 wells that we'll bring online, which will add about 4,000 barrels a day of new well production. But the benefit of this EOR and when we talk about mid-cycle, that double next year and triples in the third year. So you really hit your peak production of around 12,000 barrels a day based on that investment today 3 years from now.  The other thing I mentioned shortly, but just provide a little more color, the Seminole gas plant expansion, that's about 85 million a day that will add in terms of capacity for about $40 million Again, this year, we'll expect a couple of thousand barrels a day that we'll add in our base production. So if you think about kind of a cash investment intensity, or capital intensity, that's a competitive business we've got in the portfolio. But what it does, to Vicki's point, is we're able to bring on our CO2, anthropogenic CO2 for the future, these are very good return projects. They'll be very competitive in our portfolio, especially given the lower decline. And so when we look at just that Seminole, as we look '24 to '28, that's, say, another 15,000 to 20,000 barrels a day type opportunity for minimal capital. And so within sort of the range of capital that we're spending this year in EOR, we're building those sort of wedges with great opportunity to do more as we bring on more CO2. So hopefully, that helps tie the short and long. 
Richard Jackson: Maybe just a couple of details I'll add since you asked the question on that. A lot of that spend is continuing to build out the subsurface capability for that CO2. Obviously, direct air capture is an anchor for the King Ranch area, but we continue to work on our other Gulf Coast hubs. We've submitted 8 Class 6 and are expected to submit another 10 this year. So just kind of giving you scale of what those -- that type of work has been going there. So going really well. I'm really pleased with the development work on that end and then obviously Carbon Engineering, we've been getting to work more and more with and really happy with the progress that is going through R&D to project work with Ken that will fulfill that development work. 
Richard Jackson: Yes. No, Roger, I appreciate the opportunity. I mean, obviously, we're putting together short term with long term in mind, and the CrownRock acquisition provides a lot of growth, and we've talked about the positive attributes of that being a more mature unconventional development with high margin, 35% decline. It immediately adds, you can think about it from a growth standpoint, a really nice growth wedge this year, both from a free cash flow basis, but also a decline basis.  The Rockies, I'll just pick on 1 point there. About 40% of that capital on the Rockies this year has to do with drilled uncompleted wells that carried in from last year. The sort of the cadence of that activity levels we had resumed activity last year, got ahead on the drilling. And then this year really beginning to complete a lot of those wells. So from a capital intensity standpoint, that's very, very low when you look at what we're spending for the amount of production that we're able to add there.  Obviously, that's -- we have high margins in the Rockies. We have royalties. There's other things that drive very competitive returns there. And so that DAC count, just as a data point, we'll kind of go from say, mid-60s kind of the fourth quarter last year to more like mid-30s as we balance, and that's allowing us to then actually pull back about half of a net rig in the Rockies to more of a sustainable activity level.  So just a little color on the Rockies, so we don't read too much into just 1 year. But maybe Sunil can then pick that up and talk kind of across the company. 
Richard Jackson: Yes. I think just from a permit standpoint, it's been very productive over the last couple of years. So we stand today about a little over a rig year -- or 1.5x kind of our current activity. But in the last 6 months, we've gotten [ 155 ] through. In the next 12 months, we expect another [ 169 ]. So there are some big ones that we've been working through kind of from a larger package standpoint that have gone really well.  That team there -- and I hope this helps kind of the second part of your question. We continue to drop things that are important to the communities and the state around emissions. Our safety programs are very good. We've worked on consolidating facilities and doing things around transportation to make it easier. And so a lot of those things have been really the positive things we've been able to add into these permit or development plans around the permits that we've received very positive comments on.  So we're continuing on. Again, we're sort of hitting more stable, sustainable activity up there, and we feel like we're in as good a position as we have been in a long time in terms of permit outlook. 
