Vicki A. Hollub: Yes, Evan. As Chris said that our committed capital is coming down but we still do have some committed capital in 2016. So what we'll do is balance our Permian Resources business with the capital requirements elsewhere. As you know, we're trying to reduce our capital requirements in the Middle East and the reason for that is we would prefer to divert – to move capital to Permian Resources. But we do have the ability to swing it up and down. We're working on several scenarios that we could be ready to implement depending on what market prices are in 2016.
Vicki A. Hollub: Currently we're looking at certainly exiting some of the non-core properties in the Middle East and ramping down activities in some of those areas that we're not going to exit. So that will certainly impact some of our SG&A cost. We expect those to go down as well as some of our operating cost. So that will be a benefit to us. And getting back to the resources question that you had previously, we do expect to, in all of the scenarios that we're looking at, to continue to grow production from our Permian Resources business.
Vicki A. Hollub: Yeah, Phil, we're continuing to see improvements in the Permian Resources business. And as we've just said and said previously, our Resources businesses are swing business with respect to capital, we can, we have the ability to ramp up and ramp down. But we do see a scenario if oil prices improve a little bit for us to be able to continue to grow Resources and to manage some of the capital spend and in international down so that we could be cash flow neutral and grow Resources slightly in 2016. And part of that's due to the fact that we're continuing to see improvements in our drilling and completion operations. And if you look at kind of the targets that, if you go back and look at our Q1 targets for our drilling and completion activity in Permian Resources, we've actually adjusted our targets a couple of times because our teams keep outperforming and beating our previous targets and setting new best rates. So currently two of the things that we're dealing with in terms of uncertainties is how much better can we get, and also what will prices be. So we're running both of those scenarios and we think we have opportunity to continue to improve.
Vicki A. Hollub: Yes. We've continued to improve our operating costs and basically we're focusing on the OpEx in Permian Resources and Permian EOR because in Williston we had some high OpEx there just because of the fact that our production was lower. But in the Permian, what we're doing is, we see the biggest opportunities in our Resources business where initially we had difficulty pumping from the deeper unconventional wells. We were trying to use either ESPs or beam pumps. With both of those there were issues because of the depth of those wells and the initial very high volumes that then becomes lower volume pretty quickly in the life of the well. So now we've gotten to a point where we understand that better. We're addressing that better. We're actually ensuring that we installed a lift that's the right kind of lift for the full life cycle of the well so that we don't have high initial repair costs. So that's part of what's driving down our OpEx in the US. In Permian EOR, those guys are continuing to optimize what they do with respect to well maintenance. They have a lot more wells over there. So they've been able to reduce quarter over quarter the cost per barrel in the EOR business by improving the well service rig performance, and improving how they deal with replacement of pumps and things like that, the materials they use and what they're doing there to extend the life of the wells. So we do expect continued improvement in both of those business units.
Vicki A. Hollub: In addition to the pad drilling, we were able to capture some stranded gas in the last quarter and we were able to put that online and through processing and that's what drove some of that.
Vicki A. Hollub: There's going be lumpy production. So it could vary from quarter to quarter, but in terms of the differential with the gas with respect to oil this time, it was again – it was due to a one-time event to get some gas production on that we didn't previously have on.
Vicki A. Hollub: On the well completions, we've continued to try to find the exact mix of when to use slick water, when to use hybrid fluid systems and also what the cluster spacing should be, what the volume of the proppant should be. So what we've done is we've experimented a little bit trying to ensure that we get all of that optimized. And some of that we have enough data that we can optimize it and we know what to do. For example in cluster spacing, we can take the pressures that we see during the frac jobs and kind of get to a point where we know what that should be for a given area. So it's still really the proppant size and the fluid volumes and fluid types that we're experimenting with. We did some experimentation with using some of the sleeves and things like that versus plug and perf. And we found that while the sleeves are somewhat effective in being able to isolate and frac, they're not as good when we try to flow the wells back because the sleeves actually cause variations in the flow back which drops out proppant, causes cleanup issues later. So we're moving more toward now ensuring that what we do is we'll have optimum impact on not just recovery but the life of the well. So I think it's just still experimenting with those things that others do. We're waiting for our seismic. We should be done acquiring that in the Barilla Draw area soon, and we'll be processing that. And we hope that will lead to actual more improvements next year.
Vicki A. Hollub: At current prices, I can tell you, I can give you what we were generating. We were generating a couple of billion dollars when prices were in the $90 environment.
Vicki A. Hollub: In Colombia, we recently signed an agreement with the government to implement a couple more water floods in Colombia. We see that as our asset there is the opportunity to continue to maintain our production. We'd like at some point to be able to grow the production a little bit. But currently we have a great relationship with the government and with Ecopetrol. We have a team down there that's incredibly efficient and knows the area very well. And our operating teams are very good there. So we see it as a place that, we've been there for over 30 year, would like to continue to be there another 30 years. The country itself has some opportunities outside of what we currently have. And certainly, any opportunity that comes up in Colombia is something we'd want to take a look at.
Vicki A. Hollub: Currently, we were thinking that we would move more activity to the Delaware Basin. But you're right. Our Midland Basin team has been performing so well, and especially with this Big Spring area in Howard County, the performance there and in Merchant is getting to the point where those wells are really becoming very competitive with what we're doing in the Delaware.
Vicki A. Hollub: I think the 2015 average is not exactly representative of what we'll see going forward, but it's indicative of a trend that we'll see. What you're talking about, the trend downward was certainly impacted by the Peck State and the Buzzard State because initially we had incredible rates from the Peck State. It was about 2,400 BOE per day, 24-hour rate for the Peck State. About over 2,000 barrels a day for the Buzzard State. Those wells were two of our best wells in the Delaware Basin. What we're trying to do and the reason we're still, and in answer to John's question, the reason I said we're still trying to tweak things and work things is that we feel like we should have the ability to continue to increase our performance per well. And we're still, we think that with the seismic, we'll be able to figure out what made the Peck State and the Buzzard State so good. And then we'll target trying to hit either the interval that was so good in there or the area, or types of areas like that. And so that's exactly the reason for the seismic is to try to determine whether their reservoir, whether there are areas that are driven by reservoir quality or characteristics that we can move toward in our development program toward the end of 2016. Because by the time we have the seismic processed and evaluated, it would not start impacting the program until the end of next year. But that's exactly what it's designed to do, is look for whether or not those wells were in a particular area that's limited, or whether it's broader and we just aren't getting the chemistry of the frac jobs right or the location within the interval. That's not to say we're not having great wells. We're having great wells, but we do want to continue to improve them. We'd love to see more of those types.
Vicki A. Hollub: Well, we have as you know 1.5 million net acres in the unconventional business and our inventory of wells really, the appraisal wells that we've shown you, that 8,300 well inventory was really based on an appraisal of about half of that. And then our development areas, we're trying to keep at an even lower acreage percentage than that because what we're trying to do is ensure that we completely build out as we build our infrastructure. So probably the Barilla Draw area represents an acreage, at least what we're really concentrating on developing, probably two or three pods that would total up to be about 40,000 or 50,000 in the Delaware Basin.
Stephen I. Chazen: Now on the G&A question, this is Steve. The answer to your question is no. We really haven't baked in the Middle East situation with the decline. So basically what we see now is – this is what we've said for next year's run rate are costs. We expect to continue to work on this as the portfolio changes.
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, the countries have gone from being flush with cash to being cash users just to fund their own situation. So it's not likely that they're in the mood to – basically they're selling things. They're not buying things right now.
Stephen I. Chazen: Yeah, we sold the Bakken assets for about $600 million as opposed to the reported number, which I don't know where that came from. Anyway, we sold for about $600 million. We just can't see a situation where we would invest in it given what we have in the Permian. And so I mean, it's really a statement that says okay, we just don't see how it competes for capital inside the company in any reasonable price scenario that we can come up with. Generally it's always generated negative cash flow or at best neutral. It's declining about 1,000 barrels a day a quarter. So a year from now, it would be 13,000 or so a day just doing the arithmetic. So we don't see how the value increases over time. For us, this $600 million, we could run four rigs in the Permian basin for a year with this money or five, somewhere in that range and generate more production than we would get out of the Bakken with the $600 million. So pretty easy decision. Say well, you could hold on until it goes up in price. By the time it goes up in price you might be making 8,000 barrels a day. So I just don't know when it's going to go up. We believe we received a fair price given the prospects for it under our management.
Stephen I. Chazen: $60 is just a cartoon. This is basically based on our current situation. The businesses are not cash flow positive.
Stephen I. Chazen: So we haven't gone back and recomputed what exactly the breakeven would be. So we don't really know whether it's $55 or $60.
Stephen I. Chazen: I don't think we'd burn through all the cash. Maybe we have a different model. But anyway, if you run through all the numbers, I think we'd look at it at the time. But as we cut back on the non-core assets, more cash will be generated. And so you could drill fewer wells in the Permian if that were necessary. We're not counting on -
Stephen I. Chazen: Yeah, we would bring the capital down lower. There's more savings as we go and so we're not exactly sure where we are in this process. So I think as we go through this next year, the large, the cracker basically ends at the end of this next year. The spending on that ends. Some of the stuff in the midstream ends at the end of next year. Al Hosn will be, all the capital will be spent. There's a little bit of capital in the beginning of the year for crew quarters as I recall. And so when now all that ends, the capital will naturally decline and the production goes up. So whether it's $60 or $55, we don't really know right now. But we would expect as we go into 2017 clearly that the capital program would be significantly less than – could be significantly less than next year even.
Stephen I. Chazen: It's a difficult business to estimate. It's hodgepodge of different businesses. It's got a power business. It's got a standard transmission business. It also holds the capacity to ship oil out of the Permian. And right now there's more excess capacity in the basin to ship oil because people assume that oil would, the production would go up and it's clearly not for the industry. So we're paying demand charges essentially for that. And that's what's eating into the profitability. So it's really a difficult number to quantify because you have to really have an idea about these demand charges and what's going to happen with that. It has a probably underlying earning power in the $300 million or so area. But there's a lot of volatility on these demand charges.
Stephen I. Chazen: Sulfur at Al Hosn is also, is makes predicting oil prices easy. I mean the price of sulfur can move $50 a ton overnight.
Stephen I. Chazen: I think to be – I mean the way the accounting works in the Middle East on a production sharing contract, the company always bears all of the cost, all of the operating costs. So when oil prices are high, you get fewer barrels to cover that operating cost.
Stephen I. Chazen: And higher, and lower oil prices you've got a lot more barrels to cover the exact same operating cost even if they don't change. So I mean that's -
Stephen I. Chazen: Yeah, it's a little different than comparing to the US or something like that because you always have all of the, 100% of the operating costs essentially there. And so whether you produce 10,000 barrels a day or 20 net, operating cost is the same.
Stephen I. Chazen: Yeah, I think the short answer is that the Williston operating costs went up and it dragged the average up.
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, if I had more confident in the oil price, we'd be more aggressive in the share repurchase. At this point it depends on two things; sort of a calculation of what's in the stock which is favorable to repurchase; and how fearful we are about the volatility in the oil price. So I think the fear overcame the calculation this past quarter. We keep on reading these analyst reports so that generates enormous fear.
Stephen I. Chazen: Just reducing activity I think is the way to say it. There's a significant amount of, call them receivables or whatever you want to call it, where we produce the oil and gas but haven't been paid in some of these places. And basically you're effectively building up a liability over time and basically we can't afford to do that currently. And so we'll reduce the activity until we can catch up with that accrual if you will. It doesn't show up on a balance sheet. It's simply the difference between production and liftings.
Stephen I. Chazen: And ongoing. I think it will go – it will go on until – all these things go on until there's no more time left.
Stephen I. Chazen: Yeah and the same thing, when the cracker is the end of – be done the end of next year and then the cash flow really in 2017. Same sort of dynamic except probably larger.
Stephen I. Chazen: There's clearly – I really don't want to get into a discussion about the contract terms there, except to say that in theory, you got your money back on a small profit pretty much as you spent the money, maybe a quarter or two off. And that really – and that hasn't exactly happened.
Stephen I. Chazen: Yeah, as you reduce the capital, have fewer rigs, the effect of this lumpiness is more obvious because you got these rigs working in one place and if you're in five places, well it sort of averages out. But as you reduce the number of rigs at work, the effect of the lumpiness from a quarter to quarter basis is a lot more obvious. So you might expect some more. You'll be able to see it in a normal environment. With a somewhat higher rig count, you wouldn't see it really. It would just smooth out.
Stephen I. Chazen: If they had stress, they wouldn't share it with us. I think that's fair to say. What you do see of course is a lot of talk about raising money and that sort of thing. So if you want to view that as stress, you can. But they all say that they're aligned, whatever that means.
Stephen I. Chazen: Yeah, I think the cash has normal settlement with it. So the production is actually doing pretty much the way it's said. I mean the 60,000 is what we talked about. Cash flow before capital settles like others and so it was a little back end loaded in the third quarter. So there was less of it in the third quarter than we'll see in the fourth quarter. There's some capital that needs to be spent in the fourth quarter and into the first quarter for some things which we'll use some of the money. The business just depends on really oil prices, the volatility in the business. So I think we're talking about $300 million of free cash. And then it could be as much as $1 billion depending on oil prices sort of in the $70s.
Stephen I. Chazen: We're now discussing among ourselves as to what that number might be. So under $1 billion I think. But we don't know whether it's $700 million or $800 million or $900 million. Because things keep getting better, that's why we're slow in giving you these answers because we just don't know, and we don't want to mislead you.
Guy Allen Baber: Thank you all for fitting me in here. I had a follow-up question on some of the earlier questions around capital spending flexibility into 2016. And I apologize if I missed this earlier, but can you just help us understand the amount of capital spending currently being dedicated to the portion of your MENA program that you deem as non-core? Just trying to understand the opportunity set for the potential spending reductions there that you might be pursuing.
Guy Allen Baber: Okay. Thanks. And then Al Hosn ramping up faster than expected on the production front. Can you discuss that outperformance? And then also can you address the contributions during the quarter from a cash flow perspective? And really trying to understand the timing of the cash flow contributions there and what the peak cash flow contributions are in this environment. Obviously it's difficult to predict given the sulfur exposure and the less transparency on some of the pricing.
Guy Allen Baber: Okay, great. That's helpful, Steve. And then last one for me. You mentioned exiting 2015 with Permian Resources production of around 120,000 barrels a day. So on over $2 billion of CapEx this year, you're obviously growing that business very significantly. Do you have an estimate of the level of spending that could hold that 120,000 flat through next year? Just trying to understand how that compares to the $2 billion plus you're spending this year that's driving considerable growth.
