Kenneth Dillon: Thanks, Jody, and good morning, everyone. We had a strong year in the international business with our achievements summarized on slide 24. The focus of the business during 2017 was twofold. First priority was cash generation which the upstream business delivered to the tune of over $1 billion in free cash flow. Second priority was continuing to develop a pipeline of potential projects in our core countries. This inventory is focused on strong returns for OXY and our partners. It builds upon our operational excellence in our core countries, including the use of the latest 3-D seismic technology and drilling successes in Oman and Colombia. Our major projects continue to be delivered on-time and on-budget as shown on slide 26. And we did all of this while achieving the best international HES performance in OXY's history. There are a number of topics that I'd like to mention today. First is the debottlenecking of the Al Hosn Gas plant which will begin during the first quarter and be completed in the second quarter 2018. Last year, during our annual turnaround, we were able to optimize the gas plant for no additional capital. This contributed to the increase in production from 64,000 BOE per day in 2016 to 71,000 BOE per day in 2017. This year during the turnaround, we will debottleneck the plant for an additional 11% in production from fourth quarter 2017 to third quarter 2018 for only $10 million of capital. This debottlenecking will bring the cumulative expansion versus the original plan to approximately 30%, as shown on slide 25. Production during the first quarter will be approximately 59,000 BOE per day, and we will achieve a peak rate of approximately 83,000 BOE per day in the third quarter. We're able to achieve this by utilizing a new patent-pending process to modify the inlets to the plants absorbers. Next, I'd like to talk about the continued consolidation of our position in Northern Oman. We successfully renewed our Block 9 contract and we recently signed an exploration and production sharing contract for Block 30, which enhances our position. We see opportunities for gas production in the area and synergies with our adjacent position in Block 62. I'd like to highlight the performance of several projects in Colombia. In December, we reached a milestone of 45,000 barrels a day at the La Cira-Infantas field. This was achieved just ahead of the 100th anniversary of the discovery well, and we're excited about the continued development of the field. The TECA Steamflood pilot continues to exceed our expectations, and a development project will be moving towards sanction this year. The project exceeds our international economic hurdle rates. Both of these projects are excellent examples of our organization's expertise in enhancing the recoveries of mature and complex fields. Lastly, we've been successful with our step-out drilling programs in Oman and Colombia, which have added over 50 million barrels of net resource in the two countries. I'd like to thank the team for its disciplined work and commitment to safety. We're very pleased with how the business performed in 2017 and excited about the opportunities in our pipeline. I will now turn the call back to Vicki.
Kenneth Dillon: Yes, just to follow on from Jody, on the international side, same drivers for us internationally, market forces and OXY in-house technology, we still see deflation continuing in drilling and completion arena at the moment, mainly because of the discipline of the NOCs and IOCs in this market, but also the entry of some new competition in the various product lines. We rolled out OXY Drilling Dynamics 3.0 at the start of 2018, we're making modifications to our drilling rig fleets and hardware, software and data analytics. If you look year-on-year in Oman North and in Colombia, we've reduced costs in Oman North by 12% and 26% in Colombia in these product lines. And if you look over the last three years for ourselves and our partners, we've saved over $420 million in the drilling and completion side and we're hoping that, that will continue this year.
Kenneth Dillon: Yes. Part of our focus this year is picking up on the exploration wells and step-out wells that we did last year. We've added 50 million barrels of net resource. Our goal is to call these up this year, get them online. So some of the capital in Colombia will go towards that.
Kenneth Dillon: I think the best way to answer is to look at our production last year. In Q1 2017 – since Q1 2017, our production's remained steady quarter-by-quarter. That's thanks to a lot of work in the field and excellent collaboration with our partner Ecopetrol and the full support of the Colombian government, and we're planning to continue with the same approaches in 2018.
Kenneth Dillon: I think it's basically a variation on the answer I gave a moment ago. Our production from our areas is basically steady at the moment. And it's mainly as a result of the work that we've done with the government and with Ecopetrol. We're not seeing major impacts on our fields at the moment.
Kenneth Dillon: Yeah, I think as you can see from the map on slide 24, Block 30 fits perfectly into the Oman North jigsaw. There's currently three discovery wells on the block and two reservoirs that we're completely familiar with due to the work in the other blocks. We have the same approach internationally as we have domestically. The goal is value, not just driving up production. So the short-term plans are basically to reprocess the existing seismic on the block, come up with a development plan and start drilling probably towards the end of this year, and have some production next year. So relatively small amounts of capital invested this year, mainly study work and coming up with a value-based development plan.
Vicki A. Hollub: Thank you, Ken. I'd like to close by commenting on executive compensation since we've been engaging with the investment community on this topic. We have expanded the use of returns-based metrics for executive incentive compensation. The changes will impact both our short and long-term incentives by incorporating cash return on capital employed as a key performance target, with a short-term target of 18% and a long-term target of 20%. At our 2018 target compensation level, cash return on capital employed-based compensation will comprise about 20% of the total. This policy is consistent with our historical practices at OXY and improves alignment with our shareholders. We'll now open it up for your questions.
Vicki A. Hollub: Well, we prefer dividends, because the dividends are given directly to the shareholders, and it's often hard to predict the impact of the share repurchases. But we have done a lot of share repurchases over time, as we showed you in the graph, but the way we kind of look at it is we do it when we think it makes the most sense and adds the most value. And we sort of do that calculation by looking at the value of the Chemical and Midstream businesses and taking that from the total value of the company, but including debt and cash levels, then you divide that by your total proved reserves. Then when you compare that to your finding and development cost for the projects that you're in and, in that scenario, we would go today investing more in the projects that we're doing. But with that said, in those scenarios where we have incremental cash, and we don't want to accelerate our pace of development because that would potentially destroy value, in those scenarios, assuming our stock is a little bit lower than normal, those would be scenarios that we buy shares back into the company, and you've seen us do that. So that would be something that we certainly would consider doing. We never want to talk about it in advance, because we don't want to let others know that we're doing it. We want to make sure that we eliminate the potential of others buying our stock as we've talked about buying it back. So we think this approach, as we consider that limits our natural bias to think that the stock's always undervalued and it makes the calculation pretty straightforward.
Vicki A. Hollub: Well, once we get to the breakeven plan, we're still going to go back to our original 5% to 8% growth. We're forecasting 8% to 12% this year but next year in 2019, we'll target the 5% to 8% growth. And targeting that growth with our dividend means that we'll certainly be able to reduce our CapEx below where it is today and back more toward the $3.4 billion to $3.45 billion range.
Vicki A. Hollub: Well, certainly for our core assets, we're satisfied with where we are. The only thing that we're continuing to do is look for things, assets that are way out in the inventory and the Permian. So things that we can't get to any time soon, and when I say soon that's like 10 to 15 years, or that's non-strategic for us, we would certainly consider to sell or monetize, anything that's non-core for us and, of course, we still have the Plains units that we can monetize.
Vicki A. Hollub: So I want to thank you all for your questions, and I'd like to leave you with three takeaways from our call. First, we're ahead of schedule with our breakeven plan, but we're still focused on optimizing delivery across all of our businesses. And second, we're disciplined in our reinvestment and we'll provide additional security to our dividend through net debt reduction. Lastly, our expanded use of returns-based incentive metrics align our executive comp with shareholder priorities. So we're looking forward to the rest of 2018. Thank you for joining our call, and have a good day.
Joseph C. Elliott: Yes, Roger. Good morning. This is Jody. It's really a combination of both. If you look at lateral length in 2017, it's about a 10% increase in overall lateral length. But our productivity improvement is on the order of 20%. And you have to remember this is based on a six-month cumulative, so a lot of the good wells that came online in the back half of the year aren't yet included in that improvement number. So it's a little bit lateral length, but a lot about, again, how we land these wells, the flow unit work that we do to optimize where we place them, and then continued completion design changes to increase stimulated rock volume. But it's a combination of both, but more performance-driven than lateral length-driven.
Joseph C. Elliott: I don't know if I can throw a number out. I mean, I get surprised every day with the improvements our teams continue to make. And I see some of the technology things we're working, whether it's in the execution side or on the completion side, and I still think there's more ahead. We've got some new frac designs coming out this quarter in Greater Sand Dunes, and I think those are going to lead to even better rates. And in addition to better rates, I think we're reducing our issues with offset frac hits and having to shut wells in because of doing frac work nearby. So not only are we trying to improve performance, we're trying to minimize the base production that's already online.
Joseph C. Elliott: Hey, Brian. This is Jody. The slide 53 is one example of a well type in New Mexico. It's a 2nd Bone Spring 10,000-foot well. It's a three-string design, assumes 2,000 pounds per foot in the completion, includes everything, its hookup, flowback, first artificial lift, capitalized overhead, so it's an all-in capital cost. We see pressure on inflation, obviously. It's probably in the 5% range in the drilling area and more like 10% to 15% in the completion space. But with securing our resources in 2017, we're separating sand from pumping service and now with the startup of Aventine in 2018, we see our ability to offset and even drive down cost in an inflationary period. This is something we started a couple of years ago when we looked back at what really drove our improvements back then, and anticipating an inflationary cycle, what would we do different. So we focused on maintaining time to market, securing supply, securing resources, working the things that drive time to market because they're a much bigger part of the equation than just unit cost. And I could talk for a long time about Aventine, but there's a lot of things in place not just sand delivery but oil country tubular goods on rail instead of truck, the OxyChem hydrochloric acid facility, our work with Schlumberger there, a new sand delivery system for the last mile logistics that will drive down trucking and reduce the number of people required on location. So I'm just naming off a few. There's a long list of things that we believe continue to improve the cost structure, the capital intensity of our work in the unconventional business.
Joseph C. Elliott: Yes, we've baked in kind of flat from where we are today. So I think there's upside opportunity as we work through this next generation of technology. So some of those are in there that's in our flat assumption, but we're just getting started with Aventine.
Joseph C. Elliott: Yeah, it's 1st Bone Spring, Avalon, 2nd Bone Spring Lower in New Mexico, 2nd Bone, 3rd Bone, Wolfcamp C and Greater Barilla Draw. Greater Barilla Draw is 50,000 net acres, so success in those other benches really gives you a lot of scale to work with.
Joseph C. Elliott: Yeah, Phil. It's Jody. So in Resources, we exited fourth quarter with OpEx of $7.63. We expect operating expense in 2018 to be below $7, more like $6.75. We'll exit 2018 below $6. So that additional production growth will continue to drive down Resources OpEx. On the EOR side there's two components. The fundamental – the things we control on rig work and those kind of things is pretty flat. The two things that move with oil price, one is there's some CO2 contracts that are indexed to oil price, or part of the contract is indexed to oil price. So as oil price goes up, the cost of CO2 goes up. The other is we're injecting about almost 3% more CO2 this year in 2018 than we will in 2017. As you know we've started a new flood and we've expanded several others, and so that's consuming the CO2 on the front end, and obviously the production comes as you go through the lifecycle of those projects.
Joseph C. Elliott: Sure. Be glad to talk about both. So the EOR work in the unconventional space, when you look at primary production, you're recovering 8%, 10% of the production. So there's a tremendous resource there. So the objective or the challenge is how can we increase that materially and do it economically. And so with either CO2 injection or miscible gas injection, both in the lab and in the trials in the field, we've demonstrated we can recover incremental oil. And it doesn't behave like the traditional conventional CO2 flood where you inject then you push oil to the producers and it's a long cycle project. The oil recovery is actually quite quick, so it has a short cycle nature to it. So the objective is to continue to do pilots and understand how we take it from pilot to full scale, and then how that affects development plans in the unconventional space going forward.
Joseph C. Elliott: Your matrix permeability is micro. It's not matrix. It's a function of the unconventional geology and whether you're in a sandstone or whether you're in a shale, so the behavior's different. That's all part of the learning that we'll talk about more as we're ready to disclose more of the details.
Joseph C. Elliott: With regard to Aventine, Aventine is multiple companies at that site. So Aventine is set up to support Greater New Mexico, all the way from Turkey Track and then our Greater Sand Dunes area. And so it's pumping service, it's oil country tubular goods, it's sand transload, sand delivery. It's a new sand last mile logistics system called SANDSTORM. It's the OxyChem ACL facility, and that's just where we're starting. With Schlumberger, it's frac, it's drilling tools, it's cementing, and it's providing logistics improvements by the location. In the Texas Delaware – so you treat each area based on what the current infrastructure is. In the Texas Delaware, it's really more about securing transload. And so we don't have the full scale buildout of an Aventine-like facility, but we have transload secured. It's closer to the regional sands in Texas. Our sand provider has a regional sand mine that will be opening shortly, and so we'll take advantage of that in the Texas Delaware. And in the Midland Basin, really, the infrastructure is pretty good; it's just really securing supply of sand. To give you just a couple of stats on the New Mexico impact, you think about the proximity of that to the well sites. It's a 60% reduction in the number of miles driven. You go from almost 20 million miles to 8 million miles. And then, when you put in the new SANDSTORM system that we're starting up this year, we can haul 27 tons of sand per load versus 22 tons. You do that math, that drives another 1.3 million miles out of the equation. So it's 33,000 fewer truckloads over a five-year period. It also reduces 9,000 metric tons of CO2. You think about accident statistics. It will improve our safety. And then, the new SANDSTORM system, that's really the last mile part of this, reduces the number of people required on-site, because of the automated nature of the way it works. So that SANDSTORM technology would apply both in New Mexico, Texas Delaware and Midland. And then, the logistics hub design and complexity varies as you move across those three areas as well.
Joseph C. Elliott: Yeah. Pavel, this is Jody. In 2017, our oil cuts were kind of on the 60% – right around 60% and it actually increases a little bit to 61% for total of 2018. So your mix stays about the same.
Joseph C. Elliott: Yeah, you can kind of look at it two different ways, you can look at wells online, you can look at rig count. If you look at wells online, it's about 55% in New Mexico, 30% in the Texas Delaware, and about 15% of the wells in Midland. And that probably stays fairly consistent throughout the next couple of years. From a rig – we're running 11 rigs operated, again, that's about 6 in New Mexico, 4 in Texas Delaware and a rig or 2 in Midland, so I don't see that changing drastically. But again, we're continuing to develop inventory, learn new things. Turkey Track's a great example. We thought we had a single bench 2nd Bone Spring development there. Turns out we've got two. So as we learn more and we change how we think about our inventory, obviously, that could adjust. And I want to go back to Phil's question, he asked about OpEx and EOR. It's about $19 a barrel.
