Vicki A. Hollub: Thank you, Jody. As you can see, our business performance has put us in a remarkable position. We provide an industry-leading shareholder distribution yield through our dividend and buyback programs while delivering valuable long-term growth from incremental investment in high-return organic projects. We're committed to delivering this value proposition to our shareholders within cash flow. We've built a leading position in the Permian with the best wells, technology, excess takeaway capacity, export capabilities, and supply and services security. This combined with the outperformance of our other businesses is why we're so confident that our actions will enable us to extend our industry leadership and shareholder returns. We'll now open it up for questions.
Vicki A. Hollub: Thank you, Doug, for the question. The reality is and the way we do our business is we try to pace our developments so that we maximize net present value and return on capital employed. So as you guys have seen, we've had developments going on in certain areas. And for each development area, we build to ensure that we can maximize the value over the long term, which means that we don't build infrastructure for peak production. We build it for the life of the development area. We wanted to get to our Breakeven Plan to get to that milestone as quickly as we could. That was a key milestone for us, so we accelerated our pace to a level that we felt was the maximum before we started to destroy value. So the pace that we've been on up to this point was a pace that was driven by our commitment to return on capital employed. That's why we haven't gone faster getting to this Breakeven Plan. Now, however, we have some additional development areas which is driving the pace that we're going to increase to in the second half of this year. So rather than ramp down, we'll increase to ensure that we can cover these new development areas that Jody is going to talk about probably in a little more detail later. So the pace for us is always driven by ensuring we never get out in front of our technology, that we never go at too fast a pace, we never overbuild infrastructure, and that has always dictated our pace. And so we feel like that with lower capital than some of our peers, we've actually delivered more. And we've not only delivered more in terms of production in some cases, but also in terms of value, and we're going to continue to stay focused on value. Going forward, our additional development areas as they come into play, that could increase our capital as we go forward, but it's always going to be at a pace that maximizes returns. And you're right, not only about our Permian peers, but if you look at the companies that are operating that maybe don't even have Permian production, that have development in our areas, our total capital now, not only is our capital in the Permian Resources now more similar to our peers, but our capital overall is similar to our proxy peers that are of close size to us. So we think that we started the year a little bit under capital, but at the pace that we felt would maximize our returns.
Vicki A. Hollub: We expect growth that would be similar to the activity level that you'll see in Permian Resources in the second half of this year, so the growth levels should be for our Permian Resources business probably in the high 30s.
Vicki A. Hollub: One thing we were doing is watching commodity prices, watching the volatility around the world, and staying and getting pretty comfortable with the incremental development areas that we're going to expand into. So a lot of it is around ensuring that as we go into the second half that we'll still be able to see returns that are at least where we were and maybe in excess now, because we've done a lot of really good work. We feel comfortable with what we're doing. We've always talked about and tried to share with people that the plan we put together was based on a $50 plan. We actually start our planning process usually midyear, and then by December, we're ready to present it to the board. And as we were doing that last year, we were seeing $50, and it wasn't really until toward December or January that prices started to go up a bit. And so starting at that pace, we were, as I mentioned earlier, a bit under capital versus our peers. And then accelerating and getting to the Breakeven Plan early was driven by the efficiency improvements that we saw. So it was a combination of seeing the efficiency improvements, getting comfortable that we were going to be in a better than $60 environment for the full year, and gaining some confidence that 2019 is also going to be in a similar environment, because the reason for the ramp down, as we said, was to ensure that we always spend within cash flow. And so thinking that, when we prepared the plan at $50 that we didn't know what 2019 would look like, so we didn't want to go into 2019 at a higher pace and risk outspending cash flow because that is our commitment beyond the achievement of the Breakeven Plan.
Vicki A. Hollub: That was not a driver for us. The driver really is to develop – to do the upstream development that delivers better than 75%. So first we plan based on what the development itself will deliver. Secondarily, we look at what's happening with the takeaway capacity. So we have, as you know, so much that we weren't really trying to fill it to move others out.
Vicki A. Hollub: The reason that we want to buy back shares is we want to reduce our share count. We want to have the capability and capacity over time to grow our dividend in a more meaningful way, while at the same time we have to be conscious of the fact that investment in our Permian Resources business, our organic growth delivers better returns than the buybacks. So the buybacks really are specifically to help us with our dividend growth over time.
Vicki A. Hollub: Over time, we do want to pick up more conventional activity and projects. We actually have some of the incremental in our capital allocation is going to the Central Basin platform in EOR to drill horizontal wells and conventional reservoirs. So we'll do some things to work on mitigating the decline of the Permian Resources business. Some of our work in international, which I'll let Ken describe here in a minute, is also going to address that same thing. So we'll let Ken address that, and then we'll come back to the share buyback issue.
Vicki A. Hollub: In 2019, we expect to exceed the growth rate we're seeing this year with a strong program. That's assuming that commodity prices stay where they are today. The slide that we have in the deck is not telling you that that's exactly what we'll do in 2019. But if we see the same market situation and all other things are similar, then we could spend in a $60 environment between $5 billion and $5.3 billion. We expect that would deliver a better growth rate than what we're seeing this year overall for the corporation. I think we're going to see healthy growth beyond that as well because of what we see in the Permian Basin. Having the inventory that we do, we've recently signaled that we do expect to be able to grow better than the 8% on average on an annual basis. So you could start to model out what you'll see next year from that sort of program, and going forward would be better than 8%.
Vicki A. Hollub: What we're trying to do is drive toward increasing our cash flow so we can increase our dividend. Currently, the payout ratio is still at a higher level than what we've seen historically. So part of the reason for ensuring that we increase our cash flow, increase our return on capital employed, is to continue to build on our value proposition and make sure that we strengthen all aspects of that. As I said earlier, getting to the breakeven milestone – breakeven and neutral milestones really were to get us to a point where we can do exactly what we're doing now, further strengthen not only the balance sheet but our cash flow, our returns. And through doing that, we think that we could then start to grow the dividend again. We don't want to get to a payout ratio that gets us away from being able to be cash flow neutral at $40 and breakeven at $50. So that's really the parameters that are driving what we do with it. So buying back shares, increasing cash flow gives us the ability to start growing it more than we've done over the last few years.
Vicki A. Hollub: No, we don't feel like it's an issue. We currently are getting all of our gas out. We occasionally have short-term bottlenecks, as the industry has faced in the Permian. The way we've addressed that in the past, though, is with the enterprise 50:50 joint venture plant construction that we had a few years ago. When we see that there are going to be long-term issues for us, what we'll do is we have the capability – retained the capability to build infrastructure or to partner with others to ensure that the infrastructure is installed to be able to manage all of our products, so not just oil but gas and NGLs as well.
Vicki A. Hollub: We've done a little bit of that. And what we try to do is balance a little bit of long-term to ensure that we can manage the downside risk. But we also feel that over the long term, we want to keep some of that flexible so that we can take advantage of periods like this where the differentials are high. We think we're going to continue to see cycles where both situations will exist, where we'll reap strong benefits as we're doing now, but there will also be times when we see the other side of that. So we have put together some contracts during this period that will protect us on the downside but without value destruction.
Vicki A. Hollub: I'll start out and let Cedric finish it. But it really goes back to basing it around being cash flow breakeven at $50 and cash flow neutral at $40. As we continue to grow our cash flow through increased production, we will be able to start to lower those breakeven and neutral points. As we start to lower those and buy back shares, that gives us the capacity to continue to grow the dividend. We've looked at that, and that's part of the reason for what we're doing today and where we're trying to head, but it's going to be dictated by that and can be modeled.
Vicki A. Hollub: The Centurion pipeline and the Ingleside export terminal, Southeast New Mexico gathering system, we've never considered those necessarily to be core to our business. We just need the capacity on those. Similar to what we did with BridgeTex a few years ago, we partnered with Magellan to build the BridgeTex line. Prior to that, differentials were going up to $10. We did that to ensure that we could manage the differentials back down. We didn't need to own the line to get the benefit of it, but we had to help build it to make sure it happened. We've done that in some of our international locations as well to build pipelines to ensure we could get our products to market. We've really never felt that we had to own Centurion or the export terminal. We happened into an opportunity where it was a win-win for us and the buyers. The buyers get quality assets that deliver solid returns. We get cash flow that we can now use to get even better returns for our upstream business and to buy back some shares. So it was opportunistic in that there was a buyer that had a need and got that, and we had the opportunity to do something that can help us to achieve our goals on both ends, organic growth and buybacks.
Vicki A. Hollub: It is. Those returns are – they're certainly the best in our business. We do have some international projects that compete with that as well, and that's why we're doing some of those. But the returns we're getting in the Permian, especially with the way the teams have increased efficiencies and increased well productivity, this is just an opportunity to get and to rebuild our return on capital employed back to the point where we're a leader in that.
Vicki A. Hollub: I just wanted to build on the last question because of the fact that I think it's critically important for people to know where we've been, the path we've been on, and why we're doing what we do, that this all ties together. I won't repeat our story again about our portfolio optimization. But back in 2013, we had a really good history of delivering return on capital employed. From 2008 to 2013, we averaged close to 15%. That was the third best in our proxy peer group and the only two that beat us were major oil companies. There were no E&P companies that were beating the returns we were getting. We saw that we had some projects in our portfolio that could never meet our metrics, so we made the decision that, since it was a part of our value proposition, very important to us, the key metric that we use, we started the process of optimizing that portfolio, exiting those, and focusing on the Permian Resources business, which we had begun to realize was of a huge scale, high-quality, high-return projects. So we exited 40% of our production from 2013 to 2015. And to rebuild that cash flow that we lost from those lower-margin lower-return projects, we depended on the Permian Resources business to do that. It has done that. It's gotten us to what we consider to be just the first milestone; that is, the cash flow neutrality at $40 and breakeven at $50. We went at a pace that we felt was appropriate to maximize return on capital employed as we were doing that and replacing our cash flow. That worked out well for us. But to get it really where we need it to be, this is the next phase. The next phase is this year's capital program is a key part of getting us to where we need to be. Going into 2019, if market conditions are similar, we'll have a similar program. That will get us back in a leadership role. We will then be able to, I believe, exceed what any of our peers are doing, and that's what this is all about. It has nothing to do with price. It's back to our value proposition. It's back to ensuring that ultimately by focusing our return on capital employed, we can grow our cash flow, value-adding cash flow, and that we can then begin to grow our dividend again in a more meaningful way. This all fits together. It's all about the value proposition. And this is an opportunity that we have worked hard for the last five years to get to. We're there now and we're ready to execute on it, and it's an opportunity that we just can't miss. And I think for our shareholders, it's certainly the right thing to do. And I appreciate all your questions today to help us get our story out, and we'll be talking with all of you over the next month or so, and then we'll see you at Barclays. So I very much appreciate it. Thank you, bye.
Joseph C. Elliott: Hey, Brian. This is Jody. We see continued improvement in well performance. We continue to do more and more integration of seismic activity into our targeting and our well designs. We've got a new well design in the Texas Delaware area that's allowing us to both drill faster and complete in a more optimum way. So we expect the wells to continue to get better. With regard to spacing, we're probably more conservative than most in our spacing assumptions because we're so focused on returns and the net present value of each of these sections that we develop. And so we do a lot of modeling. We've done a lot of testing on spacing. So this isn't about downsizing and having parent/child interference issues. We take that into account and design for that as we go in. So hopefully, that answers your question, Brian.
Joseph C. Elliott: Jason, this is Jody. Both of those areas we're seeing really positive results. The Hoban is associated with the Wolfcamp A. We've done a lot of delineation work, seismic work to understand is that one big thick area that we can prosecute with a single well in a large frac, or do we need to put two wells and two different flow units and then optimize the frac to that. So what we're seeing, very good results, and I think it will add inventory in that area. In New Mexico, I think there's even a stronger story in the Red Tank/Lost Tank area. That's proximal to a few wells that here recently in the Permian are probably the largest that have been drilled. We see multiple benches. We've had some appraisal wells drilled there. We're very encouraged both in the Sand Dunes proper area. And in Red Tank/Lost Tank, we see continued improvement in Tier 1, both the quality of the existing wells that are in the inventory and adding more inventory. So we're very excited about that. In that capital spend increase that we talked about, about $400 million this year of the $900 million is going toward that kind of activity. That activity is the portion that will generate most of the production increase starting in – showing up in 2019 of approximately 17,000 barrels a day.
Joseph C. Elliott: Aventine is a big part of this. We went live with Aventine earlier in the year. We have probably about 50% penetration of the sand and the sand delivery systems in our business, so there's still more opportunity to improve the other frac cores that are operating. Schlumberger finishes their facility end of September or early October, so we'll begin taking full advantage of that relationship on multiple product lines. On the drilling side, there's slide 36 in the back that talks about our feet-per-day improvements from 2017 to 2018. So just a couple of facts on Aventine, we've moved 230,000 tons of sand through there since we've started, but it's also helped us with ensuring we've got supply, so it's both cost and supply. The sand delivery system, Sandstorm that we talk about, has really had a big impact on trucking. The sand system hauls more sand per truck. We've avoided 450,000 miles already of trucking. So you think about the tightness in labor, that really helps in that area. The amount of time it takes to unload sand when your location has been reduced by 50%, and again, we still have more cores that will take advantage of this system as we finish out the year. So we're real excited about how not just Aventine but the work our drilling and completion engineers are doing to optimize wells, and the process will continue to drive efficiency. And any inflation or tariff impacts, those kinds of things get offset with this efficiency improvement.
Joseph C. Elliott: I think we highlighted one of the cores in New Mexico pumped 240 stages in a month, so we are seeing that improvement. Again, when you look back at the capital increase we're talking about, if you go through slide 22, some of that additional spending is exactly what you're talking about. We've improved time-to-market. We're getting more done with the same resources. That just brings capital forward. So we are seeing that kind of impact. And if you spend some time on that slide, you'll see that there are positive things that are driving the increased capital, more working interest, better time-to-market. And so it's really a cash return on capital employed accretive activity by spending this additional capital in Permian Resources.
Joseph C. Elliott: Leo, the simple answer is it's a tapered well design. But I won't go into a whole lot of specifics there, but it allows us to drill faster, run pipe faster, complete the well faster, have larger flowback in artificial lift equipment, which improves drawdown over the life of the well, but it's framed around a tapered production string design.
Cedric W. Burgher: Brian, this is Cedric. I'm going to chime in for a second on the buyback. We're excited to be re-engaging in a more meaningful way with respect to the buyback. As you know, we have a long history of doing that, took a hiatus during the downturn, but we're excited to be in a position to do that. We've put out there $2 billion-plus as a target over the next 12 to 18 months. As we've said before, we like an opportunistic approach, so we're looking at value and we're looking at returns. We've got good models that we think, certainly not perfect stock pickers, but we like the idea of choosing the timing of when we invest in our stock. We think we have a good track record there, and we look forward to deploying some capital there. And as you know, the numbers we've given you don't add up to the $5 billion. We've got a lot that we're able to put on the balance sheet. We do want to keep a strong balance sheet. However, that also gives us more flexibility to go beyond the $2 billion over time should we choose, but we're going to pace ourselves. Maybe days like today are going to give us a good opportunity to be in the market buying our shares, and we look forward to doing that.
Cedric W. Burgher: Okay, sure. On the tax, we do expect to gain. We'll have more on that. Of course, it's expected to close in the third quarter and we've got some things to finalize there to get a precise amount. But if you look at our 10-Q, you can see assets held for sale, it's predominantly the Midstream assets. It's not exact, but it's close if you're just trying to get ballpark. But we're going to have – we have continued NOLs or tax attributes we can use to offset the gain, and we won't be in a cash tax position for some time, as you correctly stated. Our effective rate also, we've outlined that in my earlier remarks, but expect it to be in the back half of the year in the high 20s. And over time, we would expect to use up those tax attributes and then go to a cash tax position, but it still looks like it's going to be several years out. It obviously depends on commodity prices and a lot of other variables. In terms of other assets for sale, we're always looking to refine our portfolio, but we don't have any new news for you. We've given you the news of the day. And I'd say at this point, we have a really good core business on all the verticals that you can look at. And we're reinvesting in that and think we can grow within the business that we have.
Cedric W. Burgher: So obviously a lower price environment is, especially if that means lower share price environment, I certainly like the idea of investing our capital then. That's really what we're thinking about. If it's a lower commodity price environment, obviously those two tend to track together somewhat. But on a lower commodity price, we have, as Vicki mentioned, the ability to ramp down, and our plan works at $40. We think that is the answer for the industry. You need to be a low-cost producer, and I think very few can make those statements. But at $40-plus, we can ramp down within a six-month plus or minus time period and be within cash flow. So really, now that we've achieved that Breakeven Plan, we're in a position to balance our spending within cash flow pretty much at any commodity price. And then so the excess cash we're seeing for this year is really what we're targeting for reinvestment in shares, that $2 billion or so. That's cash that's not in the bank today but it's darn close. Beyond that, talking about a lower price environment, we've got that flexibility to make those share repurchases in a lower price environment.
Cedric W. Burgher: The other thing I'd mention on that, Roger, is on slide 13, which we've talked about, we put on there the dividend payout ratio in those little boxes above the bars, and it just shows a couple of things. One is we aren't where we were historically, well below 20%. And so, however, it also shows how much progress we've made in just the last year or so, so it's doing everything that we've talked about. It's focusing on returns. That trumps everything. But by doing that, you're allowing yourself to grow and grow your coverage ratio, improve your payout ratio. And so we don't have an exact number. We're not going to put ourselves in a box that way. We'd love to degree the dividend. We do grow it; we grow it every year. It's just at a modest rate in the last few years. We look forward to growing it more meaningfully, as we've done in the past. But the buybacks will help on that as will reinvesting at high returns. And the combination over time will get that payout ratio more like it has been in the past, and that will set us up for more meaningful dividend growth.
Roger D. Read: Good morning, thanks. Maybe to follow up on Pavel's question about ultimate dividend growth, do you have, Vicki, an idea, or Cedric, of maybe where production needs to be to support dividend growth? And let's just say assuming recent or current oil prices as the paradigm there.
Roger D. Read: Okay, that's helpful. Thanks. And then, Jody, if I could change direction to you, you mentioned as part of the CapEx increase some of the efficiencies that you've recognized this year. Can you give us an idea of maybe some of the things specifically you've seen in the way of efficiencies and how those are carrying along? I'm thinking not just on the drilling side, but well completions and maybe the impacts of Aventine at this point.
Roger D. Read: Nothing quite like tariffs, maybe a very specific question on the productivity. There was another company that doesn't operate in the Permian but mentioned on their call earlier that the amount of stages they were getting done on a daily basis were running ahead of their budget. And I was just curious in the Permian relative to budget on stage completions per day or per well if you were seeing an improvement in productivity there.
Roger D. Read: I appreciate that. I was just going to try to get you to draw it out between budget and actual, but we've got to try what we've got to try.
