Jeff Alvarez: Thank you, Brandon. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in Occidental Petroleum's Third Quarter 2019 Conference Call. On the call with us today are Vicki Hollub, President and Chief Executive Officer; Cedric Burgher, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ken Dillon, President, International Oil and Gas Operations; BJ Hebert, President of OxyChem; and Oscar Brown, Senior Vice President, Strategy, Business Development and Integrated Supply. In just a moment, I will turn the call over to Vicki.  As a reminder, today's conference call contains certain projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in these statements or more fully described in our cautionary statement regarding forward-looking statements on Slide 2. Our earnings press release, the Investor Relations supplemental schedules and our non-GAAP to GAAP reconciliations and the conference call presentation slides can be downloaded off our website at www.oxy.com.  I'll now turn the call over to Vicki. Vicki, please go ahead.
Jeff Alvarez: Yes. So domestically, of our 14 million acres, 2 million of that is federal, but half of that is offshore. So if you think of onshore, about 1 million acres is federal. And if you go to the Permian, about 270,000 acres across the Permian. And then if you continue to narrow that down into the Delaware Basin, that's where people want to talk about the most, approximately 20% of our acreage in the Delaware Basin is on federal land. And if you look at the DJ, it's less than 1%. It's very, very small there.
Jeff Alvarez: Yes. So to add, Michael, I mean to your point, and Vicki commented in our script, we do expect 2021 plus the capital intensity to be in the low 20s. So as synergies flow through and all that, we expect that to be in that level as we go forward. And if you spend time -- I know going through with our Permian resources leadership, they've got very, very definitive goals to drive it down from there. So I do think that is our new normal.
Jeff Alvarez: Yes. So that's the point. As the base gets bigger and that you have less of those new high-decline barrels coming on, that base decline actually improves as you head into 2020.
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Cedric. As a leader in our industry, Oxy must drive improvement on all fronts, including reducing emissions. In the coming quarters, we will provide updates on the progress our Low Carbon Ventures business is making and supplying anthropogenic or man-made CO2 to the Permian for the purpose of carbon utilization and sequestration. While Low Carbon Ventures is leading our strategy to produce the lowest carbon barrel of oil, we are also reducing greenhouse gas emissions. We are doing so by working to eliminate routine flaring, monitoring infrastructure for methane emissions and reducing miles driven by transporting supplies into the Permian via rail through our Aventine Logistics Hub. On an annualized basis, we reduced 1.9 million truck miles per year, which is equivalent to 1,700 metric tons of CO2 reductions.  Also in this quarter, in the Permian Basin, we brought online the largest solar facility in the state of Texas that directly supports oil and gas operations. The latest publicly available emissions data shows that on a like-for-like basis, Oxy is a leader in greenhouse gas emission intensity in the Permian. While we are pleased to be ahead of peers on this metric, we are not satisfied with where we are, and we're committed to continue working on reducing emissions across all of our assets.  Going to Slide 23. To Oxy, being an innovative and sustainable energy leader means maintaining leadership in each area that we operate. Our teams are relentlessly focused on value creation through the application of advanced technical excellence, applied technology, breakthrough innovation and operations and capital execution, all of which helped to make us a lower-cost operator and will translate into higher-margin free cash flow growth. The cash will be used to delever the near term and to return more cash to shareholders through a balance of our dividend and share repurchases in the future.  Sustainability also means planning for the future, which we do through the lens of a best-in-class operator with an unmatched portfolio of world-class assets. Our focused portfolio includes multiple decades of high-return, short-to-medium cycle development opportunities that will include primary, secondary and tertiary recovery options. The diversity of our enhanced portfolio strengthens our strategy to operate profitably in a low-carbon world. The combination of technical and operations excellence applied over a vast set of diverse assets and a strategy to lower our carbon footprint sets us apart from other energy companies. This will enable us to further strengthen our value proposition and ensure our success and sustainability long into the future.  In closing, I want to stress how much potential our newly combined company now has in terms of what we can achieve both financially and operationally. There is much to look forward to for our shareholders and for Oxy.  And now we'll open it up for questions, and while we're lining up the questions, I do want to give a shout-out to our DJ Basin team for also achieving record production. Our DJ Basin team achieved almost 301,000 barrels a day just here recently, so we're excited about what they're doing and the improvements they're making and the commitment they have to operational excellence.  Now we'll move to the first question.
Vicki Hollub: Well, what we baked into our synergy targets were the things that we knew about, the things that we could see. And in the Permian Basin, we had the data there so we knew that we had the opportunity to significantly lower cost and to do that through a combination of our drilling expertise and our subsurface characterization. So we've looked at that. Our teams have delved into that. That's why we're very, very confident of the Permian resources synergies that we've outlined. We know that we can achieve those there.  In the DJ, not only based on what we knew with respect to our Oxy drilling dynamics, we've been incredibly impressed with what the team up there is doing from a drilling perspective. They're -- and also completions. They have started to work their completions differently, and they are bringing some best practices that we believe are really advanced. We think that we can still improve that with the subsurface characterization that we've applied to the resources business. But I would say on an operational perspective, from drilling and completing, those guys are doing a great job, and they're doing a great job operationally, which is how they achieved their record production of almost 301,000 barrels here in the last couple of weeks.  So what we're really excited about is that now that we've had a chance to work together, the 2 teams, we're coming up with more synergies. The ones that we identified in my script and the ones that we had counted on initially to deliver what we expected are -- we already had a little bit more than those because we wanted a little bit of cushion to ensure that we did deliver what we said we would. But now I'm really excited about what Anadarko's expertise is bringing to the table for us. And I believe that, that's going to be exciting news when we could roll it out. What we need to do first is quantify the value that it's going to add, but we know that they have some best practices that are really important to us. One, I can tell you that's not even related to the shale is their seismic interpretation. Some of the things they're doing there are very, very impressive, and we're going to be applying that to some of our international operations.
Vicki Hollub: Well, what we have found is that the subsurface work, that's going to be pretty immediate because those guys are starting to work that now. So from a completion cost perspective, that will start happening right away. Now the results of that, the improved recovery per well, you'll see that have a bigger impact from a production standpoint next year, but we'll see the efficiency improvements in using less proppant to still manage to frac and complete more effectively. That will start happening as we start drilling on the Anadarko acreage in a big way.  The Oxy drilling dynamics, everywhere we've rolled it out, even internally, it takes a little while to get the teams used to it so that they can start to make it happen and work for them. There's always a little bit of a learning curve with that, but we do expect that we will achieve that process by the first quarter of 2020 for it to start taking hold. And so by the mid to later part of 2020, you'll start seeing, I believe, some improved drilling in the Permian, along with the efficiencies of the completions by midyear. So that by the end of the year, I'm quite confident that, that drilling and completion program will be much improved.
Vicki Hollub: Okay. I'll just say that one thing that we really want people to understand is that we are very focused. We're very intense on ensuring that we get the asset sales done because we believe we must get our debt down. That's an internal target. We talk about it every day. We're getting help throughout the entire organization because I don't think there are very many of our employees that you wouldn't walk up to and that they wouldn't be able to tell you that the highest priority we have as a company is to save every dollar that we can save and to become as efficient as we can be, as quickly as we can be, because making sure that we have the dollars either from cash flow or asset sales to lower the debt is critically important for us.  And just as when we first rolled out our plan to achieve cash flow neutrality at $40, we had a plan to do that in 2 years, and we made that promise to the shareholders. As you all know, we achieved that 6 months ahead of schedule, and we did that because our teams are incredibly focused and determined to deliver results and to deliver what we say we'll deliver. We're taking that same intensity to this debt reduction. So we are approaching asset sales very aggressively and intently. But with that said, one of the things that we're not doing is we're not compromising on the value that we can get from those assets, and so we're balancing both of those. And I feel confident that with, not only the intensity that we're approaching it, but the creativity that I hope we've shown you all in the way that we've approached the asset divestitures thus far. So we will -- there will be some creativity. There will be some things that you might not expect, but none of those we can talk about or we compromise our ability to make it happen. So I appreciate you recognizing that.  With respect to WES, I'm going to hand it over to Oscar to tell you a little bit more about how we're thinking about that.
Vicki Hollub: I will add to that. I'm really excited about the new management team at WES. They're very operationally focused, and they're working on -- that's why I said the part about picking up third-party volumes, they're really focused on improving operations and efficiencies and being a really strong competitor to other midstream businesses in the Permian.
Vicki Hollub: Todd, thank you. You just answered the question for me. So thank you for that, but it really goes more beyond just trying to get back to normal. What we really would need to look at and evaluate when we get closer to 2021 is how oil prices look, what we've achieved on the debt reduction and what we've achieved with respect to the synergies and also how well our teams are performing from an efficiency standpoint. All of those factors will be considered as we go and move toward 2021 because the reality is that we don't have to be at the 5% right away. What we wanted people to know is that, over time, the 5% is what we believe is the right growth percentage to enable us to, not only start to grow our dividend more meaningfully again, but to also be able to, at the same time, return cash to our shareholders through buybacks.
Vicki Hollub: I would say that we have aggressive internal targets, and if we haven't met those, then that would play a big role in what we do in 2021.
Vicki Hollub: What we like to do with our teams internally is let them compete for capital, and they have to compete for capital by submitting projects that can beat the Permian. And actually, we have -- we believe that some of those projects, both in Oman, Abu Dhabi, Colombia, the DJ and probably in about 2 to 3 years, the Powder River, we believe -- and Gulf of Mexico. Looking at the data that we see now and the performance that we see, the margins and the returns, our returns from almost -- from everything that we have the opportunity to invest dollars in is double digits at $40 or above. And so we have -- this is what -- this is the value of this tremendous portfolio we have today. We have lots of options. We have lots of flexibility. And what the teams have to do is they just have to make their projects competitive enough to get the dollars. And ultimately, the way I see it now, in a $6.6 billion environment and by 2021, essentially, we would be potentially growing all of our areas, except Gulf of Mexico and maybe Powder River. But certainly, all the other areas would have the opportunity to grow because of the projects that they have in their inventory today.
Vicki Hollub: It would be -- commodity prices always come into play when we're deciding what our growth rate would be. And what I -- a better way for me to say it is that we're going to average a 5% growth rate on the average over time. So in those times when commodity prices because of weaker demand, we would grow at a lower rate. So we're going to adjust.  And I think at one time, we showed a chart that showed that we would potentially grow from a certain oil price to a different oil price above which that our growth would be capped. We'll have that same scenario going forward. And as we delever and get back to the scenario where we'll start taking into account the opportunities to grow at that 5% cap, then we'll start looking at those metrics and providing those to you again. But it really depends on commodity prices, efficiencies, where we are from a leverage standpoint.  And I guess, what I'm really trying to say is that once we put all the variables in our model and we run the various scenarios, it's -- at the end of the day, it's a value calculation. And whatever creates the most value is -- and then delivers the most return to the shareholders is what we'll do.
Vicki Hollub: So in the Permian Resources business, we have a very low percentage of what is total federal lands. I can't remember overall. I think our overall percentage is about 2%. Let me hand this to Jeff. He's got those numbers.
Vicki Hollub: Our strategy for Low Carbon Ventures is more around a target and goal of the activities and what we need to accomplish. And how we accomplish that with respect to a capital standpoint is a part of the Low Carbon Ventures team. Strategic initiatives is to look at the best way to fund those. I -- ultimately, I'm so excited about this business because this is a win-win-win business in that we are going to be able to lower emissions both in the United States and in the other areas that we operate while also taking the anthropogenic CO2 and using it to increase oil production, thereby creating value for royalty owners, for the states and for the country in which we operate, wherever it is. And in addition to that, we're going to be able to ultimately, in my view, make -- and our team's view, make a business of this in that we will be able to build this into a business that generates cash flow and earnings for our shareholders.  So the way we intend to do that is a bit -- at this point, something that's proprietary in terms of how we want to -- how we think about it and how we're building that to happen. But it's a win-win-win, and it's a great -- the team is doing just a great job in making this happen.  And we've made some investments in some new technologies. Those have been direct investments. We have a -- one of those was net power, which generates a lower cost of electricity and still provides a CO2 stream, almost pure CO2 stream for use in enhanced oil recovery. And the other thing we've invested in, and we've even announced that we will build, we're evaluating building one of the largest or the largest direct air capture unit in the world in the Permian. And what that will do is take CO2 from the atmosphere, and we can then use that in our enhanced oil recovery projects.  And the reason all of this is so important to use in enhanced oil recovery rather than sequestration is that using it in an oil reservoir still sequesters about 40% of what you're cycling every time you cycle through the reservoir, so you get the sequestration part of it. But what you also do is by using that, you're able to generate a lower-carbon intensity barrel of oil. And so the -- I believe that for the world, the last barrel of oil produced in the world, whenever that happens, should come from a CO2-enhanced oil recovery reservoir because then it will be a net lower emission barrel. And our teams are working toward that, and they've got some very creative commercial ways to deal with it.
Vicki Hollub: I'll say that when Mr. Icahn brought up the concerns he had, these were a part of his concerns. And that's one of the things that is -- a result of him bringing up is the reason we looked at it. We're not out to settle anything with this. What we're out to do is just to do the right thing for our shareholders, and we felt like he brought up an issue that we needed to address, and the Board did that.  And the Board has actually gone further than that. We -- I'm -- not only are we responding to shareholder feedback on the 2 proposals to lower the percentage required for a special meeting, but also the procedure lowering the requirement for the written consent vote as well. But what I'm even more excited about is what the Board has done with respect to the creation of a committee now that specifically addresses ESG, and specifically addresses it in a way that engages the Board more with the shareholders. So what's sometimes missed in what that proposal was is it's yet to -- they're going to focus on the ESG things that fall sort of in between the Health, Environmental and Safety Committee and the Governance Committee. So there are some things that we were struggling with, where do we include that, who takes the ownership of that. So creating this committee clearly has a committee on our Board focused on our specific ESG initiatives that are not really so much safety- or environmental-related, and those that are not specifically governance-related puts them in this committee. So this committee is going to be focused on that.  But the other things that our Chairman wants this committee to do is be a lot more engaged with the shareholders, both on the ESG side and on the portfolio management side to ensure that they are more engaged to know how our shareholders think, what are the topics that are top of mind for them. And if there are issues that we need to address, they're getting that feedback now directly. And so I think that's been a huge change for us, and I think it's going to be a positive thing for all of our shareholders going forward.
Vicki Hollub: I think our Southeast New Mexico area still remains, I believe, the top and the best that we have. And I believe the legacy Anadarko acreage is going to be very close in line, not even a second, maybe a 1B in terms of the priority. The acreage is really, really good. Subsurface is excellent. So I would say that our Texas Barilla Draw area would be probably second. And so behind 1A in Southeast New Mexico, 1B in legacy Anadarko acreage.
Vicki Hollub: Yes, there's another couple of things we'd like to address before we go. But first, I wanted to pass it to Ken to -- there've been some questions offline about Gulf of Mexico. I'd like for him to share some mental on that.
Vicki Hollub: Okay. Then lastly, I'd like to say that in closing, that we are really positioning Oxy for long-term success. The acquisition of Anadarko has positioned us to more effectively address what I think are the 3 most critical issues facing our industry today. Those are climate change, geopolitical volatility and the regulatory environment in the U.S. So with the position that we have now, building on the fact that we're the largest handler of CO2 for enhanced oil recovery in the world, we intend to utilize now our position as the largest acreage holder in the United States, and with a vast amount of that being shale play to execute CO2 enhanced oil recovery in the shale. That will fit perfectly into our Low Carbon Ventures strategy and enables us to continue to grow and get the most out of the shale than anyone else over time. And we think these -- that these assets sit perfectly, and they're perfectly compatible with the conventional assets that we'll be developing in Oman and the UAE over time. So I think I'm really excited about our portfolio. We have an opportunity to continue to go into the future with the portfolio, the structure, the people and the sustainability to withstand oil price cycles while also maintaining a social license to operate globally in a low-carbon world. So thank you all for your questions and for joining our call. Have a good day.
