Steve Chazen: And that’s really not going to happen so the actual spending will be some other number, a lower number because some other businesses won’t be here by year-end.
Steve Chazen: We’re being – we’ve changed the process, I think Vicki has pointed out that the change in the domestic business and how we’re – what we’re focusing on returns are lot better and we’re not – I think it's basically a lower risk portfolio and will generate more certain returns. We expect the returns we’re not actually excited about the 12% return on capital employed. I think we need to be closer to in excess of 15% and so our goal is to make sure that’s right.  We’re -- it's like we’re very great caution on my part that I’ve allowed additional spending in Permian and California, they’ve had to convince me that they’re going to stay on the straight and narrow here. So I’m pretty sure we’re under control but if it turns out because we’re going to watch this monthly because that’s what we do now, we watch it monthly. It turns out and get off to the wagon and they’ll – the beer will be turned off.
Steve Chazen: We’ll set new goals. I think my main focus just so we were real clear, the long-term business depends on low F&D, operating costs are fine but they affect the current year but we have to develop a long-term low F&D rate and go back to what we said forever. If we have the F&D and the operating cost and local taxes we need to be below the 50% of the selling price of the product. And if you’re going to do that you have pre-tax margins of 50% and you’ll generate good returns and that’s really the objective and so we need to continue to drive as the reservoirs become more challenging, need to cost or cost need to be watched very carefully. I think you know we’ve used this year 2013 at this to really horn our ability to control costs and I think we’re there.  We’ve gone through a multiyear transition of the company from you know from a very good international producer and you know an okay domestic one to a much stronger domestic business and this has been a not an easy or quick transition but I think at this point we have the people in place to accomplish those goals going forward. We’re giving them more money this year but I hold myself and them responsible, unlike football teams the coach gets fired not the assistant coaches in this.
Steve Chazen: Yes, I’ll answer the last question first and then we’ll let Vicki, assistant coach here, get ready to answer, how certain she is. At California and the Permian and the rest of the company are quite in some ways different businesses. California can benefit a lot I think. My higher capital spending will generate more growth. We established a base with we might call boring if you want, steam flood and those kind of projects, so they will have enough cash flow to go ahead.  I think it could be managed differently than we would and I think it has good prospects, I think the issue that we need to have a team together that is more aggressive growers, maybe less concerned about dividends and more like E&P, small E&P. No one will lever -- three producers or 85% of the production in California and that isn’t going to change. And so, there is never going to be a comp and make people to believe and for the management of that business to deliver, it's probable, but they should be separate. Is that clear enough?Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. That is clear enough. 
Steve Chazen: Obviously, California would spend more money and drill more wells until they could generate a lot of tax shelter, if that's the question.Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Yeah.
Steve Chazen: A separate business who competes with – a separate oil company that competes with other medium size or whatever you want to call on producers, obviously is a business that would generate, you basically burn, you use its cash flow. California has the flexibility however so that it could cut back its capital and use money to repurchase shares or something like that, if the right sort of environment came down.  Unlike some other things, it's a pretty complete business that has -- fair amount of gas opportunity when that's available. It has all saves [ph], long term oil and has some exciting oil things to do too. So I think it's a fairly complete business and it’s a business where, if things get bad for regulator regions or price or whatever, it can cut its capital back, still do well, doesn't get caught on a cred mill of higher decline, could even buy back shares. I don't think it's going to be a big dividend producer but I think I think on share repurchase, it could do that if conditions warrant, but if conditions don’t warrant, I am sure they will spend all that money. The process of repurchasing the shares from whatever we do, it just depends on the situation at the time. When we have the money we'll figure it out, when we have the money in the hand, we'll figure out exactly what the process will be. But I’d point out that we repurchased around 10 million shares in the fourth quarter, we wouldn't have done that with the shareholders’ money if we thought that, all this wasn't going to happen. So I think the process of doing it remains to be seen, because you might have -- one oil, one stock price you might do one thing and another you might do something else. But, there’s no other place to put it. I mean, it’s either some kind of share repurchase or – you know, there isn’t really any debt that we can do much with. So, I think we’ve taken down the debt. I think the next maturity is in 2016 and I’m not up for, you know, some kind of windfall for bond holders.Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I’ll let someone else jump on. Thank you.
Steve Chazen: Yeah. That, you know, $97 is probably okay for us. I mean, this isn’t some bargain basement price. So, yeah, we feel pretty comfortable that we could be reasonably profitable at $97 and much lower, so. You know, sometimes you lose sight of the absolute price in all this talk about differential.
Steve Chazen: I’ll let Vicky answer about the unconventional but just so you understand, I think you’ve got it but, you know, we have the high decline and really no decline – high decline at Elk Hills and really no decline at THUMS, which was the bulk of the production of the Company and originally was nearly 100%. And so what’s happened is that the little wedge has grown and we’ve made a lot of progress in improving the decline rate in Elk Hills, so we’re not fighting as big a decline curve. And so what we’re doing is we’re filling it in with things that are real certain so that the business has sufficient cash without being on a treadmill with the go forward. And I’ll let Vicki talk about the unconventional here, since she’s more knowledgeable than I am for sure.
Steve Chazen: The business fundamentally, the overall business or whatever remains in the company is able to generate free cash. And so we should see a part – I think I said it at your conference, part of the program will continue to grow the dividends at a healthy pace. We’ll have a little more share repurchase than we’ve done historically. You will see share reductions from whatever happens in the asset sales or whatever dividends we might take from anything we separated from company. So I think you’ll see the share count come down and therefore the dividend requirement, the dollar amount of dividend requirement come down. So I think you’ll see a mix, but we’re very – I’m very focused on the value of the stock we’re buying. It isn’t just about buying shares for fun, certainly easier than drilling wells. But I think that we’re – and you’ll see us come and go as the stock price changes and of course there are periods when we can’t buy where we have material information. So there may be periods when we can’t buy. But generally you should expect to see a regular program at some level but also some fairly sizeable reductions over the next year I would expect.
Steve Chazen: Remember the Permian is respectively two businesses, there is the EOR business which generates large amounts of free cash flow. So the question really is how do you – and it has a potential to add this high growth stuff but still generate large amounts of free cash flow as a business, we can manage that reasonably well.  California, the potential is currently managed to generate free cash flow and it will generate a base ultimately of these long lived projects, which basically the way answers to some extent your question about the returns because you could turn on a long live project your D&A rate will be relatively low and so your earnings will be better because you got a lot of reserves over long period. But – and so every business, a standalone business has to have a base of money to pay for itself, now I understand there is a whole bunch of companies out there that don’t. But that’s not the way to build the long term oil business. So California can spend more fairly I think easily and continue to grow. And in the Permian there is a lot of competition for rigs and people and so I think it’s a little more challenging in the Permian. I think California, I have a map in my office from 1679 which shows California as an island and there is some proof to that.
Steve Chazen: I think Vicki went through a long – we have got a lot of gross wells that – bulk of the production and outcome comes from our own net wells. So we see enormous exposure what other people are doing. We don’t actually have to experiment or hire other people, we can actually see what they are going. We hire people all the time but we are not hiring people from radically different cultures. We need people who are trained in a return driven free cash flow kind of culture. And to hire somebody from some small company they really have a different kind of culture, they’re more an IRR getting their money back quick and drilling more wells culture. So we don’t want to destroy the notion that this is a business by generating money and generating returns and we are not going to spoil – we’re not going to spoil the stew with a bunch of others [ph].
Steve Chazen: I think the board will have something to say about that next month. But I expect that I’ll be doing significantly more earnings calls than I had planned.
Vicki Hollub: With respect to our efficiencies, I feel like in California certainly we have a lot of potential as we outlined in detail in the earnings call a couple times ago. So we have the resources available. We have now put together a team out there that's structured in a way, that gives them the best opportunity of success. We have great people, we have very experienced people who are -- who know a lot about operating in California, who know a lot about the types of projects that we're developing, that's our core business. We know water floods, we know steam floods and that's the bulk of what we're doing. So our team understands quite clearly how to do that and they are among the best in the industry. And so, we're accomplishing what we've said we would do and what we're doing going forward that with this increase in capital is we're being very disciplined about how we evaluate and design our projects and implement our projects. So I'm quite certain that we're not going to lose our efficiency around execution and with the resources that we have, I feel confident that we're going to continue to see the same results that achieved in 2013 going forward.Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Given that you have been fairly clear about how this could play out, Telephone [ph] has not been spending its cash flow up until now. So as a standalone company would there be an intangible drilling cost uplift to the operating cash flow in your estimates? And I guess if I could lay on it, very quickly, latest stuff thoughts on the scale of a potential Dutch tender buyback if that's still in your thinking and I'll leave it here. Thanks.
Vicki Hollub: This year we’re drilling 170 unconventional shale wells versus 111 that we drilled last year. So we increased the number that we are drilling this year and actually we had hoped to drill even more than we currently have on the schedule. But we felt like that from a regulatory standpoint, it was best to take a more conservative approach this year and be our best before. We do have some exciting unconventional projects that are in the permitting process and we expect to bring those on in 2015. So basically part of its permitting, just trying to get the permits in line and ready to go. The other part of it is that we are continuing with the strategy that we developed and that is to as we’ve said lower our decline and build up a larger solid base of those types of projects. And that really helps prop us up for the unconventional development. 
Vicki Hollub: Yeah there are questions on all of them. We do have, as I said, unconventional plays that we feel very comfortable with the development of because there are things that we understand that we’ve already started the process of development. So there is a portfolio that we feel like we could move forward at a fairly fast pace if we had the permitting in place. There is still some shales that we haven’t really tested and evaluated yet and we’re taking the same approach in California as we are in the Permian where we are doing a more measured approach to go out, drill a few wells, do some evaluation, then start some pilot projects and then from there progress to full field development. So we are trying to be very prudent in the way that we approach our shale plays that are outside where we’re currently drilling. 
