Vicki Hollub: As Cedric said, we will provide updates over the next few quarters as our continuing improvements and enhancements become increasingly evident. For decades, Oxy has proven its ability to innovatively recover more hydrocarbons from reservoirs. We have the technical expertise to operate and develop our unique portfolio of high-quality, short-to-medium cycle assets that are perfectly positioned to ensure we will maintain our leadership as a low-cost operator.  This strengthens our ability to continue our long and steady track record of returning excess cash to shareholders. This, combined with our differentiated low-carbon strategy will ensure our success and sustainability into the future. We'll now open the call for your questions.
Vicki Hollub: I think, certainly, we can reset the synergy target at some point. But now we're focused on making sure that we capture the synergies that we have that we've outlined as a goal. And I can tell you that progress has been actually amazing. And I want to emphasize that part of the reason for that progress is that we got the structure done and completed pretty quickly. We -- as you know, we've been working on our own company, our own organization and our own approach to business and to Shell versus EOR and all the other things that we do.  We've worked on and optimized those over the past few years. So we had a business model that we felt was working well for us. So we brought the Anadarko assets into our structure and have now started working with their business units. We rolled the Gulf of Mexico up under Ken Dillon, who manages our international operations and major projects. He has the most offshore experience of any of our leadership team. So he's managing those, brought in some good Oxy people, but most importantly, we retained an incredibly good the Gulf of Mexico team from Anadarko.  And then the Rockies business unit, we created the business unit there and just brought it under our domestic operations under Robert Palmer's leadership. And so the -- bringing the organization in was one thing that we did right off the bat. But the second thing that we were able to do very quickly was to start to work the culture. And fortunately, we found that culturally, the Anadarko employees that we brought with us and kept were -- had the same or similar culture to what we have. And I credit Jim Hackett for that. It's just been really good to bring those guys in.  And part of the thing that has driven the synergy capture so quickly for us, too. It's not just the amazing and outstanding performance of Permian Resources, and they're certainly ahead of schedule there. Thanks to Jeff Bennett and his leadership, but it's making sure that this was a process that we owned. Some companies will bring in consultants and use them throughout the process. We have an internal team working this and full of -- and then composed of ambassadors that are working throughout the organization, and they're the ones that go out and help to ensure that our business units and teams know where we are, know what the goals are, know the specific numbers, we're tracking them weekly.  Our board is very engaged on those 2. We actually have a board that's -- has an integration committee led by Dick Poladian, and Dick has done a great job to drive -- dive into the information and be a part of that team, driving progress very, very quickly. So culturally, organizationally, we're there.  The synergies are coming sooner, but other things are happening in our other business units. They may -- we may not call it a part of the synergies. But there are good things happening elsewhere where we're continuing to advance our technical capability, some of that in our own operations, and some of that in the Anadarko assets that we picked up. So I'd like to just kind of turn it to Ken Dillon for him to cover some of those. I think you'll find this as -- these are some of the things that will quantify over time and share with you, but these are the kinds of things that we're working on.
Vicki Hollub: And just one last thing on the divestitures. Remember, we're repaying 3% debt with proceeds and have no 2020 debt maturities. So while we share, certainly our investors' sense of urgency around lowering the debt. We do have flexibility as it pertains to retaining cash flow, for example, the Africa assets are generating right now around $700 million of annual cash flow at $60 Brent. So we do have some flexibility with that.
Vicki Hollub: Thanks, Paul. Yes. Our dividend policy is what it's been for the last probably 20 years are. And we approach it based on our cash flow priorities, which is, first, to maintain our operations. And after maintaining our operations, certainly, it's the dividend and capital share repurchases, those things come after that. So we do have the flexibility to do other impacts to our cost structure that -- to continue to pay our dividend.  Our intent is to balance our cash flows, but we -- again, with the flexibility of this enormous portfolio that we have today with the things that our teams are doing to drive efficiencies and improvements and cost reductions. We're actually in a good scenario, I think, because we don't expect this situation to last, but we can last through this situation.
Vicki Hollub: But I would say that if we believe that we still -- we'll still work the process with Algeria and Ghana, but we do have a plan Bs, as Oscar alluded to, we can go to plan Bs and replace the proceeds we would have gotten from Algeria with other asset sales that essentially have about the same cash flow impact.
Vicki Hollub: Well, the $6.6 billion that we said with a 5% growth was based on the synergies that we expected to capture in that timeline. And as you just said, the timeline has been accelerated. So we have not laid out what the scenario would look like yet, and we're working that. But we -- we're certain that, obviously, that we get the 5% at $6.6 billion, but we do believe that there's the opportunity that we could get to 5% with -- certainly, with a lower capital. We just haven't calculated that number. What we'd like to see is how some of these other ideas and opportunities play out. So we're -- I would just say that now, I'm pretty excited about 2021 and about what we can do based on what we're seeing today.
Vicki Hollub: Longer term, we actually think that, that's going to be a business that will generate significant cash flow and earnings for us over time. With what our team is seeing today, there's a lot of interest in partnerships with companies that don't have the capability to otherwise lower their carbon footprint. So there are a lot of situations out there where that exists.  For competitive reasons, I can't talk specifics here. But I will say that, that there is now so much interest in -- by all types of companies that this is going to be a scenario where we have partners that come in and invest and/or we can sell ultimately CO2 offsets. And we can generate our own electricity cheaper to also provide CO2 for our operations or we can provide electricity to others through the technology that we've invested in today.  So with the combination of anthropogenic from industry with net power generating lower cost electricity for our CO2 operations, while also providing the CO2 for our operations. And then the the direct air capture, which is a process that we're doing a FEED study on now, and we'll ultimately start construction, we believe, late 2021 or 2022.  With all of those, plus the interest and others to come in and invest and/or buy offsets, it's -- there's lots of opportunity for us to start making that a business line. And at this point, I really can't say more than that. But we will -- as we can, we will share much more information. And I think by the end of the year, we'll have a lot of exciting things to tell.
Vicki Hollub: We are currently meeting all of our commitments on all of our international conventional assets. So I think we're doing a very good job of that. We work very closely with the governments and our partner companies in those areas to make sure that we're delivering what we said we would do, and we optimize where we can, and some of the activity that Ken talked about in Oman, in particular, is delivering better results with less capital than we had originally anticipated. So I think that we're doing well with all of our conventional asset commitments.
Vicki Hollub: Well, under the scenario that we're working today, you can model it that. We were assuming that a 5% growth is the cap of where we really feel like we need to be over time. So the -- no matter what the oil price is, whether it's $70 or $80, we don't think that we need to have more than a 5% growth.  So the excess cash beyond what we need to invest organically to deliver that growth would go to generally the share repurchases or other investments like that. But from a capital standpoint, growth standpoint, we think 5% is sufficient. So I don't know what our ratio, it will change over time, actually.
Vicki Hollub: $55 to $60 is still the 5%. We're not going to adjust and run our capital -- our organic capital investment up as oil prices go up. We're really going to manage the business at an optimum investment rate. And that investment rate generally will deliver that 5% growth. And so we don't want to get ahead of ourselves with respect to maximizing net present value of our developments.
Vicki Hollub: Our teams have already worked out a fairly detailed strategy around getting there. In fact, this strategy that they worked is not an aspirational goal. It's the outcome of a defined program, where we actually have on a time line milestones for the development of direct air capture anthropogenic CO2 and the installation of net power over time. So the last I saw that -- and we're not saying this is a target, but the last I saw of what that would deliver, well, it looks like in the 2040 to 2045 timeframe, we would be carbon neutral.
Vicki Hollub: I would say that we will not take on debt. We don't feel the need to do that. We think that with the flexibility that we have in almost any scenario, especially given the fact that we've hedged 350,000 barrels a day. That, along with the fact that $40 oil is just not sustainable for our industry over time. So we have the time to work through this, and we would actually allow our production to decline a little bit because now with the Permian Resources business with the DJ Basin, and even ultimately, the power Powder River, those are very fast production cash flow recovery engines.  And so we would have the ability to recover from allowing our production to decline. Remember now, back when we just had conventional assets, that were -- that had a much lower growth profile over time. That would not have been possible. But today, we have that flexibility. So we would not take on debt to pay the dividend. We would -- what we'd do is allow our capital investments, organic capital investments decline.
Vicki Hollub: I'd say on the Permian Resources business, I was really surprised. Well I had forecasted the 2019 from 2018 improvement to be in the 5% to 10% range. And you can see they clearly at that. With some of the things that our team is talking about today, differences in the way we do, not just our -- where we've put our laterals, but the way we pump our frac jobs.  Going back to the improvements I've made previously. I believe there's still room to further stimulate the near wellbore along the full lateral and to recover more near wellbore reserves. And I think that they can work on some things to do that over time. So I think that -- I'd hate to give a number, but I do expect us to improve. I don't think we'll plateau from 2019 to 2020. I think we'll see improvement this year and improvement going into next year as well.  With respect to the Powder River, that's an exciting area. We've done some appraisal work. The team and the sparking Powder Rivers, all legacy Anadarko, they're incredibly good. They've looked at the offset operators, looked at what they're doing. They're now -- they've shared their information with our internal people on the Permian Resources, we're learning things both ways. That team is going to -- that team will make some significant noise in the Powder river, I believe. Once they get started, we won't be very aggressive there this year. We'll pick up activity, probably the -- toward the middle to the latter part of next year.
Vicki Hollub: Yes. And that would be the first to go. We've tiered our capital so that as we go through this, and we start having to having lower capital, the less productive capital goes first. Now that would mean that there could be a point in the future where our facilities CapEx could be a higher percentage. But given where we are in optimizing our developments in this kind of scenario, that's exactly what we would do.
Vicki Hollub: Okay. I'll close with another thanks to our employees and to all of the -- all of you who participated on our call today. Thanks again, and have a good day.
Oscar Brown: Great. Thanks, Vicki. Doug, so regarding -- we'll start with Africa. Regarding Africa, of course, we continue to work with Total and the governments of Ghana and Algeria towards a positive resolution of the divestitures. So there is an increased risk, as you point out, associated with both timing and closing certainty, so that's become clear. We'll report more when we have something more substantial to talk about.  And just to be clear, it's hard to comment beyond what's public already. In Africa, as again, we remain bound by our definitive agreement with Total around these assets, but we're also cognizant that these assets, to these countries are very important to them and their interest in retaining foreign investment is very sensitive in -- to all their constituents. So we want to be careful with that. But a couple of things I think I can say. As you probably know, the assets in Ghana and Algeria are very high quality, produce significant cash flow and we've used that to pay down debt as well.  In the case of Algeria, the -- I guess, the one thing I can observe, which is obvious, is that since our -- the announcement of our deal with Total, Algeria has voted in a new president, has brought in a new administration. So that situation, in particular, is pretty fluid. So as we -- if you look at all that, we continue to run numerous sales processes as our commitment to hit the $15 million of asset sales hasn't changed, and that is something we'll hit with or without the remaining Africa divestitures.  So a great example that's come up again, we really like to keep these processes private. We found that's the best way to protect value, but another asset sale, as an example, to address your broader question that is in the press is the land grant. So that asset is primarily in Wyoming. There's been some press on that. It has over 1 million surface acres and over 4 million mineral acres and includes revenues from producing royalties, primarily from trona, but also from oil and gas, coal, other hard minerals and surface use, such as wind farms and grazing and so forth.  So while the state is clearly communicated a lot of interest in this asset. It is a competitive process, and there's a large number of qualified participants in that. And the winner of that asset will be one of the largest land and mineral owners in the United States. So that's an example, again. We don't want to list off a whole lot of those ideas and other things that we're actually pursuing. But we do think -- we do -- we're going to get to our $15 billion.  And everything we do, it's really important, too. As it relates to timing, we're focused on value. And we understand in this market environment, our timeline may need to be a little flexible to protect that value. But we still stick by our original announcement, original schedule we committed back at the announcement of the Anadarko deal. 12 to 24 months to get these transactions done from closing. We're about 8 months in since the acquisition, and I remain confident we'll get to the $15 billion within the original time frame.  So again, we're focused on value. We're focused on certainty of closing in terms of dealing with counterparts and all of our divestitures. We're still confident because, look, we've got -- as we've mentioned, over $100 billion of assets in our portfolio. We've got a good team and a good track record of success. So hopefully, that helps give a little color.
Oscar Brown: Yes. I think that's totally fair, Vicki, and you summed it up pretty well. So we've got -- what I'd say is we've got line of sight to midyear and the processes we have going, but we've got to be cognizant of this environment whether it's travel, the volatility of the commodity, all of that.  I think, again, we're focused on value. So the timing needs to slip a little bit to protect that. I think it's understandable if we look for that flexibility, I think you'd agree.
Oscar Brown: Yes. I guess, just simple math. So we said, clearly, we've got processes ongoing or prepared to launch well in excess of $15 billion, whether or not we close on Africa. So to be clear, we do have -- we've kind of done what you're suggesting, right? We've got a lot more in the market than we need under really any scenario just for this purpose to be competitive across assets, be able to pull deals that we don't like, to sell things we do like.  The land grant is an interesting one, where it's relatively immune from volatility in the oil and gas price. Its value is elsewhere. And so these are kind of things we'll try to accelerate. So clearly, where we can protect value moving forward, we're moving them forward. And where this volatility, if it slows down a couple of them, it slows down a few of them. So it's a portfolio approach, and it's a big effort.
Oscar Brown: It's Oscar. I'll take that one. No. Generally, no. But -- that's a short answer. But clearly, we've got a commitment in terms of what we've done and then standing less up independently and deconsolidation and all of that, where we do need to get below 50%. But we do have timing flexibility on that as well.  It's not something that necessarily needs to be done right away. But we agree, we're the largest shareholder. We pay the price as much as anybody more. So probably, so some patience around that is clearly something that would make sense.
Oscar Brown: Real quick, it's Oscar. On the land grant, we haven't disclosed the cash flow associated with it. But the way I think about it is like this, the value inherent in the assets. So again, a lot of surface and a lot of minerals and minerals of all kinds, hard and liquid and so forth, that -- at least as much value is in the optionality and the future development of the -- of that surface in the minerals and just the value of it there as to the value of the current cash flows today. So we do like the potential value of this asset in terms -- while it will have some impact on cash flow, because it has cash flow, we expect the multiple of the asset value to be higher than you'd expect with more traditional asset sales.
Kenneth Dillon: Thanks, Vicki. If we talk a little bit about Gulf of Mexico synergies with renegotiated contracts to date, we potentially see between an 8% and 15% reduction this year in the cost of the capital program. We've started to roll out Oxy Drilling Dynamics, and we're already making savings on the first wells with optimum sequencing. We expect a reduction in shutdown durations of 20% this year.  The Oxy maintenance programs will lead to a further 20% improvement next year in uptime. And recently, we were delighted that members of the Oxy Board of Directors visited the Deepwater Horn Mountain spar to emphasize commitment to HSE per staff and our contractors offshore and this follows their visit to Safa' in the desert in Oman last year.  Moving to Oman. We saw records this year in block 62 of 29,000 BOE per day, and we've developed new tools in-house for something we call Oxy jetting. It's a new completion technique, which we piloted on 15 wells. So far, we've seen improvements of between 200% and 300% on IPs of new wells for an increase of 5% in the D&C costs. It's not tracking, and I'm looking forward to being able to talk more about it on future calls. We previously talked about the Oxy field optimizer in Mukhaizna. So our high-speed reservoir models are now running in the cloud. And the system is making actual recommendations for steam allocation at Mukhaizna to the engineers. In the pilot area, which covered 3% of the field. We saw increases in oil production of about 1% with a decrease in steam of 14%, and we continue to increase the pilot area.  In Colombia, we increased the production at Llanos by 17% year-on-year, and we kicked off the Teca continuous steam flood project. So far, we've drilled 16 wells, and we're optimizing the development plans with our good partner, Ecopetrol. In exploration, our teams delivered 52 million barrels of resources at a binding cost of $3 a barrel in 2019. So if you look over the last 3 years, they've added 200 million barrels of resources to our portfolio.  Abu Dhabi, we saw a record production at Al Hosn of 86.6 MBOE per day as part of our winter plant trials. And on schedule, we awarded the feed this quarter to AMAC in the U.K., so we're on track for increasing capacity to 1.45. So overall, a good year with the HES performance, peak production and continue to innovate and break records.
Kenneth Dillon: Yes, it's Ken here. I think I walked through quite a few of the ones on the sheet earlier. I think we're on track for 2019, 2020, 2021. And we studied the well in Abu Dhabi. Things are going well there, Shah expansion, our Al Hosn expansion is going well. White Energy project is moving ahead, target 40 million scalps per day. It's in design with a company we like working with. We've got plenty of places to put the CO2, which takes you through the 2020-2021 timeframe. In Oman, seismic has gone well. We're interpreting the 3D seismic we captured last year on the main blocks.  Exploration wells. We've got a 75% technical success rate there, just under 50% commercial success rate and our binding costs are about $3, barrels. That's going well. So overall, I think for all of the items listed, Colombia, we kicked off Teca. First 16 wells, drilling costs coming down facilities, well mapped out, moving ahead. I'd say, completions, we're working jointly with EcoPetrol. And then we're getting ready for the Teca ramp up. So I would say generally meeting everything on that Slide 21 in terms of dates, which is the on-time, on-budget is one of our mantras.
Kenneth Dillon: It's Ken. I'll take that one. Essentially, it's not only keeping production flat. It's -- the Gulf of Mexico generates a large amount of net free cash flow. So our goal is really to have a 10-year plan, which focuses on keeping the net free cash flow relatively constant over that time frame. As I mentioned on a previous call, we love Horn Mountain. That was one of our assets originally continues to look better and better. Central gun looks really interesting also.  So we see really good opportunities for near-field tiebacks. And we're also participating in ongoing activities where we can consolidate around those areas. So that's -- the goal is maintain long-term steady net free cash flow from barrels, which are really, really high-margin barrels that can compete with everything in the portfolio. And we have great teams, long history, going all the way back to the Oxy in past years ago.
