Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Rob. We understand that there's a high level of interest in our 2022 plan, which we'll announce in our next call. But now we'd be happy to take your calls for this segment of the call. 
Vicki Hollub: Certainly, we are achieving a line of sight towards getting to that net debt target of $25 billion. So we're going to get there sooner than we expected. But in terms of what we would do with the cash flow after that, we'll follow our commitment to our cash flow priorities, and the next in line would be to start to increase our fixed dividend. So that would be in terms of orders of priority, our next target. We really don't feel like we need to provide growth at this time from the standpoint of where we are today with respect to our cash flow generating capability. So future growth for us really is -- would be in support of growing a dividend, not growth for growth's sake. 
Vicki Hollub: We still believe and are moving toward becoming a carbon management company. We think that's going to be needed for the energy transition. And we're actually filling a gap with what we're doing, as you know, with respect to what others are doing. Every -- there's a lot that really needs to happen in this energy transition for us to be successful to cap global warming at 1.5 degrees.  So there are some companies in the oil and gas industry that are moving more towards renewables, and that's very much needed. And there's -- there are others that are working very hard to mitigate all of their emissions from current operations. We're working on both of those but not the renewables.  We're working on reducing our current emissions from ongoing operations but we're also, as you know, taking advantage of the core competence we have with CO2 and the handling of CO2 will enhance oil recovery. So we believe that that's a gap that nobody else is filling.  And the reason that gap is necessary is for several reasons. First of all, there has to be CO2 removed from the atmosphere. There's nobody in the world that disputes that. So direct air capture is going to be critical for that to happen. So with direct air capture, not only can we remove CO2 from the atmosphere, but also that helps us to develop and produce oil that's either net zero or net negative carbon. So that enables us to provide the hard to decarbonize industry, such as aviation or maritime with fuels that are net zero carbon.  So there are 2 reasons to build direct air capture, first of all, for the removal from the atmosphere, the provision for providing those net zero carbon fuels. And the things that makes it very versatile is you can build it anywhere. So we think that because of the magnitude of that impact around the world and the need for thousands of these to be built, it provides us the opportunity to be a big part of that and to actually be a leader in developing the technology. So we think we will transition, the transition will take some time. But over the next 10 to 15 years, I think we'll make a lot of progress towards becoming net carbon management company and a go-to company for those that need the CO2 offsets. 
Vicki Hollub: Well, as you know, to get to around $25 billion net debt was our target. And as Rob mentioned earlier, now that target is in line of sight and, again, much sooner than we expected. So once we have actually achieved that, then we'll begin to layer in some of the other things that we can do with our cash, most notably and primarily would be to grow a fixed dividend. And then beyond that, again, I don't see capital growth until we've gotten to a point where we need to make that happen.  I think we've talked about it over the last couple of years that we feel like it's very important to keep our breakeven around $40. So as we establish a fixed dividend and move forward, we would grow our cash flow to match the growth in the dividend rate. So that it will happen, and it will happen over time.  With respect to other considerations for the use of cash, it will really depend on the circumstances that we're in when we actually have reestablished or actually grown the existing fixed dividend that we have. 
Vicki Hollub: I would say, Doug, we're not at the net debt of $25 billion yet, and we want to see what the macro conditions are and what's happening with our stock at that point. So since we're not there, it's really hard to provide any direction right now on what we would do. The one thing we can tell you is that we will follow our cash flow priorities, which is the fixed dividend first, before we would do and consider anything else. The share repurchases are a longer-term possibility for us but not the nearest term. The nearest term would be the growing the dividend. 
Vicki Hollub: I'll take the second one first. Our teams have worked hard to try to establish the right kind of contracts and business situations with service providers and material providers to mitigate inflation. We don't think necessarily we would mitigate all of it. We're just not sure right now what inflation will be. But we know that our efficiencies and our established relationships and business situations will help to mitigate some of it.  We're hoping to continue also to further improve our efficiency so that we can mitigate more than what we would see today. But that's -- there's a lot of work going on around that and especially with respect to how we manage our supply chain and the strength of our position not only in the U.S. but around the world. So we're leveraging that as well.  With respect to the sustainability capital, I will say that inflation, whatever amount we can't mitigate would be certainly on top of what we have today. And the only thing that I could really point to in terms of what we've said before about this is, in 2022, we won't have as many DUCs to complete as we did in 2021. So there's a difference there.  We completed about 100 DUCs this year. In addition to that, we're going to have some capital investment that we'll need to make in 2 other areas, both of which we mentioned before. Al Hosn, we'll begin the expansion of that in 2022. So we'll have that cost. We'll also have some incremental cost in the Gulf of Mexico. So it will be higher than the $300 million we had this year because the Gulf is a little bit lumpy in terms of capital investments. So we'll have those things to consider when we are putting together our final plan for 2022. 
Vicki Hollub: The Permian will always see a bigger portion of the growth capital or even the maintenance capital than anywhere else. As we're starting to -- are continuing to offset declines, there may be some of our areas that do decline. That would be made up usually by the Permian Basin. But all of our areas play a role in what we're doing. In fact, the -- for example, the Middle East, that's a -- that area for us is very helpful to continue development there because the contracts provide us some protection in a down market the PSCs do.  So Oman is important to us from that respect. And we do have a low cost of development there, and we get our cash back fairly quickly. So that's the good part of Oman. It delivers good returns. And Al Hosn is a low decline asset for us. So it plays that role. We want to continue building on our low-decline assets, but that will be -- a lot of the growth for that will be going back to EOR at some point to start building there as we get this anthropogenic CO2. So EOR in the Permian will play a bigger role in the future. But low decline assets are important to us, but the bulk of our dollars beyond sustainability ultimately would go to the Permian. 
Vicki Hollub: The reality is that there are multiple things that we could do with our cash. We believe that restoring the dividend as the -- and not restoring it to the prior level but continuing to increase it over time is a better and more predictable value creator for our shareholders. We have always been a dividend-paying company. It's important for us to get back to that and make it a more -- get it to a level where it's more meaningful to our shareholders, but we always want to evaluate buybacks. And so I'm not saying that we would never do it or never consider it. We're just not at the point now where we have all the data to be able to make that assessment.  For example, today, we're not at $25 billion net debt. Now when we get there, we will take a look at all the things that are available to us to do. But starting to grow the dividend we have today is a high priority because of the fact that we did have to reduce it significantly, we want to start restoring it. But any time we look at cash, we would have cash beyond that available. And then we would just do the value calculations to determine whether it makes sense given the other opportunities for us to buy back shares. It's always a consideration. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. I would say that, for us, growth -- production growth is not a priority for us right now. because if you look at our cash flow generating capabilities and with our strategy around that going forward, is to basically when we get to our net debt target of $25 billion, that's not where we'll end. As Rob mentioned, we want to continue working to reduce our debt beyond that. But the need to do so at a bigger level is just not there. We get to the $25 billion. We'll share more information as we get there about what our next target would be with respect to debt reduction. And then again, it's to start growing our dividend again.  And the only point at which we would really need to start growing our production would be down the road, where we want to continue growing the dividend. We don't need additional growth from production right now to be able to increase the dividend over the next couple of years because, again, with what we expect the macro to be and the level of increase in our dividend, we believe that we can do that without any production growth over the next at least couple of years.  So it would be continuing to maintain our operations, our production level. And then these occasional projects that are beyond the sustainability capital, like the GoM, Al Hosn could be those over the next couple of years. But other than that, it's then going to the dividend and further debt reduction. 
Vicki Hollub: Pardon me? Yes. And that's why it's important to have these low decline projects that enables us to execute on this strategy. 
Vicki Hollub: I would say that the world absolutely has to have acceleration of direct care capture, not just our DAC facilities, the carbon capture and retrofitting industry. It has to happen. So the only way that it can happen and at the pace that's needed for the world is for the U.S. to get on board with supporting it, and the U.S. has the strength and the capability to do that. And the best way to do it is through 45Q and direct pay 45Q.  So you're right on that, that's incredibly important to us. Otherwise, the U.S. will not achieve the targets that we've set with even the prior Paris accord, much less what's happening in Glasgow right now. So 45Q has to happen and really needs to be direct pay. Otherwise, we're going to struggle to be successful. But with respect to what we're doing, there is going to be a price for carbon because there's a lot of commitment from corporations now to get to net neutral.  Everybody, I think, realizes at some point that if we don't achieve our goals through the incentives like 45Q, and there's going to have to be some price mechanism on carbon to make it happen. And so what we're seeing is a lot of corporations are trying to get ahead of that. A lot of corporations are starting to fill. Just see that there's a social license to operate in that -- to have that, there has -- they have to proactively start seeking CO2 credit offsets to become net neutral. United has been one, as you know, that we've announced that wants to do that, and they're proactively committing to dollars to the building of the direct air capture plus, the purchase of the oil that would be the net zero oil.  Other corporations are calling us. We're getting a lot of incoming interest in the direct air capture because of that. So I do believe that there's going to be sufficient growth and commitment to make what we're doing here in the next -- in the initial phases work. But beyond that, again, what it's going to require is a much more acceleration than that. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. The clarification is, right now, we're in the probably upper 30s on a breakeven, but that's not -- that's assuming that's without the preferred. So we're really close to where we want to be and where we want to stay. So as we grow -- as we restore the dividend at a moderate level, we'll do it in a way that enables us to grow it over time but probably not at the pace that we've done in the past. So it will be a moderate growth, but it will be a material dividend as we've always tried to maintain. 
Vicki Hollub: Ultimately, we want to keep it within that. Now there's going to be some discussion and some evaluation of how do we start out that dividend growth, but we'll determine that when we get to the $25 billion net debt. We'll see, again, what will be supported by mid-cycle, what would be supported by a $40 breakeven. 
Vicki Hollub: Okay. I'll start with the Shell assets. And we're always looking for opportunities to core up while we operate. And so asset swaps have been a big part of helping us to increase our working interest in the areas that we already operate over the last few years, and that's been very successful. And we will continue to try to do that. And we'll be working with Conoco and any other partners that are in our current operations and or nearby what we have to make swaps that work because those are always better for each company. Those are win-win scenarios. So those are something that's really important for us to do. We'll continue that. The second part of the question is OxyChem... 
Vicki Hollub: And you're right, Paul, that it is really an important part of our transition story. OxyChem will be a key player in that, and certainly, we're open to opportunities from any of our existing partners and new partners to help with that. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. We would only do it if it was very strategic and something that fills the gap that we currently have. And there are situations where picking up some acreage would enable us to drill longer laterals. There are situations where we have the opportunity to increase working interest in something that we already own. And so those are situations that when they do come along, you almost need to do it. Otherwise, you may not get the chance to do it again. 
Vicki Hollub: We don't have an update currently, but our plan is still to hold an LCD day, a rivet in the first quarter of next year. By then, a lot of what we're working on right now, we hope to be able to talk about publicly. 
Robert Peterson: Yes. And Jeanine, I'll add to Vicki's comments on that. Just as we get to that, we've discussed feathering in the dividend at $25 billion. We're not going to stop our debt reduction at that point. We're continuing to put cash flow into our debt reduction priorities beyond our other top priority of maintenance capital. 
Robert Peterson: Doug, I guess a piece I'd add to that is what we've done is consistent of what we've been messaging ever since we got into this deleveraging process. We indicated to market, as Vicki said, that we were going to get into that net $25 billion debt range before we considered raising -- increasing value return to shareholders. And so we do have line of sight. It's obviously here a lot closer than we anticipated it would be because of the combination of all the work we did to strip out cash, but certainly commodity prices are much stronger than we anticipated.  And if it continues that way, it's not that far away that we'll reach that target. But we aren't there yet, and that's the reason why we're not increasing value returned to shareholders because we're sticking to our messaging and the plan we've set out in front of our shareholders. And so for us to prematurely deviate from that plan, bringing inconsistency to that message, we certainly don't want to bring to the marketplace. 
Robert Peterson: Yes. Sure, happy to discuss it, Raphaël. So I would say what we see today in the chemical business is still very strong conditions in our vinyl business and steady improvements in the caustic business. And you're correct. Typically, we're normally entering into a seasonally slower period of time. But we're just not seeing that thus far because if you step back and look at the year, the industry, which already was pretty tight on supply to begin the year, lost almost 2 months of production because of the freeze we had in the Gulf states in February and then the impact of Ida that we had in the third quarter. So the combination of those 2 has kept coupled with the demand being as strong as of all our products has kept the supply-demand balance much tighter than anticipated or typically historically at that time of the year.  Those are the 2 main drivers. On Slide 31 of the deck, we included. Obviously, the main profit drivers for the business and the earnings are going to come from both the PVC business and the caustic soda business. The operating rates year-to-date are over 80% in the PVC business despite the impacts of the 2 storms and the lost months of production. And domestic demand is up over 13% versus this time year-to-date last year. And that's even when we started picking up the demand post COVID last year.  The other thing I would say is that the construction sector, much like it is with other building products remains very strong with inventory levels still very low. And you can tell that inventories are very tight because exports are really soft still compared to historical levels. And what you have is with exports being down over 1/3 versus prior year, even prior being a COVID year, that's because the discretionary resin is just not available. And so what you only exported PVC resin is really destined for long-term contractual sales from U.S.-based producers that have relationships overseas. And you're not seeing that spot resin flow into the market, which means people are still just trying to get enough resin for the domestic market, which is going to keep prices elevated and margins elevated through that period of time. And so that's kind of atypical for this time of the year, but we do see it continuing through the balance of the year.  Does it continue all into the winter? Construction necessarily has to slow during the winter, but we don't have a flavor for is how much are people going to want to restock inventories to be ready for what looks like another strong spring construction, which will return pretty early in the year next year.  On the chlor-alkali side, I'd say chlorine is extremely tight as producers are still trying to seek the highest value for the outlet. This is where OxyChem's vast portfolio of derivatives gives us so much strength versus many others because we're not just making PVC, we're making all 3 parts of the Vinyl's chain. We're also selling into a domestic market that gives us exposure to the polyurethane markets, the TiO2 markets, et cetera, and water -- beyond just water treatment and others that traditionally think of and our own chloromethanes business.  And so all those we're seeing strong demand and supply/demand balances are very tight. And we will see more than likely in the backside of another difficult operating year in the industry a continued effort to rebuild inventories, not only in supply chain, but there's also -- we're seeing a lot of pent-up demand still coming back as things somewhat return to normal on the backside of the pandemic. Particularly, caustic soda demand globally will continue to improve as manufacturing activity is restored in both South America and Asia and Europe.  And so what we're seeing on the caustic side is, again, steady improvements where we're not seeing record prices on caustic soda yet like we are on PVC, but some of the prices in Asia have risen to levels that haven't been seen before. And so both businesses are very strong right now. We will see a seasonal slowdown in caustic domestically because you're no longer able to transport caustic up the Mississippi River for the winter, but we don't see it really impacting the industry enough just because inventories are so tight. And so I still think January, February will continue to be slower months for the industry but it's going to be such a narrow period with the tight inventories. We'll probably hit the ground running pretty quick in this spring again. 
Robert Peterson: Yes. I think, Bill, from the standpoint, certainly, of this year where you don't anticipate any material cash taxes. Based on our viewpoint of 2022, we don't see that happening again also. We see ourselves, depending upon certainly the macro conditions, becoming a U.S. cash taxpayer in a meaningful way in 2023. 
Robert Peterson: Yes. I would just add to that, yes, Paul, that if you look back to the history of projects, whether it was the chlor-alkali plant adjacent to the CO2 plant, or the cracker that we built at Ingleside the venture together or any of the relationships that we have, what we've been able to do is build long-term partnerships with our downstream customers that gives us sort of a pseudo integration into markets. Otherwise, we don't want to build into like CIO2 or polyurethanes or et cetera and partner with the leaders in those industries.  And so we're always evaluating that. But to Vicki's point, it's going to be something we're going to structure around where we're guaranteed a return on and of the capital necessary to continue to fund the cash from that towards the rest of -- the remainder of the business as a cash flow source. And so I think we're constantly evaluating that. Like anything else, there's probably a dozen projects that end up on the drawing board to get one good one that works out. But you're right that, there's a lot of growth in the chlorovinyl sector as a building product, and the advantage the United States has versus the rest of the world, the feedstocks is pretty significant. So we'll continue to evaluate those. And if something comes together, we'll be happy to share it with the market. 
Robert Peterson: Yes. It's hard to say, Paul. I mean, I think it depends on timing of investments and what the opportunities are out there. And so we're constantly evaluating that and would integrate it in our portfolio if it made sense. But I would be purely speculating to give timing on when we might make the next significant investment in OxyChem. 
