Vicki A. Hollub: Right. Currently for at least next year and 2017, and it's hard to predict for 2018. But for 2017, we intend to stay pretty close to the capital allocation that we have for this year, and that's assuming that prices are as we expect. And I will say that we expected the prices to be in the neighborhood of where they are right now, and that's why we took a conservative approach to our capital this year. We do expect some improvement next year but we're not sure how much that will be, so we're going to wait till toward the end of this year to determine exactly what our capital program for 2017 will be. But our expectation is that if things are as we expect them to be that we would be close to $3 billion. We might spend a little bit more than that if prices are a little bit better than we expect. But the run rate for our company going forward with the assets that we currently have would continue to be in the $3 billion to $3.5 billion, maybe a little bit more, but not a whole lot more than that.
Vicki A. Hollub: We have the capacity to increase significantly. We will be more limited by our disciplined approach, but we certainly have kept the capability within our organization. We have the ability to put the infrastructure in in the Permian, so we have I would say significant ability. At one time, we were running over 25 rigs. And we could, if prices were in the range that would warrant that, we could get back to that. But bearing in mind now that back when we were running 25 rigs, we were not as efficient as we are today. We're significantly improved with our efficiencies, so we could get actually the same amount of productivity with half the number of rigs that we were at at that time. So I don't see us going back to a 25 rig count in the Permian unless we expand our operations and our footprint. But we could easily go back to somewhere in the neighborhood of up to 15 rigs reasonably and still have the capacity to do it. I think we could get ahead of it with our infrastructure as well. And actually, Jody could talk a little bit more, if you'd like, about the infrastructure development and how we're trying to stay ahead of it. He's got teams working on development plans for our key areas that will put us we believe well ahead so that we could ramp up to levels of that activity without being encumbered by regulatory issues and/or infrastructure issues.
Vicki A. Hollub: I'll say that the way you should view the capital priorities right now is just the two that I mentioned. Certainly, maintenance of our operations is the highest priority. Dividends are second. But when you look at the other possibilities, whether it's organic growth or share repurchases or acquisitions, those three really depend on the situations that we're in, and so those three can vary over time or according to the environment that we're in. I would say that for today, as per my comments about M&A, we are certainly looking at acquiring and expanding – acquiring assets and expanding our position in the Permian. And we would be for the right project, for the right opportunity, certainly be willing to use our equity to do that.
Vicki A. Hollub: I would say with the future the way we view it and what we expect to see in 2017, we're going to try to achieve within our range of growth targets, but possibly on the lower end if prices are still on the lower end and we don't see fundamentals driving prices up. So we're going to wait pretty much to the end of this year to make final decisions on it. But we do believe that in a price environment that's certainly better than where we are today is what we would need to continue to grow. But Permian Resources, we will grow Permian Resources next year. The question for us is whether or not we'll grow other areas within our company for next year, and that will all depend on what oil prices do.
Vicki A. Hollub: With the increased production that we have now, the capital that would be required to offset declines would be in the neighborhood of about $2.3 billion to $2.4 billion.
Vicki A. Hollub: It's really a lot more around the uncertainty of the price environment, and it has a lot less to do with our capability to do it. What we want to do is ensure that we're conservative with our capital programs. We have the potential and the opportunities to certainly not only meet the upper end but exceed it, but we're really trying to be careful about what we forecast and what programs we set up for next year. I can tell you that what we'll do is that we'll put the program together. We always do that at the end of this year, and we'll firm it up by first of next year. But what our teams have done during this downturn in this slower period is they've enabled us to have a lot more flexibility next year to be able to ramp up should we need to or should we have the opportunity to do so. And the ramp up could be not just in Permian Resources. As I mentioned earlier, the ramp up could be in Colombia as well. And in addition to that, we expect that because of the situation with Al Hosn, overall, Al Hosn will have a higher production rate in 2017 because it will have a full year of production versus the warranty turnaround that we had in Q1 of this year. In addition to that, we'll have Block 62 gas on for the full year, and that will be helpful. So if you take those things, combine it with the flexibility that we have in both Permian Resources and Colombia, we'll start the year probably conservatively until we see fundamentals start to support prices, but we will have the ability to ramp up in multiple areas. And if prices and the fundamentals are such that we feel comfortable, we'll have the flexibility to actually increase our programs throughout the year if we see that that makes sense.
Vicki A. Hollub: Yes, for the Chemicals cash flow, we expect that capital this year is around $500 million. Next year it should drop to less than $400 million. The following year it would be back down to basically its maintenance levels of around $250 million. So we'll have around $300 million in cash flow from Chemicals this year and expect that by 2018 that would be up to around $900 million, potentially a little bit more than that depending on product prices in the Chemical business.
Vicki A. Hollub: That's correct. We had about – total including the Chemicals and the Midstream business, we had this year $500 million of committed capital and almost $400 million of that's coming off for 2017. That will be redeployed into – most of that into the Permian Resources business.
Vicki A. Hollub: That's pretty close to right. We do expect it to be $50 or above in 2017, but certainly we're not as bullish as some people. We're taking, as I said, a conservative view, but it would be fundamentally above $50.
Vicki A. Hollub: The way we view it is the Permian, as you know, is a huge place. There are lots of opportunities. We're looking at this as a goal and an objective in terms of our total expansion, and there are multiple ways to get there. We could get there with several different options, and what we've done is prioritized our options. And we're working pretty much a lot of things to try to ensure that we reach our goals. But we're happy...
Vicki A. Hollub: The goals are to try to match what our growth profile could be in EOR with Resources. And we haven't really put what that means in terms of exact production volumes or anything like that out there because it's hard to do at this point with respect to the EOR business. But we're really in a position because of where our operations are with respect EOR in the Permian, we've got the ability in multiple areas to play a Pac-Man approach where we can acquire a lot of smaller assets that could total up to make a material difference to us as a cumulative acquisition. So we're not opposed to looking at a variety of smaller deals. And again, because of our position, we would have the capability to do that and make it still fit within our goals to try to make sure that these are synergistic with our current operations.
Vicki A. Hollub: That's actually what I'm talking about. We're going to do the same thing in both Resources and CO2 because we have the ability around the areas that we currently operate to add additional properties.
Vicki A. Hollub: Yes, the scale of growth is much easier in the Resources business. In the EOR business, the issue that we have today is that we're constrained by some of our infrastructure. So we feel like some of the expanding to our footprint would enable us to also expand our infrastructure to support some growth, accelerated growth, with not only what we have but what we could potentially pick up.
Vicki A. Hollub: Currently, we don't see an issue with the CO2 that we would need to accelerate growth. We're trying to look at options for where we get the CO2, but I don't see that being a bottleneck for us. I see the current bottleneck being just the fact that it doesn't make sense to accelerate some of our floods where our plants are sized more appropriately for a full field development. So that's really some of the bottleneck is the infrastructure around the existing plants.
Vicki A. Hollub: We expect that would probably be in the $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion range. But with the way the teams are still improving efficiencies and the well productivities are getting better, we're not prepared to commit to that completely at this point. Every time we set a target for those guys, they meet or exceed it, so we're not sure that that's the exact number. We'll know better about that by the end of the year as we prepare our final plans and we get a little more information from our Southeast New Mexico developments.
Vicki A. Hollub: I would add to that that the way they're doing the developments now is they're doing pad drilling. So as Jody mentioned, the pad drilling will result in lumpy production. That's why we're not expecting a production impact from the increased activity levels this year, but we do expect it to show up in early Q1. And that's why we set the program up that way. It was really a part of our plan to start getting ready for 2017 production, so that's when we'll see the incremental from the increased activity.
Vicki A. Hollub: I'll start with Colombia first and then we'll let Jody take the Permian question. In Colombia, what we've done, we entered into – we currently have a water flood going there now that's successful. We got some additional intervals within that same area to develop two other zones. And we've been studying and putting the water flood pilot plans together, so we'll be starting the pilot first. So that's why we're adding the $20 million there to Colombia is to do the pilot so that we can get some information from that before we start into full field development. So the full field development of those water floods will come after we complete the pilot.
Vicki A. Hollub: I think we would expect that from the time that we start water injection that it would be within six months to a year.
Jody Elliott: This is Jody, and good morning. It's more than a sweet spot. I think we're encouraged with Southeast New Mexico across the board, multiple bench development. These examples are over in our Cedar Canyon area. But further east of that area, there's acreage with even more benches that are prospective. So very encouraged with Southeast New Mexico, and the rig adds that we're talking about will likely be in the Delaware and in New Mexico.
Jody Elliott: Guy, this is Jody. I appreciate the question. With regard to the decline, it's really a function of the activity set from this last quarter. One of the things I discussed, we moved a rig and drilled a couple of Wichita Albany wells. We drilled a couple of CO2 source wells. So the activity set in this quarter was fairly low for Resources, which is indicative in the forecast for the third quarter. But in the back half of the year, those rigs are back in Resources. We're going to add rigs. And so we will flatten that decline toward the end of the year and then set us up with the right trajectory for production growth into 2017.
Jody Elliott: Roger, most of our acreage is HBP. We have some drilling clocks, 180-day drilling clocks. But the activity set is driven by the value proposition and the returns from these investments. We have very few remaining lease obligation drilling wells, if any at all.
Jody Elliott: I think that's manageable as long as the ramp up from an industry perspective is fairly moderate. What encourages me, at least for us at Oxy, is that we continue to have new ideas coming forward for cost efficiency. We've mentioned before, last year we had this cost stand-down day in Resources alone that generated over 1,400 ideas. We've put in place about half of those, and we're still vetting the other half for opportunities. And again, that crosses OpEx, capital, SG&A. We have some other technology things we're working on, on the drilling side that we think can provide efficiency gains. We know at some point that the price cycle will turn around on services, but I think we're getting well prepared to offset that with efficiency, not just for us but for the suppliers as well. In the areas of integrated planning and logistics, crew utilization, equipment utilization, bundling of services, there are just a number of things that we think can help offset the potential for either efficiency or cost pressure as we move forward. So I think we can hold those rates of return.
Jody Elliott: It's fairly quick. It's really more a function is it a single well or is it a multi-well pad where you want to drill all the wells and then complete all the wells, so your time to market for that package is a little bit longer. But again, we're drilling in areas mostly where we've got infrastructure, and so adding wells is fairly quick. There's not a long delay.
Jody Elliott: And, John, with regard to Permian acreage swaps, that's probably our most active area right now with our land business. And so most operators are wanting to drill longer laterals, 7,500-foot, 10,000-foot. And so acreage swaps, especially where you've got more neighboring acreage, trying to swap Midland for Delaware is a little tougher. But in a general geographic area, we're seeing quite a bit of activity, and we've taken advantage of that so that we can drill longer laterals.
Paul Sankey: Hi, everybody. Thank you. Vicki, you keep talking about the oil price you're assuming. I assume that that's $50-ish. Previously, you had said that you would add rigs once you became confident that $50 would be sustained along the strip. I assume that you're maintaining the view that $50-plus is what we're going to see and hence you want to accelerate.
Paul Sankey: On the Permian deal, I think you said very clearly you don't want to make a corporate acquisition. I think you need something material to make it worth your while. My sense is that the recent $1 billion type asset packages would not really be of a sufficient scale for you guys to really work the CO2 business in the way that you want to.
Paul Sankey: Is that something – I think you're more or less saying that you feel it's necessary if you're going to maintain the scale of growth that you're aiming for.
