Stephen Chazen: Bill, I think, can rough it out. We're not going to report that separately because it's a little confusing. But we can give you an idea for it.
Stephen Chazen: The first $500 million is related to basically historical costs because I think they've been working on it for 3 years. They're working on it for 3 years. That's the historical cost. We treated it as effectively a bonus payment but it's really related to the cost and some of it is actually accrued. The remaining $500 million is our estimate of what the capital will be for the remainder of the year.
Stephen Chazen: And we own 40% of that, just to remind you. So including the sunk, because the sunk's in the $10.2 million, so we're talking about a $4 billion net to us, $500 million we've essentially already paid. We expect that $500 million will be either paid or accrued this year, another $500 million.
Stephen Chazen: Yes. Thank you. The exploration program is slightly stalled from the permitting process. We hope at the back half of the year, we can catch up. That's the pure exploration. I think we're doing very well on the shale exploration development and that's actually progressing well and the wells are -- we basically have caught up to where we needed -- where we thought we'd be and we're continuing to progress. We're getting a little better results from the completions than we were historically because we probably figured out how to do it better. The Kern County discovery basically, I don't think it will change much until we move -- until we start drilling more of the deeper wells, which won't happen until we get closer to have the new gas plant.
Stephen Chazen: I'd really like to wait another quarter if I could because I got some preliminary results now but having been burned on this in the last year I just assumed we'd be cautious about. I got some good results currently but we'll see if they continue for the next few months. But it's been -- it's really picked up nicely and I think our completion techniques have improved, so I think we're doing better. But I'd like to put off a more detailed discussion for another quarter if I could. But there's nothing in here that's negative. If anything, it's slightly positive.
Stephen Chazen: No, it's a very profitable small operation and really has created very little problems for us over the years. But right now, you actually need a government on the other side to be signing. So I think once the thing stabilizes, we'll be trying to do that.
Stephen Chazen: I think we'll continue to accelerate it. I think that you'll see it certainly by the end of this year. Another by the end of the year, see a much higher rig count in the Permian for us.
Stephen Chazen: We've sort of just taken over. It's still what it was supposed to do but it's still pretty small at this point. Once it becomes more sizable, we'll talk more about it. But right -- it's doing what it's supposed to do. We really just took over. There's nothing really here that's either surprising, good or bad.
Stephen Chazen: Yes, we've had obviously a big first quarter in M&A, which you can see in the numbers. The pipeline now is pretty thin and there's a lot of expensive-looking stuff floating around, especially in the shale plays. So I'm guessing right now that the rest of the year will be pretty -- or the next couple of quarters for sure -- will be pretty inactive for us, except for some small deals maybe.
Stephen Chazen: The governor is focused on jobs in California and so we've indicated that job creation as the permits come, which is fairly obvious. Not something that's hard to figure. The permits that you're looking at there, a lot of those are development permits, which are sort of normal course of business things which we counted on. We did get some for an extension, not an exploration, but extension of a discovery and some permits to drill there, which I think will be good. So we're encouraged but we really have a long way to go. We still have a nine-month backlog, roughly. So the boost there, a lot of that was the normal development stuff within the field, which is not as contentious. And so I'd like to wait another quarter before we say that the tide has really turned.
Stephen Chazen: I think it's likely to move higher as the back half of the year comes. I mean, we've indicated we're going to put more money in so I think we'll probably be higher at the back. I'm hoping it'll be higher at the back -- I'm hoping it'll be higher at the back half of the year. There are some issues floating around here that are sort of technical issues, but I think that big jump up in the early part of the year was drilling within fields and then there's some on this extension, which were look very positive because we focused with the Governor, others on this field extension which is very important to us.
Stephen Chazen: It's a relatively small amount of production. We have -- sort of a special situation, we own the minerals under a slug of it. So we could get significantly better economics at almost any price level than somebody else might. So, and there's obviously some other opportunities there. But right now, I don't think it'll add a lot until for several years. So it'll be a slow buildup and then I think it'll do fine. Obviously, we got a lot. We're, by far, the largest gas producer in the state and some cheap gas, to turn it into oil, strikes me as okay trade right now, although we're not bearish on gas over a multi-year period.
Stephen Chazen: I think what you picked up was -- I don't know what they call it, the advertising numbers rather -- I think that was the baked sort of numbers. I think the real numbers are more modest than that.
Stephen Chazen: Almost nothing. It has a very small contribution and I don't have the number in front of me. But sales number -- so we actually reported what we actually listed. We didn't report any -- so in the Q, I think we'll report the earnings rate of Libya, but it might be $0.01 in the earnings.
Stephen Chazen: I think the answer is, yes, we're doing, I think, better than the average there. We're not interested in solving the whole industry's problem with pushing. We're just interested in solving ours. So I think we're doing better. Our realizations, company-wide, are very good and likely to improve into the second quarter.
Stephen Chazen: Not really because they pass it back to the -- they don't keep it in the Midstream. They pass it back to the oil companies so we can pay royalties on it. So pretty hard to come up with a number. Generally speaking, our basic marketing business does about, putting aside the current situation, does about $1.50 a barrel better than a small producer would. It's clearly a lot wider than that now.
Stephen Chazen: We're looking at the future oversupply NGLs. We're trying to figure out how our Chemical business can reap some of the benefits from that. So we'll probably have some kind of announcement here in the next quarter about how we're going to deal with it.
Stephen Chazen: '12, '13, I think, was probably a better -- I think I said in the next couple of years. So I think made a '12, '13 area.
Stephen Chazen: That's -- yes. Our biggest business unit's the Permian, combined Permian. I didn't split it in 2 so could I make it easier now.
Stephen Chazen: I think those are pretty conservative statements. I think pretty easy for us to see how we could achieve that if -- we had a little bumps in the road, as you're aware. But I think once we get by, whatever you want to call it, the issues here in California, I think you'll see a pretty good growth certainly in the shale production for sure. So I think that because we were focusing on that now because it's fairly predictable. We may not know what 2 wells will do, but we certainly know what 100 will do. So I think we've got a pretty predictable program for the year or so. It'll allow us to build a base and then we can do some more exotic things, if you will.
Stephen Chazen: I mean it might be some that are less, sometimes more. But if you just stick to an average, around $3 million. That's real complete and hook-up, not just drilled.
Stephen Chazen: I'd like to spend more. Just so you understand. This isn't -- we're not limiting them. This is just an estimate for you so you can see what we think sort of what we think we can do. But we would like to spend more if this moves along faster.
Stephen Chazen: A reasonable guess, and there's some variance around it, but on the average, around 400, mostly oil.
Stephen Chazen: I think we're trying to get to the ultimate recovery, I think we're somewhere between 400,000 and 500,000.
Stephen Chazen: I'll try to do it without going nuts. The 10-acre spacing, I think, is fine. It's possible, it could be less but we'll say it's 10. Less meaning a number below 10. We're pretty comfortable that we got more than 200,000 acres, that's fairly safe.
Stephen Chazen: Permitting and people. You got to get the rigs and you don't want to destroy everything. But it's a combination of all those things. But that's sort of where we're headed over the next few years.
William Albrecht: Yes, David, on the CO2 side, it's about 140,000 or so BOE per day and on the primary development side it's around 60,000 to 65,000 a day.
William Albrecht: Yes, Joe, it's mainly acid-jobs driven and we're just simply treating these wells in larger intervals with more acid.
William Albrecht: Yes, Doug, just to give you a flavor. Of the 16 rigs that we have currently running in the Permian, right now 6 of those are drilling Wolfberry wells, which as you know is that interval between the Spraberry and the Wolfcamp. So we've got nearly 50% of our Permian development program designated to drill Wolfberry wells.
William Albrecht: Yes, I mean they make good returns. General IPs are somewhere around 150 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Its ultimate recoveries of 200,000 or so BOE per well.
William Albrecht: Yes, Doug, I mean it's a thick interval, as you know, and so we're doing multistage fracs on these intervals. So frankly, we're not leaving a whole lot behind in terms of recompletion potential. We like to open the whole thing up.
Douglas Leggate: My only follow-up, Steve, is can you talk a little bit about the Lost Hills acquisition. Looks like a steam flood but my understanding this was also historical well data to suggest there is some deep similarities with discovery you had in southern Kern County. So a little bit, if you could elaborate on that and I'll leave it there.
Douglas Leggate: If anyone else is doing a follow-up, I figured I would as well. I think what we're really all trying to get, Steve, is real simple. Let me try a couple here and see if you can frame it. Are you still comfortable with your 10-acre spacing? And if so, how much of the acreage on your current 12-rig drilling program do you believe that you've de-risked out of the 1.6 million acres? And if you could just do the math for us and help us hold our hand a little bit on it, ultimately, when you talk about 200,000 barrels a day of unconventional production, in a conservative statement, what resource are we talking about in the context of supporting that? If you could just try and help us a little bit what ultimately what you see...
Douglas Leggate: Great. One final follow-up if I may, completely unrelated. Wolfcamp activity, could you maybe just give us a little bit color as to what you're doing there in the context of your overall Permian business? And I'll leave it there.
Douglas Leggate: Is there multiple horizons that you're targeting in terms of -- I hear talk of like 7 different recompletions in some of these wells. Is that something you are seeing or, again, if you could just elaborate on how you see the potential, that would be great.
