Vicki A. Hollub: Thanks, Evan. First of all, going back to our cash flow priorities, when we're looking at the use of cash flow from operations, as I said in my script, we first allocate to our maintenance capital, our HES [Health, Environment, Safety] safety and sustainability capital. Then we fund the dividend. Beyond that, what we consider the growth capital, to allocate that, what we really look at is the combination of what it can provide for us in terms of returns, and also what it does for us in terms of long-term cash flow. So when we make the allocation decisions, it's a combination of those two that we need to support our objectives and to continue to support the dividend. But within the portfolio now in terms of what we see in the Permian Resources business, that has been and will continue to be generally our highest return business. And we had this past year – it was really a focus for us. We've said for a long time that the Permian Basin is pretty much the foundation of our company, and so Permian Resources is the main growth engine. However, as you can see from the slide 23, of our free cash flow swing in 2017, $400 million we're expecting to come from our international operations. And of that $400 million, about two-thirds of that will come from our Block 9 contract, which we re-signed last month. So the rest will come from Colombia and Al Hosn. So it's critically important for us to continue to work on growing our cash flow while at the same time ensuring that we invest as much as we can in the Permian Resources business, which for now for us is generating really good returns.
Vicki A. Hollub: Today's guidance was based on the liquidity that we expect to have available to us for 2017. So we don't expect any increase in our capital spend for 2017. We expect $3.6 billion to be the upper end. We'll go into 2018 with what we believe is a pretty strong cash balance, and we'll plan accordingly for increases in capital in 2018 should the market conditions warrant. So what we will look at is we'll look at the prices for not only oil, but in our Chemicals business, and we'll see what the market conditions look like.
Vicki A. Hollub: And, Evan, with respect to the monetization of assets, we're continually looking at opportunities too in our portfolio and prioritizing the projects that we have, and we'll always do that. And there may be opportunities down the road where we may find things that would be better monetized today rather than waiting on development. The issue in the Permian Basin is that everywhere we look, as we look deeper, we find more opportunities. So the Permian is a place where we think that it's first of all very difficult to drill a dry hole there. Secondly, the more you learn about it and the more you engineer it, the better your wells get. And so we value that portfolio, but we're still very conscious of the fact that we need to optimize the net present value. So we'll continually look at that. It's this process that we've gone through that's driven us to exit the non-core areas that we've exited in the last couple years. So we'll continue that process.
Vicki A. Hollub: So, Ed, we have lots of opportunities in both – especially in Oman, where we just recently obtained some seismic over Block 9. So we're doing infill drilling that's very successful. We've got Block 62 gas development. We also see opportunities above and below our current steam flood interval in Mukhaizna. And so we have a lot of potential there, and that's why I mentioned it in my comments. I think people don't realize that actually Oman and Qatar have stacked pay, not exactly as obvious to most of the industry as the Permian is. But they're stacked pay intervals, and we're having success developing outside of what our traditional and original completion intervals were. So we're really excited about what the seismic is showing us. We're also pretty excited about our cost-cutting in Qatar, where our team has been able to develop a modular platform that will be able to enable us to expand what we're doing there at a much lower cost. And I'll pass it to Ken Dillon to talk a little bit more about those, but we have opportunities both in Oman and Qatar to continue to keep production flat, or slightly grow.
Vicki A. Hollub: As I said previously, we're continuing to look at our opportunities to monetize things where it makes sense, where we think that would increase the net present value for our shareholders. And while we're not prepared to talk about specific assets today, we'll continue that process. And as we make decisions, certainly we will share that with you. But it's something that we think about and evaluate pretty much on an evergreen basis.
Vicki A. Hollub: We'll have to see how conditions look in the second half of the year. But currently our plan would be not to increase our capital for this year but to go with the plan that we have in place and to look at what our program next year would look like. But it really is going to depend on how we feel about oil prices.
Joseph C. Elliott: Evan, good morning. The 300,000 acres, I think the way to think about that is it's really development-ready. We've been through that appraisal, subsurface evaluation, infrastructure investment, precursor to getting it to our development team. So that's the 300,000. The difference between that and the 650,000 is that's now in the appraisal queue, being worked. A lot of that is being derisked by competitor activity and our OBO [Operated by Others] activity. So that's the difference between the 300,000 and the 650,000 acres.
Joseph C. Elliott: Roger, for us it's really probably two things. It's better execution efficiency. So we're drilling more wells with the same number of rigs at a lower cost. So our time to market is faster. That changes your economics. The other is subsurface characterization combined with stimulation design. So we're landing our wells in places that we believe give us the highest stimulated rock volume. We're staying in zone at a much, much higher percentage through our drilling technologies. And our stimulation designs, in general you're seeing larger, per-sand volumes tighter cluster spacing. But those are really custom designed by each area. So that's really created a lot of the increase as well as we continue to appraise and derisk new acreage. The 2,500 locations below $50, I would think that's a pretty conservative number given that our approach to spacing we think about in that capital-efficient return-based approach. We don't want to overcapitalize these assets, and so we look hard at what spacing ought to be. We evaluate that. We test different spacing scenarios, and then continue to look at spacing scenarios from our OBO exposure and learn from those as well.
Joseph C. Elliott: Roger, there's plenty of inventory. That projection of the 20% and 30% CAGR is from those core development areas. So there's over 14 years of rig activity if you were at 10 rigs to drill up that inventory. So it's not an inventory question at all to drive those kind of growth rates. And the capital requirement for both the 20% and the 30% growth rates are pretty moderate.
Joseph C. Elliott: It goes back to being capital-efficient and return-focused. We want to make sure we have the subsurface understanding, our execution efficiency, our technology and the infrastructure all timed properly so that you get the best rate of returns. And then the amount of capital that gets allocated goes back to the priorities that Vicki mentioned earlier.
Joseph C. Elliott: It's a good question. I don't think we baked a lot of that improvement in the forward look, so I think there's upside potential. Our type curves represent the production from full-section development. So your first wells may be better than the last well on a section. So our type curves are based on the average, and that forward look is based on the average. So throughout this year, just like we did last year, we expect continued improvement in both cost and well productivity. So I think there's upside to that production plot, both from a pace standpoint, number of wells you drill per rig line, and productivity.
Joseph C. Elliott: So the operated versus non-operated in that core 300,000, you can think 75% to 80% operating position there. With regard to the longer laterals, that's been a great effort by our business unit and our land organization to continue to core up, so doing swaps, doing trades, picking up pieces of acreage to drive that lateral length longer. So I expect us to continue to do that. The majority of our wells will be longer laterals. That's just an average of the whole inventory. Technically there's not a problem. 10,000 feet early on in horizontal development was a bit of a challenge. 10,000 feet is no longer a challenge. We're looking at even the option of 15,000 feet now.
Joseph C. Elliott: So, Brian, the bulk of the development this year will be 7,500-foot or 10,000-foot laterals. If we have to drill a 4,500-foot lateral, it's because we've already developed or started developing a section that way and we really can't change. So most of our wells will be the longer version. On the 350,000 acres we're delineating, it's really multiple things. We're drilling appraisal wells on our own acreage. We're evaluating 3-D seismic. Again, those two equivalent non-operated rigs really are six to eight actual rigs any day of the year. So we get a lot of information from that non-operated position that helps derisk, plus just watching what other competitors do offset of this acreage. So with regard to acquisition, it's going to be a function of what we think about that acreage, what the current position is, what trade opportunities there are to core up before you go down the acquisition path.
Joseph C. Elliott: So we do believe there will be inflation pressure, and you mentioned pumping service. That's probably one of the areas where you'll see it the strongest. But to counter that, we're really working two approaches. One is to continue to get better technically, some innovations that are happening in the drilling space and in the completion s space. We can drill our wells faster and better over time. That will help offset that inflation pressure. But on the commercial side, we're working very closely with a group of suppliers to create the ability for them to have greater margins without just a price increase, more efficiency, better utilization, better logistics management. And so we think the combination of those two things can hold our overall well costs flat or continue to improve it.
