Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Rob. As Richard explained earlier, we expect DAC to play a more important role in our premier and diverse portfolio of assets. We believe tremendous additional potential exists there.  Joining us today for the Q&A session, as Neil had mentioned earlier, will be Ken Dillon, who is Senior VP and President of International Oil and Gas operations but also manages our major projects part of the -- of our business -- the major projects group. So he can answer questions with respect to the construction of the DAC. And Mike Avery, President, General Manager of 1PointFive, as was mentioned earlier. He will answer questions about the business aspects of how we're running and we'll run the DAC and some of the other projects surrounding 1PointFive.  So with that, I'll now turn the call over to the moderator for questions. 
Vicki Hollub: Well, Nitin, I do want to reiterate that we were early consolidators in our industry with the Anadarko acquisition. And we did that because we saw significant synergies there. And those were obvious to us, and they were in the acreage was in an area that made it possible for us to understand the subsurface and to gain those synergies. Now that we've done that, and we more than doubled our production with that acquisition. We've more than achieve the $2 billion of synergies that we had forecast. And now it's considerably strengthened where we are today. But the good thing is we don't have to do acquisitions. Therefore, while our BD group keeps up with and is aware of what's happening in our industry, we see -- we feel no need to have to do anything or be a part of it. 
Vicki Hollub: No, it wouldn't be crazy to say that. I'll go back to what Rob said in his script, and that is that our upstream oil and gas, especially in the U.S. will have the same activity level next year that it's had this year. In addition to that, we'll have $100 million for incremental for Battleground in 2024, and we'll run those 2 drillships in the Gulf of Mexico. So I think that gets you to work to that or above as you go in total all of that. And we'll have more guidance on that, hopefully, the first part of next year. 
Vicki Hollub: Well, we have a lot of confidence in this technology and a lot of confidence that it fits very well with our strategy on a go-forward basis. Not only are we going to benefit from the sale of carbon reduction credits as a part of this technology and our strategy. Ultimately, we also -- while we're continuing to provide sequestration and sailing reservoirs for our customers. We also want to provide CO2 as a product to customers to convert to sustainable aviation fluids. So that's another part of the revenue -- potential revenue stream. And the other thing that we want to do with the CO2 that we extract out of the air is used it in our enhanced oil recovery reservoirs because that's the truest form of emission-free on a net basis oil that can then deliver the fuels that maritime and aviation need. Sustainable aviation fluids, as Richard said, is a necessary thing that we have to develop, the world needs it, and we're going to support developing it by providing products and then potentially doing it through one of our investments that we've made. So that's important. But it's really the thing that's going to change the whole cost curve or the climate transition is for people to ultimately understand that you can use CO2 to generate net zero oil. The way that happens is you inject more CO2 into the reservoir than the incremental oil created or produced by that CO2 will limit when use. That's critically important because that generates a net zero oil that then can be converted to jet fuel and maritime fuels. The thing that's so important about that is not only is it emission negative or on a net basis or emission equal. What it does is that of itself is a lower impact also on the supply chain perspective because you're getting more oil out of reservoirs that exist today. So you're using existing infrastructure, which also reduces the emissions that are associated with the upstream part of the supply chain. Then the other part of that is that -- and using existing infrastructure, that's a lower cost. So that's -- it's what the world needs to use the highest intensity fuel at the lowest cost and the lowest emission level is the way that the world ultimately will need to solve this climate transition. Otherwise, the world cannot afford to cap global warming at 1.5 or 2 degrees. So this is very much needed. So when you look at all of those options, we can -- the revenue streams that we will be bringing into our business will come from all of those options. So having partners in the beginning is critically important for us to move further down the road faster to get this technology to a point where we are comfortable that not only we could build it, but we could license the building to others as well. And once we get to that point, then we're these -- instead of expecting to build 100 of these then we can start to get into the hundreds of them and potentially the thousands that are going to be needed to be built. But we would benefit from all of that. And it's -- sometimes we get criticized for the fact that we're building a business. But without making this commercial, it's not sustainable. And if it's not sustainable, then the world has no other better solution. And again, the world cannot afford the plans as they've been laid out by the UN and others right now. And so we think we have the best solution to move forward, the best kind of business model to make it happen and it will create significant value for our shareholders. We're just going to build the partnerships to make this happen at a pace that's much faster than what we could do just ourselves. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. That's incredibly important to us. There's absolutely no way that we would have the capability to provide all of the capital. We can't do it. We're going to continue to be an oil and gas business because oil and gas is also important for the world. We'll continue our investments in oil and gas and grow our oil over time because our oil will be carbon neutral or carbon negative ultimately. And so that's to me the last barrel of oil produced in the world should come from an enhanced oil recovery reservoir using CO2 from the atmosphere. So we will be doing that.  But you're right, Doug, in that we will be licensing a lot of this out. And we've talked about regional concepts, having partners around the world that can manage and drive their own construction of these facilities as we go. And what would come back to us would be those licensing fees. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. I would just reiterate, we're really excited about not just what we're doing from a capital perspective and the new development, but also what we're doing with the development that we have and Ken has some really good things to share with you about that. 
Vicki Hollub: Thank you all for your questions and for joining our call today. Very much appreciate it. Have a great day. 
Richard Jackson: Yes, that's right. I'll stay on point. The thing I wanted to highlight is just obviously, recovery factor is core to what we're doing. We're really proud of the slides that we keep in our appendix, which shows year-on-year the improving performance for our wells and not over a few days. We look at it on our 1-year [indiscernible]. And it's not only in the Permian, it's in the Rockies. And as Vicki alluded to, we were talking earlier, Ken had some great advancements in the Middle East as well.  The other thing I wanted to say was our appraisal success. So highlight this quarter on the Wolfcamp B well that came through the record well. The ability to go engineer and do those technical things for these new benches is core to what we believe is important as we go forward. And so really proud of that appraisal success. The appraisal wells that we drilled this year, we've already replenished the planned drill wells for this year. So and they're doing it at very low breakeven in terms of adding inventory. So I just wanted to add those 2 things to give recognition to our team and the progress they're making. 
Richard Jackson: Sure. I'm going to start -- I'm assuming the inflation is oil and gas. But if I -- we need to go more broadly we can help with that. We -- I'd say a few things, and maybe this goes back a little bit to the prior question as well. As we sort of hit the end of this year, a couple of things that we've been doing and seeing success is really optimizing our resources specifically rigs and frac if you'll kind of follow our trajectory over the last 2 quarters, we're down 2 rigs and 2 to 3Q and then down another 2. And that's really allowed us to optimize with our contractors, the right rigs, the right crews and seeing some early returns for that with quite a bit better foot per day in both the Rockies and the Delaware. I think as we hit the kind of the fourth quarter, we're not ready to project anything into next year. But we are seeing some areas of improvement, I'd say, across our rigs, also things like oil country tubular goods, sand, fuel these things are leading to a little bit of softening, which we hope can play forward. But our focus really has been on that optimization on efficiency. So -- maybe I'll stop there and make sure you we answer that question. 
Richard Jackson: Great. I'm going to -- I think the way we'll do this, maybe you can start a little bit on inflation as it relates to DAC and then certainly, I want to have Mike talk about the market and what we're seeing with offtake. I think that's an important part of our message. 
Richard Jackson: Yes. I'd answer that a couple of ways, I think. I think one that's been really important to us, and we've tried to highlight is again back to some of the secondary benches in the way we think about those developments. We've been pretty precise in terms of how we put together our DSUs with those in mind. I would say this year, we have increased our -- I'll generalize completion intensity, but it's really frac intensity. And some of that was some of the capital that we put back into the Permian that delivered increasing cash flow for us this year. So I'd say a good portion of that capital increase was due to our increased completion intensity. So as we think about playing it forward, I think over the next several years, we're going to continue to be methodical in the way we develop those secondary benches. They'll ultimately become a bigger part of our portfolio. But we've seen with these positive surprises, the ability to optimize really the next kind of 3- to 5-year type programs some of the success, I would say, even in the Midland Basin that we've seen in the secondary benches, as we looked into this year, I think we changed about half of our development plan due to improvements in our appraisal activity there last year. So I think we'll continue to do what we do, which is really focused on the subsurface. We want to make through our recovery is outstanding, and we want to really DSU across multiple benches to be fit for purpose for the geology for that area. 
Richard Jackson: Yes. Our plans continue to leverage really the work we've done around water recycling, just in general, I'd say, independent of any of the hazards. We just believe that responsible use of water is a big part of what we should do. we actually had a trip here recently to the Permian, got to revisit the large recycling facility that we put together with our partner there in the Midland Basin. And that continues to be helpful not only for Oxy but actually some of our offset peers. So we're expanding that into the Delaware. It's actually a very nice link as you think about other carbon capture projects that we have. Responsible use of industrial water is a technology that we really think is important for the future. So aware of some of what -- you're asking about in some of the hazards that's been identified. But again, we're trying to get out in front of that just in general and recycle more water in all areas of our operations. 
Kenneth Dillon: So far, I'd say construction is going very well. While we are performing extremely well in engineering, procurement and construction phase of the project is basically -- we're moving through the [indiscernible] phase where we've got around 550 people at site into the different trades and we'll move up to about 1,200 people at site by the end of Q1. So far, we've had no issues of paying labor on the field in terms of procurement. We're meeting construction needs at the moment, and we've committed around 90% of the material value that we need. So prices are locked in at the moment. So things are going very well. I think Worley's engineering capabilities are such that we saved quite a bit of money in construction and also, we designed the system so that we can replicate that based on the engineering that we're carrying out today. We're building a digital twin and we're using AI going forward.  On supply chain, I'd like to highlight the visionary vendors. We talked about that early on. We're basically working with companies who have aligned CEOs who are truly supportive and that's made a huge difference for us. As you know, over the last couple of years, there's been huge pressure on electrical and instrumentation equipment. I'd like to highlight Siemens Industries in the U.S. have really helped us out. They've really been committed to this project. And what it means Technip Energies are also very supportive all the way to the CEO. And we've received many suggestions from the visionary vendors on how to reduce the cost of their packages going forward right down to very detailed specifications. I don't know if I can give one example, but one vendor that we visited to assembly lines, one for bespoke equipment and one for standard equipment and they do our attention to, we change one thing in our specification, we could save an awful lot of money. The experience is you don't gain any extra reliability for doing that. Safety performance has been exceptional, so. We're now through 1.2 million man-hours. So overall, things are going as well as expected and in terms of materials that are out with the required on-site dates, we don't really have any. So generally working well together with vendors, broadly fabricators, we have built materials of sites. We built piping racks. We did this as a pilot to reduce fabrication, labor at site. That's worked very well. We'll definitely do that on future decks and that takes you into the mode of, can you get the point where you build a dactyere or you can generate piping materials, air contactor frames without doing all the work at site. So overall, project doing well and getting a lot of help from vendors. 
Kenneth Dillon: It's Ken. Yes, we did see increases in the STRATOS cost estimate, mainly related to general industry inflation, so not specifically because of the back but we also increased cost as a result of incorporating learnings from the CEIC. And I would say it was probably 50-50 in terms of impact of moderate inflation on DAC and it's just general industry inflation, steel prices, materials, et cetera. We're now at the point of the project where we basically locked in pricing. So we feel pretty good and the optimizations were designed to give us improved efficiency for the DAC long term, included heat recovery systems, solid handling upgrades, filtration systems upgrades and electrical upgrades also.  so a number of things of not only inflation, I would say, and not -- definitely not specific to DAC. 
Kenneth Dillon: If I start off with the first part of your question, as part of the development initiatives, we plan to drill and complete 5 wells includes proximity to our facilities tied back to existing subsea manifolds with available capacity. We also do test on 2 promising exploration opportunities in the Eastern [indiscernible] probably have a working interest of around 40%, that aligns to our sort of approach of more shots on goal through partnering.  If I can maybe give some context to Vicki's comments on the last call, we basically see gone through 3 portfolio lenses. One is primary production with base optimization and drilling, including horizontals and stimulation; second aspect is secondary recovery, which is one of Oxy's strengths as a company worldwide with water flooding and artificial lift, including subsea pumping and ESPs. On these assets, very little has been done on water flooding in the past for our reservoirs, and we see significant upside including reservoirs that already have direct analogs nearby. And that's been part of the success of some of the majors in Gulf of Mexico in terms of adding long-term low decline production and reserves to the base. And an exploration, we've now built a new portfolio with a significant new partner base, as you saw in the recent announcement that came from [indiscernible] that looks like a successful approach going forward, and that could be easily tied back quickly to Lucius. So we see this as a way of moving capital between these 3 legs of the stool going forward and we see tremendous upside on the secondary recovery option. 
