Christopher Stavros: Thank you Christie, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Occidental Petroleum's third quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Joining us on the call this morning from Los Angeles are Dr. Ray Irani, Oxy's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Steve Chazen, our President and Chief Operating Officer, Bill Albrecht, President of Oxy’s U.S. Oil and Gas Operations, and Sandy Lowe, President of our International Oil and Gas business. In a moment, I will turn the call over to Dr. Irani for some opening remarks and comments regarding the new management structure we’ve announced recently. Steve Chazen will then review our third quarter and year-to-date 2010 financial and operating results. Our third quarter earnings press release, Investor Relations supplemental schedules and the conference call presentation slides, which refer to Steve's remarks, can be downloaded off of our website at www.oxy.com. I will now turn the call over to Dr. Irani. Dr. Irani, please go ahead.
Christopher Stavros: Not the, don’t get confuse it’s not, we are talking about small fracs jobs not the multi phase fracs. They are traditionally--
Christopher Stavros: I don’t know we booked the reserves deliberately conservatively because that’s what the rules require and in the end it all works out and we don’t see were, whatever the right politically correct phrase for booking it would be with -- is a sensible procedure for us.
Christopher Stavros: Thank you very much for joining us today. And if you any further questions, feel free to please call us in need. Thanks again for joining us.
Stephen Chazen: Sure, medium-term is three years or less. So it will fall clearly within the plan. As we look at where we are right this minute, it’s slightly it will slow up our gas drilling in the Rockies in next year. And so we view this is sort of an offset for that if that’s what turns out gas prices are higher we will spend more money. But if we—I think that’s the way I think about this we were shifting to an oilier base on the medium-term as long as we have these not for attractive natural gas prices.
Stephen Chazen: Yeah David, one of the regions is in the Wolfberry Trend, where we currently have a couple of rigs working and you could probably see some throttle up there particular
Stephen Chazen: It depends on how much they non-deliver, but the extent that’s span making up for shortfalls is $0.25.Robert Kessler – Simmons & Company : Gotcha. Thanks so much.
Stephen Chazen: No. We did a small acquisition in, I think, I’ve told you the story, but we had a small interest in Bakken, 25% interest. The sellers wanted to monetize it. So we looked the numbers and bought them out and that will show up also in the Midcontinent unit. But that’s pretty small in the total.
Stephen Chazen: I think the big change is that the gas price hasn’t met so far and what – but we hope for – or we’d be at this point. So, I would view the acquisitions as a replacement for the gas production that we are probably not going to get next year from the Rockies. So I think we’ll – I think next year’s guidance is probably pretty good.
Stephen Chazen: That’s what we’re looking for and right now we don’t have a reason to change that. But I would caution about the gas in the Rockies is the only place where doing the little seasick rate has.
Stephen Chazen: I don’t know, but we have two rigs running currently and we have planned to go to double that next year and I don’t think we’ll do that. So it’s whatever growth we’ve shown there I think is probably at certainly some risk and so I think the – from my perspective acquisitions are like drilling money, lose the money around and I think the acquisitions will cover that.
Stephen Chazen: I don’t – there is no simple math, because I’ve been unsuccessful in doing the simple math, so even complicated math is difficult. It just depends on how fast they get the wells down and where they drill them and how they get the permits. So and when where they get them. So, I wouldn’t – right now I’m being fairly cautious about in our outlooking process. Yeah. I was just being conscious about our outlooking process right now. I’m always hopeful that they’ll do better, but right now, we’ll stay with fairly cautious for you of this in the short-term.
Stephen Chazen: Yeah, eventually the permits come through. It’s just a matter of when I think we’re probably little optimistic about – or I mean we are lot of optimistic about how fast we get them.
Stephen Chazen: Well, we said that for the purchased gas we’re running $1.10 $1.15 area and the penalty payment is $0.25 would be something this.
Stephen Chazen: Yeah, but basically of what it brings back on the track, on track for what we said we’d be in California.
Stephen Chazen: It started as an experiment and the experiment worked by chance using experiments payoffs. And so and the price we got- we paid for the other three quarters was attractive. So we’ll drill wells out. We can enter cheaply; we will certainly not an area where we’re heavily focused.
Stephen Chazen: No, I mean, some of the wells are oil wells, legitimate oil wells. And so the amount of gas that’s produced is relatively small in the total. And so, I said flattish. So, that’s what I would look for given the outlook right now is we’re actually are drilling real oil wells, not condensate wells.
Stephen Chazen: No, this is clearly a step up in shale drilling activities in the numbers, with pretty sizable increase. The rest of it is, there is sort of stuff we have planned with the shale drilling has picked up and the wells are still running, 300, 400 a day on average, some a lot higher. So, I would go 300 to 400 barrels a day sort of, for a while.
Stephen Chazen: May be a little more and what we are now telling you than we told you in May, there will be couple more rigs.
Stephen Chazen: We don’t really are able to predict this is not an all excited so our goal is to get everything working as we try to run the plant there is some problems in the gathering system traditional well. And we are working on strategy we can make that better [Audio Gap]. Basically, more the old plant had it was on the curtail essentially and this plant is done incrementally so if you are the top one in this plant it’s the only way to get output for three years on the 12, it’s the only way to get two times. So, the plant is a lot steeper it’s more difficult to achieve than the old one.
Stephen Chazen: What we said was no more acreage acquisition, not production acquisitions to make the distinction clear. There really isn’t any sizeable acreage to acquire.
Stephen Chazen: We view all things as sort of money, not whether it’s natural gas or oil. And if you could buy natural, in our view, if you could buy natural gas that essentially -- present or based on current prices, we wouldn’t do, that’s an unattractive thing to do. You got to pay $6 – baked into what we view that is sort of unattractive. So, buying gas at the current market discounted, basically sort of $4 discounted for present ore, we don’t view as an unattractive thing to do. We produce a fair amount of gas and oil, not a pure oil company. And discussing the Permian and then lot of opportunities we think in the Permian for gas, where big processor gas in the basin. So, we prefer to buy oil for real cheap, but if we can buy gas cheap we’ll do that too in our operating areas.
Stephen Chazen: Which makes it longer, it’s an area maybe that hadn’t been drilled before. And so it takes longer to get the permits.
Stephen Chazen: Yeah, David I mean, you’re right. We dispose of all water from this production, be a disposal wells and we have a good many of those on the most of we drill here in 2011, traditionally permitting is not been a problem although I think it is, it’s fair to say it is slow down some.
Stephen Chazen: Well the future finding cost can be a lot less than our historic numbers, because we sort of paid for the production on front. So I think it will be very comparable we’re done, maybe a little less than what we have been doing.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: I got you. And the by extension that most of the step out acquisitions that you might be doing, or enhance the Marcellus or whatever.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Right, so without the acquisitions we can still assume that you’ll meet that 6.2 – base that you talked about within that …
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Okay, and then finally to California performance, is that a simple math that we can do in terms of the number of rigs running relative to the production and kind of spin that forward, are there any pitfalls that you’d warn us against in terms of making that math to how…
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Right, okay thanks and Let me congratulate Ray and Bill for the management changes and success for the past.
