Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Rob. I would like to thank our shareholders for voting with the Board at our recent Annual Meeting and defeating a proposal that if approved, would have been counterproductive as we work towards achieving our net 0 ambition. Our quantitative short-, medium- and long-term goals for Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions are directly aligned with the goals of the Paris Agreement, our competitive strengths as a carbon management leader and our strategy to achieve net 0 before 2050.  With our journey towards net 0 fully underway, we presented a market update in March on our low-carbon business strategy. We provided details of the market opportunity and our plans to deliver climate and business solutions that leverage our assets and capabilities in carbon management, including CCUS. We are advancing the technological solutions that can deliver large scale and rapid emission reduction throughout our value chain. Additionally, our low-carbon strategy creates value for our existing businesses while, at the same time, helping to accelerate the path to net 0 for ourselves and other leading companies in multiple industries.   We'll now open the call for your questions. 
Vicki Hollub: Well, I think that by the time we get to 2023, certainly, our balance sheet, we believe, is going to be very, very healthy versus where we started. So as Rob has mentioned, we expect to have the cash to be able to go beyond the $8 billion this year and every dollar above the $5 billion. That's the $3 billion of -- including the $3 billion of share repurchases in that $8 billion. So any free dollar above that would go to debt reduction. So we do expect to make significant progress with that this year.  With respect to production increases for 2023, we are going to increase throughout the rest of this year. And going into 2023, the production that we have is always a result of the programs that we put in place. And so it's going to determine the development programs that are in place by the end of this year, heading into 2023 and what we see as the appropriate pace to deliver the most net present value. And we've said before that, that could be between no growth and 5%. But as we look at the macro towards the end of the year and lay the uncertainties that we see today, we'll be able to finalize that and as you -- as we always do, let you know towards the beginning of next year. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. We still feel really good about what we're doing in the Gulf of Mexico for the next few years. As you know, we've talked recently about the full-field development look at all the structures and the opportunities and high-graded. And then we've already started now working on a subsea -- or subsurface pumping system that will enable us to increase production.  Also, we're doing some additional work around rescheduling some of our development opportunities based on the exploration success that we've had and that we see. So I think certainly, we have the assets, we have the permitting capability there to continue to maintain that cash flow over the next few years. Beyond that depends on some of the success of the exploration that we will be executing this year and early next year. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. And my comment on that was definitely related to those who don't already have their plans in place and didn't already have their materials lined up to purchase. So anybody trying to increase activity at this point, not only in the Permian but also worldwide, would have a very difficult time being able to do that.  And with respect to the macro, I really don't think there's been a time since I've been in our industry where inventories and spare capacity are both very low. And then you couple that with the supply chain challenge. So I think that there are a lot of headwinds to increasing production worldwide. And there's never been a time, I don't think either, that companies have been trying as hard as they can to increase production. But we can't destroy value, and it's almost value destruction if you try to accelerate anything now. And some of the longer-term projects just can't get started because of the costs involved. Now for those of us that had plans in place -- and there are other companies that have done this too. But for those of us that had plans in place and had these plans in place early enough, we've been able to mitigate some of the impact of the inflation. And I'll let Richard detail some of that. 
Vicki Hollub: Doug, we don't share the discussions that we have with other shareholders, as you know. But I can tell you that we always consider ways to add value to our shareholders, and we'll continue to do that. So we really can't disclose any private conversations with other shareholders. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. This year, we did have some things that we needed to catch up on. As you know, we were at $2.9 billion last year, and that didn't sustain some of our lower-decline assets. So we are -- that's part of the reason that we have a little more OpEx in Permian, that is to restore some CO2 to some of our CO2 floods and also to do some workovers to get some wells back online.  So as we're going toward -- forward and looking at what's the optimum level of capital for the -- these assets to deliver the most value, we are taking into consideration what should we do, where should we allocate capital, so even the assets that in a sustainability scenario would be lower capital. It's just that the lower-decline assets take a little longer to catch up, but then they don't decline as quickly. So if I'm understanding your question, to get us to where we would continually be at a higher rate, which should happen going into next year, I think that we'll be where we need to be to have every -- the capital into every asset that we have optimized. 
Vicki Hollub: I would say that, that is probably a little higher than the sustaining rate. But it's the rate that we feel is appropriate on a go-forward basis to optimize the development within each of those portfolios. Our sustaining capital is still at that $3.2 billion in a $40 environment. So we have the increase in prices that comes with not being in the $40 environment, I should say.  We have -- on the waterfall, we show you a little deflation as costs go back down to a cycle that looks more like $40 than where we are today. So there's an uplift in costs associated with that. And then there's the $250 million that we put into the CapEx for this year that's more related to inflation, albeit we're just trying to offset $50 million of that. But that's also dollars that are not going into delivering incremental oil. It's just to pay the costs due to inflation. So it is at the rate that -- going into next year, would be at a rate that should deliver year-over-year a little bit of an increase in production. 
Vicki Hollub: I would say, Paul, on the midstream business, because of all the uncertainties in the world and there are a lot of those, we've taken a very conservative approach on our forecast for pricing of sulfur and NGLs mainly. And with that, I want to say I very much appreciate all the calls today, and I want to thank our employees for their commitment and their exceptional performance that's been able to help us resume our delivery of return on capital employed and of capital to shareholders. So have a good day. Thank you. 
Robert Peterson: Yes, Michael. Thanks for the question. So we haven't provided any guidance for 2023 and beyond at this point. I think what we've indicated in the notes was that as we complete the $5 billion and the $3 billion this year and then apply the balance of any additional cash to the balance sheet, driving that gross debt down into the high teens, that we would anticipate translating -- less of the debt reductions being the priority and more attack the debt on a -- as it comes to maturity basis. And so that would imply, in the 2023 and beyond, a re-shifting of our priorities such that shareholder returns and other priorities will move towards the higher end of the scale. 
Robert Peterson: No. So Michael, our history as a company has been fairly hedge adverse. Our belief is that our shareholders will ultimately receive and the company will receive the best value for the commodities we produce and sell if we just move with the cycle throughout the entire cycle. We did deviate from that because -- in 2020 due to the amount of maturities we had coming due at the time. Since then, the combination of the trough driving out, the moving out of certain maturities, the paying off and certain reduction of debt that we've talked about and the combination of creating a sustainable business at a much lower price has removed some of that.  And also, I would say that there's other pieces to it with our chemical business, our midstream business, international business that operate a little differently in some of those price environments, creates other built-in hedges towards that. And so I don't see us going towards hedging to try and attempt to mitigate any of those risks. I mean we have a pretty manageable debt profile now, particularly for the balance of the decade. With the work that we did in the first quarter, we only have 2 years, '25 and '26, that have any maturity towers that exceed $2 billion, and that will certainly be a focus as we move forward. So I don't really see the need for hedges to mitigate any of the risks moving forward.  And as Vicki outlined on our last call, the dividend approach is meant to be sustainable at low prices. The share repurchases will make that dividend that much cheaper at low prices for us. So I think we're doing the right things to protect from low price environments the business without having to artificially try and protect with hedges. 
Robert Peterson: Yes. It's a good question, Jeanine. I think that the -- as we laid out last quarter and what I've tried to convey in my remarks is we would complete the $5 billion of debt reduction and then initiate share purchases. I think that based on being at 3.6 where we are today, and as we've demonstrated, we have a combination of the open-market repurchases, tenders, make-whole provisions, et cetera. All that are attractive in the current environment simply because of the rise in treasuries, that achieving that is not going to be a heavy lift in the quarter. And we anticipate that proceeding with share repurchases during the quarter is reasonable to expect during Q2.  And so the timing of how long it takes to complete the share repurchases is going to be really dictated by the pace at which we're able to retire and bring those shares in. The stock is obviously very liquid. We have at our disposal lots of different mechanisms to actually acquire the shares. We're going to do it in a way that is most constructive and bring most value to the shareholders in the process.  And then, we do have cash available beyond that, which the current pricing environment would certainly suggest we would have cash well above those 2 pieces of -- $8 billion between those 2 programs. We would resume applying that back to the balance sheet in the process for the balance of the year. And then... 
Robert Peterson: Yes. So the preferred -- so obviously, the preferred -- if you look at the $3 billion of share repurchases and add into that the dividend of $0.13, assuming that those are flat for the course of 4 consecutive quarters -- or 3 consecutive quarters, et cetera, you're still not going to quite be at the level of triggering the $4 per share Berkshire trigger. And so as we've indicated, once we go beyond the $8 billion we've laid out for debt and share repurchases, we would intend to continue reducing debt, again, with the goal being to get that gross debt down into the high teens, where, based on our conversations with the 3 rating agencies, is one of the key waypoints we need to do to achieve investment grade.  There are several other metrics they provide to us that we're doing very well on relative to. We certainly know that they're going to -- that a lot of these metrics are in place today based on commodity prices. And so continuing to make that progress will help those metrics further to be constructive even in a more moderate price environment. So that's the reason why we're talking about going back to the debt beyond the share repurchase. We do think it's very important for us to achieve that investment-grade status or get to those investment-grade type metrics. And so I would look at the Berkshire as more -- the potential of Berkshire as more a product of the strategy we're moving this year as a potential, more than being a driver of the strategy this year.  And so if we find ourselves in a constructive commodity price environment, we've achieved those debt targets we've talked about, we've got those investment-grade type metrics and we're having constructive discussions with those agencies about being investment grade, then I think you are in a position, as both Vicki and I laid out in our comments, that you could see a transition for us away from being -- debt being the predominant consumer of cash that we're generating beyond spending for the business and end up being something more targeted towards shareholder returns. And for us, as we discussed, we laid it out before, that the favorite way of returning value to shareholders beyond the dividend is through share repurchases because it does increase the sustainability of the dividend in lower price environments. We also have outstanding warrants. We know that those are sources of dilution. We also issued common shares as part of the acquisition. So it's a prime way for us to reduce it.  And if we do make a nominal increase in share repurchases in that 12-month period, it will automatically trigger the provision of targeting the Berkshire. So it's not a choice of do you want to trigger the Berkshire. If we cross that $4 threshold, we will begin the process of the common return and the return -- and the reduction of Berkshire preferred.  And so sitting here today in May, 8 months away from January of 2023, we're not in a position to forecast where our cash flow is going to be in the first quarter or where it's going to be at. But if we can accomplish these goals, it puts us in a position where we have the optionality, similar to the optionality Richard described and discussed about production exiting the year, of being able to be in a position where through additional shareholder returns, we would trigger Berkshire and begin reducing the principal of the Berkshire in the process of doing that.  And so we have some ground to hoe to get there. The commodity price environment is very constructive for us right now. The current -- certainly, the strip prices suggest this is very achievable, and we're doing the right things in the business in terms of driving cost out and keeping costs down in the process. So the combination of that, the chemicals business performance, our portfolio are all setting us up to be successful in that.  We're not very big on forecasting our cash flow in subsequent quarters or what we're going to do quarters away from this. But I think we've provided you with what our expectations are to do with cash for the balance of the year. And if all those things happen, it puts us in a position where to increase share returns, we would be going after the principal on the Berkshire at that point. 
Robert Peterson: Yes. The challenge with it is, is this is not just the premium. It's also the return to the shareholders, too. And so it's not just considering the premium on the Berkshire of the 10% through 2029. It's also that there's got to be an equivalent value returned to the shareholders at the same time. And so versus retiring the debt, like what we're going to do the balance of this year, where every dollar that goes to debt reduces our gross debt, going into -- when we retire the Berkshire, it will reduce shares by an equivalent amount but will also reduce -- possibly split -- bifurcate it into the 2. And so $1, half of it goes towards shareholders and half of it goes towards the Berkshire.  And so I think once we achieve the ability -- if we start retiring the Berkshire, we're certainly going to want to deviate and put -- whatever cash we're applying to debt reduction will be going towards the Berkshire, which, the way that our maturity is laid out today, is not very difficult for us to do. I mean we don't have any maturities of any meaningful size until the second half of 2024 at this point. Even that isn't very large in scale. And so we have the ability to allocate all the cash that we have available to us, if we want to, towards shareholders and Berkshire return, if we're doing that at that point, without having to retire the debt because we don't have any maturities over that period of time. 
Richard Jackson: David, this is Richard. Let me start with that. I think the way I'll try to answer that is kind of talk through the cadence of how we entered the year and maybe how that translates to second quarter into the second half of the year. So very pleased with really where we landed in the first quarter. We had a beat for the onshore U.S. and specifically part the Rockies, but also part the Permian. And really, that was on a bit of uncertainty at the time we provided that guidance around final recovery of the weather event and then certainly contemplating some of the supply chain challenges that the industry saw.  And so we are very pleased where we landed in the first quarter. From an activity ramp-up plan, we're able to add the rigs that we started in the fourth quarter into the first quarter. So really, we're at near activity level for the rest of the year. We're at about 17 rigs and 5 frac cores in the first quarter.  I think importantly, as we think about this, the time to market was on pace. And so we actually finished 2 wells online better in the first quarter and increased our total year outlook by 10. And so that was very important for us to continue to deliver that time to market on pace. But as you think about sort of this inflection of growth going into the second quarter and then the back half of the year, March was 24,000 barrels a day better than February. And I think below that, 62% of the first quarter wells were online in March and really late March. So again, very pleased with that sort of ramp-up and then transition.  If you go back into last year, it was really -- I think we talked about on the last call a lot of transition from DUCs in the Rockies, which carried a lot of production into what I would consider a much more steady-state drilling and completion cadence really in the second quarter of this year and to the back half of the next year. So we expect to really benefit from that. And so when we think about really the second quarter, we hit this -- add a couple of rigs, as you mentioned, in the Permian, to hit the 16 and really 18 overall or net rigs. Really not a big change because our net rigs stay about the same with the drop of the Rockies in the back half of the year.  But you can start looking at the Delaware. It's a really important area for us to deliver this growth. We have 30 wells that were online in the first quarter. Really, the second quarter, that goes to about 40. And then the back half of the year, that increases to about 50 per quarter. And so feel good about that delivery schedule in the Delaware. Again, going back to last year, we had about 7.5 rigs in the second half of last year in the Delaware. In the first half of this year, we'll be at 12.  And so again, as we went from DUCs to drilling, that was really the next stage of the steady-state recovery. And then we'll enter into the full sort of completion, online schedule for the back half of the year. And so the good news is those wells are coming online very well. I think of all the wells -- and I pulled out this morning the Texas Delaware. I think we had 23 wells online in the first quarter that averaged -- they all average over 4,000 barrels a day on a 24-hour IP. So time to market is in line. Production's in line.  And then the final thing I would say as we think about the back half of the year is really protecting that base. And I think part of the Rockies beat, we were real pleased with -- they're about 2% better on base than what we had in the plan. And so being able to protect that base production makes it a lot better. So when you look at time to market, you look at well performance and then you look at sort of our takeaway position and flexibility in the portfolio, we feel really good, continue to work with WES on strong uptime and sort of operability, been able to look beyond 2022.  And so that final component of really derisking what we're trying to do is very important. So I think we -- to kind of land on where you ended your question, I think, we feel really good about where we are this year. I think we've got flexibility in the back half of the year, as Vicki said, to adjust activities and really hit what is the right capital and development program for next year to hit really what the plan needs to be given the macro conditions and what we're trying to do as a company. 
Richard Jackson: Matt, so thinking about the DJ this year and then into next year, we feel good about the progress we're actually making with our permits. I think the decision to move the rig to -- allocation to the Delaware is really allowing us to get our development plans in place for 2023. We've got -- I think we mentioned in the prepared comments we've got permits approved to take that 1 rig into next year. We've got another 50 sort of wells that are across a couple of pads that are in the various stages of approval but we feel good about where they're at. And then we have another 200 that are part of a larger sort of program that we're working through the system.  I would say we've got a lot of engagement obviously over the last year thinking about this. We've got a lot of improvements in technology and some things that I think will really fit well into the permitting expectations, both locally and at the state level. So really, as we go into next year, we would be capable of really getting to -- back to that 2-rig level and perhaps even more.  And so from a well count perspective, it could look very similar to where we started this year for the DJ in terms of count. But the challenge for us is to obviously develop responsibly, work with the local communities, work with the states, put together the best plan we can. But when we do that, we want to be prepared to develop because those are some very good wells for us within our portfolio. 
Richard Jackson: Sure. I'll just give you a few details from the U.S. onshore perspective, where we had factored this into our plans, like Vicki said. If you remember -- if you go back, really our first quarter message, we had up to 10% contemplated in our upstream capital budget. And we've certainly seen that. We feel good still with our capital outlook because of those plans and sort of what we had factored in for uncertainty within that range.  But I'd say a couple of things. One, I'll speak quickly on inflation mitigation. But importantly, for us -- most importantly for us, maintaining those operational efficiencies and that time to market, wells online schedule was very critical. And so you'll continue to hear us talk a lot about what we're trying to do to work with our service partners to protect that.  But from an inflation perspective, I mean, the 2 big ones: oil country tubular goods. We knew going into the year, see that. And we have -- we've had some  tubulars over 100%, and that's meaningful. It's about 7% of our capital, and so that has been meaningful.  The one that had a little bit more dynamics, I think from an industry perspective in the U.S. and the Permian, was really sand. But felt good. We've worked through that well in the first quarter and good where we're at today. We think about sort of where is price and where is supply and we feel good about our supply situation. We didn't have any disruptions in the first quarter that impacted that wells online schedules. We're able to maintain schedule there.  Part of that is design. We've been able to work with our development teams to be able to manage really both white and regional sand into our designs based on that supply. The other is our primary sand supplier and the use of Aventine. So again, that facility became very helpful for us in terms of storage and last-mile logistics in terms of what we're doing. And so that was really good.  The last thing around sand that I think played well for us, and we appreciate, again, our service partners with this, we moved back to a bit more of an integrated strategy with our frac providers. And so that included sand -- being able to supply sand, but it also included trucking and fuel. And so both from a trucking perspective in terms of moving sand to that last mile logistics, we were able to get some help from our frac providers; and then from a use of our Tier 4 dual-fuel perspective, that fuel supply. And so that played out very well for us.  We feel like we're in a good position. We feel like we're mostly locked in on price for the rest of the year. But that sort of decision and work we did with our service partner played out very well. 
Richard Jackson: Paul, this is Richard. Maybe I'll start with just a little bit of the sort of U.S. contract and talk around it in terms of inflation. We can start there to kind of give you a view of how it's going into the back half of this year and into 2023.  I think from -- some of the critical components like rigs and frac core, we have flexibility going into the back half of the year we have some contracts that do not extend into 2023. So again, as we sort of land on what the final 2023 plan is, we've got some flexibility there. We also want to make sure we've got the highest performing crews and rigs that we can.  Again, from an OCTG and sort of sand supply, I think one of the real advantages we have beyond what I mentioned earlier is that we're operating most of our activity within 5 core development plans. So we've got this year about 80% to 90% of our activity within 5 areas and would expect that to continue into next year. And that -- those designs being locked in gives us the advantage of being able to schedule out things like sand delivery and tubular. So both of those we'll order out 6 months in advance. We'll be able to secure the pricing that we can. And those represent really the biggest uncertainties in terms of inflation going into next year.  The rest, we obviously work contracts globally. So work with Ken, whether it's Gulf of Mexico or internationally, to be able to work with our service providers as best we can to sort of do that global view in terms of our need. So we feel good, again, where we stand this year in terms of supply and price, and we'll be looking in the back half of this year to get that firmed up into next year. 
