Steve Chazen: We’ll just see how the stock responds. If we see an opportunity, we could accelerate it. If not, we will wait. But you should expect continued reduction in the share count through the rest of this year, and into next year.Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. My follow-up is really kind of related, I guess, because you’ve given us an idea what the free cash flow could look like for the residual company. And obviously, it would seem that even with this step-up in spending in the Permian, you’re still going to have substantial free cash available, especially from this business. So I guess what I’m kind of thinking are what are your plans on a go forward basis? The Permian is going to grow but would you expect the growth per share would be the kind of metric and the buybacks to become a more ratable piece or are the acquisitions in the Permian something that is still appealing to you over time? And I will leave it there. Thanks.
Steve Chazen: Yes. On the acquisitions right now, it is really not accretive. Generally speaking, the public markets are way ahead of the cash markets. The public markets could be right and the cash markets could be wrong. But right now I don’t find acquisitions to be particularly interesting and we’re not doing anything that is dilutive. So I think as far as acquisitions, I think that’s unlikely. As we look forward, in our cash flow, we expect our earnings per share, fees starting with the current levels, to continue to grow. We hope it will grow this year, and we expect it to grow going forward. We expect our cash flow per share, if you want to use that metric, to continue to grow and we expect the dividends to grow. Share repurchase, I think for the next several years, I doubt if the company will need to do a large scale, any kind of major acquisitions. I mean there are always little pieces to be picked up. But I think the company will continue to use the cash flow to grow dividends where it’s predictable cash flow growth and to repurchase shares where it is less predictable. Some modest debt reduction to go with the smaller scale of business. But that’s – I think what people should expect, they should expect better earnings, better returns on invested capital, they should expect some continued reduction in the share count, at a modest, more modest rate after this process is done and growing dividends.Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I appreciate that. Thanks, Steve.
Steve Chazen: Yes, we’re not doing wealth destructive divestitures. So, if we got a price that was sort of comparable the way we trade, I think that’s one thing. But the cash market is just simply not that strong right now. And so our plan, it makes around 20,000 a day of production. We restarted our development program. And so, I think it will grow modestly over the next year or two. We don’t have – and we’ll just see what the markets give us going forward. I’m sort of – we could either grow it or we could divest, but right now, the cash just doesn’t get the kind of proceeds that we think are intrinsic in the business.
Steve Chazen: The scale. It is 20,000 a day, the scale was below what we’ve been wanting. We probably need about a 40,000 or 50,000 a day business. The business has actually done better on an operational perspective over the last year, than it had done historically. And so I think its sub optimal scale. Perhaps at some point in the future there might be an opportunity to merge it in with somebody else. But right now, I think we’ll just keep it there. It’s not doing any – it may be doing some modest good, and not doing any harm right now.
Steve Chazen: If there was stuff at the same price. The market is not – it’s not a robust market. And so the companies trade for much more than relative basis than people offered us for the asset. So, what they were trying to do is do accretive acquisitions for their company I’m sure but with multiple differences – difference.
Steve Chazen: Yes, on the P-Ons, we’re in discussions with a private party to create a joint venture. They have a fair amount of interest in the P-Ons, we have a fair amount of the current plan as to put them together, run them as a private business for a while and then at some point in the future they would have enough scale to go public.
Steve Chazen: There is always small things for sale but nothing that’s moved the needle a lot. The Plains thing, I think it expires at the end of the year, toward the end of the year, and we will be looking to see what we can do early next year.
Steve Chazen: Maybe, we’ll let Willie, to talk about – we’re a large gatherer in the basin. Maybe we could talk a little bit about our gathering system in the Permian.
Steve Chazen: Permian. So, we’re a big gatherer not just of our own but other people’s crude and we may have more flexibility than maybe some of the smaller producers.
Steve Chazen: Right now we have a lot of gas potential in the state. We could increase our gas production substantially. Right now, the oil drilling has got significantly better margins, and significantly better returns. If that changes, gas prices go up some more, some of our stuff I’m sure is economic in the 4.00, 4.50 area but just not as economic as $100 oil. And so, I think right now, we’ll keep our gas drilling modest in California, but clearly, when a California company is separate, they could take a different view of this and maybe have somewhat different return standards than we do.
Steve Chazen: Yes, those are gross operated and the capital is sort of a mix. And but it doesn’t include the non-operated wells because we don’t know what that will be.
Steve Chazen: Well, I think it’s a fair way to describe that it’s basically supposedly regulated by the State of California, that’s where the laws were setup in California, not regulated by every town. To the extent that towns don’t want us there, we won’t be there. We’ve got lots of acreage in California, there is lots of counties and towns that would like us there, want the jobs. Some of these places that don’t want us have very high unemployment rates. And if they don’t want us there, it’s just fine. So far, these areas are not significant portions of our total position in California. They’re some relatively small positions, they’re being stirred up by people who don’t like oil and gas. And so, I think one of the California company is up and running, one of their major tasks will be to – and major focus would be on dealing with political issues in California. But noise, is sort of what California produces, the political guy wants to talk about fracking or something, that’s certainly no one you think about it. And just for the completeness, I think the Beverley Hills City Council voted of our fracking within the borders of the City of Beverley Hills. Now, initially I thought I misunderstood what they were saying and then they were kind of outlaw their most important export product. But actually I don’t – there are wells that have been proposed to be fracking in the wells or they were, I think there is one field there that’s been there for about 50 years. These are – they’re just politicians trying to make some good statement, maybe to people in Beverly Hills that parked their Rolls Royce’s and drive bicycle going forward.
Steve Chazen: Yes, I think so. But I think we’ll stay with the top cortile for now. We’ve got more to do. I think that things are getting better, our overall costs we didn’t say it actually, overall cost of the company are 9% better than the comparable wells drilled from last year and so far this year. So, I think we’re getting better. But we’ve still got more to do, more cost to be saved, better completion techniques, I think Vicki has been pretty forth right about, what she wants to accomplish in that. So, I think there is more to do, just good, it will never improve, continuous improvement that will never end.
Steve Chazen: The dividends, the way this thing is set up, there is a dividend from the post California company, company will be able to increase its dividends at a reasonable pace going forward. And the goal is not to have it reduce its dividend or hold it flat like some others have done, people should expect the same kind of increases, the percentages maybe different but the same kind of increases that they’ve enjoyed in the past.
Steve Chazen: Yes, they are out, we would like to buy it. I think it’s available. So, their outlook talking to investors who want to do the credit support for Fibro. But in any case, their book is declining over the next couple of quarters.
Vicki Hollub: We expect to double our rig count from this year, and two years, to double, so going from the 23 peak that we will have this year to possibly 46 in 2016. For horizontal rigs, this year, as you know, as you just said, in Q3, we will be going to 18 horizontal rigs and expect to end the year, this year with about 21 horizontal rigs. We’ll increase that from the end of the year 21, going up toward 2016. We don’t have an exact number as to what the horizontal rig count will be of that total but we expect it to be about double.
Vicki Hollub: In the Texas Delaware, I can talk about basically what we expect our well potential to be. It’s going to be in that area, we expect to drill over 1,000 Wolfcamp wells, depending on the productivity of some of the benches that we have yet to test. So this is, the over 1,000 is based on the benches that we feel pretty comfortable with today. That would be in that Barilla Draw area plus the surrounding acreage. So, that would be for all of Texas Delaware.
Vicki Hollub: In the Midland Basin, we expect that the acreage that we have listed there for the three areas that we show, we expect our prospective acreage to be about that, for the Midland Basin from what we know today, from the appraisal work that we are currently doing.
Vicki Hollub: Some of the decline of our gas assets was in excess of 25%, and that’s why we made the switch to move to more towards some of our conventional EOR projects and water floods. We’ve had some gas declines that were actually greater than 30% as well. So we’re trying to lower that decline and we’ve now been able to lower the decline of Elk Hills over the past few years by switching more towards our heavier liquids drilling and development.
Vicki Hollub: Currently, the number of wells is a gross number, and the capital is a net number. We don’t quite have here in front of us the net number on the wells.
Vicki Hollub: Yes, we have close to 2 million in prospective acres in our Permian resources business unit and currently we’ve identified over 4,400 well locations to drill. So we’re not short on inventory yet because we’re still in the process of evaluating some of the other benches, too. So, we expect the well location number to go up with time.
Vicki Hollub: I think the important thing to remember for us is that with wells, horizontal wells we’ve drilled to date, we’ve really only drilled about 1% of our potential. So if you look at these kind of plays, normally that well count goes up significantly over time as you get to the other benches to appraise those. So, I think our estimate right now is conservative based on what we have available to evaluate and expect that number to continue go up as we learn more.
Vicki Hollub: I’m going to just be honest, I’ll have to take a guess on this. I haven’t looked specifically at that number recently. But I believed it would be about $35,000 to $40,000 incremental over the gas lift, it could be a little bit more than that.
Ed Westlake – Credit Suisse: Hi, yes, good morning. Yes, I just wanted to get a little bit more color on how you see the Permian developing. You’ve given us some extra disclosure on the Midlands. You got 40,000 acres there, plus you say you could double or 80,000. You’ve given us a 1,000 locations as the number for Barilla (ph) Draw. And then you got this large sort of acreage position in New Mexico. I guess the concern people have is that as you accelerate the rig counts, you guys don’t have as much inventory as some of the say pure plays in the region. So I’m just trying to get a sense of where, apart from what you’ve disclosed today we should be thinking would be the growth area in your existing organic portfolio? Vicki can answer that, I think better than I can, but we’ve disclosed how many acres we have that’s prospective and we just highlighted the areas in this call that are going to affect the production over the next 2 or 3 quarters. It wasn’t intended as what might be there for the next 20 years. But I think Vicki can probably answer better than I can.
Ed Westlake – Credit Suisse: And I guess that, just to be clear again, that 4,400 or 4,500, that’s the net locations operated or what’s the definition of that? So we can compare that apples with apples.
Ed Westlake – Credit Suisse: Okay, great. And then, specific question on Barilla Draw. I mean, you’ve got 88% liquids, just a sense of how much of that NGLs and how much of that is condensate. IPs are looking good but just trying to get a sense of the liquid mix? Thank you.
