Vicki A. Hollub: Doug, we've been looking at this. We've had ownership in this area for a while now. And what made us very attracted to this is the fact that it has the potential for five-bench development and the fact that it's so close to our Barilla Draw area where we've already installed infrastructure. We believe that the infrastructure in Barilla Draw combined with the infrastructure that was installed by a very prudent and efficient operator will enable us to combine the two and provide those synergies around that infrastructure to share that. The five benches, the shared infrastructure, and the operational efficiencies that we'll gain by combining these two areas and becoming operator of it where we can manage the development to maximize the net present value we believe was the best use of our cash at this point. This inventory fits within the less than $50 per barrel breakeven price for us or the price that generates positive NPV of $10 for us, so that we think is very prospective. We like how it fits. We believe that we can further develop Barilla Draw. It will help with the economics there. So the combination of the two of them provides us quite a bit of net present value.
Vicki A. Hollub: The one to two rigs would be the initial starting point for us on this acreage. We expect to spend about $200 million in 2017. But in 2017, remember now, we're still trying to balance cash with what our expectations are around oil prices. We do expect improving prices in 2018, which is where we expect to really launch into a much more aggressive development of both Barilla Draw and this new area. So we expect that we're going to be very aggressive with the development on this once we get into 2018, where at that point we expect the supply gap to narrow such that the prices will warrant a much higher level of activity.
Vicki A. Hollub: And, Phil, with respect to the bolt-on acquisitions, we look at a lot of things in the Permian. And this is the first thing that we've seen in a while that really fits well with our current operations and really made sense from a long-term development standpoint. You may have heard our name associated with some things in here recently that – those are things we didn't bid on. We look at a lot of things, but what we always want to do is make sure that it's a good fit. and as Doug had alluded to, that our net present value of what we expect our development to be is going to cover the cost of the acquisition. And so that rules out a lot of things for us.
Vicki A. Hollub: And we've said previously, although it's not final yet, that our capital spend would probably be in the range of $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion for Resources.
Vicki A. Hollub: Ryan, I would just say that with respect to our takeaway capacity out of the Permian, we're very well positioned there. We have excess capacity above and beyond what we expect our growth to be. That's been a little bit of a drag on our Midstream business here recently, but we expect that to be a real benefit to us going forward.
Vicki A. Hollub: I'll tell you, Brian, we consider that, covering our dividend with cash flow, to be a priority for us. It's very critical. But we do view 2017 as a transition year. We don't expect prices to get to the point where it's reasonable for us to cover our dividend with cash flow until 2018. That's why we're ensuring that all the decisions that we make will enable us to get through the transition year of 2017. We have other levers we need to pull if that supply/demand balance doesn't narrow in 2018, so there are other things that we can do. But we're certainly expecting an oil price that is certainly closer to our cash flow neutral standpoint.
Vicki A. Hollub: We viewed this acquisition as a very unique opportunity because of the reasons I've described. We don't see any need to acquire any additional acreage unless it's smaller bolt-ons that do provide us the efficiency to develop what we currently have, and those are the types of things that we would target going forward. Our inventory is huge, and we still haven't fully appraised the inventory we have. So what we view this to have done is in the greater Barilla Draw area, what it's done for us is just, in addition to the 59,000 acres associated with the acquisition, we have in that general area around 100,000 acres. So that gives us a really sizable position that's bigger than most positions, and that's why this was so important to us. It was a special case because, as you've noticed, we haven't really acquired anything in the last couple years. And this is the reason, we're looking for those things that provide us a unique opportunity to do something that's what we consider to be really a step change in a given area. Looking at the rest of our acreage, we're spending quite a bit of time and effort to appraise the rest of what we have and to rank it in terms of development. So now we feel very comfortable with the Greater Barilla Draw area. Southeast New Mexico is in prime position for aggressive development, and we have some areas in the Midland Basin as well. What we have to do now is we've got our appraisal team working on those parts of our acreage that are outside of those areas.
Vicki A. Hollub: I would say that on the net value per acre, we were in the upper $20,000s on what we calculated for that. And with respect to the tiering of the acreage, this certainly gets us what I believe is going to be Tier 1 for us. I believe that this area will certainly be comparable with our best area, which is southeast New Mexico. The fact is that the opportunity to have five benches is going to make the infrastructure cost so minimal on a per BOE basis that I do believe that this is just going to continue to improve.
Vicki A. Hollub: There could be. It really depends on product prices for 2017. We'll continue to balance our capital with our cash flow needs and the balance sheet.
Vicki A. Hollub: I suspect there are going to be pipeline constraints for others, but I can tell you, we have plenty of capacity tied up and we'll be able to actually still contract and take third-party volumes to Houston. We have quite a bit of capacity, so we feel very comfortable with where we are.
Christopher G. Stavros: The swing, Doug, is actually about $300 million in terms of spending versus the contribution. So that's the delta, if you will, spending to cash flow.
Christopher G. Stavros: Phil, it's a good question. It's going to come from a combination of a number of different sources for the cash. Without being completely or terribly specific about any given thing that we're going to do at any given moment, what I would say is obviously it's going to depend on commodity prices. I mentioned the sensitivity around our cash flow to commodity prices. But should the need arise, we would expect to monetize some non-core non-strategic assets that would more than, we believe, cover our needs and when including our expectations for next year's cash from operations. So I don't anticipate or expect us to fall short or have any issue with that. We've got multiple levers that we can pull on in terms of filling any gap, certainly to the extent that you just did the arithmetic around, and more should need be. And the capital remains very flexible, certainly within the range, depending on commodity prices.
Christopher G. Stavros: The leverage amounts, we're comfortable with that within our ratings right now. We'll obviously, depending on what the acquisition looks like, if we do acquisitions, it depends on what it looks like in terms of how we're going to look to fund it. And so some acquisitions are better sourced through leverage, some through other means. So we'll just have to look at it. It depends on what the acquisition looks like, the composition of the cash flows around the acquisition, the composition of the production in terms of determining how much leverage you're comfortable with for any given type of activity or specific acquisition. So the answer is it really depends.
Christopher G. Stavros: Roger, the 700 locations is based on our conservative nature with assessing our developmental properties. So that's the minimum location count in the Wolfcamp A, the Wolfcamp B, Second Bone Spring. We're very optimistic about the two additional benches in the Bone Spring and in the Wolfcamp debris flow, which sits between the Wolfcamp A and Wolfcamp B. At $60, again, that inventory just continues to grow, whether it's tighter spacing. The other aspect is we continue to improve both well performance and our execution results. I mentioned that we have some technology things working in the drilling area, which we believe can be a step change in multi-well, multi-pad development. And so as we test those in the fourth quarter and in the first quarter of 2017, we'll be more able to talk about some of those details. But we think that would generate even more bench activity, not just in the acquisition, but on all of our core areas.
Christopher G. Stavros: I think it's north of 80%. And a lot of those are just clock drilling obligations as opposed to expiry issues.
Jody Elliott: Ryan, this is Jody. The activity level currently planned for 2017 would be about six rigs in the Permian Resources area and three rigs in EOR. And then depending on what that final capital number is, we can scale that up, scale it down, again, depending on commodity prices or where that final direction is on the capital budget.
Jody Elliott: And, Ryan, the other point I want to make is all the work that we've done this year around our characterization, around our field development planning, the upsizing and optimization of our stimulation has created this ability with very low capital intensity to generate a lot of production. So that inventory mix in 2017 will be optimized where we can grow production significantly with a fairly modest rig count.
Jody Elliott: Ryan, I think as far as our field development planning, that's one of the key things is that we try to get ahead of the game, whether it's water disposal, frac water movement, gas takeaway, oil takeaway. We try to plan those things in advance and build out ahead of when that need is going to be. So whether it's southeast New Mexico, we announced the startup of the joint venture gas plant recently in the Delaware. Those are all things to stay ahead of the infrastructure game. The new acquisition has considerable infrastructure, fresh water, salt water infrastructure, 4 million barrels of frac storage, 40 miles of distribution line. It has produced water treatment systems, 15 SWD wells, gas compression. So all those things that have been done extremely well in this acquisition are the same things we do on our own assets. And maybe Vicki or Chris will want to address the greater Permian infrastructure takeaway.
Jody Elliott: Roger, the 120,000 BOE per day includes our estimate of the acquisition. So there's some modest decline in the base core business pre-acquisition. Again, the activity level is ramping up. As you know, when you're doing multi-well multi-pad development with zipper fracking, the production comes lumpy. So a lot of that activity happens in the fourth quarter and the production will come very early in the first quarter of 2017.
Jody Elliott: I think we'll update the full inventory picture in the fourth quarter. To give you a little bit of color, with all the appraisal work and all the subsurface work we're doing, we've changed the landscape of that inventory. We've doubled the lateral miles of inventory. The NPV on that existing inventory is up over 66%. We have 27 rig years of inventory at less than $40 a barrel, so we've really grown the existing inventory. This asset, it's really – the acquisition asset is really about just taking ownership in an already derisked core area with incredible infrastructure. So that's going to allow us, when you think about sand, when you think about water, when you think about logistics, people, supply chain leverage, it really allows us to hit all of those key drivers that lower F&D cost and keep our OpEx costs really low.
Jody Elliott: Evan, that forecast is based on what we know today. So it's the latest version of our completion designs and our expansion. The fuzziness is really a function of what's the final capital budget going to be that year. But we're not forecasting enhancements or improvements that have not been demonstrated at this point in time. So those are all upside opportunities.
Jody Elliott: Matt, it's really basin. It's sub-basin specific, almost field specific in those designs. But in general, it is tighter cluster spacing and higher sand concentrations, and then doing trials to understand where you've hit diminishing returns. But in general, more sand, tighter cluster spacing is generating better results. But combining that with longer laterals has really been the key for us. And as you look at the numbers I talked about on extending lateral length, that's another real benefit for us. In New Mexico, this year we'll average around 5,000-foot laterals. We'll go almost to 7,000 feet next year. In the Texas Delaware, it's a little over 5,000-foot laterals. Next year it will be closer – this is effective lateral length – over 9,000 feet. And in East Midland Basin, we probably averaged – we'll average around 7,800-foot laterals in 2016, and in 2017 that will be over 9,000 feet. So the combination of extended lateral giving us really better EURs, better decline profiles combined with this continued integration of our geoscience with the stimulation design. The drilling technology piece is something that we'll talk a little bit more about in future quarters, but it's really an innovative way to access multiple benches and again leveraging your infrastructure across multiple benches with minimizing your facility cost.
Jody Elliott: So New Mexico will be one of the key places we operate in 2017. This year we've spent quite a bit of effort in the appraisal mode in New Mexico, testing the Third Bone Spring, testing the XY, Wolfcamp D. So we will continue as part of our development plans to appraise those other benches. Again, we believe New Mexico has many bench opportunities beyond what we've talked about previously in our inventory.
Matthew Merrel Portillo: Good morning. Just starting off on the Permian Resources side, I was curious if you could provide any incremental color or commentary around the base design that you're currently utilizing in the Texas Delaware Basin and what you may be testing on a leading-edge basis that may be giving you some incremental excitement in terms of increased productivity on the wells.
Matthew Merrel Portillo: And just a quick follow-up there, is there any color you can provide I guess just on what the base design looks like today? I'm just trying to reference point in the Texas part of the play specifically where your proppant loading is and where your fluid volumes are and maybe...
Matthew Merrel Portillo: Great, and then just a follow-up question. On the New Mexico side of the border, it looks like you've started to delineate some of your acreage in Eddy County. I'm just curious. As you guys look at additional resource potential across New Mexico, what interest you have in, I guess moving into 2017, in terms of focusing on some incremental zone delineation in the Wolfcamp and Avalon horizons.
Matthew Merrel Portillo: And last question from me. I just wanted to follow up on a previous question from an infrastructure perspective. So just to clarify there, I think there's some industry concern that as Permian growth accelerates over the next few years that the main infrastructure bottleneck may become the pipe capacity out of the basin. And so I wanted to just make sure that I understood your comments that you guys feel comfortable over the next few years that there are no pipe constraints or you have solutions in the work that can essentially debottleneck that.
