Steve Chazen: Well, first I would argue, we’re better capitalized in the majors. So, I think they are over leveraged myself, but anyway I think as Chris pointed out we’re going to have a lot of cash at the end of the year from variety of sources mostly from the California business. Some of that of course will be used to reduce our share count, maybe the bulk of that to reduce our share count. We continue to look for opportunities to grow the business in the Permian through investment. So, well, our drilling program or maybe in line with cash flow if we see other opportunities to small property acquisitions or even medium sized ones we’ll use our balance sheet to do those. And those would effectively be an increase in the program in excess of cash flow. So, I think we’ve always had a balance of drilling and acquisitions it’s more shifted clearly to drilling now because we have so much to do. But so I think I don’t think you will see massive changes in our leverage but you will see obviously less equity in our equity count as we buy down a lot of stock. So, I think there’ll always be a balance. If there was a sharp reduction in oil prices created more buying opportunities so we wouldn’t hesitate to increase our leverage to grow the business, so I think that from our perspective this is sort of good times. I sort of know what to do with $75 oil or less, but I have no idea what to do with the $120. So I think this is really good times for us, may not be good times for people who use this as a proxy for oil price, these are stocks or proxy for oil price but as a fundamental business matter see cyclical downturns is where you use the balance sheet to build the business. And I think that’s I am hoping a lot of happy talk now especially from service companies about how this is temporary I don’t know how anybody knows that. If I can predict oil prices I’d be sitting on a beach in Gali and wouldn’t come to work and wouldn’t mess with this production business. So, I think that as a practical matter you got to -- this is a volatile time there may be a recession worldwide I don’t really know I don’t see that. But a little lower oil prices I think could take some of the volumes out of it and gives us some opportunities to head to our business. So our goal is to grow our earnings per share, our reserves per share, cash flow per share through a combination share reduction and hopefully building the business either through drilling or acquisitions, and maybe both.
Steve Chazen: We denominated the stuff in shares because that’s the way we think about it how many shares are we buying back. We’re fairly somewhat disciplined in making sure that we don’t buy shares at prices that are imply, that are excess of our finding and development cost. So I think that’s the way we sort of look at it. We announced the share repurchases as we actually have the cash in hand. It’s not intended as a forecast to what we might ultimately do as more cash comes in hand you should expect the share repurchase authority would rise. So it wasn’t the 60 million shares we’ve added so we got 76 I think roughly left to go. You should view that as sort of the cash in hand number not the ultimate and the ultimate will be dependent on the pace of proceeds from various things. So I think we’re not trying to forecast, when I say this is what we got in our hand now. But it turns out that we have excess money because the price of stock is too low, we’ll adjust the share repurchase to higher numbers.
Steve Chazen: It’s driven principally by the stock price. So we look for buying opportunities in the market when people become irrational.
Steve Chazen: The second, last we’ll have Sandy answer the budget question, but it’s sort of one word answer. But on the overall reduction it’s sort of one at a time but our objective is the same one way or another to get value out of the Middle East business some by selling it and may be some by speeding up the cash out of the asset where it is more difficult. So one way or another we’re basically using the business to downsize the size of that business make it less important on the company. Still an important part but it’s going to be a lot of cash is going to come out of that business one way or another over the next few months. And so I think we’re going along it slower than I would like of course. But to some extent by showing being too anxious sometimes you get a worst result than you might some other way. And so Sandy will answer the question on budget.
Steve Chazen: I’ll let her answer the question but I think I wouldn’t confuse our expectations with our promises. There is probably a wide difference between them. Go ahead Vickie.
Steve Chazen: It’s hard to do the budget right now because there is a number of moving parts and we have to talk with our partners in the Middle East about the size of the program there. And I just assume that telegraph or thoughts right now. But I think our Permian program certainly for the first half of the year will be what we told people would be. So I don’t expect any real change in that, some of the other stuff maybe tweaked a little bit and some of the other programs. We just don’t know. But as far as the dividends are concerned I think if you go back to the slide we’ve only shown for what I say 10 years but I think Chris who is shaking his head said that it is more, it says after maintenance capital which is making the company safe. The next line is dividends before growth, and so we view our commitment to the shareholders on dividends to be part of our overall commitment. How much exactly you’re going to raise the dividend wise is remains to be seen. And there is obviously a little confusion by with the lower oil prices. But I think -- I don’t think. We’ve raised the dividends I think for a dozen years I don’t think we’re going to break the theme next year. And so I assume the dividends will go up. We’ve got a lot of cash and a lot of projects to fund almost anything we want to do. And so I don’t think anybody should be concerned. And we’re focused on making sure that the drilling program delivers the results it’s supposed to deliver. If it delivers the results it’s supposed to deliver there’ll be plenty of money over the next two or three years for dividends, dividend growth continued dividend growth and the share reduction and lots of growth in the business. So if we deliver the results that we’re doing so far and our plans are pretty much on target and we have plenty of cash flow and I don’t think anybody should worry about where it will be a couple of years from now. Next year is going to be a messy year you have got comparisons against company with different set of assets we’re going to have some sales of things next year. And the share count is going to be really confusing for example the performance now for this year is the average shares outstanding for the year to do the EPS calculation which is a lot more than the shares outstanding right now and that remind at the end of the year. So lot of confusing numbers over the next year but I think if you focus if I were looking at the company I would focus on our program in Permian Resources and our cash generation and the rest of business and we’ve got a lot of -- and I think we’ve now fixed the realization issue of the Permian Basin we faced the last three or four years. Unfortunately we may have fixed it for everybody in the Basin but we certainly -- but we fixed it for ourselves. So I am pretty optimistic about where we are next year.
Steve Chazen: I don’t think we have any plans to drop rigs. The ramp rate is what we would fall with because the business as we continue to drill wells put them on stream generates cash, more cash, than some people are out looking. And so I think we’ll be okay. And we certainly have the financial flexibility to weather that. On a long-term basis we’re fairly optimistic about oil prices over the next year or two I don’t know. But I think on a long-term basis the industry despite what people say the U.S. business is not healthy at $70 oil. And so I think higher oil prices are in the cards overtime.
Steve Chazen: The issue in the Bakken as it simply can’t compete for the returns being earned in the Permian. It’s not that they are bad assets or anything it’s just not competitive in our portfolio. And the Piceance is all gas and gas is tough to compete in this environment. So we’ll look and I don’t see any way to change. I am not bullish about gas prices I don’t see any real way to change the relative competitiveness of North Dakota versus the Permian. We can move oil out of the Permian by pipeline. That’s a much more efficient way to move oil than by train. So I just think that it’s just we’ll not for our portfolio it won’t be able to compete, so ultimately we’ll have to deal with that.
Steve Chazen: Yes sure. Right now it’s a little noisy because it’s probably not the perfect time to be doing that.
Steve Chazen: Generally I think people have underestimated the cash flow that will come out of the assets they basically take what we did this year and add 2% or something to it than adjust for price. The Al Hosn project will certainly add. There is other things that I think will add, but I think we show you I think, there is a difference without, we look different without California. And we give you some numbers to help you model that. We don’t know what the DD&A rate will be next year because it depends on reserves. But the underlying DD&A rate for example without California, United States is lower. And the same thing with operating costs and other things, so I think there is, people are just sort of taking the old numbers because that’s really all they had. But I think as you look at it, maybe a little more careful modeling with the new numbers might be more helpful for people.
Steve Chazen: I get to take a longer view I guess, because it is a smaller proportion of my age. So if I look back two-three years ago what we thought about the Permian basin and what we thought internally for Delaware what other people were saying. And I look at programs have been proposed now, doesn’t even look like the same company. And I think as we have progressed we continue to find new things that we didn’t think of before, that we’ll act considerably I think the business, ultimately if oil prices stayed low or whatever you want to call the current price or at this level or lower for a extended period of time. Margins historically have adjusted by the reduction in service costs. I mean you are not going to get an environment where oil prices stay at say $75 or whatever you think for four to five years and service costs are going to be the same, it just doesn’t going to work. And so part of the gain sharing and loss sharing will be from both parties. So all the money isn’t going to just go in the service company coffers and we’re going to work for free and I don’t, not just we but everybody. So I think in the end it will calibrate and then we’ll generate acceptable returns. We think there is a lot of economic oil at $75, economic meaning we are in 15%, 16%, 17% returns. Though I think there is a lot of economic oil at $50 no I don’t and somewhere in that range but it also depends on service cost and so -- but if oil prices go back to 100 or whatever again service costs will rebound with that. So I just think that this thing will take work itself out over one or two year period. And I am, I hate to say it this way, but if I look forward to a little stress and some of the crazy stuff that sort of goes away for a while and that gives sort of rational people an opportunity.
Steve Chazen: Well, Al Hosn will be eventually flat yes but I think at Al Hosn I think it’s possible that over in the next few years the plant is larger than it needs to be for the deliverable gas. And so and the country continues to need gas there and the result resolve in liquids of course. So I think overtime there will be an expansion probably and separately up to the government. And so there will be Al Hosn is not through so I think as we look at ’17 and ’18 and ’19, we’ll see more growth out of Al Hosn some point level off that’s true. But I think it will probably continue to grow. Because once you spent the base money the incremental capital will have really good returns I think. So I think that will do better. I think the Permian Resource business has the potential to cover to continue to grow and maybe grow better going forward as we work through some of the historical issues. So I think we’ve got more acreage and more will prove up and the Barilla Draw didn’t really exist a year ago I mean it landed but the concept didn’t exist. And so I think there is a lot of good concepts out there some will work and some won’t. And some are I think over promoted by some but it’s hard to imagine that 100,000 acres you’re going to have 4 billion barrels of reserves. But I think rational expectations are good for the base and I think Permian Basin is the best basin in the United States and will be for the next 20 or 25 years.
Steve Chazen: Just as you look at OpEx I think there is two, there is the cost of energy which is buried in that OpEx because we use a lot of electricity to run pumps and such. And so some of that’s in the energy and some of it is in basically driven by the EOR business which uses, where the gas the CO2 is tied to oil price. And these little more CO2 we expense that, looks or shows up as an operating cost. And some of it is we increased the work over activity principally in the EOR business. So when you look at our numbers for operating costs in the United States the driver the overwhelming driver is the EOR business which is basically a low capital business but a little higher operating cost business than say the resources business which is a high capital business and a low operating cost business. So what you see is as we put more CO2 in the ground as we try to repair the wells, you get more operating costs and we try to optimize that and what we look it is the base the underlying operating cost, not so much what we’re doing from quarter-to-quarter, we can’t do anything about CO2 prices or anything like that. So I think it’s a mix of things but the driver for operating costs for the OXY excluding California is the EOR business which is a large business and its principle expenses are not capital but are our operating costs. So it just looks a little different than you might be used to.
Steve Chazen: We’ll start with, yes we were behind. I think somewhat earlier I said if I look at what the presentation is internally were two years ago. Look at the quality and the detail the current presentations for next year’s program doesn’t even look like the same company. So I think we have made a lot of progress. We’re blessed with good acreage which compensates for whatever to some extent. So I don’t think there is much. I always believe that it’s the acreage or the reservoir that overwhelms overtime technology spreads quickly. So I don’t think there is no secret sauce that lasts very long. So I think as a practical matter we -- I think we’re where we need to be in technology, there is always going to be improvements whether you have relative improvements against other people I don’t know. But overtime the technology spreads very quickly. And so because we see lots of wells, so it’s not really something that’s hidden from us. So I think we’re where we need to be from a skill set at this point we were behind so no argument about that. But we are fortunate that we have an exceptional acres position which in the end the reservoirs matter.
Steve Chazen: Well, we’ve got so much of it that some of it’s going to be better and some not. I mean if you compare it to some guy that has got 100,000 acres nets his whole position and who knows. But I think if you look at the overall result and you say we started from a standing start two years ago. And we’ll pass 80,000 at the end of this quarter. And we’ll pass 100,000 at the end of -- by the end of next year for sure. So I just look at from a standing start two years ago we’ll be one of the biggest producers in this unconventional in no time. But our whole business historically had been an EOR business. So it’s whatever you want to think but I think there is always somebody who has got 40,000 acres that is real good. But the question is can you have 2 million acres, that is real good. And I think we got enough 40,000 acre pieces that we could compete with anybody. If we took one of our 40,000 acre pieces or 100,000 acre pieces and people were saying what a wonderful company it is, it is just good as the snake company or whatever it’s called.
Steve Chazen: On the Midstream I mean our goal is to I think Willie pointed out. Our goal is to make sure that we get the best possible price for our product and we’re not disadvantaged we’ve gone through several years of disadvantage. If we can do that without spending capital and build pipelines we’re happy to do that by committing for space and reaping the advantages of owning space. And so I think you should view it as a -- its purpose is basically to make sure we get good prices for oil. And if we could monetize take back some of that capital someway and put it somewhere else with new higher returns and we’re definitely going to do that. As far as the name is concerned that’s sort of an accident I wouldn’t know all that well about the California Resources name. But I think that I don’t think you should view it as a spinoff candidate at this point. It needs right now the cash flow from the rest of the business to accelerate its drilling. And it’s unlike California, California is actually it’s a good business. It’s just -- but it’s sort of mature phase where you saw financing. The resource business needs cash to grow. And it’s just not the right time to even think about something like that.
Doug Leggate: Steve I also have two questions. I guess my first one is for Vickie. I really wanted to talk about the Permian or ask you about the Permian growth trajectory that you have provided for us. Your run rate since you ramped up the rig count by about 5,000 barrels a day per quarter and I realize it’s very simplistic just to look at the absolute move sequentially. But you are significantly accelerating the rig count and the backlog it looks like, so I am just trying to reconcile a substantially higher activity level with a similar quarterly rate of growth that we -- implied by your projections for the next couple of years. That’s my first question. I have got a follow-up please. Bank of America Merrill Lynch:  Steve I also have two questions. I guess my first one is for Vickie. I really wanted to talk about the Permian or ask you about the Permian growth trajectory that you have provided for us. Your run rate since you ramped up the rig count by about 5,000 barrels a day per quarter and I realize it’s very simplistic just to look at the absolute move sequentially. But you are significantly accelerating the rig count and the backlog it looks like, so I am just trying to reconcile a substantially higher activity level with a similar quarterly rate of growth that we -- implied by your projections for the next couple of years. That’s my first question. I have got a follow-up please.
Doug Leggate: So this not working interest issue, I think in terms of subsequent wells from here having a lower working interest maybe you could give us an idea of what after working interest is? Thanks. Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So this not working interest issue, I think in terms of subsequent wells from here having a lower working interest maybe you could give us an idea of what after working interest is? Thanks.
Doug Leggate: Okay, thanks for that. Steve, my follow-up is really I realized we’re going to have to wait on the capital for the till the end of the year. But just as an order of magnitude I wonder if you could help given all the moving parts with California going BridgeTex and Al Hosn largely done. And what I am really trying to get at is how you think about balancing spending with the dividend as opposed to asset monetizations funding the buyback? How should we think about dividend policy and maybe a broad scale of spending for next year, if you could? Thank you. Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks for that. Steve, my follow-up is really I realized we’re going to have to wait on the capital for the till the end of the year. But just as an order of magnitude I wonder if you could help given all the moving parts with California going BridgeTex and Al Hosn largely done. And what I am really trying to get at is how you think about balancing spending with the dividend as opposed to asset monetizations funding the buyback? How should we think about dividend policy and maybe a broad scale of spending for next year, if you could? Thank you.
Vicki Hollub: Yes Doug originally we had not planned to reach the exit rate this year with 34 rigs. But we’ve accelerated our development a little bit and as you noticed we’re a little bit behind on some of our wells completed but we’ve added another couple of frac spreads. So, now as of 1 of November we’ll be at 7 to address the well inventory. And with respect to the rigs going forward we still intend to stay somewhat as per the schedule that we had showed in our last presentation. We’re just seeing a little more opportunity here to get a little bit ahead of the game.
Vicki Hollub: We kind of gave you an indication on the slide in the presentation that for the Midland Basin generally speaking our working interest is close to 92% overall and in the Delaware Basin around 76% generally speaking.
Vicki Hollub: Depending on the depth in the Midland Basin we’re seeing well costs better in the $7 million to $7.5 million range for our South Curtis Ranch and some of the areas around that. And the Delaware Basin in Texas we’re seeing well cost in the neighborhood of 8.6 million to 8.7 million and our drilling costs have been improving through some of our efficiency initiatives but it’s really the completion costs that are driving our total well cost right now. What we’ve done recently is increased the size of our frac jobs which is giving us better productivity and what we think will be better ultimate recoveries. So when you’re seeing higher well cost for us it’s because we’re increasing the size of our fracs.
Vicki Hollub: Around the 8.6 to 8.7 that’s generally a lateral length of about 4,500 to 5,000. And in South Curtis Ranch area our lateral length is around 6,100.
Vicki Hollub: We’re still evaluating the South Curtis Ranch 3526 and the shallow decline on that is so far good news for us. But we still want to see a little more production data from that to determine what’s causing that.
Vicki Hollub: We feel like we have a lot of potential on the Central Basin Platform and that’s just one of the areas that we have yet to get to. We’re working on a fairly structured plan to, with respect to our exploration, our appraisal and our development programs. And so what we showed you on the slide that has the breakout of the zones that are currently under appraisal and currently under development that list does not include what we’re doing from an exploration standpoint. So, our exploration group is one of their key areas to focus on over the next couple of years will be the Central Basin Platform where we do have significant acreage and we think there is a lot of potential there, so it just hasn’t gotten in the queue yet but it’s something that we’re optimistic about.
Vicki Hollub: That is incorporated in our projections for production, so we do expect to catch up and we’ve accounted for that.
Vicki Hollub: I would say that that based on the performance we’ve seen thus far, I’d say that’s a conservative number actually, it’s an achievable number.
Vicki Hollub: I’d like to build on Steve’s comments with respect to your first question initially. Technically we have teams here with OXY that I think to compete or beat any other teams in the Permian Basin at this time. From a success standpoint in the unconventional plays one of the critical things is to understand what the reservoir is and what the reservoir is telling you. We don’t believe that these plays should be called statistical plays. We think that you’ve really got to understand what the reservoir is. And based on what the reservoir is you design your completions and your frac jobs. And I think right now we’re probably one if not the only company, one of the few companies that’s actually taken a horizontal core. And along with our vertical cores, our 3D seismic, our micro seismic and all the additional work that we’re doing around reservoir characterization I think nobody in the basin is any further along than we are with respect to that. But I think with that said the industry as a whole still has a lot to learn. We’re all very early in the development of these unconventional plays in the Permian. So, I still think that we’re going to continue to learn technology will continue to advance. And I think that as it does I expect overtime for cost to come down on at least from the drilling standpoint and possibly from the completion standpoint. We’ve got some plans in place over the next six months to do some things. I think that that could have a significant impact on our productivity and ultimate recoveries. But it’s just a matter of working those costs to make sure that they are economical for what we want to do. And as I said technology overtime the cost comes down and so I think we’ll be able to do some things that that will certainly help some of the areas that previously have not been as good as our Delaware Basin area. So there is -- I am sorry now I have forgotten your second question.
