Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Rob. Before closing today, we'd like to briefly mention 2 low carbon ventures announcements that we made this week. We were glad to announce that Japan's ANA Airlines became the first airline in the world to sign a carbon dioxide removal credit purchase agreement from our subsidiary, 1.5. We're excited about that and happy to work with them. We're also pleased to announce a first-of-its-kind agreement with our long-standing partners, ADNOC, to evaluate investment opportunities in direct air capture and carbon dioxide sequestration hubs in the U.S. and the UAE. With this agreement, we intend to develop a carbon management platform that will accelerate our shared net zero goals. We have many exciting developments taking place in LCV, and we look forward to providing you a more comprehensive update towards the end of this year.  With that, we will now open the call for questions. 
Vicki Hollub: Well, we intend to keep our capital plan as we had it or at least the activity plan as we had it. I can tell you, Doug, I'm incredibly impressed with what our teams have done. I've been in this industry for a very long time, and I've seen a lot of extensive work done to model conventional reservoirs over the years. And when we started our shale development, some thought it was more of a statistical play where you just go drill a 100 wells and maybe 25% of them would be really good, and 75% would be okay. But we took the time in 2014 to step back and say that we were going to put together a team that could do the kind of work that needs to be done in shale. It's much more complex than conventional. So we really focused on trying to make sure that we put together a team that could do the most sophisticated work on the subsurface possible, and they've done incredibly well.  And I would say, in the past 2 to 3 years, I was thinking that we were getting close to plateauing on our learnings and what we can do. But the teams continue to surprise me, continue to go beyond what I thought we would ever be able to do in this industry with respect to not only understanding the subsurface as well as we do, but also being able to understand how to get the most oil out of it. And -- so where we are today is, I've now asked the teams to stop talking about it. We for years, we're sharing things that we were doing, and we've shared some things on the slides in the slide deck, but they had prepared a lot more to share with you today, to highlight and map out the pathway that we're using to get to where we are. But it's just too important to our company, it's -- and to our shareholders to keep that proprietary because this is something that's pretty phenomenal, I think.  And now we're taking this, and we're going to apply it to the Permian -- I mean to the Powder River Basin. We're using it. They've done incredibly well in the Permian. We've also taken learnings from the team in the DJ and moved those through the Permian. So we're sharing ideas across business units. The next one will be the Powder River basin, where while we did take an impairment on some noncore areas, we are excited about the Powder River. And I think Richard will say a little bit more about that later. But the Southern Powder River is, we're seeing good results there. And our appraisal team is beginning to work in the northern part of the Powder River. And we're going to take it also the same sort of concept about how to do it, we want to take to other areas within Oxy. And we think that by using a similar methodology with what our phenomenal team in the Gulf of Mexico has been able to do, they've done amazing things in terms of being able to see below-the-salt and to improve our success rate there.  But I think you put this subsurface team for our shale development, but the approach they take, the methodology that they use with the ideas that our GoM team has generated and start really exploring the various strengths, I think we take this and apply it to conventional reservoirs and applying this to conventional with the expertise that we have working those conventional reservoirs today, I think that there would be even more cross flow of learnings from conventional to shale and shale and conventional.  I think it's beyond what anybody in the industry that I've seen or heard about it is doing today. So with that said, to get back to your question on capital and production, we're going to execute our program, looks like it is going to result in a production increase, and we're happy with that. We never said that we didn't want to grow. We just don't want growth to be the target. But the target is value creation. And that value creation comes from doing the developments when we're ready to do them at the pace that generates the most net present value. And our teams are doing that, and they're doing it incredibly well. So we'll take what we're getting here. 
Vicki Hollub: No doubt, it's the Permian and the Rockies and the Rockies actually applying artificial intelligence to their pumps up there, which has been very, very impressive as well as the management of the gas lift in the Permian, Texas and New Mexico. So these are exciting things for us, and we're -- we have to definitely gets kudos to the teams. They've gone above and beyond expectations. 
Vicki Hollub: Well, certainly, we have the capability at almost any price environment. There's a lower limit to where we would probably not do much share repurchases at $60. But at $70, we could continue a common share purchase program. And certainly, at $75 and above, we've got the cash to do both. But what we feel like with our current shareholder framework is that share repurchases are a big part of that because our -- in common share repurchases because what we're really trying to do is we're trying to create value per share for our investors. And to create value per share, it not only means that we need to grow production a bit. Again, that's with the cash flow is the main thing we're trying to grow when we're growing production, and that's an outcome of our capital program.  So this year, we will get incremental earnings growth from our incremental volumes, but also developing our reserves at the lower cost, like we've talked about and like I talked about in the script and like we've been talking about here, what the teams are doing that's so important is to develop reserves, replace our production every year by at least 130% to  [150%] And again, we've seen years up to 230%, where the DD&A or the funding and development cost is $6 or less in some cases. And we were able to do that with the DD&A rate of what we have today versus that, that's creating value for our shareholders, creating earnings. And then the last thing is to couple with the cash flow growth and income growth from the volume creation and the reduced cost of those binding and development reserves is to buy back shares. And especially given the fact that we feel we're very undervalued right now.  So share repurchases, whether or not it triggers the preferred is really important to us. But in the near term, what we'll do is we will probably wait a little period of time here to watch what's going to happen with the macro. And if the macro plays out the way we expect, we should be able to do both to buy common and to get back at some point within the next few months to doing both buying not only common, but triggering the preferred, it could take into next year before we're able to get a program going. But we do believe that we can at $75 or above, have a program that will do that. 
Vicki Hollub: The Al Hosn project getting to the 1.45 Bcf a day had very little capital, is definitely a good project for us. And with -- just having gotten that back on, we expect that the certainly, the production looking good towards the rest of this year from Al Hosn and also the fact that we were in Oman, able to get an exploration well that was record setting for us online and to production in less than a month was another good sign for healthy production coming out of the Middle East. We do have incremental opportunities in Oman for additional wells that are similar to that in Block 65. So -- and this year, this past year, in Safah field on the north Oman.  We've set the production records there, and that's a field that's been in operation for over 40 years. So we're still finding new things to do there. And also, when I talk about innovation and subsurface modeling and with -- and Richard brought up the guys that are working really hard base maintenance, on base production. I want to mention, too, that there's been quite a bit of innovation coming out of Oman as well, one being a process called Oxy jetting, where we go into -- you can do it in new wells or existing wells to go in and jet through the formation and with proprietary process we use there and get incremental production, and that's part of the reason that we were able to achieve record production from that area this year.  So a lot of good things happening in our Middle East operations, and we're as I mentioned in my script, focused on 3 countries, and we feel like it is best not to be spread over a lot of countries, but to -- we like the fact that we are here in the U.S. and 3 countries internationally, and we'll focus on being the best we could be in those areas and eliminate or minimize distractions from anything else. 
Vicki Hollub: I would say that I have -- my thoughts about the Gulf of Mexico have actually changed a bit over the past year. Originally, when we made the acquisition, our plan was just to keep production flat and use the cash flow to invest elsewhere. I do believe now, again, based on the technical excellence of our teams working at and the fact that artificial intelligence, I believe, is going to be -- advanced data analytics, I believe, is going to be a game changer for the Gulf of Mexico. And I believe our team has the capability and expertise to optimize the use of those tools. So I think that not this year or next year, but I do believe that looking forward in the next 3 to 5 years, the Gulf of Mexico could become more of a growth area for us rather than just a cash generator. 
Vicki Hollub: What we're seeing is we're seeing some things start to plateau in terms of cost. We're seeing labor being still a bit tight. But there's also around labor though, we're not seeing as many people wanting to change jobs. It's just a matter of getting the skills that we need in the field, and that's where the big challenge is, to get truckers to drive trucks, and people to do the welding and those kinds of field jobs are so important to us. But I would think that what -- we're not -- while we're not seeing any reduction -- much reduction in service company costs, we don't expect that. But I don't think we've settled on expecting any kind of increase next year. 
Vicki Hollub: I would say we don't know that because we're continuing to get more barrels. I mean just look at the graphs where our teams are getting more production from the wells for either the same or lower cost. We're doing both. We're increasing efficiencies of execution while also getting more recovery out of the wells. So I don't think I'd be prepared to say that we'd have to spend more capital just to stay flat. We'll look at that. And again, the efficiencies that are being gained, I think we have to take all that into account. And we'll -- we're starting to look at some of that now, but I'm a bit impressed with what we've been able to do with the dollar to spend because I think that we still have for our wedge production, the lowest capital intensity on a per barrel basis in the industry, I believe, at least the last time we checked it. Now we haven't done that number in a couple of months. So we probably need to check that again to know for sure. 
Vicki Hollub: It doesn't cover Stratos, but it does cover other things, and it could cover things that we currently have today, not -- probably not the first deck at the King Ranch. But what we had done is we put together a work group that worked with ADNOC to talk about what the possibilities are for direct air capture and sequestration here in the United States versus Abu Dhabi. And the big focus was to try to help each of us to achieve the goals that we've set out. And ADNOC just set another goal for themselves to get to net zero, I think, by 2045. So they're on a mission. They have a goal, and we also do and we -- given the fact that we collaborated on making and building the what is now the largest -- and what was it, even at the time, the largest ultra-sour gas processing plant in the world. There were several companies that walked away from that they didn't want to try to attempt that.  So we have a track record of  working with ADNOC to do difficult things or to do things that are different. The sulfur recovery units in Al Hosn are serial numbers 1 through 4. So that's -- that was a bold step for us. And now we're taking this bold step to go into looking to help each other, and also to help our shareholders because the way we're doing this is in a way that it's not going to be a cost for us over time. It's going to be -- it's going to deliver returns and ADNOC is focused on that as well. So we have a very similar objectives around all of how we're doing this. And so the work team now will continue and start looking at sites here in the U.S. and the UAE and pick the one that gives us the best chance to ensure that right out of the gate, we're starting with a good project. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. And I would say, Devin, I appreciate your interest and we will have a bit more of an update in November. I want to give anybody to thinking it's some sort of major announcement, it's not. It's just an update just like what Richard gave now because things are continuing to change with respect to demand for CDRs and that sort of thing. So we'll give you a little more of that in November. 
Vicki Hollub: I would say with ADNOC, they know our track record of building major projects and they know Ken Dillon well, who's actually manages our major projects. So they've seen us and how we not only -- we're innovative in how we built Al Hosn, but we were also innovative in this just recent expansion to expand the plant by almost 50% with probably spend way under 10% is -- was phenomenal. And so I think that ADNOC will be prepared to move forward with us sooner than waiting on what happens with Stratos. I think they all understand that technologies go through a cost down. There's never been a technology that's worked and been adopted in large way without having gone through the same kind of thing that we'll go through with our direct air capture. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. One final comment on it is, partnering with ADNOC, we know their capabilities and expertise, too. So we know what they bring to the table. And so that's the other exciting aspect of this is having their knowledge and their experience, their expertise combined with ours, to do whichever we do or a combination of both the CCUS and the direct air capture. 
Vicki Hollub: I would say that we're not going to execute a large growth program in our upstream oil and gas business. So -- but I will say that our intent is to keep a moderate capital spend, what we consider to be something similar to the activity level that we have on a whole year basis, not the second half, take the second half of this year and project it into next year is what our oil and gas activity level would be. But what we want to do is we just want a program that delivers the best returns at present value. So that doesn't mean that we're going to take our capital framework right now and dramatically change it. Share repurchases is a part of that.  And that's -- it's an important part of that. And what we do will depend on the macro. But from the -- what -- I would say what we see with the macro now, I wouldn't discount our ability to do both, to repurchase common shares whilst also being able to redeem some of the preferred next year because I do see a better price environment, I believe, than what some realize it's going to be. So I think there are a lot of reasons pointing to a pretty good environment. So I wouldn't discount it yet. I do believe that we'll have the opportunity to do both, but share repurchases will always be a part of our framework. 
Richard Jackson: Yes. Maybe just to help add on to that when we talk about assets in the portfolio and even legacy Anadarko. I think the Rockies trajectory, while very strong in the first half of the year, I think what's impressive, we talked about knowing we would decline kind of through the first half of the year and then grow. And I think if you see our guide for 3Q and then implied guide for 4Q, that not only was the first half better, but the second half was better as well. And while the new wells are certainly core, how do we think about deploying capital and creating the efficiency, I'd like to also recognize all the team that works on our base production.  I think the Rockies is a great example of being able to rethink our surface infrastructure, they've been able to kind of lead the industry, I think, in some of these tankless designs, but they've migrated to more efficient bulk and test. They've been able to think about artificial lift earlier, things like gas lift earlier in the cycle of the well. And a lot of that beyond creating the most EUR per dollar spent is really helping our production. And so when you look year-on-year, that base production is another one that I think we're really proud of from the teams. 
Richard Jackson: Yes. Great. This is Richard. I'll try to take a few pieces of that. I mean very excited about the DJ, like I described, but the new well performance in the base. But I would say consistent with really what we've done across our reservoir positions and especially in the unconventional. It really starts with the challenge on the subsurface in terms of all the things you described, spacing, how many wells per DSU. And I think the teams continue to look at those opportunities. And as we noted, really thinking about less, I think moving from 18 to 8 to 12 wells per section allows us to deliver the same EUR for less cost. And I think just like we've done in the Permian, that's the right recipe. We have been able to use completions and really frac intensity to kind of turn up the lever to help capture those reserves without having to drill additional wells.  So we've gone up to 1,500 pounds per foot, which is up about 30%, I think from our prior designs. As we think about spacing and inventory, the thing I would say is not every drill spacing unit is the same. So the geology changes, the development sequencing changes. And so there'll be areas where that may be different. I think just to kind of contrast a little bit, we highlighted the performing DSUs in the Delaware Basin, those are actually opportunities where we added wells per section. And we were able to do that again by looking at the unique kind of attributes of that drill spacing unit against the reservoir. And we're cautious with that, but we've been able to have real success, both horizontally and vertically adding those wells where it's warranted. But just the last maybe a couple of points in the DJ, again. It's sort of a holistic design that the operation's team's put together.  They have done a lot to reduce time to peak production. So eliminating those surface constraints where they can really allow those wells to optimally flow. And then as Vicki described, longer term, these wells go from gas lift to plunger lift and being able to use analytics to not only be quicker in terms of our optimization, but actually predict failure mechanism so that we can deploy operations teams quicker. These are the type of things that just really excite us about how our teams approach really adding production at the right cost. 
Richard Jackson: And I can add maybe just a few. I agree with Vicki. I mean, we're, one, really pleased with the efficiency of our operations. That's always our focus. And so really, the rigs we've added over the last 1.5 years, we've highlighted some of the kind of individual goals, but we're seeing productivity just from reducing nonproductive time, improved kind of efficiency of the operations continue. But as we think about going into next year, OCTG, seeing some relief, but that generally lags, sand kind of similar, and fuel, obviously is a component, which has been lower for us. So we're seeing those types of things come in a little bit lower. But we've got really, the opportunity to continue to work with the fleet we have.  We're a pretty steady operational pace at this point, which is very different to where we've been in the last couple of years. And so for us, it's really an opportunity to kind of utilize the resources we have and really get that optimization down. So if we look next year, that's going to continue to be the challenge. We hope there's some pricing that can benefit both operator and service company as we look at longer term, but we're really anxious to keep working on the efficiency. 
Richard Jackson: Sure. I mean -- yes, just build a minute. I think even especially in our Permian EOR or Permian position, we continue to work many carbon capture opportunities. We continue to think because of that legacy position we have, especially in the subsurface that that's going to present economic and real opportunity for us and emitters in terms of being able to capture and retire the CO2. In terms of the Gulf Coast, I know we talked about it before, but I want to reiterate, like Vicki said, be very focused on the sequestration of the subsurface piece of that. That's really as we learned where we could best add value, it's around that position, and we have our hubs that are going in the Gulf Coast.  We've got several of our Class 6 wells that are permitted and moving well through the process, may have up to 6 by the end of the year. We're drilling strat wells really in every hub continuing to be prepared as we think these capture projects are going to be put together and come online over the next few years. So we really think we're positioned to be the low-cost kind of sequestration, certainly providing security around the CO2 because of our history. So great partnerships with midstream companies we've announced before, and they're an important piece, but we're really focused on that, both in the Permian and in the Gulf Coast around really developing that subsurface for sequestration. 
Richard Jackson: Sure. Yes. Let me just kind of walk you through where we were this year. Obviously, we were significantly underinvested in the last couple of years coming out of the downturn, really focusing capital on the shortest cycle. We really restored capital back to the Rockies this year back to more sustaining levels, but the teams continued to outperform. And so what really has happened this year is a shallower decline in the first half of the year. We had expected growth in the second half of the year, but the growth is actually a bit better. So if you look at kind of where we're at first half to second half, I think we're growing about 6,000 barrels a day. So the -- in terms of rigs, we're running capable -- been running 2, capable for 3. And we continue to work on these well improvements to see really how that asset and that production competes for capital in our portfolio going into next year. But I think really the -- sort of the capital that you're seeing deployed in the Rockies this year takes us from a decline into really a flat to moderate -- low-end growth. 
Richard Jackson: Look, the teams have continued -- we challenge everybody, but I think the Rockies team has really done a great job on this. Getting upfront in terms of land development, permits, really getting the midstream position in place to be able to do more. But again, it needs to fit our capital allocation. So they do high returns even at lower gas prices. These are very competitive returns. I would call them a bit longer cycle than the, say, the Delaware in Texas, but they also have a bit lower decline. And so for us, they fit really well. We'll have capability to do more, but it really needs to fit the sort of cash flow outcome that the company needs as we put capital together for next year. But we can do more as that fits. 
Richard Jackson: Yes, great. I'll start with the CDR sales. I think as we've continue to talk about, we really believe in the market and believe that really the formation and sales are following kind of our expectations. I mean, clearly pleased with strategic, strong strategic customers like A&A that recognize really the fit of our product, which is a CDR into a larger aviation decarbonization. So while there -- we think about broadly sustainable aviation fuels, we feel like CDRs fit well into that market.  So if you look at some of the equivalents on probably a better marked market in terms of sustainable aviation fuels, those may range $800 to $1,000 a ton we believe we're going to settle into that market well. Really, the key for us, though, as we continue to talk, is driving the innovation and cost down in DAC. And so we remain focused not only the construction parts going on in Permian with Stratos, but also in our King Ranch development, but very pleased with the progress carbon engineering makes with their innovation center. So I didn't want to talk about just the market because we do believe that cost down is important for us to make this affordable long term. The other mark I'll give you, just in terms of thinking about kind of sales and how the CDRs fit on the price ranges, I think in April European Parliament put together some things around requiring 2%  SAF mix starting in 2025 and some of those penalties are $550 per ton of CO2. So when you look at how we can compete directly offset that at a lower cost. We think that's another mark that really helps us think about how we can be competitive. 
Richard Jackson: Yes. No, I think -- look, we remain optimistic that we're going to have good partners as we think about financing this long term. We've been strong in our ability to be able to carry the near term, but we understand longer term that we need financial partners that come into this with us, and we continue to make progress. Just to talk about the capital, we've stayed with the range $200 million to $600 million for the year. And really, that reflects that room to bring in that capital partnership by the end of the year. 
Richard Jackson: Yes. I think construction progress, I should say, we're about 23%, I think, to date. So we'll have more construction progress. We think we can point more to the market. And just kind of follow-up on that deep dive we had last year kind of giving some updates on how these pieces come together. 
Richard Jackson: Yes. And the only thing I would add, I mean, there definitely is different capital, I think as we're able to move down that cost down over the next decade. We really like to partner with strategics like ADNOC or others that can be a part of not only the near term, but the long term. But obviously, we want to get the right value and set up the right economics for both parties as we bring them in. And so I think, of course, long term, as we bring costs down, the market forms, we expect that to open really capital, and that's a big part of our ability to scale development. And so to answer your question, yes, I do think that changes -- presents more opportunities over time. 
