Stephen I. Chazen: Thank you, Vicki. I'll now turn to our third quarter outlook. Domestically, we continue to expect solid growth in our oil production for the year. Based on nature and timing of our drilling programs this year, such as the steam floods in California and timing of several gas plant maintenance turnarounds in the Permian, we expect the production growth to occur in the second half of the year. We have achieved the drilling targets we set in the first half of the year. As a result, we expect our second half average domestic oil production will be about 6,000 to 8,000 barrels a day higher than the first half average, the increase coming mainly from the Permian and California. We expect modest declines in our domestic gas and NGL production that we have seen in the second quarter to continue as a result of our reduced drilling on gas properties and natural decline, as well as additional gas plant turnarounds scheduled in our Permian business the rest of the year. Internationally, we expect more cost pool depletions in our contracts in Qatar and Yemen, which will result in less cost recovery barrels from those locations. However, we expect total international production to be about flat in the second half of the year compared to the second quarter volumes, assuming no renewed pickup in insurgent activity in Colombia and stable spending in Iraq. We expect international sales volumes to increase in the second half of the year and recoup well over half the underlift we've expected in the first half. In the first 6 months, capital spending was $4.2 billion, with $2.2 billion spent in the second quarter. We expect second half of the year spending rate to be higher. Our annual spending level is expected to be generally in line with the $9.6 billion program we have previously discussed. The positive effect of our capital efficiency efforts has started to become noticeable in our spending patterns. As a result, we believe there is a reasonable possibility our total spending may be somewhat lower than the program amount I just mentioned, while still drilling the number of wells we set out as a goal at the beginning of the year. As you can see, the business is doing well, and we're continuing to make progress on our operational goals. With regard to our strategic business review, we have presented various options to our Board of Directors. Our review of these operations is progressing well, although it is not yet complete, so the board will continue to evaluate the alternatives. We expect to have additional information regarding our plans towards the end of the year. Finally, an affiliate of Plains All American filed a registration statement yesterday with the SEC for a public offering of interest in Plains' general partner. We own 35% of the general partner's interest, and we expect to monetize a portion as a part of our proposed offering. Now we're ready to take your questions.
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, of course, I think the oil production will continue to do well in the back half of the year and into next year because almost all of the drilling is focused on oil. California will do much better as the year progresses and into next year. International production, Iraq aside, sort of flattish because of the cost recovery issues. So if you look at just the oil, I think you'll see reasonable growth and better growth next year. Some of the turnaround -- we won't have the turnarounds we had this year in the plants, so we should do better that way. Gas is a different issue. Gas production, it's hard to justify spending a lot of money on gas production. So on a BOE basis, I think you won't see much out of the gas, probably some decline. But I wouldn't -- I don't think spending money on gas is money well spent at this point.
Stephen I. Chazen: Vicki talked about $5 in California. California is probably the -- California, maybe South Texas are -- and maybe a little bit in the Peons [ph] are the highest return, but I think you'd probably need around $5 to excite us. I mean, the margins are pretty good in oil right now. I think if you look at sort of $100 oil, you make these huge margins, and so trying to squeeze a few more bucks out of gas, just to make some BOEs strike me as not money well spent.
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, one of the things that was easiest was the Plains' partial sale and then ultimately full sale. So there's a fairly large number in that. We didn't say anything had changed. I think as you enter in discussions with people about various things, I think it's best that those discussions not be in the public domain and rather be handled privately. And so when we have a definitive thing to talk about in the Middle East, we'll talk about that when it's definitive. As far as the rest of it goes, you can make your own judgments about California based on what Vicki said.
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, it's certainly one of the options. I didn't mean to imply that there were now 400 options. We're just considering various options. And the board has really just been exposed to this in detail at one meeting, and so it will take a little while and we want to consult fully with them and weigh all the alternatives for them. But clearly, some things are going ahead quickly.
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, it doesn't mean that the process wouldn't proceed without an announcement. So, I mean, there's some things we could do without -- I'd prefer to announce things that are not ideas but well along in the process. So you could move ahead on any of this without some formal announcement.
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, I don't want to comment. I don't want to comment on discussions we might have with those -- over there. The trip went well, and they were very pleased with our people and our operations, and they want us to stay in the region and want to do things to help us stay in the region.
Stephen I. Chazen: I think actually we're up sequentially this quarter. But now you just have to see the production as it goes.
Stephen I. Chazen: That wasn't breakeven. That was economically work, so that's different than breakeven. I don't know what the breakeven number is. So basically, what we're saying in California is that those are -- that ratio works, and we would continue to exploit at that ratio.
Stephen I. Chazen: First, before Vicki answers, I think you need to understand that we've couched this entire discussion around in the current environment, and those are things other than just oil and gas prices. So Vicki can answer now.
Stephen I. Chazen: Right, I mean, I think the short answer is for the next year or 2 you'll see the areas that she has pointed out. And then as this thing -- we're looking for higher predictability. And so what you'll see is this thing will build out over time rather than sort of leap over time. Because, again, we're looking for predictability and outcome here, so their cash flows would be predictable going forward.
Stephen I. Chazen: Neither -- we want to make sure this California company has stable, solid cash flow going forward and the regulatory environment will take a while to develop. This is not North Dakota.
Stephen I. Chazen: If you look at the PAA action, we could've said something about that a year ago or 6 months ago or something like that. We said it when it was concrete. And the problem with ideas is that you telegraph your attentions to other parties, and without -- and I don't think that's necessarily the right thing to do.
Stephen I. Chazen: I've been told I can't answer that. You have to call Barclays to get the prospectus. So maybe they'll send you one.
Stephen I. Chazen: It's a combination of permitting and technical evaluation. We could certainly, if we had a different permitting environment, we could spend a lot more money, probably not enough to satisfy you, but certainly spend more money. And so I think that this is not -- this is still a very difficult environment. There are bills in the legislature that will have a negative impact on us. And so I think we want to be cautious about what we promise.
Stephen I. Chazen: Hopefully, the money we invest will generate more cash flow, so we really won't spend the cash flow.
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, I think first of all, it's not IRRs. It's basically accounting returns. So it won't show up in our financial statements about what's -- as opposed to what shows up in our imagination as IRRs. The IRRs are a lot higher because you get your money back real quick, so they're probably not exactly comparable. We didn't write those numbers to be exact. We just said, well, those are what we have. We're pretty confident being able to deliver.
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, it just depends on how much is raised. But clearly, as we raise money, a sizable share buyback is an order. I don't think -- I think under 10% wouldn't be viewed as sizable.
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, you build the base from your steam floods and your waterfloods. That's what the 1.5 billion area does. Once you've got the base, you can afford to step up the higher decline drilling.
Stephen I. Chazen: I think it's premature to speculate about what we might do there. That's something that you roll out near the end rather than you start with.
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, it isn't going to -- I mean, if it were separated, it would have a capital structure similar to E&Ps, not a capital structure similar to ours.
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes. The gas workovers are cheaper. So it's more of a struggle to lower it than, given how oily we are, than, say, somebody who's really gassy. So I think that on a BOE basis, gas would clearly be cheaper. So I think it's more of a structure. I mean, even this quarter, the increase is almost entirely due to energy price increases, electricity and that sort of thing. So I mean, to do this in a very oily company is much more a struggle than it is, say, a gas company. If we look at our pure gas production, the areas that are almost pure gas, I mean, they're doing great on this. They've got really low numbers, but they still don't make a lot of money because the gas price is low so, I mean, their operating costs are really nothing. But it's the oil stuff where you struggle because you've got electricity and other costs that make it really out of your control. So I think given oily nature of the company, I think the people in the field have done a great job.
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, we show you the targets in one of the slides. And so it will be -- it can always be lumpy in any quarter. You can have one more or a few more workovers or you can have a field problem. So operating costs can be lumpy in any one quarter, and, again, there's electricity costs really out of our control. But you can see it in the slide.
Stephen I. Chazen: We continue to do better on the items that are in our control. If we broke out the stuff within our control, you'd see even more of a sharp improvement.
Stephen I. Chazen: But we started this a year ago, Vicki? So, I mean, it gives you a feel. So we've got a permit to drill a well or 2 and so once we decided we needed to expand it, it's been more than a year.
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, no. You've got a year of doing nothing or very little, testing the wells that you've got. Then you get -- hopefully, get your permit in a year or a little more than a year. And even that isn't necessarily the full field development but it might be close to where you are. You have maybe some quality issues that you have to deal with depending on the size of facilities you want to build. This can stretch on for a while.
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes, I think from when you start and as you -- as the field -- if you're unlucky enough in some ways to find more than you thought, you need to go back for more permits because your production facilities aren't big enough. And that will start another period of study by the state. I think the state is doing the best it can, given the environment in the state, the political environment in the state. I think the state government's doing what it can. But no one should underestimate, even when you're successful, how long it takes to convert it into production.
Stephen I. Chazen: The answer is the plain waterflood at Wilmington is working great. And there's no real -- I mean, that's a true technological victory here over the years. And so I think it's -- before you do heroic things, you ought to do stuff that's sort of simple.
Stephen I. Chazen: I think all 3. There are not a lot of properties for sale. You've got a curve -- oil price curve. I think the average oil price in the curve is like $85 for the next 3 years. Meanwhile, the current price is $105 or $104, whatever it is. So that doesn't actually lead to a lot of deals because as you look forward, you're talking about at least the market's expecting $85. The seller's looking at checks for $105. That doesn't actually lead to a lot of closure. There's really not a lot of oil properties or properties that we would be interested in for sale, and given where we are in the overall process, I'm building -- we're building cash for other uses.
Paul Sankey: Yes, so I guess we could continue to consider that, that will become a separate -- a standalone company. That seems to be the way.
Paul Sankey: Okay, and just the final -- my final question on this would be the towards the end of the year timing, I guess that's conservative. It just seems that you don't have a huge amount of time to complete this process.
Paul Sankey: Right. And then my final question is as regards California, it feels a little bit like the movie that we saw in 2010. You described a lot of upside and potential in California at that analyst meeting. It didn't really deliver. We've seen volumes down here sequentially in California. How can we get conviction that this enormous upside potential will be delivered when the recent track record is being -- that we think...
Edward Westlake: I guess my first question is just on breakeven. So you gave some numbers for the steam floods, but just on sort of...
Edward Westlake: Right. And then just on the nonconventional side, I mean, obviously your 7 billion barrels of reserve sounds like a great number. I mean, At the current rate, it probably takes about 200 years to drill that. So when you...
Edward Westlake: Okay, great. But when you're looking at the types of fields that that's contained, I mean, is it fields like Rose, North Shafter, that area? Is it infill drilling around Elk Hills or is it the deep basin? I'm just trying to get an understanding of what the technical breakthroughs are to actually unlock that at an oil price that works.
Vicki Hollub: I would say that for the waterfloods, certainly, we -- those are some of our better margin productions and projects. So our breakeven prices on the waterfloods could go down as oil price is down to probably the $60 to $65 range.
Vicki Hollub: Currently, we only drilled and developed on less than 5% of our unconventional prospective acres, so we're still learning a lot about the Monterey shale. We're in the -- what I would still say is even though we've drilled 1,300 wells, we're learning a lot about the Elk Hills area and the Rose and North Shafter areas. We're taking those learnings and applying those to our evaluations of the remaining potential. And the creation of this technical team that we have and working with our [indiscernible] we expect to be able to start expanding out beyond those areas and expect to see some variability, but we'll be able to apply a lot of what we've learned thus far.
Vicki Hollub: That number is based pretty much on what we've seen in the areas that we've been developing thus far, so that number is taken from the actual performance we've seen in the Elk Hills area, with respect to our shale play there, and also taking into account what we've learned in the Rose and North Shafter area. So we feel comfortable about that number. What we are trying to do is work on techniques to actually improve the percent recovery of the oil in place. And there are some techniques that we think we can start to apply and we're starting to see some success on things that we're implementing thus far, and those are results that we hope to be able to share with you in the next -- in the coming quarters.
Vicki Hollub: Yes, it's more on the $2.5 million to $3 million range for that development. And were starting to drill -- towards the end of this year, we'll be drilling the more appraisal wells.
Vicki Hollub: Yes, for that particular area, because it is a new area, we are in the permitting process, and you're correct. For new areas, it takes longer, a little more difficult. And that's why our current appraisal program has not already begun. However, we're in that process now. We've submitted our permit applications and expect to have the approvals of those by the end of Q3. And worst case, we're thinking Q4, so we should be able to proceed as we expect. But you're right. It's in the new areas that we have the delays.
Vicki Hollub: Yes, that's under consideration. Our technical team is looking at the possibility of polymer flooding, not only at Wilmington but also at Elk Hills.
Vicki Hollub: It depends on the type of waterflood. Some are quicker responders than others. But based on what we're trying to develop now, it's looking like 6 to 9 months. But we're, in some areas, we're seeing responses already.
Vicki Hollub: No, the steam, there is a lag there too, because you've got to heat up the reservoir, so that does take a while.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate: Steve, back to California. So it sounds like what you're seeing by you want the California business to have stable cash flows...
Douglas George Blyth Leggate: So looking at your slide presentation, you're indicating like a $500 million step-up in spending, maybe going all the way up to...
Douglas George Blyth Leggate: Okay. Final one on California. The rates of return, 25% -- up 20%, 25%, I think that's what you said in the slide pack. Considering you have the royalty and given the numbers you've given to us before, like 350,000 barrels a day -- sorry, 250 barrels a day with 250,000 EOR, on the cost that you give us, those returns sounds conservative. What -- is that -- I mean, am I reading something wrong there? Or those numbers -- something changed from the [indiscernible]...
Douglas George Blyth Leggate: Okay. Very last one for me. I know you don't want to elaborate probably on the restructuring at this point. But can you help us with frame on order of magnitude for how you see share buybacks when you do get to the point where you're going to do a [indiscernible] auction? An order of magnitude would be great.
