Vicki A. Hollub: Well, we've almost done all that we wanted to do with our portfolio optimization. The main thing that we wanted to do was to exit those areas that were not core for us, where we didn't really have a competitive advantage and therefore were going to have a really hard time truly adding value at the rate and the delivery that Permian Resources and the Permian EOR can give us. So we – the remaining area that we are now that's non-core that we will be continuing to reduce our exposure to will be in Bahrain. Libya, where we've stopped all investment there. So now we're down to the core areas of Abu Dhabi, Oman, and Qatar in the Middle East, Colombia in South America, the Permian in the U.S. along with South Texas. So we view the Permian, Colombia, and the three areas in the Middle East to still have opportunities for us to continue to grow. And we're going to try to restrict our activities to just those areas, because the one thing that we think will make us better and where we can continue to get better is to focus. And again to focus in areas where we have a competitive advantage. And we believe that we do in all those areas. So our growth opportunities in the future will be focused on just those areas, with a priority being given to the Permian Basin. Because of our size, our exposure there, we feel like that's where we get the most value for the dollars that we invest. So we would prioritize the Permian as a growth strategy.
Vicki A. Hollub: Yeah. I'll talk first about the 20% that I mentioned. Really the 20% that I'd mentioned in terms of what we expect ultimately our Resources business to contribute to total production. That comment was driven by the fact that we were really excited about our EOR business, and the fact that our teams over the past year-and-a-half have been working on ways to expand our capacity there, so that we could actually accelerate some of our development. We have about 1.4 billion barrels of oil equivalent remaining reserves and potential in EOR. And we want to – at our current pace of development that would take about 22 years. So we really wanted to accelerate that. But when we looked at cases where we would need to build a new massive mega plant to do that, it really didn't add the value that met our hurdles. So what our teams have done now is they've actually found ways to expand our existing infrastructure for a much lower cost. So we're really excited about being able to over the next 3 years to 5 years start to accelerate EOR. And the good thing about that is our EOR business has just a 4% decline. So we think that combining it with the continued growth from our Resources should get us to a point where we can manage the overall base decline of the company to a point where we can better weather these down cycles that are always going to occur at points as we go forward. So right now we – what we would do in the short term, though, as we're waiting for our facilities expansion in EOR, is any improvements in oil prices to a level that's sufficient to enable us to be able to ramp up, that activity would go first to Resources. So for example, this year we have about $500 million committed capital that will come off next year. And so we expect next year that we would shift that $500 million, most of that, to Permian Resources to continue the growth that we had started there. In terms of rigs, it's hard to estimate what our rig count would be because our teams are continuing to improve their efficiencies, they're continuing to reduce the days required to drill per well. So we would look at it more from a targeted production sample. And then Jody and his team would have to figure out what number of rigs that would require. And based on the productivity of the wells and the improved efficiencies, I think they want to go through another couple of quarters to get an idea of how much better that's getting before they put any estimates together. But we're really encouraged by what we're seeing.
Vicki A. Hollub: Yeah. We – as you said we just got that. We haven't had it very long. But our teams are already starting to work there and to see potential there. When SandRidge was developing it, they were developing it more for the hydrocarbons. Our teams are looking more – at it more from a standpoint of looking for CO2. And they're – so they're seeing some opportunities for us to increase our delivery through Century Plant for CO2. So that's going to help us going forward. Now that for us is not something that we absolutely have to have to begin our acceleration. But it does help. And it could help to lower our cost. So that will play a part in our strategy.
Vicki A. Hollub: Okay. We – as I said Permian will be our highest priority in terms of looking for growth potential and for acquisitions of assets. As other companies are still in the process of streamlining their portfolios, we're hoping that there will be properties that come available, assets that they may decide that are no longer core to them. We're staying abreast of that. And we're actually – we are proactively talking to other companies, some not on the list that you see on the slide. Some are companies that may have just water flood opportunities that we can expand into for future CO2 development. But we're certainly interested in both EOR assets, as well as resources. But the problem with the resources assets currently is that the prices are still very high for those.
Vicki A. Hollub: I think it's in a normal world – and that would be one where we would expect to see production increasing in the Permian and NGL and gas prices recovering to some degree – we would expect to see in the neighborhood of $100 million to $200 million income at least from the Midstream business.
Vicki A. Hollub: Well, what I'd say about that is we really don't have a set price at which we would increase. We want to see some sustainable improvement with prices. And we want to make sure that the fundamentals support prices. I know a lot of people are saying that around $50 they would start to ramp up. We have a very deep inventory in both resources and the EOR business that would generate really good returns at $50. We're pretty committed to staying at the $3 billion capital range for this year. But Jody and his team in the Permian business are looking at opportunities to ramp up in those areas where they've already started development. And we're prepared to do it when prices do recover. But we would expect that to be maybe adding a rig toward the end of this year. And then ramping up at some point next year again, if prices look like they're going to be in a range that's sustainable.
Vicki A. Hollub: Yeah. We're looking at all areas within the Permian Basin. We're – for Resources we would look in Delaware [Basin], Midland Basin, Central Basin Platform. We'd also look in some of those same areas, particularly Central Basin Platform and parts of the Midland Basin for EOR opportunities. So we're definitely looking around the Permian.
Vicki A. Hollub: Well, we look at the long view of things. So the issue has not been with us in terms of what we would be willing to go out and do from a pricing standpoint, because we – especially around EOR assets, those are assets that produce 50 years, 60 years, 70 years. So we're taking a long view on looking at acquisition opportunities with both EOR assets and Resources. The issue has been with some of the sellers who seem to believe that prices were going to really spike back up to $80, $90, $100. And it seems now that both the outlook for prices is starting to come closer together between the buyers and the sellers. But not quite on the Resources side, where we think it ought to be.
Vicki A. Hollub: I think that what we've done with our staff has definitely differentiated us from our competition. And I think it's a contrarian view to how one should manage through a cycle like this. What we've done is we made the commitment to our employees that we were going to keep our staffing level. We did have just a voluntary separation program at the beginning, where some of our later career people who had family issues and needs to go and to leave the company. We allowed some people to leave. But we were selective in terms of trying to make sure that we lost no capability internally. And so those people that did leave had in most cases done a great job of training and mentoring people to take their place. So what we've ended up with is a very capable workforce that has the skills and experience necessary in the mid-career to later career experiences. But also some early career people who have done just a phenomenal job of helping us through this down cycle. Because what we did is to try to ensure that we were reducing cost, we took some of our early career people, sent them to the field. They replaced contractors in both our production operations, our well servicing, and our drilling activities. And so they were replacing contractors who had been doing these jobs for a number of years, had a lot of experience. And our early career people went out there, learned it quickly. And because of the way they view things and their fresh approach to asking questions and looking at things differently, we expected them to go out there mostly to learn. But they actually went out there to learn, they added value, they improved logistics, and improved efficiencies. And not only was it a cost reduction from the elimination of contractors, but it was actually an improvement, because they did a fabulous job to improve efficiencies and to think about how to do things differently. Our field staff on the other hand, what they did is they got really aggressive and proactive with mentoring these early career people. And so the combination of both our experienced staff and our earlier career staff working together, they have really added value. And that's part of the reason that our efficiencies are improving. We're seeing these cost reductions in the field. We have to attribute that to both the early career and the mentors out in the field. In addition to that, what we're doing is we know that to be successful for the long haul with an industry that has changed now – and the industry that we're facing today has reservoirs that are tougher to develop, costlier. And really a world that's more complex than it used to be. So what we feel like is we've got to get to the absolute lowest possible cost structure to ensure that we have sufficient margins in a wider price range than what we've worked in in the past. And so to do that we feel like you can't do business as usual. You really have to take a different approach to how you're looking at cost structure reductions. And so we've got teams that are working on things that are further out. Some of which I can't talk about right now. But they're looking at how do we change the cost structure of 2018, 2019? What we have to do now to do that? And so they're working on the longer view. And these are some of the people that were deployed to these project groups from the drilling and completion operations since we had the major reduction in that activity. What we've found is by giving our staff more time to become more strategic and innovative, they're delivering value. So we not only have a commitment from our management to keep our staff, our staff has more than paid for that decision by their delivery and their performance. And they're continuing to exceed our expectations. Every time it seems that we set targets for them, they exceed it, because they're not – they recognize that we've made the commitment. So they've already also made the commitment. And they're just – they've been phenomenal. And our staff is very, very engaged. And I believe we'll come through this cycle with a much more committed, loyal, and highly skilled workforce that will be well prepared for any kind of ramp up that we'll see over the next couple years.
Vicki A. Hollub: Yeah. I would say while we very much value our operations in Oman and Qatar, we also – I've been very impressed with the UAE, especially the leadership in Abu Dhabi. And they're very progressive. And we enjoy doing business there. We've had success with a couple of companies there, Mubadala when we developed the Dolphin Project. And now ADNOC in the Al Hosn Project. We've seen that our team partners very well with both of those companies. And both of those projects were highly successful. Now I'm going to let Sandy talk about a project that we just entered into an agreement a year ago or so to look at some offshore fields there. This is also a project I'm really excited about. And before I hand it to Sandy to talk about that, I would say in Oman, Block 62, we've just brought on some gas production there, which also is another growth opportunity for us there. So we still believe there are opportunities to grow in the Middle East. I'll hand it over to Sandy.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. And I'm assuming Steve is listening in somewhere, so we wish him well. And, Vicki, congratulations.
Doug Leggate: I have a follow-up actually to Evan's question on CO2. And it goes back to an announcement at the beginning of the year that you had been awarded the Pinon Field in the West Texas Overthrust from SandRidge, and all the facilities went along with that. Well, I seem to recall that then essentially gives you a CO2 source. And I'm wondering how that fits into the CO2 strategy as it relates to potentially additional capacity? So I wonder if you could speak to that first? Then I have a follow up please.
Doug Leggate: Okay. Thank you. And my final one if I may. I think this might be for Chris. A couple of – a couple quarters ago you gave us a slide showing the cash burn in the non-core assets, the stuff that basically you're trying to exit. I think it was at $100 oil. I wonder if you could you share with us what that cash burn associated with those was at the – in the first quarter? And I'll leave it there. Thanks
Jody Elliott: Yeah, Vicki. I think the other thing that we want to see is the effect of our base management programs. We're having some really good success there with pump maintenance, with surveillance activities, re-completions. And that's providing some uplift as well. So we want to see all those play out before kind of committing to the back half
Jody Elliott: At this point we've got a pretty good inventory in those areas with the infrastructure that meet a pretty low price hurdle. So we'll have some infrastructure, but not the really big stuff in the near term.
Jody Elliott: Yeah. Thanks, Ed. I think we see this extending across a good portion of that acreage. It's not just in that Cedar Canyon area that we've showed some highlights on. We're really encouraged with New Mexico.
Jody Elliott: Multiple benches. And again that's going to be a function of where you are. Some benches are better and some geographic areas. But at least two and in some cases upwards of four.
Jody Elliott: Yeah. Good question, Ed. Trying to predict the time where that supply/demand balance occurs is a little bit like trying to predict oil prices. Today there's a pretty good excessive capacity in the market. But having said that a significant portion of our improvements are due to things like design changes, technology improvements, utilizing some proprietary things such as Oxy Drilling Dynamics. We've invented some special stabilizers and drilling. Integrated planning, manufacturing mode, all those things are really driving the portion of – the big portion of our cost improvements. And those are sustainable. We've maintained our workforce. So when we ramp back up we won't have to access high cost consultants to run rigs and run frac cores. And we've recently made an alignment change with our supply chain organization, where they've been integrated into operations as part of our integrated planning teams. And so the result of that is we've got better alignment of our commercial and our technical strategies to the actual value drivers in each one of those programs. And that lets us drive productivity, utilization, logistics improvements. And that takes cost out of the system, not only for us but for our suppliers. And so in most cases price is important, but it's not the needle mover. So but we are in conversations with our strategic suppliers to determine ways we can better align our operations, drive out combined system costs, and focus on goals where we've got common success. And given our scale in the Permian, we're getting pretty considerable interest. So we continue to make immediate improvements to cash flow and cost. We're proactively taking actions to mitigate against inflation in a higher WTI environment. I mean at the end of the day we'll be ready
Jody Elliott: Again we take a pretty measured approach to updating our EURs in our inventory. We want to see more production, better understand GOR modeling. And so with a little bit more time we'll update our EURs. But we are really encouraged by the results we're seeing with kind of generation two, generation three, not only frac designs but our modeling efforts. We would expect those to help across the board
