Stephen I. Chazen: Bill will answered in more detail. But on the overview, we've been -- I think both Bill and I have been stunned by how the people, especially in the field operations, have responded to this. So a lot of great ideas, some of them maybe a little off in left field, but a lot of great ideas. And so we've been very pleased with this. I think Bill can give -- and it's really spread over a lot of categories. There's no one thing we can point out and say it was caused by this or that. And I think maybe I'll let Bill talk about it here for a minute because Bill's been out talking to the people in the field.
Stephen I. Chazen: I'd like to go back, Doug. I mean, the goal here is not just cutting the costs, but making more margin. And so it isn't just about you cut the cost by closing down a facility or something, but the goal is creating more margins, so, so far, we haven't seen any reduction in our production as a result of this.
Stephen I. Chazen: We're open to any ideas that will generate real value. The midstream segment is, I hate to use the bad word, but integrated with our mostly Permian operations. And we believe that our oil company gets better prices for the product, the oil. And putting it in a form where some third party shared in that may not be the best thing to do. Chemical companies -- this is a chlorine and caustic business -- chemical companies as a [indiscernible] group don't generate huge multiples. So I mean, there's other things people could talk about doing that -- and we look at all this stuff regularly to see whether there's real value here that could be created. So both Ray and I are large shareholders in the business. We're not here to collect salaries. And so from our perspective, most of our net worth, or at least I'll say it for me, is tied up in this. So from our perspective, we're perfectly aligned with the shareholders in this. And our goal is to make the shareholder -- the stock go up and increase our net worth that way rather than through 5% increase in our salary or something. So I think that -- I think we're perfectly aligned. A lot of people I know in the business don't have a lot of stock, but we're perfectly aligned on this and we continue to look at things that make sense that will increase value. But those 2 segments are small compared to the total and so -- but I'd be very cautious about the midstream because it's so heavily integrated into our margins in the Permian. Because one of the advantage we have in the Permian is we control our own infrastructure and to be a fiduciary -- you still could control it. Being a fiduciary is not necessarily what you want to be. We can -- Willie -- Willie Chiang who runs that business can maybe talk about it a little bit.
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes, I hate to overpromise here, so I think we'll stick with our current outlook. We've been -- both Bill and I have been surprised and even -- and in Sandy's operations, too. I'm surprised at a lot of the ideas that have been generated. So while I'm, I don't know if the word is euphoric; for me, euphoric, about what we're doing, I just don't want to get ahead of ourselves. We'll deliver what we say and hopefully a bit more. I really don't want to go into overstating it, but it's certainly looking very strong right now. What are we going to do with the cash? We talked about this forever. When the stock was poor, after the last call we took -- we stepped up and bought a fair number of shares. And had I known it was going to respond so quickly to stock, I would have bought more shares admittedly. But my ability to predict the stock price is modest on a good day. So there could be some of that. There could be higher dividend growth. But the goals are still the same. When the stock price doesn't reflect the reality of the business, that'll be used. And when people get negative about the stock for usually short-term reasons, we'll deal with that. And dividends are important part of the business. So exactly what we're going to do, I don't know. But even with the numbers I've given you, you should understand with the numbers of the cash from operations less the capital, there's $3.1 billion of difference and that's really last year's product prices. And that, I think I've been reasonable, if you will, in figuring that number out. So I think that with the dividends taking a little more than half of that, it still leaves a fair amount left and I would expect over time that number will widen. The Al Hosn project, which if somebody asked about it, we'll get Sandy to talk about it, the Al Hosn product is going to add a lot of cash flow to the company and obviously reduce our capital spend. So as we look forward to 2015 and late 2014 maybe, but 2015 for sure, company's cash flow will grow. We can't treat our business the same as the small producer. Small producer takes all his money and drills wells with it. So his current production may look a little better. But we have to spend a fair amount of our money on the long term and the projects like Al Hosn and maybe additional projects in the Middle East will help our business over time and you suffer a little bit now. But on the long run, these are things that build the company out. So if that answers your question.
Stephen I. Chazen: It's a slight shift actually. It's not a huge shift. The program -- one of the issues we had -- I had really last year was that as we tried to boost the program, we couldn't really -- we counted on being able to drill. And if we didn't get the permit or whatever, you wound up with a fair amount of rig inefficiency because you couldn't drill the rig. You couldn't the well. You had to find some other location for the rig. So we put in a very conservative program this year that can be delivered fairly straightforwardly without a lot of problem, with decent results, we think, and better results than we had last year. As the issues clarify later in the year and if we see good opportunities, we could shift. But I think right now, we want high certainty, good returns and that's what we're doing in California and in the Permian. So I mean, that's really the goal of this year. And if we see better opportunities later on, we'll do that.
Stephen I. Chazen: I think it's likely to flatten out. We're very close. If you look at the program and forget the revisions, if you just look at the program and the overall finding and developing cost of program, once you see those numbers, you haven't seen them yet of course, you'll see the $17 is very close to what we're doing worldwide. And when Al Hosn comes on, the depreciation expense per BOE is going to fall for the company so -- because you're going to get low depreciation barrels. So I can't say it won't vary a little bit. But I think as we roll through this year, we ought to be okay. I think our F&D on the program basis, again ignoring revisions, is actually pretty good. And I think that this is -- you don't really know, of course, but we're very close here. So I think we had to sort of suffer through it this year. And as we roll into next year and the year after, we ought to see improvements in the DD&A just from what we have in our portfolio. In addition, we should pick up some margin on our oil barrels in the Permian as that market equilibrates. And so I think that -- and some additional chemical earnings from the new plant. So I think our overall cash from operations and earnings will get better, but I think we're close here on the DD&A. I don't think there's not really much more -- and we've taken out some -- in the charge, we took out some of the things that were a drag on it.
Stephen I. Chazen: I'll answer the last part and let Bill talk about the Permian program. Last part is we picked up a few thousand barrels a day in the Permian in the fourth quarter, under 5,000 surely. 3,000 or 4,000 a day, I would guess by the time we're through. And we picked up a little gas in California. I did sell forward or whatever the form of art [ph] is for that, the gas that we bought at the lower $4 an Mcf for 15 months, so we get about 1/3 of our money back in the 15 months that we put into it. So in that basis, a reasonable cost. And that's really all you'll probably see. Bill can talk about our Permian program, and a lot smarter than I am.
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes, we've already seen some sizable, actually reductions in the costs, but we're not where we need to be. And so we're going to continue to drill at a moderate rate there and see what goes on. But we're down to sort of all right numbers. And of course, the product price is now better there than it's been. So -- but I think we'll hold this level -- we'll likely hold this level this year of drilling and work on reducing our costs and spending less time moving rigs because there's a lot of money we spent on moving rigs around. So if you concentrate your program in a few places, we can, I think, get better results. Once we see better results, I think we can boost the program next year. We're trying to keep the capital under control this year. There's always more money that could be spent. We could spend some more money here. We could spend more money there. We're trying to keep the program under control this year. Next year, as the capital needs of some of the longer-term projects start to roll over, then we can look at what's the best use of the capital. For this year, I think we're trying to be conservative and only spend the money on the best things we can.
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes, there is. The target still exists, let's not argue, but the target's there because if we grew about 5% last year and if we look ahead to the Al Hosn project going on, you'll be -- for the multiyear period, you'll be there. The reason I'm not is as we cut back on the gas drilling, the outlooks that we have are difficult to measure exactly because they tend generally to overstate the decline because of the way they compute it. And so it's really about the U.S. gas and that's the only thing that I view as -- and that's why we're not -- I wish you guys would stop talking about BOEs or at least convert it 25 to 1 or something. But that's really our issue is that our gas production you just don't know what's going to happen exactly. We can predict the oil production, I think, reasonably well because the program is focused on that and it's pretty reliable and designed to be conservatively estimated. The gas is just hard and so that's why we're staying away from the BOE sort of calculation. But as far as profitability goes, this is where the money is. If somebody thinks we ought to drill some gas wells to break even, I suppose we could do that, to make some BOE numbers. But I mean, the money right now is in oil, I mean, black oil. I don't mean NGLs. And so that's why we're doing it.
Stephen I. Chazen: No, just Iraq. The reason in Iraq is we don't know what the capital is because it's not in our control. I mean, there's another operator there, so if they spend more money, you'll get more production. And if they spend less, you'll get less production. But on a cash flow basis, you get the money back so quick. Let's say, you put another $200 million or whatever the number is into capital, you'll get the $200 million back within 6 months. So it's sort of -- and that's the number that I -- it's not in our control. The things that are in control we could at least more or less figure, but things that are not in our control and in the control of somebody else, it's just very hard. And so you can wind up a lot more or fewer barrels in Iraq depending on what they spend. Nobody should be bothered by that really, but it's not something -- it's like gas decline and not something I can estimate. But it's even more out of our control because it's a third-party operator operating in a difficult environment.
Stephen I. Chazen: It just depends -- we can't create acquisitions. Somebody has to want to sell. And at the end of last year, for tax reasons or whatever, we had to rush people in the fourth quarter. So if you want to run a lot of acquisitions, you ought to go to people in Washington and talk about raising capital gains taxes or something and we'll get more acquisitions. We can't really predict it. $1 billion, $1.5 billion is probably sort of there at some point, but we don't see anything this quarter that amounts to anything. There's really no activity and nothing really that amounts to anything on the horizon. Right now, in the areas we would acquire, which is basically the Permian, we've got our -- we've got a full program when we can manage of acquisitions right now, especially capital-intensive ones, which is almost all of these are now are not a high priority.
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, anything that adds value, we would look at. Bakken is a -- if costs were a little better and it's a place where there's a lot of oil in the United States. The differentials have gone away, but if somebody liked to buy my desk and they pay the right price, they're more than welcome to it. There's not much in the drawers.
Stephen I. Chazen: First of all, it's a board decision, not mine. I'll have a view, but it's not really mine -- not my decision to make. Everybody here is committed to dividend growth and exactly what it'll be just depends. It just depends on how predictable it is. It also depends on the stock price to some extent. If you get downward movement in the stock price, we may shift some more money to buying in some shares. So you should expect double-digit growth in the dividends going forward, but whether we know exactly what it'll be in any one year is hard to say. But I think as we look through this whole process in the next 2 or 3 years, we ought to see increased free cash flow and the ability to pay higher dividends.
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes, I think the Mid-Continent had some performance issues in some of the gas reservoirs, which we -- that way. And then there's an old reservoir in old Elk Hills which underperformed. I think those are the 2 major areas where there was performance revisions.
Stephen I. Chazen: Contractors are difficult number because there's guys out in the field that are contractors. You hire Halliburton or something, that's really not what we're talking about. These are mostly office-related contractors. And the numbers, I think...
Stephen I. Chazen: High hundreds. And that's maybe 20%, 25% of what's there. But these aren't the contractors like the Haliburtons out. This isn't work over -- guys doing work over. These are guys primarily in the offices.
Stephen I. Chazen: You're never done looking at costs. It's like nobody's ever done. When you take a layer out, you look at where you are, you see what's going on, you see if you're hurting your production, hurting your margins and then you go look at it again. These are -- you take the things that you know you can handle first and then you move down the road. Getting done with looking at costs, it just never happens. So nobody really -- there's no plan that says every month you're going to fire 100 contractors or something. It just -- we're trying to do it in a way that's not done with a meat axe but with a scalpel.
Stephen I. Chazen: So we're pretty far behind booking relative to the spending. So you should expect to see more additions over the next 2 or 3 years. And really beyond that as the project matures and there's more opportunity for gas delivery, I think you'll see a lot more additions. So I think we're very early in the booking here and this is about as little as we could actually book given the facts.
Stephen I. Chazen: I don't really know. Most of it was done in the fourth quarter, so it didn't add anything. So you picked up a little bit in the early part of the year, but virtually, all of -- nothing really of a few thousand barrels a day maybe in the last year. But almost all of the production basically closed at the end of the year. So last year was sort of nothing.
Stephen I. Chazen: The production -- it's always the same. Permian is the largest piece. Hopefully, every so often you find a piece in California, but it gets harder and harder for us. And some occasionally in the Bakken, if you can get the right price. It doesn't really change the strategy, the plan, the acquisitions don't change very much. Occasionally you find something in South Texas maybe that adds to what we have, but those tend to be pretty small.
Stephen I. Chazen: No, no, no. The oil production will come from Permian and California, both, and maybe a little out of the Bakken even. But I mean, that's -- we're spending the money in the Permian so that's what you're going to see it. But we're also spending a fair amount of money in California and again they're focused on oil drilling. Our California oil production, as we get through -- as we head into '14, will grow sharply as some of these steam floods and other things start to come on. So once we get through the permitting phase of that activity, you'll see some more volume, oil volume growth, into '14 and '15.
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, it's all of the above. I think we've said this before, but if you over drill high decline wells, while it may excite you for this quarter or next quarter or something, it makes next year more difficult because you're faced with high decline wells. So our program is a balance of all those activities. And so it's designed to make a sustainable program, not one that gets a big, big, big level right off.
Stephen I. Chazen: We're not -- we have a lot of acreage. We're not trying to spend the maximum amount of money right off the bat. We're trying to learn from what other people are doing, cutting through it. While other people have maybe less acreage or less opportunities, they're basically into this and we'll learn from them and we'll begin some of their wells because of our large position rather than go and be the experiment or we can actually learn for a relatively low cost to figure out whether these things make sense. These plays are relatively new. Determining the ultimate recoverable reserves of a play that's 1 year old or 18 months old when you have huge decline, initial decline rates, is very difficult and we tend to be fairly conservative of how we look at it because we don't know how it's going to flat -- how the curve is going to flatten. And that's maybe just us, but we can afford to wait, be patient and thoughtful about this. And we're maybe less convinced than other people about the ultimate recovery. But we'll find out here in the next year or 2 as these plays mature and our position is good enough that we can do that.
Stephen I. Chazen: So as you think about it, it's a little less than the beginning and so the exit rate will be different, it will be higher. Otherwise, you won't make the average.
Stephen I. Chazen: Very little, but we're starting -- we're not ignoring that. But right now, it's really all within our power. And we're not planning that, but there's clearly some out there. So we would hope to get some from that, but what we're planning on is what we could do within our control.
Stephen I. Chazen: Yes, and you can see how it's generating more NGLs. As for the gases you can't see it exactly. But the gas is down at Elk Hills. But the equivalent amount of BOEs were converted into NGLs. So even though we're getting good -- not good gas prices but relatively good gas prices in California, you get better prices for NGLs.
William E. Albrecht: Doug, can you hear me? Hello? Okay. Very good. Like Steve said, these savings have been generated both on the capital side as well as the operating cost side. And on the capital side, as Steve mentioned in his remarks, we're well on our way to achieving our targets. We're about halfway home on the capital side. And on the operating expense side, which is where our field people really do come into play, and very important that those folks that are closest to the well had embraced this, they really have. I mean, we're actually more than 50% toward our goal on the operating expense side, more like 2/3 of the way there. And it's across a lot of different categories. Just top to bottom, not just one specific thing.
William E. Albrecht: Ed, we're looking to average somewhere between 25 to 27 rigs in the Permian. And roughly 1/3 of that program will be in the Wolfberry, which we've spoken to you about in previous calls. Another 1/3 is going to be mainly in the Delaware Basin. And then the remainder will be centered around several other anchor-type programs. And of course, the well cost that you mentioned, horizontals, depends on a lot of things, lateral length, the depth of the well and those sorts of things. But what we've seen is about a 50% or so overall weighted average capital cost reduction in a number of our anchor programs in the Permian.
William E. Albrecht: Yes, Leo, really not so much. Only about 15% to 20% or so of our wells in the Permian are going to be true horizontals. Now having said that, we do drill a number of highly deviated wells, but those are still not horizontals. It's only in certain specific limited plays where we're drilling horizontal wells.
William E. Albrecht: Roger, really what dictates an increase in horizontal drilling is the reservoir and the targets that you're going after, which is why in the Permian, as I said earlier, you really don't see a huge proportion of your wells being horizontal because we've got other targets, multiple pay-type targets and reservoirs that are more amenable to vertical drilling as opposed to horizontal. So really, what dictates it more than anything is the target.
William E. Albrecht: Well, I think as some of these unconventional plays prove themselves up I think you could expect to see a little bit more increase in horizontal drilling. But as I said before, 1/3 of our program is in the Wolfberry, which is vertical drilling essentially. And another 1/3 is in the Delaware Basin, which, again, is largely driven by vertical drilling. So as some of these unconventional plays mature, then I think you'll see a little bit more in the way of horizontal holes in those reservoirs.
William E. Albrecht: I mean, on an absolute dollar basis, Eliot, we're looking at $450 million to $500 million of reduction in absolute OpEx. That's on the domestic side.
W. C. W. Chiang: I'll may make a comment on just the what we're seeing in the fourth quarter and first quarter. The differentials, you can see how they've been significantly depressed fourth quarter because of turnarounds and pipeline maintenance out of the Permian, we were seeing significant discounts. And I think a good example of what Steve talked about is our project that we're working with Magellan on BridgeTex to get access to the Gulf Coast through Colorado City, which is essentially midland. And as you all well know, when you have constrained supply that's not a good thing. So price signals work, infrastructure gets built and we're able to match supply with demand and get access to other markets. And I think to do that without control in a midstream company is a little more difficult, but we see it as a real, real advantage that we have.
W. C. W. Chiang: Paul, I think if you look at the infrastructure in the industry right now, industry is -- the infrastructure has lagged the prices signals. Price signals haven't been there. People haven't built out. We all wish we would have built more infrastructure earlier. We don't deal only with the Brent-TI spread. We also have the Midland, the Cushing spread. And so if you're limited in pipeline capacity takeaway as we are currently in the Permian, we saw some huge differentials fourth quarter with combined turnarounds, as I talked about in some pipeline on maintenance. So again, we're trying ...
W. C. W. Chiang: Well, my point is, yes, by putting more infrastructure in and making sure we have access in different markets. I think going forward you should see that we won't get as impacted with any of these abnormalities between -- the basis difference between regions.
W. C. W. Chiang: I think there's a lot of other people kind of looking at LLS prices in different basis differentials. Our key is getting Permian to the Gulf and making sure we get the highest prices possible.
