Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Rob. When we established Low Carbon Ventures in 2018, we knew we were ahead of the curve in recognizing the opportunity and necessity of building a carbon management business, both to help reduce global emissions and to enhance our business. At that time, we were focused on key technologies and projects that would reduce Oxy's emissions and provide a more sustainable future business.  Today, we have advanced that vision and fully appreciate the vast scope of the carbon management opportunity as well as the cross-industry support and partnership in front of us. On past earnings calls, we had discussed several of the initiatives Low Carbon Ventures is developing and Oxy's ambition to achieve net zero before 2050. We've been working on key technology developments and important commercial needs to advance LCV's projects that are now in a position to move more fully -- and more fully detail our low carbon business and how it positions us to realize our net-zero ambition and improve our long-term business.   On March 23, we will host a Low Carbon Ventures investor update, where we will provide a detailed update on our low-carbon strategy, with a focus on the technology and commercial development of carbon-capture projects, specifically direct air capture. The event, which we expect may last up to 2.5 hours, will be accessible through our website.  As I've said before, we are excited about our unique position and capabilities as a company. We value our broader low-carbon and business partnerships that are growing, and our workforce is energized to advance this immense opportunity before us.   We'll now open the call for your questions. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. I'll let Ken answer that. He's got his team actually working on that in view of some of the challenges we've had with the recent lease sale. Actually, we have a great new story on that. 
Vicki Hollub: Well, it really depends on the projects. And what we always do is we try to design our capital programs to deliver the best returns. And so it's always -- as we develop our areas, it's always with that in mind and to build the facilities that require a pace of development that delivers the maximum return.  So we could have lumpy -- a little bit lumpy growth going out. The Gulf of Mexico is a little bit lumpy. In the shale play, depending on whether you're starting a new area or not, it would be a little bit lumpy. But certainly, our capital intensity, we believe, is going to continue over time to be the best in the industry. And the development that we'll have, and whether or not we're at 0% or 5%, will depend on how the program lays out to maximize returns.  So we have, as you see, inventory onshore, inventory in the Gulf of Mexico. We have the -- as well some international projects that could add value. And as I mentioned in my script, we do have in our chemicals business opportunities to grow there. And so the efficiencies and opportunities that we see really will depend on how we can piece it together to deliver the best possible return. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. Matt, we really have enough gas capacity, and as much as we feel like we need at this point and with respect to our growth profile. And for the oil side of it, the contracts start rolling off in 2025 for the oil and gas -- for the oil part of the contract. So we have plenty of capacity. At that time, I think it will take probably a couple of years to get us down to the point where all the contracts are aloft. 
Vicki Hollub: I think we'll talk about that a little bit more as we talk about the project and the capital that we're executing to convert our diaphragm to membranes, because that's going to improve some efficiency in the areas where we're doing that conversion. So we'll actually increase -- be able to increase our capacity. And we'll outline that and detail that a little more in the next earnings call. Because right now, we're currently in the process of doing the FEED study on that.  For today, with respect to other opportunities, we will continue to consider incoming calls about potential partnerships, where it makes sense, to do projects with either customers or more from the perspective of supporting Low Carbon Ventures.  We try to be opportunistic in chemicals and not build without a -- certainly, the demand for the product. And so on the Low Carbon Ventures side, we're, as we go through this, finding opportunities where there are synergies and growing synergies between the chemicals business and the low carbon business. So it will have some growth around that. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. It just -- it really just depends on the permitting process because we do have really good inventory in the DJ Basin as well. And as we go forward and we work out the process, if we get ahead on the permitting, we would consider adding a rig to the -- or a rig or 2 to the DJ as well. 
Vicki Hollub: I think, considering the rest of the portfolio, we don't see a lot of upward pressure for the $3.2 billion as a whole. 
Robert Peterson: Yes. Good question, Jeanine. And so I guess, first, let me comment on the tender that we did at the end in December. We were pretty aggressive on the premiums we've put in that tender because we knew we had an additional $700 million of callable debt available to us at the time. And so we were pretty happy with the ultimate outcome that came out of that.  As we moved forward since then, we have a lot of opportunities to reduce the debt. Last year, we were able to reduce, of the $6.7 billion of debt we did last year, we only paid a 1.5% premium for that. And within that, $4.7 billion of that was actually concentrated on maturities that were 2024 or newer.  And so when I look at the opportunities to retire debt this year, as we indicated, we already retired the remaining January -- last of our 2022 maturities, for $101 million, already this month -- or this quarter.  So we do have tenders, make-whole provisions. We have the ability to build cash on a net debt basis as maturities come forward. We do have the option to settle the February '23 notes, which is the bulk of our 2023 maturities, come callable in November. But overall, when I look at the -- our debt, it is actually even cheaper than it was at the end of the year, largely because as interest rates have risen in the perspective of interest rates rising again.   And so certainly, the next dollar we put forward will be towards debt reduction. And with the cash we ended the year at and the cash we're adding during the quarter, it's pretty safe to say that's probably not too far in the future that we initiate that process again. We don't need to have all of that completed before we return to buying share -- initiate a share purchase program, but we need it to be substantially completed or have line of sight on it being completed before we begin repurchasing shares. 
Robert Peterson: So we have discussed previously provisions with regards to the Berkshire agreement related to shareholder return, enabling us to begin redemption of the Berkshire to $4 per share common dividend to our shareholders. Assuming we repurchased $3 billion of shares in a 12-month period and then you combine that with $0.52 of dividend payments over 4 consecutive quarters, we still won't have distributed enough to reach a $4 per share distribution trigger. It would be about $3.72 at that point.  But I want you to know, the Berkshire common provision isn't a limit on our ability to return value to shareholders. It simply means, if the circumstance arrives and the macro puts us in a place where we have exceeded $4 per share on a trailing 12-month basis, we would just be in a position where we have to redeem an equal portion of Berkshire at a 10% premium as we return to shareholders above and beyond that.  And so as we sit here today in February, agreeing that, yes, there's a lot of potential for elevated oil prices over an extended period of time to create a constructive macro for going beyond our debt focus. But it's a little too early, I think, to speculate on what we would do at that point in time. 
Robert Peterson: Yes, Bill. I think we've already seen in notes published from the various rating agencies that their expectations would be investment grade is somewhere in the mid- to high teens. And so I think getting to that point -- getting to a level at some point, that is, in that $15 billion or less net debt is an ultimate goal for the company.  That would put us in a place -- there -- it also depends sort of on their long-term price horizon. If you take their $60, getting down to a net of $20 billion puts us close to a 2 multiple at that point, depending on EBITDA going on a year in year out basis. So we know we've got to do a little further than that in order to get consideration for investment grade. 
Robert Peterson: Based on the activity level we have planned for this year, we would probably consume the balance of the carry this year, but we don't anticipate really flipping in 2022. 
Robert Peterson: So Doug, I think the first way I'd answer part of your question is the -- once we begin to initiate the share repurchases, it will be done both in an open-market repurchase basis when the market is open; and when it's closed, through a 10b5 type programmatic program.  The stock, as you know, is extremely liquid. I mean, we can easily purchase $1 billion of shares in less than 14 trading days without -- I mean, close to 15% of the average daily trading volume. So that's a pretty safe way that, over a fairly short period of time, if we wanted to, we could accomplish $3 billion goal.  But that goal, certainly be dictated by our free cash flow generation. That's largely related to the commodity prices. And it's -- we're in an environment right now where we've -- the hedges have rolled off, we're giving our shareholders full exposure to commodity prices, which we think over the cycle of the commodities, will deliver the most value to the company and ultimately the most value to shareholders.  But along with that, we realized that the macro can change for a lot of different risk factors that can cause prices to go unconstructive for us in a rapid fashion also. And so we can't find ourselves in a position where maybe we'd tackled the stock ahead of time, and the price environment changed for whatever reason, and we haven't addressed the debt first.  And that's part of the reason why we understand that, over the long -- over the course of the year, we may end up paying more for the stock to retire it. But in aligning risks and opportunities for shareholders, we think the approach are taking the most prudent way to do it. 
Robert Peterson: Well, the time line is going to be dependent upon the availability of cash, Doug. That's what's going to be the driver of it. But in terms of ability to execute, with the liquidity of the stock, a time frame of being we complete it in the second half of the year, even if we didn't initiate until the second half of the year, would not be a challenge. 
Robert Peterson: Yes, Neil, I'll take the one on chemicals. And so what I'd point to first, I know you understand the business well, is obviously, we -- if you look at Slide 39 in the deck, the 2 business -- profit drivers in the business are the PVC business or the vinyls business and the caustic soda business. And both of those did materially improve throughout 2021. And when we have favorable conditions in both, the impact to earnings is pretty significant.  And so what you're seeing is -- first, let me just say that where the market is at right now, as the PVC business is still quite tight, very tight supply/demand balance. We think operating rates for the industry were in 80%, 81% in January. Demand was slightly higher in January of '22 relative to January '21, less than 1%, but a little bit better. Producers are attempting to build inventory in PVC right now in advance of outages that are scheduled, but you've got this situation where they're already at low inventories and the pull from the construction sector remains strong. And so you've got attempts to grow inventories while demand is still quite strong.  We expect demand to remain strong in the PVC business throughout 2022. There's a very favorable housing starts outlook. Mortgage rates obviously remain pretty low, and the remodeling sector also remains very attractive.  And so you can look at the export side of the business. So in January, there's only about 250 million pounds of export, which is about 30% less than '21. That's reflective of the lack of product available right now.  And so we certainly see -- you're not going to have an opportunity for inventory to really replenish itself and exports to even return until probably the latter part of the second quarter when resin supply might be normalized in the wake of outages, assuming there's no unplanned outages over that period.  And then in case of the chlor-alkali side, we're seeing a very tight supply/demand market, largely because of production challenges. Operating rates, we think, in the industry are going to be somewhere in the low 80s for the first quarter. There's a lot of planned outages scheduled between now and May of '22, but there's been a significant number of unplanned outages still in the industry impacting product availability.  And on the chlorine side, we think growth -- we'll see growth at least 3% to 4% this year. Again, all the sector markets are strong with the similar markets to the PVC that draw on the chlor-alkali side of the business. We think that will be also supplemented by there's improving travel and then business spending, return to office will drive pulp and paper usage for caustic soda, et cetera. So a lot of things that we think are going to be positive on that.  And on the international side of the caustic business, certainly rising natural gas prices and availability in Europe and Asia will have already impacted operating rates or chloro vinyl producers overseas, which is driving up values to that.  And so the biggest change year-over-year and why I think there's maybe a surprise because conditions were so remarkable in 2021. And why would we be guiding to something higher than that?  Is that if you go back and look at the beginning of the year, caustic soda at the beginning of 2021 was still coming out of the really low values at the post-COVID drop in 2020. PVC has recovered very quickly on the construction side, but caustic was dragging its way up a little by a little out of the lows experienced during 2020. And so caustic prices improved sequentially quarter after quarter throughout 2021, which is why you'll see the earnings for the segment in the fourth quarter was -- typically, the first and fourth are the shoulder quarters and the strong ones are the midyear, Q2, Q3. But you had almost -- you had doubled the earnings in the chemicals segment in the fourth quarter compared to the first quarter.  And so we're coming in with so much more momentum, which is why our guide for Q1 is so strong for the chemical business. And so it's not that we're predicting those conditions persist all the way through the entire year, we're just going to start from a higher point. How long that these conditions persist will impact whether that guidance actually could increase over the balance of the year potentially, if it holds on longer than we're anticipating. We do anticipate that things, as I said, will start to normalize maybe the middle part of the year. 
Robert Peterson: And David, just to add to your point, I mean, on top of what Richard and Vicki just went through, I mean, from a decline standpoint, as you know, we improved the base decline from 25% 2 years ago to 22% last year. And it's the same this year, it's at 22% as well. But given the things Richard said, that gives potential to flatten that out of it in the future. 
Richard Jackson: Matt, this is Richard. I'll take that one for us. So with respect to the permits in the DJ, really have had good progress over the last years is how I would describe it. Just looking at some of the permits in hand, we've had about 46 wells permitted, which takes us through really past half the year.  And so what we've really put in place is optionality in our program. So you dig into sort of our onshore plan for this year, we have plans to pick up a second rig in the year. And really, that's based on confidence with where we're going with our permit.  So as you know, last year, some changes in terms of the process happened. And so we've been meaningfully engaged over the last year, importantly, at the stakeholder level and communities and then now with the state. But we've seen in our own pads approved as well as other operators. And I think the feedback that we've received, and we continue to work on together, is continuing to improve technology and things that we know that can really place us in a good place for development.  So I guess, in short, we're optimistic. We've got a rig plan to come in, in the second half of the year, but have optionality within the program to be able to adjust as needed. 
Richard Jackson: Maybe we'll start with onshore and speak to that a little bit. I think you've got it right. I think if you look over the last couple of years and what's happened, certainly, 2020 had a significant reset for us in terms of activity levels. And so preserving cash investment at that point and really dropped activity levels almost completely.  And so coming on the back half and into 2021, we had things like the DUCs in the DJ that allowed us that ability to add production and maximize cash flow for 2021 with a lot less capital investment. And so what happened last year was really, as we think about the transition, it went from transitioning from DUCs as we restored activity, really to drilling and completion, which is a much more steady-state pipeline for our production delivery.  And so the way that played out was really, at the end of the fourth quarter, beginning of the first quarter, we were able to pick up our drilling in frac cores to sustain the production for this year, which did a couple of things.  One, it was good because as we head into inflationary period, we were able to gain activity and create that stability within our capital program. But what it does is it did create a bit of a lump that we have most of our wells online really starting late in the first quarter, and then you hit more steady state in the second and third quarter. And so as that projects into the end of the year and into 2023, you can tell from our first quarter guidance to total year, that we do have an increase of production.  But those type events as well as restoring activity, really from a cash investment perspective and EOR, adding low-decline production barrels, really gives us a much more sustainable production level across the cycle. And so I think we're restoring, as you said, a much more normal steady-state activity level and a much more robust or sustainable free cash flow capability. 
Richard Jackson: Yes. This is Richard again. I think you've got it right from the standpoint of really the LCV capital's certainly focused meaningfully on our direct air capture plant 1. So there is a project time line associated with that, where engineering is going great. The commercial aspects of the project continue to be supportive. And so there's a little bit of uncertainty there, but that component, we'll have more visibility and be able to talk more about even with you next month.  In addition to that, what's happened is really beyond strong engineering progress, we continue to have good commercial support, whether that's global policy recognition for carbon capture or even direct air capture in particular, or even with strategic net-zero businesses. And so these things support commerciality.  And so what's happened is we do see additional opportunities for direct air capture. For example, we had an opportunity in Canada to look at, with a developer, direct air capture with air-to-fuels. And so a bit of that money is, as these projects become more opportunistic, we would allocate some feasibility capital to be able to look at these other type projects.  The final piece is really our CCUS. And you've probably seen some pieces around projects that we're involved with. And so those continue moving beyond into commercial development. And so we have some capital associated to continue those. But that, again, be able to share more in March around that, but look forward to these projects advancing meaningfully this year. 
Richard Jackson: Maybe I'll start with the EOR just a little bit. As we think about the last couple of years, I'd say the opportunity in front of us really to address any decline that we've seen is really -- and this comes to our OpEx, when we talk about that, that's really restoration of maintenance and specifically downhole maintenance. And so the ability to allocate some of that cash investment to restore down production is some of the best cash investment we have. It's very high-return even at mid-cycle prices.  And so we expect to be able to -- and have added some well service rigs, to add up to 6,000 barrels a day by year-end. And that really restores the normal backlog and maintenance schedule that we had really going back to 2019. So that's the most meaningful change in terms of the EOR business that we're approaching this year. 
