Vicki Hollub: Yes, Doug, currently our program at today's prices will deliver about 15% to 20% rates of return and the reason for that is, we had an aggressive program, appraisal program in 2014, so we have - we're targeting in 2015 our best benches in our best areas. And we have had really good success recently with improving our completion design. So we expect the returns to be in the 15% to 20% range. And if you will refer back to the chart I included in the presentation in Q3, you will see that if you look at the areas where we're developing, I think I have some numbers there that generally would enable you to get to the net interest.
Vicki Hollub: We have high graded the portfolio but we expect to be able to at least at this pace go at least 3 to 5 years with the inventory that we have and if prices continue to improve with respect to the cost structure and I don't mean oil prices, oil prices, I mean if our cost structure continues to improve based on prices, we expect that inventory should increase. So we expect over time to be able to increase the inventory that we have today. But at today's pace, it would be about 3 to 5 years.
Vicki Hollub: It would really be the zones, the benches that are away from our current development areas. So for example we appraised the benches at South Curtis Ranch and several in the Barilla Draw area, so what we're really going to try to do now is focus on the development in those areas. And our appraisal program is so far ahead, we still know a lot about some of our other areas. We just wanted to get to manufacturing mode so that we can improve our cost efficiency. So we're still - we're pretty much way ahead with our appraisal program right now. The thing that we want to do next is to continue to improve on our completion efficiency.
Vicki Hollub: It is. We haven't changed our 2016 target yet, because we're still anticipating that. If prices were to go up, we would have the flexibility to add rigs. We may have to adjust that a little bit toward the end of this year if prices remain where they are, but one of the things we're encouraged is we certainly are seeing better performance particularly in the Barilla Draw area and particularly with the last well that I mentioned in the call today. We're seeing not only opportunities to improve our landing point within the benches but our completion efficiencies are improving and so we're really encouraged with what we're seeing there and what we're see from the Spraberry in the Midland basin.
Vicki Hollub: Currently, we're going to average also 29 rigs in Q1 and then toward the end of Q1, we start to ramp down and by Q3, the beginning of Q3 we will be at 15 rigs. And at 15 through the rest of the year.
Steve Chazen: Well of course, the countries are saying that the prices will quickly rebound once the evil shale producers stop producing. But I think until that happens, I think it's going to be slow. I mean obviously, the countries are affected by this. I mean they are actually affected more by the decline in oil prices than anybody really. So I suspect that it will be slow. I think Oman will move along all year. We just don't know what is going on in Abu Dhabi at this point.
Steve Chazen: Well for another year, it a little more complicated. The capital spending on the chemicals and the midstream stuff will fall out naturally, going into next year. So the capital would come down any anyway. We have only built in the cost savings that have sort of been achieved at this point. And there is at least another 250 million and maybe another $500 million in savings if - just from the suppliers, if prices continue to be low because we basically we provide index how much we're paying to the oil price. So I don't really know exactly what it would be, but I would guess it would be used - if it's 60, we're covering everything at the end of the year. There is some other stuff that would be reduced and it's probably a little lower than the 60 actually and so if you said okay, it is going to be $10 less, $10 less is a billion dollars. So we would have to reduce the capital by a billion dollars. Most of that we would get from suppliers, but there would be some things that would have to be cut.
Steve Chazen: Right now, people are cash flow challenged so I suspect selling Oxy is probably not real likely. But I looked at Chevron, it looks like they don’t have any free cash. So anyway, if you look at - we have 690 major acquisitions. It's way too early to be talking about acquisitions. I think there is still a lot of whistling in the grave yard going on. And way too early to consider any kind of acquisitions. Again, we generally are not interested in public acquisitions.
Steve Chazen: Well let's talk about what it is. We have already spent the money. So there is not really much capital going forward. There might be an expansion which is really cheap capital out a year or so, but putting that aside in a crappy oil price environment, probably generate about $300 million of free cash and sort of a decent run, about $600 million of free cash a year. So if you multiply it out by the 25 years that remain roughly, you multiply it, you get Sr. between $7.5 billion and it is $12.5 billion of cash generated over the 25 year period. So from our perspective, for a company that pays a lot of dividends and that sort of thing, having that sort of asset makes good sense to us. If on the other hand, for a variety of reasons, somebody wanted to buy 20%, 30% of it, to free up cash, for something that maybe works better, I guess we're open to that. But you know, only in a - if you just look at intrinsically, for somebody who pays a lot of dividends, you know, I think it's a pretty good asset over time.
Steve Chazen: I mean there's two issues always in foreign activities. One is the quality of the asset being offered. And I think if intrinsically they have some enhanced oil recovery assets on offer. The other part of it what's the financial arrangements. If you look at some of the other places, I won't say where, but look at some of the other places where intrinsically the asset might work at $20 a barrel or something like that, but if you lay the contract over it doesn't really work at today's prices. And I think that’s the issue in Mexico. While the asset may be attractive and you can get a lot of - if you had 100% of it would be something that would work pretty well, but they have taken a pretty aggressive view about the contract terms. I think they took the Chinese menu approach where they pick one from every column and everybody's contract. So I think they got a pretty difficult contract to want to do it and we're not doing it for advertising expense. I think we would rather frankly put the money into the CO2 projects in the United States where we have low royalties and in fact in some cases we owe the royalties than to fool around with some ridiculous contract in hopes it gets better over time.
Steve Chazen: I think the answer to your question is there's a lot of rigs around in the Permian and there's more available every day. So I don't think bringing rigs back is going to be a problem. I think the program has to be somewhat disciplined and so we will be cautious in adding rigs, because oil prices may rebound, may go back down again. I'm more concerned really about the demand issues in the world than I am how much the U.S. business is producing. But I think if you look at it and said - clearly, if we hit the $60, the program will be the way we’ve described it. As you get to $70 and maybe a little more aggressive and as you get north of $70, I think we would be somewhat more aggressive. But I really think that, if you look at - if you were able to see the layers, inside the company, we've got it all matrix, if we can actually figure what makes sense at whatever price you want and so our program going forward would reflect that expectation, but right now, our expectation is conservative, I would guess.
Steve Chazen: You got to be pretty certain about your returns before you outspend. No offense to any oil engineers, but they tend to be a little more optimistic than the actual outcome. And so the corporate management will be fairly conservative about things. So we need some margin of error. A lot of damage has being done in the business, I think people underestimate the amount of damage being done, when this cycle when this current down cycle is complete whether it's a year or two years, everybody's balance sheet is going to be not quite as good as when they started. We're starting at a good spot, but I think even the large companies will have more debt-laden balance sheets and not really much to show for it. So I think you just got to be pretty careful in this environment about what you are doing. No one really, even though the price may recover in the back half of the year, I'm still concerned about world demand for oil, although I'm heartened to see that in the United States at least the lower gasoline prices have created more people riding around in big cars. So we're doing all right. We're rides around the corner.
Steve Chazen: It was early in the quarter, probably a little early in the acquisition I think, the acquisition cycle. We got we think a price that works in this environment. It's good acreage. And we picked up a modest amount of production. So the goal of the acquisition program in the Permian is to add to our current position, so we can drill more efficiently and it's not really to get more acreage. We have got plenty of acres. I mean the question really is can we fill in our play, what we currently own and allow us to drill more efficiently without moving the rigs so much. So this sort of acquisition was designed with that intent that we could - that would allow us to be more efficient. Without efficiency gains, I think acquisitions are not very interesting.
Steve Chazen: Well, you know, I think if I look at U.S. oil production, it will probably increase in the first and second quarter and maybe the rate of increase in the third quarter will fall off and maybe it will be some decline in the fourth quarter. You know, the main consumer of oil today is China. Any recovery in Europe would be helpful, but it's not a driver and so it's China and maybe India. Also the Middle East has been a large consumer of oil recently and the current environment is - it's just hard to say whether that growth will continue or not. And I think the world economy, I think, that’s the big question mark going forward. If we get demand growth, lower oil prices stimulate demand, this current situation will be over fairly quickly. If we don't, this could drag on quite a while.
Steve Chazen: It's basically the contractual position we have. We have contracted for some rigs that basically come off at mid-year. And by the time you drill - I mean think about the timing. Let's say you actually drill a well in the first quarter. It's the third quarter before it actually produces, you know, you actually get the revenue, so the stuff in the first quarter will basically be a third and fourth quarter production for us. But I think we have some contracts that need to roll off and that's really controlling the timing more than anything right now.
Steve Chazen: It's always inefficient - if just always stop in the middle it's always going to be a problem. It's got to be a phase-down, but it's contractual and a notion that may be there will be some recovery in the back half of the year and you need to drill the wells sort in this first and second quarter to have production in the back half of the year. We're pretty cautious about the whole thing. You just can't send things to zero, it's just an impractical thing to do right now. We're doing the best we can to manage through it and I think we will be all right.
Steve Chazen: We will start with - I wouldn't get wrapped around the axle on this restricted cash stuff. Cash is reasonably fungible and all we’re doing is showing you the account paying down. It's not really - rather than keep more restricted, we just say the dividend comes out of that bank account. So it has to come from somewhere. We don't really know about the pace. We're price sensitive. You know, I point out that really the domestic program last year had an F&D, if you cut through all of the BS of $13, $14 and we expect to bring that down some more. So we're running a pretty profitable program. Maybe not at $25 oil but certainly in the 50s. So as far as the pace of the share repurchase, the stocks are volatile and when there is negative volatility, I guess volatility is always used negatively, but nobody ever talks about upside volatility, but down side volatility which I'm sure will come at some point in this, that's almost a step up and buy a lot of shares rather than just treat it as a constant flow. So I don't really know. We set aside a fair amount of money for that this year, but if prices are more attractive, we will spend more. I don't really have a budget in the usual sense of the word.
Steve Chazen: It would be all Permian. The MidCon is, well, putting aside South Dakota, is basically gas. So the Brent price is sort of irrelevant. And it really can't compete for dollars for quite a while against the Permian. North Dakota has this huge differential to price right now. So that's really what's discouraging us up there. So I think you should plan that in the $60 environment or $65 environment, whatever you are thinking that we would spend more in the Permian. The savings, $250 million, we could add about 3 rigs on an annual basis to cover that. So it was running about 100 million a year or so, it would probably run a little less now. So that is a way to think about how much more we would do. But we got a fair inventory and as prices move up, the inventory obviously expands.
Steve Chazen: We don't know about opportunities because some people may have debt and they probably don't want to sell it for less than their debt. We just don't have any way of pacing that at this point. We don't really know. If we found more in the Barilla Draw, that would be really interesting and there is acreage around there that’s held by others. And some a little bit in the Midland basin, but that is what we have. I don't know whether it's 300,000 acres or 200,000, it's not millions of acres.
Steve Chazen: We have never - I think I used stock once in the last 20 years and regretted it ever since. So maybe I have been doing this too long. So too good of a memory about bad outcomes. If you are going to use your stock, you really have to make sure that whatever you are doing is significantly accretive. Cash, at least cash, you are you only paying 3% or whatever it is interest, but if you're using stock, we're paying almost 4% in dividends by putting even putting that aside, we don't want to dilute the quality of your portfolio with some whacky deal. And so if you are going to gamble on wackiness, you probably ought to gamble with cash rather than stock.
Steve Chazen: It's a Midland basin acquisition. And there is a - I mean just a matter of price. When you talk about locations, you also got to factor in price. I think going in, I thought it was about 2700 locations.
Steve Chazen: It is economics principally. There is some non-HBP. We will probably use a vertical rig there to keep some of the acreage.
