Stephen Chazen: Thank you, Jim. As we look ahead to the back half of the year, our average oil price is about $95 WTI. We expect the back half of the year in Oil and Gas production to be as follows: Domestic volumes are expect to increase by 3,000 to 4,000 BOE per day for each month compared to the previous month. This should result in average third quarter production of about 430,000 to 432,000 BOE a day; Latin America volume should remain comparable to the second quarter.  The Middle East region production is expected as follows: Consistent with the second quarter we expect no production for Libya; in Iraq, we are still unable to reliably predict spending levels, which have related impact in cost recovery barrels; in Oman, production is expected to grow from our current gross production of 210,000 BOE a day to a year-end exit rate of 230,000 BOE a day, which should result in about a net of 2,000 BOE per day for quarter growth; in Qatar, we expect to gradually regain the production rate lost due to planned maintenance and mechanical issues resulting in about 3,000 BOE per day growth rate each quarter in the second half of the year compared to the second quarter average; in Dolphin and Bahrain, production is expected to be similar to second quarter levels; In Yemen, forecasting production volumes remains difficult, although currently Oxy operated production has been partially restored. We expect the range to be between 23,000 and 27,000 BOE a day. We expect the lifting in Iraq in the third quarter of about 600,000 barrels of oil. Including this lifting, we expect sales volume to be about 725,000 BOE a day at $95 West Texas Intermediate. A $5 increase in West Texas Intermediate would reduce our production sharing contract daily volumes by about 3,500 BOE a day. Our total year capital expenditures remains at $6.8 billion, same as the guidance we gave you last quarter. With regard to prices, at current market prices, a $1 per barrel change in oil prices impacts quarterly earnings before income taxes by about $37 million. Second, the average second quarter WTI oil price is $102.56 per barrel. A $1 per barrel change in NGL prices impacts quarterly earnings before income taxes by $7 million. A swing of $0.50 per million BTUs in domestic gas prices has a $34 million impact on quarterly earnings before income taxes. The current NYMEX gas price is around $4.40 per MCF. Additionally, we expect exploration expense to be about $80 million for seismic and drilling for our exploration programs in the third quarter.  The Chemical segment earnings is expected to moderate to about $225 million, mostly due to seasonal factors. The third quarter segment -- Chemical segment earnings are expected to reflect continued strong export demand and overall good supply and demand balances across most products, offset by some seasonal factors and turnarounds. Historically, the fourth quarter is typically the weakest quarter and generally earnings are about half of that in the third quarter. We expect our combined worldwide tax rate in the third quarter of 2011 to remain in about 38%. As far as our activity is concerned, in California we expect our current drilling programs to result in more predictable production growth going forward. The status of permitting is generally unchanged from the prior quarter. We've obtained enough permits to allow us to prosecute the program at the current pace until year end. However, there remains some uncertainty around future permits, particularly related to injection wells. Our overall rig count in the United States has gone from 38 at the end of 2010 to our current rate of 59. This is expected to grow to 74 at the end of the year. This will represent a 25% growth in our total rig count's current levels. The growth will be in the Permian, the Williston Basin and South Texas. This program leads to continued growth of production into next year. I think we're ready to take your questions now.
Stephen Chazen: We don't report that way. And so what you have to do is use the average because that's the way it will be reported. So if you take the average, which is the 424 number, and so if you say, okay, that was the average so it will be average to average when you do the -- numbers actually come out. So if it's -- it will be up 3,000, up 6,000, up 9,000. If it's 3, then you average that out, you wind up with 6,000 of growth for the average for the quarter. Because if you start at the end of the quarter, you don't actually see the exit rate for the quarter.
Stephen Chazen: Well, we risk these numbers. So the number that we use might be, is a risk number as opposed to the maximum number that could come out or the worst number. So probably misleading to say exactly where. Clear that there is going to be, the bulk of it, the overwhelming majority will come out of California. And there'll be some growth in the Williston, the Williston is small anyway, and some in the Permian. So I think if you look at the third quarter, you'll see the bulk of the growth out of California with smaller amounts out of the rest as you go into the fourth quarter. Because of the ramp up in drilling in the Permian, you'll see a little more growth in the Permian, but continued pretty strong growth in California as the wells come on. And that's sort of what it looks like. But to actually give you how we figured it out, I'd have to start with our risk numbers and I don't want to give those kinds of numbers out.
Stephen Chazen: At some point, we will. I don't think we're up against it now. Where it will affect more than anything is actually THUMS. More than it will kill [ph] of the other places is probably enough for a while. But THUMS, they've got some -- that's really water injection for their process. So I think you're going to -- that's probably where you'll see it, but the numbers are real small for this year. Certainly within the noise of the rest of the numbers.
Stephen Chazen: Well, I don't know how much more there is in California. I probably don't want to buy land underneath the building here with the drill. So I think California will probably -- probably not much. Permian, we continue to buy some small partials of acreage for Wolfberry drilling primarily. And then the Williston, there's a lot of acreage for sale. If we were open 7 days a week, there'd be 7 guys here that sell us acreage. So a lot in the Williston and we're pretty picky about what we do. So there may be a small amount of acreage acquisition there. I don't see a large deal flow in the back half of the year, although I think I said that last year at this time, was shown to be completely wrong.
Stephen Chazen: The California one depends on the permitting. I mean, if we had better -- more visibility in the permitting, we'd lay more rigs on to the back half, the fourth quarter. Right now, this is the visibility we have and that's why it's showing the way it is. Once we get more visibility, we'd probably raise the count.
Stephen Chazen: Yes. But I mean, yes, your exit rate and so it would -- you got to get the rigs on before you get the end of 2012. So we'd start contracting for the rigs. So you'd see a higher exit rate. But right now, this is all the visibility we really have. We're looking at the Permian and I'm trying to figure out what the right level is. But more likely, than not it [ph] will go up so more, and maybe even sizably more depending on how we can figure it out. I think South Texas is about the same and there'll be some growth in the Williston, but I think a high probability of the Permian. And if we can get the permitting issues worked out in the next 6 months, you'll see significantly higher rig counts in California. Right now, I can't -- I just don't have a basis to raise that rig count in California. What we're doing now will generate a fare amount of production growth. So I'm not really concerned that this is going to be bad, but we could do some more. But right now, I just can't. I don't have enough confidence in the permitting process.
Stephen Chazen: Somewhere in that. We gave you the 3,000 to 4,000, so some of that will be California and maybe in some quarters all of it. So it's just hard to say exactly what it is again, I use risk the numbers so...
Stephen Chazen: At least back because I think the domestic businesses, you're going to be surprised but I could be wrong. But I think the 3,000 to 4,000 a month for the domestic business is pretty solid for a while. And maybe we could do a little better, but I think that's a good risk number for us.
Stephen Chazen: Well, we break it out because that's the most volatile and we have a hard time predicting it. I think the way to think about it is that the volatility and price volatility, oil price volatility, and wide differentials between, say, pushing and world prices generates generally higher numbers. It might generate lower numbers too, but it reduces the predictability a lot. So if I were to look at it and I'd say what's the average, I'd average the first and second quarter to get sort of an average number.
Stephen Chazen: I can't remember any more, but that the -- he was ahead for the year at midyear. So he had a spinoff depending on how you view modest, a modest loss in the second quarter. But for the year, he's ahead and he's well ahead now. But again, I think I've told you this before, no sense in watching it. It's like an NBA game. You may as well turn in the -- tune in the last 30 seconds and forget the rest.
Stephen Chazen: I don't think we said for production in Iraq. The field is doing fine. The field is doing fine. The gross is really doing fine. Our nets may be 6,000-ish, but it really depends on the investment which has slowed up considerably. So I don't really know. We do have a sale, we know of 600,000 barrels this month. So we'll have some actual sales this month.
Stephen Chazen: I don't know how to do it because it reacts so quickly to the spending. Because if we spent more, production would go up immediately. So I just don't know.
Stephen Chazen: There's a lot of issues, I think, with the operator and that sort of thing, getting permits approved, or not permits, but contracts approved.
Stephen Chazen: I don't really know we could go into that. I don't know how helpful it is. We put a number of them in for large areas, a fair, a sizable number. And we just don't know what the process is. It's not exactly transparent.
Stephen Chazen: Yes, let's say we just spud a well today, doesn't make a difference where. We spud a well today. It will have a small effect on the production in the fourth quarter because it takes, say, 90 days or so. You hook it up and then you get a partial quarter. So what you're seeing is a wedge or the stuff pushing into next year. So our exit rate going into next year ought to be fairly attractive with a pretty high backlog of production. So it just takes -- you just lose sight of how long it takes from today, which has been the drill today to when you actually get a meaningful measurement of production. So I think we're on good track now and I think we'll have an attractive exit rate in the United States as the year ends.
Stephen Chazen: We're not trying to solve the industry's problems in this. We're just trying to solve ours. And so I just as soon not comment on our strategies, but to point out that for example, California, basically gets world prices.
Stephen Chazen: We're engaged with the state, I just as soon not go into our state relations. I think we're making some -- we're making physical progress where we can and I think the state -- eventually, I think the state will come around. It just, it takes longer, that's all.
Stephen Chazen: I don't think we're -- I'm not willing to give you a forecast because, again, the forecast, the overall forecast I give you is a risk number and the bottoms up numbers are essentially sort of unrisk. But I think Bill can give you some numbers on where we are.
Stephen Chazen: I think we're not into the forecasting of that again because I think you'll be mixing a risk and unrisk numbers on the totals.
Stephen Chazen: Very little because it didn't -- it closed in pieces during the quarter, so it was a really a small number.
Stephen Chazen: I think as we look at this if we went back to what we said roughly a year ago or a little more than a year, I think we're a little more optimistic on the verticals and a little more pessimistic on the horizontals.
Stephen Chazen: Because of the way it was computed, there are no particular easy way to tell. I would guess the bulk of it 75%, 80% would be oil.
Stephen Chazen: Oil, meaning real oil. NGLs is an oil just so we're clear what we're talking about. NGLs are something between Oil and Gas.
Stephen Chazen: No, I think it will probably grow. Sometimes when you -- especially in California, you drill it -- sometimes, it's a little misleading because if you drill a shale well, you might take it down to the deeper zone, slightly deeper zone, and the slightly deeper zone tends to be gassy. And you may not have drilled the well for that purpose. But all of a sudden, you got some gas. And so our ability, and so as we take what was designed as a shale well down a little bit further, you can wind up with a gas zone and so you get a little more volatility in the number, which is not a bad thing, by the way. But so you're predicting the stuff. You might get lucky and find the big gas zone, so our gas might go up sort of by serendipity.
Stephen Chazen: Yes, there's a whole bunch of non-operated activity also, especially in the Permian, the Permian really. So we don't have any way of sort of predicting that.
Stephen Chazen: We got a very large number of workover rigs, so they would just obscure the numbers if we include the workover rigs.
Stephen Chazen: We have [indiscernible] with supplier about half of our own CO2 and we have ways to increase that. So the fact that some smaller operator has a problem getting CO2 doesn't surprise us the market is fairly snug. It's a very profitable business. We allocated and sort of we have a 5-year plan for putting CO2 in the ground and we just go ahead and do it. It's a very profitable business to see. We spend all the capital, really.
Stephen Chazen: It's a one-off thing. I don't think we're interested in more heavy oil. This was a pretty good opportunity. It was an undrilled field and 5 years from now it will be a pretty good result for us.
Stephen Chazen: We always look for opportunities internationally, but in places we understand of course. So I don't think we'll be drilling much in the Arctic or anything like that. So we're looking for places we understand and where we can make substantial returns. You don't want to go to international just to produce empty barrels.
Stephen Chazen: We're always figuring out what we want to do, I think. I think we always are looking to expand and figure out new opportunities. There's different plays that are around that we haven't talked about publicly. So we're always looking for different things to do, trying to figure out where to build the next gas plant. There are a lot of things we do and so we're trying to figure out what the program will be over the next decade. So that requires a certain amount of, it's not high-risk exploration but significant step-out activity just to figure out where we're going.
Stephen Chazen: Cash use has always been the same. I think I have the same slide for the last 15 years. Number one use is maintenance capital, second use is dividends, third use is growth capital, the fourth is acquisitions and the share repurchases are last.
Stephen Chazen: It was more conventional. A year ago, we were probably even 50-50 and then we shifted because we said we were going to do that.
Stephen Chazen: No. I think a good case at Yemen. We think that there's a reasonable chance that the -- first of all, half the production isn't really covered by that. It's other fields that have longer contracts. And it looks to us that there's at least a reasonable chance that the government will always allow Nexen to continue to operate in Masila field while it figures out what it's going to do. So I think there's a reasonable chance the stuff in Yemen will continue for a while at the full rate. No guarantees of that obviously, but about half of the production is unrelated to that and has been pretty much unaffected by this.
Stephen Chazen: We don't know. I think right now there's really nobody to negotiate with. I assume that what will happen is that they'll just let it go for a while until there's a clarity in the government there.
Stephen Chazen: No, not really. I mean, we tire kick a lot of stuff so we understand what's going on. But I don't see any, and certainly not this year.
Stephen Chazen: You just have to come to conclusion that, that actually creates value rather than just some sort of something to entertain investment bankers. So we never say never, but I think right now there's a lot of synergies between them. Very difficult for the international business to have anything less than a single A credit rating to get new contracts. And so it's just improbable if that would create new value to split them off that way.
Stephen Chazen: That's an average rather than sort of the outcome. If they look at it, that's what they're sort of doing because when you produce the oil, you get a fair amount of gas with it. The wells are oil wells. They just have -- they have associated gas. It's just hard -- most of the growth is oil, but I think you asked about really a -- the answer to a very narrow range of wells.
Stephen Chazen: Those wells are basically oil wells with less gas. Nothing wrong with the gas, I mean you get $4 and they have high rates and so you get your money back pretty quick. But we think most of the growth for this year will be oil because we're trying to bias it that way. Although occasionally, we have this issue with you drill a little bit deeper and you wind up in a gas zone.
Stephen Chazen: I think it was less. I think it's less than that. We're the largest gas producer in the state and that's an old field, been around a long time, it's in different part of the state. And I think we could probably market a little different than maybe the predecessor.
Stephen Chazen: It's a long-term problem for us rather than a short-term problem. The only place it affects us in the sort of intermediate term is a little bit under 1,000 barrels a day at THUMS, but other than the rest of it. Ultimately you need to dispose of the water, so it's hard to produce oil without producing saltwater. So we're going to have to ultimately have more injection wells and so it's an issue. But it's more an issue for people in steam-like business, which for some large players out here in California that have I think a much bigger issue than we do.
Stephen Chazen: At $100 oil, which is the WTI price, you could drive a truck through the margins on a cash basis or a reported basis or whatever. Historically, $100 is a pretty decent price. And so the fact that somebody says, well, maybe it should be on some basis of $106. Yes, it's true but this is still $100. Given a very oily portfolio in the Permian, I mean, this is enormously profitable. I mean, you should get -- I mean just say -- well, you should get some more, I don't know if we should get some more now, but I don't know about a year from now. So I think we'll take the money and run.
Stephen Chazen: We're not hedgers, we don't know. The Phibro guys are bullish on oil forever, so I guess we're not hedgers in that sense.
Stephen Chazen: The reason we keep sort of a debt-free balance sheet is so we don't have to protect our downside, so we don't have to buy basically insurance for downside. We're not good speculators on product prices.
Stephen Chazen: Closer to 90%, but we may occasionally -- you should understand that sometimes you drill a little deeper and you wind up with a pretty gassy well.
Stephen Chazen: I think what he was trying to say is as opposed to just the IP rate like the Haynesville well, which is sort of one day or something, what he's trying to say is it takes them a week or so to clean up the well. It stays at this 370 for a month or so and then the decline will begin.
Paul Sankey: Steve, can we just go back to the new disclosure on the rig count? What's the outlook beyond 2011 for those various counts? Do you think...
Paul Sankey: Understood. If we look at the year-over-year, you're flat looking backwards, obviously over 2010 to 2011 for Q2-to-Q2.
Paul Sankey: Thanks, Steve. If I could ask you about Phibro, the training administering business, this looked like a good number and we've been expecting a headwind from Phibro.
Paul Sankey: Okay, so Phibro wasn't that negative and what I'm thinking about is whether the run rate of your Midstream business is just structurally higher now as a function of Permian activity and piping and whether we should think rolling forward of a higher through the cycle or even growing, I guess, Midstream profitability.
Douglas Leggate: Steve, at the beginning of the year, you suggest that you may get 107 shale wells drilled this year, what's the way to...
Douglas Leggate: Got it. All right, the final couple for me, again related to the same thing. Steve, the status of the gas plant, please, I believe, after the maintenance in Q1, I guess, we should have been expecting some recovery there. And finally the Rosetta acquisition, how much of that was included in Q2? And I guess...
Douglas Leggate: So how would I think about that in terms of let's say a month, underlying 30-day average, is that a good number or...
Douglas Leggate: All right, great. And the final one is previously $3 million of well was kind of the number to drill, complete and hooked up, I guess, that you've given us. Can you just talk a little bit about what's happening to service cost in the state and what about -- those results were still a good run rate that we should be thinking about in terms of the CapEx, and I'll leave it at that.
William Albrecht: I think right now we're looking at somewhere between 150 and 175 shale wells to be drilled in California for the year.
William Albrecht: Doug, right now in terms of current shale production in California, we're running about 45,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day.
William Albrecht: Yes, that we're targeting April of 2012 and actually we're currently running a little bit ahead of schedule on that.
William Albrecht: Jason, right now of the 29 rigs we have running in California, fully 20 of those are drilling unconventional plays or horizons. And of that 20, roughly 4 to 5 are in the process of de-risking additional acreage.
William Albrecht: I'd say, probably 70% or so is going to be devoted to that delta. That incremental rig count is going to be devoted to the Delaware Basin as opposed to the Midland Basin.
William Albrecht: It's actually longer than that. It's generally -- what a stabilize rate would be over, say, a week's time because these wells have to clean up before they stabilize. So it's really over a week or even longer period of time.
William Albrecht: David, most of them are vertical wells in terms of the unconventional wells. Nearly all are drilling vertical wells as opposed to horizontal, just speaking to the unconventional.
William Albrecht: Doug, just to clarify really, when I was talking about 7 days, I was talking about time for the wells to clean up. That 370 BOE a day number really is a 30-day stabilized IP number. That's an average.
William Albrecht: Doug, I think $3.5 million to $4 million is really a good range drill, complete and hooked up to sales. We are seeing some inflation on pressure pumping obviously just as the whole industry is. But that's still a pretty good number, $3.5 million to $4 million.
Sven Del Pozzo: Okay. How did your operations team deal with the flooding in North Dakota? I mean, you're farther away from the river. So I'd assume there is less flooding where you guys are, but I'm not sure.
Sven Del Pozzo: Yes, I might be wrong. Let me see. Forget about that one. In the Permian, Apache was mentioning the application to modern drilling and completion techniques, horizontal application to their CO2 flood and also water floods. I'm assuming whether you guys see a similar upside.
Sven Del Pozzo: Sorry, Just returning to the NGL question from our view. In fact if things go up, just wondering are you -- is that part of the South Texas acquisition, is that rich gas, is that why -- I'm looking at the end, the domestic NGL production looks like...
