Vicki A. Hollub: Thank you, Richard, and good morning, everyone. Our first quarter key highlights demonstrate the significant progress we made to increase the value of our business while delivering free cash flow and value-based growth. Our low oil price Breakeven Plan will be achieved in the third quarter, six months ahead of our original estimate. This accelerated schedule has been driven in part by better than expected performance from Permian Resources, which added 18,000 BOE per day this quarter, and is currently on a trajectory to deliver a 47% year-over-year growth rate. This will be accomplished with only 11 operated rigs. We're truly doing more with less, as we demonstrated by our increased guidance in all business segments. It is important to note that our Breakeven Plan not only provides us with the ability to continue value growth in a low price environment, it delivers significant upside in a higher oil price environment. Slide 8 illustrates how leveraged our Permian EOR business is to higher oil prices. EOR will generate significant incremental cash flow in the prevailing environment. Similarly, Chemicals and Midstream have been positioned for long-term value creation and are capitalizing on today's pricing and marketing spreads to generate substantial improvements in free cash flow versus our Breakeven Plan. We have increased our full-year guidance for these two businesses, and they're actually capable of generating over $2 billion of annual free cash flow. As we did last year, we will continue to focus on enhancing our portfolio, increasing the value of our assets, and using technology to drive superior operational performance. On slide 5, I'd like to point out a few important Permian Resources achievements during the first quarter. First, we continued to bring wells online at basin-leading rates in Greater Sand Dunes, with an average 30-day IP of 31 BOE per day. We also increased new well performance by nearly 50% in our current Barilla Draw development area. Third, to support our growth in the region, we brought online our logistics and supply hub, Project Aventine. We have already started to see the benefits of our differentiated approach in well cost improvement and reliability of well site resources. Turning to slide 6, our value proposition has not changed; it is enhanced. The achievement of our Breakeven Plan strengthens our ability to provide a meaningful dividend with growth while maintaining a strong balance sheet, and will allow us to resume opportunistic share repurchases. The part of our value proposition that we have significantly enhanced is our ability to exceed our oil and gas production growth targets with industry-leading returns. The quality of our assets and the depth of our development inventory will enable us to deliver higher returns and higher growth rates within our cash flow from operations. We believe our meaningful dividend with a production growth rate greater than 8% is a unique value proposition within our industry. My last slide, 7, illustrates the differentiated approach OXY takes in developing our assets. Across our businesses, we are focused on long-term value creation through exceptional technical work, life cycle planning, project execution, and operations focused on maximizing margins. In our Oil and Gas segment, our goal is to get the most oil out of our rock in the fastest time, at the lowest cost, and to sell at the highest price. This means we start by understanding the potential of the reservoir through enhanced subsurface characterization. This is not only critical to producing the best wells under primary development, but also under future EOR applications. To ensure the best time-to-market and service costs, we have developed operational capability and technology, created strategic logistic networks and relationships, and built key infrastructure, including our Ingleside oil terminal to access world refining markets. As a result, we believe we are the best-positioned company in the Permian to execute on the value-added growth strategy. The benefits of our strategy are yielding significant productivity improvements, increased capital efficiency, and better product price realizations. We expect our differentiated approach to result in peer-leading value creation. I'll now turn the call over to Cedric to review our progress towards the Breakeven Plan and our financial results.
Vicki A. Hollub: Thank you, Jody. I'd like to close by congratulating two members of our team on role changes. Richard Jackson will be moving into Jody's team to lead our operations support groups. Richard has been an incredible asset for the Investor Relations team and will continue to be actively involved with our IR activity. He has done an incredible job to change our communication and sharing our story with our investors and shareholders. Replacing Richard as VP of Investor Relations is Jeff Alvarez. Jeff most recently led the Permian Resources Texas/Delaware business unit as President and General Manager. Jeff's extensive international and domestic experience has prepared him to be our investment community spokesperson. Richard and Jeff have a long working history together and will be transitioning over the next few months. We'll now open it up for questions.
Vicki A. Hollub: It's important to note that historically, we've always had a very active share buyback program. And as Cedric mentioned, from 2005 to 2015, we had bought back about $9 billion in shares. That's while we were paying a dividend over that time period of about $17 billion. That dividend that we paid over that time period had a CAGR of almost 14%. So even though we pay a healthy dividend, share buybacks are a part of our cash flow priorities. And in fact, in our last presentation on slide 6 for the last quarter, we had listed that share buybacks would be a possibility in an environment above $60. The reason we haven't talked about it here recently is the fact that we wanted to get a line of sight to see whether or not prices were going to remain that healthy, and we also wanted to get closer to our Breakeven Plan to resume our buyback program. As for the amount, as Cedric said, we have quite a volume of share repurchases that were authorized by the board for us to make. We'll begin those this year, but it really depends on the market conditions, pricing, and other opportunities.
Vicki A. Hollub: Yeah, I'll let Jody cover a little bit more of the lumpiness of the Resources business and what we had expected to see in the beginning of the year. But when we laid out our program, we intentionally designed it so that toward the end of the year we would have the flexibility to ramp down, and that's built into the capital program for 2018. What we wanted to do is to have the flexibility to ramp down to our $3.3 billion capital in 2019 if we were seeing a $50 environment, which is what we had talked about. Since we're not sure what pricing will do in 2019 and we want to stay within cash flow with our capital programs in the future, we haven't set that yet. So what you're seeing is an upfront-loaded 2018 capital. With respect to how the wells fit into that, I'll let Jody talk about that.
Vicki A. Hollub: At this point, we haven't made any decisions regarding that. But what I will assure you is that we have flexibility. We have a vast inventory of not only things to do in the Permian but internationally. Our opportunities are pretty much unlimited at this point with respect to what we're seeing. But for the program this year, we haven't made any decision yet to increase our capital. What we would consider doing at the most probably would be to sustain the activity level we have at this point, but we haven't made that decision yet. We'll see how things look over the next few months.
Vicki A. Hollub: I think what the portfolio can support and what's appropriate and prudent to do are maybe two different things. Our portfolio would support significant growth rates. But we believe that a growth rate certainly above 8% is where we can be very efficiently and effective, and we think that that's the growth rate that would be appropriate for our dividend level and for the other cash flow priorities we have, as we mentioned earlier, buybacks. I'm not sure where that ultimate number would be. It really depends on how efficient we get and what types of projects come up. But certainly, one of the things we always want to do is stay within cash flow, so it will be somewhat driven by prices.
Vicki A. Hollub: That's right, because currently, we've averaged 5% to 8% over the years. We now have the capability to go well above that. And how far above that we go, to say it more clearly, is going to be dependent on prices and cash available.
Vicki A. Hollub: So for 2018, if we increased our capital, it would be not beyond the program we currently have planned for international. Any increase in capital this year would be to just sustain the Permian Resources business. We do have some capital allocated to our international assets to do some appraisal work and evaluations for a little more aggressive program internationally in 2019, if prices permit, but that's probably what you're talking about is just the work to set up those programs for 2019.
Vicki A. Hollub: I would say, Bob, up to this point this quarter, we're seeing an average of just a little more than $8. So while it might seem like we're being conservative, it's really based on some information, and some of the spikes we're seeing go well above that, but we're not sure we'll see that. But with respect to your question, I'll pass that to Cedric.
Vicki A. Hollub: No, it's still the same. We will look for opportunities, and the opportunities have to be compelling enough to execute on. But we're still continuing to look at ways to monetize those things that are noncore to us.
Vicki A. Hollub: We stay aware of all the activity in the area, and we're just keeping a watchful eye to determine at what point. We believe at some point that could be an opportunity for us, but we don't see that now. We're really focused more on expanding the oil export part of that. However, we're going to stay opportunistic with respect to how those pipelines play out and what opportunities might come our way.
Vicki A. Hollub: No, that's still the same. It never really impacted our business very much, and I think Qatar in general has made a lot of changes to the way the country now manages that. And so we don't expect, didn't see any, and don't expect to see any problems with any of our operations.
Vicki A. Hollub: And the other thing I'd add, Roger, about EOR is that we put the slide in there to show you it's leveraged to oil. And the reason for that is that it's about 80% liquids. And so on a BOE basis, we have a higher liquid – higher oil production from EOR on a BOE basis. So that's why it's that margin for – even though OpEx will go up a little bit, we really benefit from higher oil prices in the EOR business.
Vicki A. Hollub: I'd like to leave you with three takeaways today. First, we are ahead of schedule for achieving our Breakeven Plan. Second, our first quarter outperformance and improving business results have led us to increase our full-year guidance. Finally, we will reinvest excess cash flow in our highest-return opportunities. And to close, I'd like to thank all of our employees because they are the true drivers of our success. Thank you for joining our call today.
Joseph C. Elliott: Brian, this is Jody. Good morning. We tend to take a cautious approach to updating our type curves and projections on new wells. So as we get data beyond the 24-hour IP, beyond the 30-day IP, we really want to start seeing consistency in the 6-month cumes or even the 1-year cumes we start moving up our type curves. So some of that is baked into this forward guidance. The wells online count, we're confident about that, given all the investment in Aventine and the logistics work and the improvements in our execution. The variability in those numbers is really just the fact that a lot of these land right at the end of the quarter, and so a few wells moving in or a few wells moving out changes your count, but it doesn't appreciably change your production forecast.
Joseph C. Elliott: Yeah, Guy, thanks for the question. This all really starts with subsurface characterization. It's what we've been talking about over the last year of improvements on geomechanics and geochemistry and integrating our seismic and advancing our petrophysical modeling to better understand what we call flow units, and then how those flow units will behave with a stimulation. That leads to then a better stimulation design that's customized for basically each well. But from that customization comes efficiency gains built around standardization. So all of the execution with leveraging Aventine, with how we execute in the field, delivery of sand, the commercial arrangements that support that then turn something that's very customized into something that's very manufacturing-oriented. So the combination of those things is really what's driving what we believe is play-leading capital efficiency. The other piece in the middle that I want to highlight is what the team does in the area of field development planning. So they take all of those attributes and then optimize what's the best way to develop the field or the different flow units. Do we do them concurrently? Do we do them individually? How do you pace the rigs, how many rigs, how many frac cores? And there's many, many iterations on trying to optimize that, and the ultimate goal is maximum value per section. And so our teams have gotten very, very good at that, but they also retain flexibility in those field development plans, so as we have new learnings, we have surprises, both positive and negative, we can adjust those plans accordingly. So we really are hitting on all cylinders from subsurface through execution at the wellhead.
Joseph C. Elliott: Yeah, when you think about the plan for this year, the front end is considerably loaded with more facility activity. In fact, in the second quarter, we'll be commissioning two large facilities in New Mexico. And so as you move through the year, even though some of the well count is going up on the completion side, you're offsetting that with less facility spending. The wells are also the place where all of these efficiencies, the benefits of Aventine which are just starting and which will grow over the year, start coming into play.
Joseph C. Elliott: Leo, this is Jody. Thanks for the question. I think we've stated $500,000 to $750,000 a well impact when we're up and running. But the concept of Aventine actually wasn't just well cost focus. It was also securing supply. And so we're really getting multiple benefits out of Aventine. Clearly, we think we will drive costs down. We have already shown that securing supply during this tight period has been very, very helpful, not just in New Mexico, but supporting contingency sand deliveries in Texas as well. The other part that really starts growing over time are the efficiencies that are gained because we've got all of our strategic partners in place that we can start whittling out all of the inefficiencies, the wasted motion, which does two things. It lowers our well cost and shortens time to market. But for our partners, it drives up their utilization. So their profit per frac core, per rig crew, per flowback unit, all of those things go up because we're more efficient than the industry average. And so the result of that is less pressure on price increase because they're driving higher margins. That's how we look at it. The number we've talked about is $500,000 to $750,000 a well. We think there's upside as the teams mature, not just in the physical assets but how we work the process.
Joseph C. Elliott: Matt, we sure do, but in a different scale. Actually, the one in the southern Delaware Basin is called Palatine, and it's more of a contractual relationship on sand trans-load. Midland Basin, there's more access to infrastructure, and so you could service Midland out of either Palatine or direct from some of the regional sand mines that are coming online. It's a little less exposed, plus our activity set is considerably lower in Midland. So we're really focusing on the Delaware Basin to ensure we have logistics, maintenance capabilities, those kind of things that are more regional to the activity to take out trucks, to take out inefficiency and downtime.
Joseph C. Elliott: Yeah, Roger, no. The first question on acreage trades, no, there's still a lot of activity there. Last year we did about 17,000 net acres in trades, and in the first quarter we've done 11,000. So there's still a desire to core up, be able to drill longer laterals, leverage your larger positions. With regard to EOR OpEx, it's primarily two things. It's energy, so as the cost of electricity goes up, you have some exposure to energy. And then some of the CO2 contracts have an oil price relationship. We can follow up with you later on trying to help model that a little closer. But the things we control with well work and activity, that's all managed pretty well and not so exposed to inflation. Our improvement activities typically offset any inflation.
Joseph C. Elliott: Yes, that's our view. If you look at the alternatives, rail would be great, but it's got an $8 a barrel range, but that's limited today to around 100,000 to 150,000 barrels a day in terms of rail capacity. I think there will be efforts to try to increase that, but it's difficult to do. And then trucking – by the way, slide 63 lays this out pretty well for you. And then trucking, again, it's a higher cost with around $12 or so a barrel. So those would be some upper limits you might think about. However, with trucking, we've all seen bottlenecks there. The roads are crowded and in disarray, and getting trucks and getting truck drivers even is a difficult thing to do. So as we've said, the outlook for spreads is difficult to predict. It's going to be bouncy for a while as all of the takeaway systems are being stretched to their limits.
Joseph C. Elliott: Michael, this is Jody. You've got to recall, we have 2.5 times our equity oil production volume that we can move on pipe. So for us, we wouldn't likely consider that as an option. We really see this more as an operational facility to support right now mostly the capital side of the business. Then as you go through the full life cycle, it will support the operating cost side of the facility as well.
Joseph C. Elliott: Hey, Michael, we see application of local sand in both the southern Delaware and the Midland Basin. Our preferred sand provider is coming online now with their local sand mines, so we will start utilizing more local sand as a percentage of the total. We've the background work, the geoscience work, the lab work and all to test different sands, different sand quality, so we're comfortable applying those. It's just a matter of getting more activity in the local sand market.
Cedric W. Burgher: Guy, this is Cedric, and that's a good question. The net is about $30 million, so the $45 million minus the $15 million.
Cedric W. Burgher: Got it. This is Cedric, Phil. On monetizations, we'll always be looking at high-grading, improving our portfolio. If there are things that we can get a good value for that aren't core or strategic to us, then we certainly would be looking at those kind of exits, like what we just did in the first quarter with the gas plant. It really wasn't – we got a good price for it, and it wasn't essential to what we needed to do. In a lot of those particularly Midstream areas, we can contractually cover our needs just as easily. You don't necessarily have to own the asset. So there aren't any big plans necessarily, but at the same time we'll always be opportunistic with improving our portfolio. With respect to the balance sheet and debt, we don't have a precise target other than we want to be at the strong side of the group within the peer group. We've got a good credit rating and a good strong balance sheet, and we would like to make some improvements to it. But there's nothing that's kind of a must-have. So improving the net debt with some of the organic cash flow we expect to be generating over the next few quarters is also on the list of things we'd like to do.
Cedric W. Burgher: Thanks, Doug. No, on dividends, really our philosophy has not changed. We are absolutely committed to the dividend, as we've proven through the downturn, not just sustaining it but growing it at a modest rate. It will be dependent on our view of – a dividend is long-term commitment. Share buybacks are more opportunistic. This may be the way to say it. But on the dividend, we would look to continue with modest increases. Because it's a long-term, permanent commitment, if you will, the dividend, we look to do that at a more mid-cycle price. So today plus or minus $50 is what we have in mind. So with the higher price, as we showed last quarter on slide 6 of last quarter's presentation, buybacks come into play when you're in a significantly higher price than $50. So we run our business on a $40 to $50 price deck in terms of being prepared for lower prices, running a low-cost business, and then look for dividend increases as we continue to improve our efficiencies, our well productivity. The Aventine, all the things we've been talking about to drive our breakevens lower, we'll continue to do that. And that's what will position us potentially for further dividend increases.
Cedric W. Burgher: Bob, I'd love to lock in $15 if we could. The truth is there's no market really for hedging those differentials. It's very thin and short-term and just really non-existent. So it's a volatile market. Its outlook is difficult to predict. As we've seen, the primary driver is pipeline utilization, which we expect to continue to be high until these new pipes come on, particularly in the second half of 2019. But as it stands, hedging is just not really an option available to us.
Cedric W. Burgher: I think the way to think of it, Muhammed, is opportunistic. We're going to be looking at – there's a competition for capital around here, and that's one great use of capital, but we'll look at reinvestment and other options as well. And obviously, we'll be looking at the value of the shares. So periods of weakness and things like that, we certainly could step in, but we'll be opportunistic with those buybacks.
Cedric W. Burgher: Certainly, we would look at that, have looked at it. We know the terms, so that's it. That is one option that we could consider down the road. So again, framing it, hopefully we've laid this out pretty clearly, but we have a plan that we're about to achieve that means we can pretty much in any reasonable oil price scenario stay within the guardrails of cash flow. And then with that, we've laid our priorities, and net debt improvement is one of them. And so in the short term, it likely means building cash a little bit because most of our debt is termed out, as you've noted. But there are ways to bring that in and make some reductions there too over time. But again, in that area we'd be opportunistic. I've worked on in the past debt buybacks and even a defeasance, and a defeasance is probably the last thing we'd want to do. They tend to be expensive, but there are ways to bring that debt in, and that's something we would look at over time should the cash flow continue to stay at a high level.
Cedric W. Burgher: Roger, sorry, this is Cedric. I just want to add one thing just for clarification. The first quarter financials, in our cash flow you'll see $177 million of acquisitions and $275 million of sales. We talked about the roughly $150 million Delaware Basin gas plant sale, which was non-core, in that sale number, but the other piece of it was really the swap. So really the acquisition, we just broke – the way we did from an accounting standpoint, we broke both the acquisition and the sale out in the financial statement. But it really was done as one deal and it was essentially a swap, a large one.
Cedric W. Burgher: Certainly, the Midstream business has more than just that – those contracts related to the takeaway. The export terminal in particular has been doing fantastic this year. As you know, we're a leader in that area, and so I think it would probably be the other thing I'd point to more specifically.
