Doug Leggate: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. And, Vicki, congratulations. It's nice to get that issue behind us. Looking forward to seeing what you're going to do next. I guess I've got two questions, if I may. The first one is the Al Hosn guidance. I just wonder if you could explain the difference between what you suggested at the beginning of the year and what you're looking at now in terms of the reduction in full year expectations. Then I've got a follow-up please.
Doug Leggate: I guess I had a couple of other issues I was going to touch on, Sandy, but taking advantage of you being there, maybe I'll make my second one on your region if I may.
Doug Leggate: There's been a fair amount of chatter around both the Adnoc concessions, obviously your – the slowdown, it seems, in terms of asset monetization in the region and finally the prospect of extensions in the Oman contracts. I'm just wondering if you could give us a kind of general update as to how those things stand, and I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Doug Leggate: All right. Steve, maybe I will just squeeze just one more in given that you jumped in there. The pace of buybacks given that your stock has lagged -- just curious on your thought process. Then I will leave it there. Thank you.
Stephen I. Chazen: I don't think there'll be an issue with that. So it will be – if it weren't quite complete, I'm sure they would extend us.
Stephen I. Chazen: We continue to buy the stock back on weakness. And so you should expect that we'll buy back shares over the next year or so and eventually get to our target. The exact date or exact number each quarter, just hard to tell.
Stephen I. Chazen: Sort of a complicated question. The downturn – the cycle of course is – we expect if it stays volatile, whatever that means, we'd expect opportunities to show up during the cycle either to repurchase our stock or to buy other assets just depending on what's going on. Right now the asset market is quite expensive, so there's no reason to believe we'll do much of that. As far as the Middle East assets are concerned, they fall into two classes of asset. Those that are – where we've already spent the money and we're clipping coupons, which seem fairly attractive in a more-volatile oil price environment. And those that are more volatile and follow normal trends which seem less attractive in this environment. So I think that's where we are. Some of those assets require some work and probably in the end divestiture or discontinuation of work there. As far as the chemical business is concerned, the chemical business, once the ethylene cracker is on and the business becomes fully integrated with ethylene, its cash flow will be substantially larger than it is now. And I think that would be the appropriate time to look at whatever makes sense to do. I think if you do it too early, you're going to wind up undervaluing the asset. So I think we're a couple of years away. Of course, I'll be watching that from the beach. But – so you can ask Vicki at the time what she wants to do.
Stephen I. Chazen: I'm going to answer first then we'll let Vicki answer. You might get two different answers. But I think generally, in the most attractive asset we have at almost any product price environment is the Permian business. Maybe some in the EOR business but also in the Resource business. Any money we have that's excess is going wind up there. We've already – I think Vicki mentioned it – we've changed the number of rigs we're going to run by the end of the year. We're still looking at that. We got a lot of locations that work in a $60, $65 environment. If we start a well today, we won't see the production really until the third – late in the third or the fourth quarter. And we've gotten a lot better at bringing the stuff to market faster because the times have really shortened. That's why we're having a hard time keeping up with our estimates. I think our estimates are still – have room. But I think what we're going to try to do – so we may put some more rigs to work depending on the environment. Our view on this is different than maybe some others. You get – if you put the stuff on production, these wells work. There's no issue about the returns or whatever. If oil prices move up you'll get 90% to 95% of that change in that well, because you have a little bit of production this year some oil prices are higher next year, you're going get 90% of that. I think this – if there is a boost in prices I think in the end completion costs will start to rise, not fall. So we may be at the part where you want to finish the wells. And I don't – when you got a lot of locations – we've got thousands of locations – any locations that you put off for now, you've delayed drilling for 10 years from now, effectively, because you've moved them to the back of the line. So our view is that you drill through this environment. You reap the returns that are there now. Oil prices move up, you're going get the bulk of that. I think delaying your production, because you know what oil prices are going be next year seems to me to be, you know – if people do know, I wish they'd send me an email so I could get rich.
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, the Permian is obviously doing well. And we continue to put what's prudent into it. And we'll continue to focus on it. But as it generates better results, it generates more cash. And that cash a lot, the bulk of that will be reinvested in continuation as long as it does what it's currently doing. Facts are, the reason we sort of are running ahead of our outlook was simply because we didn't think we would be quite this good. So – and we continue to run ahead of outlook in our plans and we – so I think there's still room there. I think the buy-back question is quite a different one. We need to reduce the number of shares outstanding over time. And we'll do that, but just as important we need to increase our cash flow so that we can continue to have more free cash flow to – for dividends and share repurchases. That's really and the purpose – at the very beginning I said you have to focus on the fact that you can't just save and cut back and that's going to make it better. If you don't invest and you start to decline, you're going to have a hard time recovering from it because you have a decline curve and you're declining against it, and you're starting up again. So our objective is to continue to grow the volumes through the year. And to the extent we can unless you get a collapse in product prices. And then the free cash flow that that will generate over the next year can be used to enhance the dividend or repurchase shares.
Stephen I. Chazen: This is Steve. I think it's a reasonable target for the year. I think we'll sort of get there. But I think – it could be more than that but I think right now we'll stick with that.
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, most of them don't have any dividends. So comparing against an environment with – so we're sort of a tall midget here. So I think the -- dividends, if there is religious activity here, I think that's it. It provides discipline to the management, otherwise you print shares, do all sorts of wealth destructive things. The dividends give you discipline. We have a more diverse business than the typical E&P. We've got the sort of stable stuff that we've already spent the money on in the Middle East to generate cash. We've got the Chemical business, which always generates cash. We have a midstream business which generates cash, and we have less debt, relatively. So all that provides more cash than the typical, and what we do with the cash is we buy in some shares. And we pay more dividends. You have to have something that – you can't be at our size – you can't try to compete with somebody makes 10,000 barrels a day and grow. So we think that our long standing acreage position, that's also part of it, we didn't just acquire the acreage last month or last year. We got the EOR business which generates a lot of cash. In economic terms, those are called monopoly profits and that's what you're seeing. It's the same thing you see at the large integrateds. That's what differentiates it. The other guys have a different strategy. Nothing wrong with their strategy, it's just different but we think the cash here will be strong and we invest sometimes unpopularly, by the way, in things that will generate a lot of cash for a long period of time. So we always are thinking about how we're going grow the dividend. I guess she can speak for herself but I think Vicki and Chris have the same basic belief because they've been hearing it for a long time. So...
Stephen I. Chazen: And that's – and Chris is planning on staying so Chris will be your principal person to talk to about financial matters, but Vicki will certainly set the strategy.
Stephen I. Chazen: That's right. It's hard to say exactly. Because you have the chemical business which is a little different and that's going to generate a sizable amount of free cash out here. I'm sure it will generate $1 billion in free cash. And so that will cover a fair amount of the dividend without doing anything and some growth there. It's sort of a GDP grower when all is said and done on its cash flow.
Stephen I. Chazen: That provides the base. And we just – the dividends are the cost of keeping the shareholders. It's cost of capital. However you want to say it. And without that sort of discipline, you'd do all kinds of crazy stuff.
Stephen I. Chazen: I don't know. Maybe. But I think growth is growth. We've spent a lot of time building to this so that we wouldn't be in the same situation that a number of other companies are. We've spent money and time. And so we started the acceleration when we knew what we were doing, mostly. And that's really what – and I think we've told you that in the past, which nobody listened to.
Vicki A. Hollub: I think I'll go with what Steve said. But just to build on that, I'd like to say that we're certainly keeping our team intact and ensuring that everybody is – has the resources necessary to prepare us to be able to maximize our flexibility. We're continuing to work on development plans in the areas that are not our core areas, because there's certainly a lot of opportunities where with increased prices we could start to ramp up and have lots of opportunities available beyond the core areas we're currently developing. So what we're doing is laying out those plans, evaluating those and starting to go ahead and permit. And just so that we can – if prices do go up we can ramp up rigs more efficiently than we have in the past.
Vicki A. Hollub: One of the things we're trying to do is make sure we maintain a minimum level of rigs in order to continue improving our efficiency, because you make a good point. You can't really get efficient if you're not actually out doing the work. And that's one thing that's provided us a lot of benefit here. In all areas we have continued operations, as you've seen on the charts, we've gained significant efficiencies. At Merchant where we – that's kind of a new startup where we don't have those efficiencies yet, but we're starting to see those coming as well. So we think it's critically important to maintain a certain level of activity with not only rigs, but the frac companies that you're using and the other service providers as well.
Vicki A. Hollub: The cost structure that we're trying to get to is, we currently have some of our contracts with suppliers tied to oil prices, so some of those contracts will go up with oil prices. However, the majority of our contracts for the drilling rigs and for our frac providers are not necessarily tied to an oil pricing index. So what we're really trying to do is get more efficient. And we expect that the cost structure that we're going to achieve by fourth quarter is going be one that does have some exposure to flexibility in prices, but I don't believe that more than 60% to 70% of our cost structure improvement will be associated with oil price changes.
Vicki A. Hollub: In terms of the drilling days, one of the things our team is doing is they're taking an evaluation of the formations that we're drilling through and modeling what it takes in terms of the weight on our bit and rotation of the bit to really design exactly how much we should do, how fast we should rotate the bit. And how much weight we should put on it by interval. And it's a process that's called mechanical-specific energy and that's one of the processes that's helped us to significantly reduce our drilling days, that, along with the fact that we're better managing our mud systems and we've seen a lot of improvement there. We're seeing significant reduction in nonproductive time during our drilling operations. So – and part of that – a good part of the nonproductive time reduction is due to the efficiencies of our teams and the scheduling. Some of that is due as well to the fact that the Permian is not as stretched in terms of the support system now that activity is lower. So it's a combination of a lot of things but the thing I'm most excited about is the engineering that our teams are doing on the wells. And that's sustainable. So the drilling-day reduction is one of the things from a cost structure standpoint improvement that's sustainable and that's – we haven't been able to apply that everywhere yet, like in Merchant. That's one of the things that's going to help us further improve our drilling efficiency in Merchant. It's really based on some incredible work with teams especially with respect to the engineering aspect of what we're doing.
Vicki A. Hollub: One of the things that we've been trying, and we are not prepared yet to talk about the results, but we've used several different techniques to isolate how we inject and place our proppant within the horizontal section of the well. And we feel like that that's the next area that we feel has the most opportunity for improvement. That's getting the most contact with your proppant through the formation. So it's getting the most surface area contact in order to create the conduits through the well bore. What we felt is that if we could isolate our stages with just single clusters rather than two to three to four clusters per stage, that we could more efficiently frac the formation. We've tried some of that and we've tried various types of tools to help us do that. We're in the process of evaluating those results now and hope to have some things that we can share in the next three to six months.
Vicki A. Hollub: Yeah, the target that we're trying to achieve, we already have achieved that with some of our wells. So the current costs where I'm saying we are there is that3 basically an average of what we're seeing. That is actually our planned numbers were a little bit higher than what – certainly what our target is and sort of in between our target and our current. But in terms of where we expected to be for Q1, we're ahead of schedule because we're implementing these things as we go. So the target was where we expect to be by year end. But we think we will be ahead of that.
Vicki A. Hollub: Currently it's principally performance execution. It's accelerating the well delivery. However, we do have a couple of areas where we're seeing improved performance. You'll notice that the graphs from the Delaware basin, we're still seeing strong performance versus our peers in the Wolf Bone and the Barilla Draw area. There are other areas where we're seeing improved performance in terms of our program design. So we're still seeing opportunities to increase our per-well performance and we're seeing – and then the main thing that we're doing there is targeting better landing zones. So I would say that right now just to go back and bottom-line answer the question, it's incredible execution on the part of our teams to get the wells on faster. And part of it is a little bit of improved recovery on a per-well basis, but we still expect there will be more of that to come.
Vicki A. Hollub: Yes of the 150 wells, none of them will be on the Central Basin platform. It'll be almost split half-and-half between the Midland Basin and the Delaware Basin.
