Cedric Burgher: Thanks Vicki, Jody will cover our Permian activity so I will address other significant items. Total reported production was 601,000 BOE per day with ongoing production coming in at 594,000 BOE per day which was at the top end of our guidance range.  Domestic operating cost were below guidance and capital cost are on track to meet total year guidance. We spend approximately $800 million on our capital program with the majority of our $3.6 billion capital budget anticipated for the second half of the year. As a reminder, we received our tax-free fund of approximately $750 million during the second quarter.  Second quarter core earnings per share was $0.15 with cash flow on track for our breakeven plan. Reported income included one-time gains on the sales of domestic oil and gas assets including sales taxes and a noncash fair value gain on our plains equity investment.  Chemicals second quarter earnings were well above our guidance as caustic soda exceeded priced continue to increase based on a favorable supply and demand balance and low inventory levels. Chemical production and sales volumes were stronger than anticipated across most product line slightly offset by higher ethylene and natural gas cost. The second quarter Chemicals income also benefited from a full quarter of contributions from the joint venture ethylene cracker in Ingleside, Texas. However, our first cash distribution will not be received until the third quarter.  The cash distribution will be approximately $50 million which includes some catch up from the second quarter. Midstream second quarter core earnings also came in above our previous guidance reflecting improved Midland and Gulf Coast spreads, higher volumes to the Ingleside crude terminal and improved foreign pipeline income with the completion of the Dolphin pipeline in our Hosn plant maintenance in the first quarter. Midstream improvements were partially offset by lower NGL prices and gas processing fees.  On Slide 10, second quarter cash flows included $600 million in proceeds from the sales of assets including South Texas and $360 million in acquisition payments primarily related to the Permian resources and international operations.  With respect to guidance please refer to Slide 11 in today's investor presentation. Our full year 2017 ongoing production guidance has been narrowed to a range of $597,000 to $605,000 BOE per day. From prior guidance of 595,000 to 615,000 BOE per day, the low end was raised to reflect the new production increase from the previously announced Permian transactions. The high end of the range was reduced as we finalized our ramp up scheduled in that Permian resources and recognized accumulative uncertainty in OPEC quarters [ph] extensions, Columbia downtime and our non-operated production growth timing.  Permian resources total year production guidance has been narrowed with an adjustment only to the top end of our guidance to reflect the sale of our Permian resources acreage and our non-operated production growth timing.  EOR production guidance has been increased to reflect the other part of that transaction. We continue to expect production in Permian resources to exit this year at a growth pace of approximately 30% higher than 2016 levels. We expect our capital expenditures to ramp up to about $1 billion for both the third quarter and the fourth quarters and our full year capital spending to be about $3.6 billion.  Lastly, I would like to call your attention to our investor slide appendix which has been reorganized to include additional details on our business including several slides on our environmental, safety and governance framework and commitment. Since joining Oxy in late May, I have been thrilled to learn more about OXY’s industry leading efforts in Carbon sequestration which we have highlighted on slide 34.  I’ll now turn the call over to Jody. 
Cedric Burgher: Yeah, Pavel this is Cedric. Really our approach is to be opportunistic, we have a number of assets in our portfolio that don’t produce cash or not much and those would be likely candidates for sale earlier. But clearly the plant units from a long-term perspective are not core to our business and therefore a source of liquidity. But, the way we look at it they’re throwing off good cash, we think it’s a well-run company with good assets and so, we’re happy to continue to hold on to those units and look for an opportunistic time to sell them down the road. 
Cedric Burgher: We've got a great number of slides in the appendix that lays out the different projects that we’re working. We made a lot of progress here recently in one around reservoir management of our injecting. So, both in Kim's business and [indiscernible] with steam and then northern Oman with the water flood and then our EOR business with CO2 floods we're deploying kind of the early versions of those tools that combine essentially low fidelity reservoir models with the statistical models that we can make changes in where our injecting goes on a greater frequency and so what that does, it allows us to get the biggest bang for the buck for every molecule of injecting that we put in the ground. So those are starting to get rolled out and from a technology standpoint that’s all kind be done in the cloud. So, from an IT stand point, we’re able to do this work from Oman all the way back here to Houston and again that’s our starting point but technology applies to all three geographic areas.  On the drilling side we're pushing out our bit trajectory data analytics tool, so we've been through kind of our early round of validating where the bid is based on serving equipment being 45 or 60 foot behind the bit, that’s now starting, start beginning to get penetrated across multiple rigs and what that does is it again it keeps you in zone, it allows you to build you curves more accurately because you know where you are instead of projecting where you are and that results in better wells, if you stay in zone longer. So that’s a couple of examples but there is a long list that we continue to push forward on the technology front. 
Cedric Burgher: We're continuing to as we spoke before, we have one that we have completed the stimulation on, we have others planned. The impact of multi-lateral is really when we move into our second and third and fourth bench kind of development. So, we continue to move down that path kind of no new news there on multilateral. 
Cedric Burgher: I'll just say that the point of slide seven was to show you at $40 that we’ve got the liquidity path that works obviously, so we’re planning for the worst if you will, if things were to go below that on a sustainable basis then we would of course reassess the whole world probably would, but even as low as $40 WTI, we’ve got a path that this plan we can execute from a liquidity standpoint.
Cedric Burgher: Yeah. It does and in this new core development area that the transactions allowed us to develop their spray berry activity there as well, in New Mexico its second bone, its first bone its third bone, its XY, it's another zone in between the XY and the Wolfcamp, that’s the beauty of New Mexico again as there is more what I would call premium benches, per acre of opportunity that we have. 
Cedric Burgher: We take the multi-lateral -- we view multi-lateral as kind of an arrow in the quiver, it's one of many tools we have in our development plan. So, areas where we are location constrained, there are some environmentally sensitive areas that we operate in, there is BLM acreage, we're trying to minimize our footprint and so if you have multiple benches that’s a lot of well heads if you do them all by one well at a time. So, we take that into account when we think about the development plan of an area of whether we want to deploy multi-lateral in that future development or not. 
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Jody. We’re fully on track to achieve our plan as shown across our oil and gas chemical industry businesses as each beat our second quarter expectations. Additionally, our teams are exceeding goal to increase value within the plan, we’ve already met our Permian resources inventory improvement goal by adding 400 additional locations below $50 breakeven, and we expect to add more. We were able to complete multiple Permian transactions to add value and enhance our plan as announced this quarter. We ended the quarter with more cash on the balance sheet than we had at the end of the first quarter and we have ample liquidity to fully fund our plan at any old price.  We will now open it up for your questions. 
Vicki Hollub: Okay. Thanks Doug. Our guidance really does not indicate any change in our confidence or in our pathway to breakeven as we’ve laid out. Actually, this is just a narrowing of the guidance, our business teams are progressing and working and achieving exactly what we need them to and actually where as I mentioned in my script, we’re really ahead of schedule in terms of performance.  But there are several reasons that we did it, first we increased the low end of our range 2,000 barrels a day to account for the increased second half production as a result of our Permian transactions. And then we -- secondly, we now have a greater clarity on the redeployment of our South Texas sale proceeds. For example, we had said we would be able to deploy those into those proceeds and the Permian resources which we have done. And that activity is taking place in the second half of this year and now we expect that with the pad development that we had going on, some of that production will actually go into January and February. So, the activity we got better clarity on the timing of that.  Third, our updated range really reflects some uncertainties around a number of things that have happened. Earlier in the year we had expected that the announced six-month quotas for OPEC would be in place and now that’s been extended for a full year. Also, we've had some impacts of electrical storms in the Permian in the second quarter, we wanted to take that into account and we've also had some third-party processing outages.  In our own EOR business we had two unplanned plant client outages which are now behind us and we wanted to a be a little bit conservative with Columbia with respect to pipeline outages we been able to manage that recently and expect to be able to manage it but we don’t feel that there will be upside there.  And then with respect to our Permian non-operative positive we are seeing indications that a lot of companies now starting to cut their capital. So, we feel like there could be some risk on the upside and again there are risk on the upside because we did increase the bottom side our range. And having said all that we felt like that it was small but wanted to make sure that we provided clarity around what we expect. 
Vicki Hollub: The 80,000 barrel a day really is going to be dependent on our efficiency improvements and how well we're able to move from pad to pad, logistics and several things. So, I'm not prepared to just to accelerate that schedule, we've said that it would be happened by the end of 2018 or first of 2019. I don’t think that we see anything right now that would prompt us to change them. 
Vicki Hollub: What we're going to do is, we’re make the right decisions from a monetization and value stand point, so where they are assets that we certainly feel would be best monetized for them to add value to the shareholders that’s what we will do. We not going to monetize things that are not value adding, meaning we’re not going to sell assets that we think would add more value if we kept them for development. So, we will look at that and make the decisions as we go, we're not going to try to target any upper end; we just think we need to make the best value decision. 
Vicki Hollub: As I said we felt like that, we have extreme confidence in our plan and we know we can execute this. So, we felt it important to continue to increase our dividend. We know that there are holders that expect that to happen and needs to happen for some of the holders of our stock. We wanted to do a modest increase at this point and expect that as we achieve our cash flow neutrality in our breakeven that we will then be able to grow our dividend more in line with our value growth. 
Vicki Hollub: Well, one thing that we do expect to see is we do expect efficiency improvements. This plan that we’ve rolled out is very conservative, it does not include many of the things that Jody’s team is working on in the Permian resources business. And it also really doesn’t take into account some of the things internationally that we’re seeing that great success with, with respect to some of the capital efficiency improvements there as well as the improved recovery in OpEx reductions.  So, I think that certainly our plan is conservative, so with the $50 oil price there would be potential for further increases, but in terms of production, but what we want to do is make the best decision so we would just look at market condition, we’d look at our other opportunities for use of capital and make a decision is to what’s the best thing to do. I believe overtime, because of the assets we have, we have the potential to grow more. But we’ll make those decisions as we get to that point. 
Vicki Hollub: I think that certainly -- I think by the end of this year we will make more progress, we're going to see probably our biggest incremental changes in beginning in Q1 of 2018 because lot of the ramp up in Permian resources will really start to pay off in Q1. So, I would certainly expect to have significant incremental progress towards our goal by that time.  But some of the other things will happen in mid like 2018 for example we expect the [indiscernible] expansion will be certainly before the end of 2018, the four CPE will be at the beginning of 2018 that’s the plant in Louisiana. We're going to see next quarter as we mentioned, the cash flow from the cracker starting to come in from the JV, so that should actually be happening next quarter, will help toward the end of this year.  We expect that we will see incremental from the export terminal, we do plan to expand it a bit, but we're not sure the timing on that but that could also occur later in 2018. So, the closure things are immediate cash flow next quarter from the JV, the four CPE beginning of 2018 and then we're looking at [indiscernible] toward the end and the incremental growth from the Permian, while it wasn’t a straight line from the time we announced it, over the next couple of quarters is really they are ramping up, they are going to start, they will see good fourth quarter production and then they are on a very strong trajectory going into the 2018. So, the growth in 2018 is going to be well above the 30% CAGR from Permian resources. 
Vicki Hollub: That going to be mostly organic growth. Where we see opportunities to continue to increase our working interest or do bolt on acquisitions we would do those. But we're so confident with this organic execution plan that we have that we're really focused on it and making sure that happens. 
Vicki Hollub: Yeah. I’m want to emphasize that our growth rate right now and what we’re doing over the next 18 months is, we’re just replacing cash flow from those assets that we exited or divested. So, this high growth rate that you’re seeing is a consequence of that, we need to replace the cash flow, we want to do that as quickly as we can and beyond that once we are cash flow neutral at 40 and breakeven at 50 with the 5% to 8% we will be -- we will stay within cash flow. And we expect over time, our cash flow to continue to increase. And that’s our goal.
Vicki Hollub: I’m sorry Greg -- Phil, could you repeat that question, you’re asking why not growth, I’m sorry, Roger you’re asking… 
Vicki Hollub: Our activity set over the next several years is predominantly in a Delaware basin, where we're positioned where we had good rock positions, its geo pressured for most of those benches that extends the period of time before you start having GOR effects. So, I think we're well positioned from an inventory standpoint relative to some of our competitors with respect to GOR. 
Vicki Hollub: I do expect that to be not only possible but likely, I just didn’t want to pin my sub down to a range on that, but that’s really time to target [Multiple Speakers] but that’s our goal, it’s in the interim we’re just trying to get to the milestone of being able to then refocus and get our dividend growth back.
Vicki Hollub: Sustaining capital does go down with oil prices because we would expect as you’re alluding to service company cost and some of our CO2s tied to oil prices. So, it would go lower, what the estimate that we have on our slide though is what we believe today without significant efficiency improvement. So, it’s conservative. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes, Brian the reason for the shift in the Mexico is really kind of grounded in our capital intensity calculations. The Mexico, because of the stack pace and very good stack pace is not like we have a primary bench and then three or four secondaries'. There are three or four primary benches that compete very well, very high returns and so it’s that nature that drives us toward more in the Mexico kind of second in the tier would be the Texas, Delaware and then Midland Basin. I mean, those two aren’t that different but they just have different production profiles with the wells as we drill and that’s why we're in a more dominated with our activity still [ph] on the Delver side.  The risks of drilling with vertical wells a lot of the areas we're developing are not historical vertical development or they were done in a way that you still have a lot of room between those verticals wells for not having any collision areas. A lot of our New Mexico development that we're going to is clean acreage in very little historical development if it was, it was in shallower reservoirs.  We got a long history of this. You’ve got to remember, we've been in the Permian for a long time at 25,000 wells, a lot of experience dealing with both vertical and now horizontal activity, we're doing more horizontal activity in our legacy EOR properties and on the central basin platform. So, it's something very manageable for us and I think the properties that we set themselves up well for continued horizontal development. 
Vicki Hollub: Well first of all, as long as we’re investing our dollars and things that deliver rate of return that are better than our cost of capital, we’ll continue to execute this plan. That also assumes that the fundamentals are there to support oil prices that are at least close to $40, because that’s about where we get the returns that we feel are appropriate for our dollar invested. With respect to, I think in slide seven shows the liquidity that we’ll have available to support that if that was the second part of your question at 40. And this is all for this 40. 
Vicki Hollub: To close I would just like to reiterate our excitement and our confidence in our plan. The quality of our assets, the capability of our organization and the strength of our pathway to our breakeven plan is well understood by our organization and we're completely in line toward achieving our goals.  But looking beyond our breakeven plan we're also confident in our ability to sustain our value proposition for the foreseeable future and that does include meaningful dividend growth beyond this breakeven plan.  In addition to the multi decade reserves and resources that we have in the Permian basin and the long-term cash flow from OXYChem, we also have long-term contracts in the Middle East and Columbia and they will provide significant cash flow for multiple decades. So, we do have sustainability. So, I would like to thank you all for joining our call today and wish you happy day. Thanks. 
Jody Elliott: Yeah, this is Jody. Thank you for the question. Yeah, we have achieved that goal that we set out of 400. I’m still working on your stretch goal of 600 locations as well. But we do think we can continue to progress that better well productivity, some really innovative things around pad development sequencing, moving a little more activity over the next year and in the Mexico longer laterals you see in the slides that we’ve extended our average lateral length in the inventory. And that doesn’t stop, right so I think that will continue to add sub 50 inventory. Plus, we’re marching through the other 300,000, 350,000 acres that we really haven’t fully evaluated. We knocked off another 15,000 this last time. So, probably not every quarter an update on inventory but maybe every other quarter we would provide an update. 
Jody Elliott: Yeah, Roger it’s a combination of things. It is better, continued subsurface understanding and progression and refining our landing points, changing our stimulation designs to maximize stimulated rod volumes so that connection to the reservoir and lateral length is really all of those things. If I had to wait, I might probably say that the landing point in stimulation changes are driving the bulk of that. 
Jody Elliott: Paul this is Jody, thank you. I think as we've talked all along we really emphasize our subsurface work whether that’s geologic work or reservoir engineering and so the understanding of GOR [ph] behavior, it's not new to us, it is not a surprise for our assumptions, we model, we do more than just decline curve analysis, we have multiple defector [ph] changes like go through the life of this well, we model the GOR increase when you get to bubble point, we use rate transient analysis, we use reservoir modeling so it is a full cycle engineering analysis. And so, our plans have got those reservoir behaviors built into our forecast over the next couple of years, our GORs actually stay fairly flat based on the mix of new development and declining development. So that’s well understood by us and built into our plan. 
Jody Elliott: Thanks, the big data is really is analytics, it's not big data, its analytics that helps us get even better at that, so we're adding statistical models on top of the engineering analysis whether it's in reservoir, whether it's in geology, completions drilling, we're seeing that across the board with our analytics projects and that just refines our confidence on our EOR predictions, on our type curve predictions even more as we move forward. It's some of the technology thing that Vicki mentioned that really aren’t based into this cash flow to breakeven plan, they act as upsides for us as we continue to solve those kind of though problems out there. 
Paul Sankey: I guess to would be remising me not to ask you about gas, oil ratios given the opposition in the Columbian scale of your position in your experience. What's your prospective on this latest controversy that too [ph] much as regards OXYs competitive position. 
Paul Sankey: Looks like as though was playing the gas oil ratio bingo there and you excluded points for bubble point but you didn’t manage to throw in big data. 
Paul Sankey: Could you contrast, I know you are all over the Permian but can you talk about how things differ across acreage and where you might be differentiated or not as the case may be as regards some of these issues. 
Paul Sankey: Got it, Vicki if I could just pin you down slightly, you're talking a lot about breakevens and then as you cost dividend increases, I think you know the market is getting tired of what is quite a modest time to ultimately to be a breakeven. But it feels as if the opportunities is better than it ever has been and can you not be more ambitious about your dividend growth over time, I'm for example pinning it to future volume growth assuming the margins were constant. Wouldn’t it be reasonable to say that in the future we can get a 5% to 8% annualized dividend growth as our target? Thanks.
