Vicki A. Hollub: Currently, we feel like in the Delaware Basin, we're definitely upper quartile in terms of drilling performance. And actually, we've recently compared our performance to some of our competitors. And we feel like there's maybe one or two operators that have had a couple of wells – a few wells better than ours. But with the direction that we're headed, we expect to be first in performance in drilling in the Delaware Basin, due to the activities and initiatives that I just discussed. And with respect to well performance, we looked recently at what some offset operators are doing, and, compared to offset operators in the Delaware Basin, as I said in my discussion here, we believe that we've just completed some of the best wells in the basin, in the Delaware. In the Midland Basin, this new area that we're developing now in Big Spring is certainly showing some of the best production that we've seen yet in the Midland Basin as well. So in some areas in the Midland Basin, we're about par, and, in some cases, slightly lower than some of our competition, but certainly this Big Spring area is competing very well, as is Merchant.
Vicki A. Hollub: For now, what we're trying to do is – we feel comfortable with what we've stated for the second half of this year. So that's the target we expect to be able to hit, which equates to about a 109,000 [BOE] average for 2015. With respect to 2016, our targets on a per-well basis, on the average, are going to increase, but what we haven't determined yet is what level of activity we'll have for 2016. So we feel very comfortable that we're going to have a stronger program going into 2016, but the level of capital spend will depend on market conditions.
Vicki A. Hollub: Yeah, what's happening is our teams have become so efficient in a number of areas. So we're not just getting good with drilling – and the drilling has been the part of our performance that we've highlighted a lot. So drilling performance is significantly improving, and it's improving because of the modeling work that our teams are doing, in addition to the execution in the field. So it's a combination of our planning, our design, and our guys in the field executing it very well. In addition to that, though, we have an efficiency team that's driving how we do our business. From the time that we go out, we decide to spot a well, to the time that we get it to sales, every segment of that we've worked on to try to improve our efficiency. And that's gone really well, which has been a big part of the acceleration in addition to the improvement in a per-well basis in terms of initial rates and performance. The other thing that's helping us significantly is the business units working with our exploitation team to enhance what we understand about the reservoir now. So our modeling work, especially our petrophysical geomodeling and our mapping, has enabled us to do a better job of selecting where to place the lateral part of the well, not only where to spot the well, but where to put the lateral section of the well, and also how to complete it. And while we've seen significant improvements in our wells with the design changes we've made, we feel like there are still more improvements to be made, and we're continuing to work it.
Vicki A. Hollub: Well, in the slides, you'll see that we have an inventory of our current well locations identified, and what it shows is the inventory that we can drill by price range. But I want to point out here that this inventory – it's on slide 25, I think – but the inventory that's shown on that slide really is not updated for not only well performance, but it hasn't been updated for our current cost structure. So we'll be updating that at the end of the year, and you can use that as the guide to see the level of inventory that we have based on what the oil price is. And this is based on delivering returns that are greater than our cost of capital.
Vicki A. Hollub: Well, we're looking at the Middle East basically as a group of what we consider core assets versus non-core assets. And the assets that we consider to be really core to our business over there are the assets in Oman, the Al Hosn project, the Dolphin project. Those are our cash flow generators, so the steam flood in Mukhaizna is certainly one of the projects that's very important to us. Some of the other assets in the Middle East – we're currently in Qatar, that's been a good project for us. That still has five years left on the contract there. Some of the other assets are assets that, as we've mentioned before, are assets that are non-core to us, and given the opportunity, we would work to try to monetize or exit those.
Vicki A. Hollub: The $6.2 million is the target, but we feel like that we still have opportunities to lower beyond that. We actually have achieved that with some of our wells, but we're just not achieving that on the average yet. We're still seeing opportunities; the teams are working on new ideas. I think that there's a good possibility we could get below the $6.2 million. Not only that target in the Delaware Basin but our targets in the Midland Basin as well. They're making some really good progress, doing some very good work modeling.
Vicki A. Hollub: Yeah, what we're trying to do in the Delaware Basin, I think I mentioned before, is that the 3D seismic that we're acquiring, that would be something that could help us identify – or actually it's the next step to high-grade the locations that we drill. So it's not – as we've said before, it's not only about where you place the well within the interval, but where you drill the well, too. And our basin modeling, which has recently been updated, that's another tool that we think is going to help us continue to move the average up a bit. So we think that those two tools, the basin modeling where we've done a lot of geochem work and updated our petrophysical models, the 3D seismic now, we're in the process of acquiring that. We should be able to have that processed and begin interpretation by the end of the year. So that should help to impact the 2016 program.
Vicki A. Hollub: Yeah, I would say that our view changed a little bit in the Midland Basin, where we thought at the beginning of the year that the Spraberry would be the best interval for us in the Midland, but now we're seeing the Wolfcamp A and both the Merchant area and the Big Spring area as looking very, very good. So that was a positive sign for us. So we have now three intervals – the Wolfcamp A, Wolfcamp B, and Spraberry – that are economical to develop in the Midland Basin. And in the Delaware, what we're doing there is we're trying to stay very focused this year on developing what we plan to develop so that we have the infrastructure in place and that we maximize the use of that infrastructure as quickly as we can before we move on to other intervals in other areas. Two of the things that we're seeing is that the third Bone Spring and the Avalon are actually starting to look very good for us around our acreage, and so we're modeling that now. And actually we'll certainly, we think, unless we just have significant improvements in some other intervals, both of those intervals will be a part of our 2016 development program.
Vicki A. Hollub: Yeah, actually in the Midland Basin what we're doing there is we've drilled anywhere from 4,500 feet up to 10,000 in the Delaware Basin, and our current average there is about 6,800. But we're trying to, where we can, target drilling 7,000 to 7,500 in the Midland Basin. In the Delaware, we've drilled up to about 7,850. And actually, our average in the Delaware Basin probably is around 4,500 there. We're expecting to, in that basin, have a minimum of 4,500 going forward in the future and would like to drill maybe in the 5,000 to 5,500 range.
Vicki A. Hollub: The assets that we'd consider non-core in the U.S. are still Williston and Piceance. We have a South Texas asset that, when liquids prices are good, it's a great project. And actually, we have a lot of work that we could do at South Texas. The team down there has worked up a lot of potential workovers. We have a lot of drilling prospects on our South Texas acreage. So I'm just going to use this opportunity to say that, even though we're not investing growth capital dollars in any of those three assets, those teams have done an incredible job to manage their base production and optimize it, and they're optimizing it with minimal expense of any kind. They're doing a tremendous job. So we still consider there to be a lot of potential in South Texas. Williston, we simply want to monetize because of the fact that we don't have a lot of running room there. We started some larger completions at the end of last year in the Williston Basin that really showed significant improvement in our well productivity there, but because of our running room, because of the differential in the Williston, it just can't compete with our Permian Basin assets, and we don't think it ever will. So we do want to monetize it, along with the Piceance.
Vicki A. Hollub: We're certainly headed toward DD&A of less than $15, and that sort of depends in terms of where it eventually lands, depends on our infrastructure and how we can optimize that. Thus far, we've done a really good job of building water-handling infrastructure and gas processing, gas to sales, gathering systems. So as we continue to optimize that, part of the reason that we're developing the way we are is to ensure that over time we can develop our reserves and minimize the facilities costs. So we're trying to spend the bulk of our dollars on getting the reserves out of the ground. Ultimately, we're putting together these lots of field (54:38) depletion plans, which help us to do that, and our target is to always make sure that our development of any particular area is with less than 10% of the capital spent on facilities and infrastructure.
Vicki A. Hollub: Actually, we're trying to stay disciplined in terms of how much we accelerate, so we'll do more drilling there. We do have drilling planned there. It'll be at a moderate pace through this year because we have other areas that are pretty good as well. If we see over time that, on a consistent basis, that that's tremendously higher than anything else we have in the Midland Basin, we'll certainly go over and try to accelerate that, but with minimal incremental cost.
Vicki A. Hollub: In the Wolfcamp A and the Wolfcamp B, we're being very careful not to downspace too much. So we have some pilots in place, and we have some reservoir modeling ongoing to ensure that we're spacing those wells appropriately. We're not going to drill wells where we have interference issues, so we're trying to maximize the reserves we get on a per-well basis. So downspacing is not something that we've built into our program. However, the staggered completions between the Wolfcamp A and B is something that certainly we're going to do to ensure that there's no risk of communication between a Wolfcamp A and a Wolfcamp B well.
Vicki A. Hollub: Yeah, the incremental wells was additional delineation, and the Wolfcamp B, with respect to the Wolfcamp A, is – while the Wolfcamp B is prospective and delivers some better than cost of capital returns, it's not as prolific as the Wolfcamp A in either the Midland Basin nor the Delaware. However, we think there are opportunities to continue to improve the recovery from the Wolfcamp A, where we're doing, as I said, on each of our target intervals more modeling to try to get to the point where we can optimize the Wolfcamp B.
Vicki A. Hollub: So we have no intention to sell any of our acreage that's designated non-focus right now. The difference between our focus areas and not is the fact that our focus areas are those that we feel like we could put in development mode today or are in development mode today. The ones that are not considered focus right now are the ones that are still in appraisal mode, and we consider those areas to be prospective, but in the interest of trying to ensure that the infrastructure dollars that we spend are used and we get the benefit of that quicker, we're being pretty disciplined about where we spend and how we develop. So the non-focus areas are ones that we're preparing for development in the future. We at this point today don't have any acreage that we would consider for sale today. We have some acreage that falls way down the priority list and are things that we would get to years and years from now, so that, at some point, we might take a look at. Do we try to trade that to move into areas where it better fits where we're currently operating? And in terms of continuing to appraise, we still have the Central Basin platform where we haven't been drilling as of yet, or many unconventionals. I think we have a couple drilled, but we still have that to assess. So the good thing is that we have a tremendous inventory. The challenge with that is we're always looking at ways to try to accelerate but to do it in a way that's not value destructive. And so we're trying to moderate our pace and trying to ensure that we have things fully evaluated before we move to development.
Stephen I. Chazen: She's new to the Middle East, but she'll answer next quarter. The answer is, yeah, it's a free cash flow generator at this point. Whether it's competitive or not is hard to measure. And so, as you know, what happens is you invest the capital and you get it back within the year, typically. So while you show a lot of investment, you get it back fairly quickly, and then some profit oil to go with it. So it's an okay contract at this point. But that's the same kind of financial characteristic that the Permian Resources has, frankly, just looking at it financially. And so the issue that Vicki will wrestle with over the next few months is whether it's competitive to continue to invest – basically shifting that capital to the Resource business, which basically has the same kind of payout timeframe, maybe a little longer than Resources but not much. So that's really what we're having to wrestle with, and we'll look for a contract extension that is at least as good as what we could get a lot closer to home.
Stephen I. Chazen: Yeah, I'll answer that for now. And we've talked about this a lot; it's not some new topic. If we concentrate the Middle East on the long-lived projects, that'll generate relatively more free cash flow. In fact, if we stopped investing in the so-called non-core group, we'd have more cash flow than we have now. So they're basically users of cash for either overhead or whatever. And so we think we could improve the cash flow out of the Middle East with that. The CO2 businesses and the chemical business, chemical business will finish the cracker here in a year or so. The cash flow will improve there. We think the dividend will be fairly easy to maintain. However, it will require some shrinkage of the shares; there's no question about that. And so one of our objectives over the next timeframe would be to shrink the shares and therefore reduce the dividend, especially at the current prices of the stock, where the dividend yield is exceptionally high.
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, the answer is yeah, it's realistic. They could in theory do better than that. It's running – if you look at the numbers – more liquids rich than we had originally forecasted, and we see that continuing. So you're going to wind up with probably more liquids, I think. I think with a little luck we'll get to it by year-end, but if not, certainly by the first quarter.
Stephen I. Chazen: I think the driver isn't the Permian. The Permian is well-managed. The question is the part that's not really in our control, which is some of the Middle East stuff. And, again, I think if we – effectively, if you put – it's not totally in our control because you have the issue with the not (43:57) foreign governments. So if we spend a little more or a little less, that really just affects the amount of – number of barrels we'll get back within six months. So that's about the only thing about the capital that I think is – what's within our control would be lower, effectively, than that, but there's a part of it that's really not in our control.
Stephen I. Chazen: Well, it just depends on what the price is. 12 is, I think, a reasonable guess for now, but we would – even in a more stable price environment, we would have a hard time at this point of the year in making a sensible outlook for next year. We could make one up, but I think it's hard to make sensible outlook for next year, even now, with the volatility of the prices. We're loath to say exactly what we're going to do. The intention is that we'd like – I think we can make – fairly straightforwardly make cash flow neutrality in a $60 environment. The question is can we make it in a $55 environment, and I just don't know that yet, but we're certainly going to try.
Stephen I. Chazen: You can't just run for the rest of your life outspending your cash flow. I mean, you can do it for a year, maybe two years, but that can't be a business model for any ongoing enterprise, although obviously there are companies that have been doing it for a decade, so.
Stephen I. Chazen: There'd be growth in the volumes. The reason we're investing is to grow the cash flow, so, yeah, it isn't going to be a flat volume situation. We have our own outlooks for the end of the year, what the fourth quarter production will look like, volumes, and the same thing with some view into the first quarter of next year. So I think, generally speaking, it isn't just what we have but also what we see. But I think also, I think the capital, the cracker expenditures will fall next year. Some of the midstream expenditures will fall. So the amount of capital, which doesn't add to volumes, will decline next year. So I think time we get through, I think, we're fairly close to where we need to be. I mean, we generated cash from operations in this past quarter about $1.5 billion before working capital changes. So you're talking about a $6 billion sort of run rate. Our capital spending next year would be well below the current $5.8 billion number. So it's pretty much in sight – you get a little improvement in chemicals and a few more dollars really in oil price. What's really held us back more than anything is probably NGL pricing. We weren't as negative as it turned out to be, so that's another area where I think we've been – we've been more disappointed, frankly, in NGL pricing than we have the oil pricing, which is very similar to our outlook.
Stephen I. Chazen: I need to grow production if I want to grow the dividend. I need to grow production if Vicki's going to attract the kind of employees she'd like to have. I think a stagnant business generates a stagnant workforce.
Stephen I. Chazen: As we look at DD&A, just to give you an accounting sort of answer, as you look to DD&A, you've got the historical costs when oil was $100 that are built up in there. We're adding at basically well below $15 currently, and so the finding cost currently, the incremental finding cost, is quite low. And so it just will take a while to roll through the old stuff, so it's probably going to take a couple of years or something to sort of get the bulk of the adds at the low F&D. So I think putting aside product price changes, you'll see a decline in the real finding costs over time.
Stephen I. Chazen: Yeah, I think that it's still in a heavy – and basically it's supportive of the Permian business. That's really what it does. And they're still really spending more money than they're taking in, because they continue to build out to support the production business. People talk – it doesn't make any sense to us, given our financials position, to do anything to increase the fixed charges against the rest of the business by selling debt-like instruments called MLP units that go against that and increase our fixed charges. Fixed charges are okay at $100 oil, but not so much fun in a $50 environment, and I think that's – people miss that, that – just like interest. So I think on the cash flow generation, right now it basically is neutral to maybe slightly negative, as they continue to build out either gas plants or pipelines. At some point I think it'll probably generate $400 million, $500 million a year in free cash flow, but I think we're probably a year or two from that.
