Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Rob. We are encouraged by the positive reception our 2020 Climate Report received following its release in December as well as the enthusiasm our low carbon strategy continues to generate. We understand that many of our stakeholders have a desire to learn more about our low carbon projects and the returns these projects will generate.  While we are not yet able to share the economics, we will have created partnerships to finance and deploy cutting-edge CCUS technology, which leverages our expertise and our tens of billions of dollars worth of CO2 infrastructure, assets and floor space. We are creating these cross-industry opportunities for others to invest alongside us to maximize the deployment pace and carbon removal impact. We look forward to sharing more information when possible.   As part of being a socially and environmentally responsible operator, we consistently make operational improvements in addition to working toward our net 0 goals. In the first quarter, we started a water recycling facility in the Midland Basin and began utilizing recycled water in our South Curtis Ranch development. In partnership with an industry-leading water midstream company, we were able to increase our water recycling efforts and lower cost. Recycling water has been a large focus of ours in New Mexico for several years, and we are pleased to have been able to expand this effort into Texas.   Before we begin the Q&A, I want to announce that in April, we became the first U.S. oil and gas company to commit to adopting the World Economic Forum's stakeholder capitalism metrics. This commitment will guide our process to incorporate the forum's metrics most relevant to our business into our environmental, social and governance reporting. We believe this is the appropriate framework to supplement our reporting on ESG progress, enhance transparency and strengthen our engagement with investors and other stakeholders.   We'll now open the call for your questions. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. I'll say that we don't have any concerns about being able to finance our first direct air capture facility. The first one where -- once we have both trains built, we'll be able to capture 1 million tons per year of CO2. So they're -- to us, there are no financing concerns. But it's helpful to -- when we can to generate some cash as we're building the facility. That's what that request was about. And if we could get that request, what that enables us to do is accelerate development of the next facility. So what we're trying to do is what I believe the CARB and others want to do, and that is accelerate our ability to be able to have a positive impact on the environment and also to be able to create value for our shareholders. We're trying to accelerate that where we can. And so we believe that we will be able to provide or obtain some funds either from that or potentially from some modifications that we think is critically important to 45Q because currently 45Q is a tax credit. If that were a direct pay to us for the carbon that we capture, that's another enabler that allows us to accelerate the construction of the technology, get that advanced faster and more built sooner. So there, we're looking at multiple ways to accelerate all that we're doing in the Permian with respect to direct air capture. 
Vicki Hollub: I think the changes that will come out will not impact current leases. I do believe that we'll be able to continue permitting on current leases. My concern is that there could be a moratorium, a longer-term moratorium on picking up additional leases. That would be bad for our industry. It would be bad for the United States. It would put our country in a position where we would likely have an even tougher time increasing production above where the United States is today.  As you know, we were at one point over 13 million barrels a day of oil production from the U.S. That's a scenario that gave us strength in world politics. It gave us the ability to completely supply our own oil and products domestically. We would not have to import very much at all at a 13 million barrel a day level because I believe our refining capacity is somewhere near 17 million. So we would have some capability to be almost completely independent.  With a moratorium on federal leases, that would really drive down our industry's ability to react. Now where we are in that, we've got 9.5 million acres of -- to develop in the U.S. And of that 9.5 million acres, I think only about 1.6 million are federal, and about half of that is offshore. So from a new lease standpoint, there are some companies that are in better positions than others, and we believe we are.  But what I'm advocating for is the industry and for the country because the other thing about this is some of this is being touted as a way to reduce emissions for the United States, which would be definitely a bad move because we are very prudent with what we're doing in United States compared to a lot of countries around the world. We've reduced emissions significantly in the U.S. and continue to push technologies to further reduce.  API, we're part of API, and a lot of companies within API have committed to a voluntary partnership where we're all working to share technologies and to help each other reduce emissions and to get the best available technology in place to address emissions and climate change. So I think that, for me, the biggest worry is not on existing leases. It's just the moratorium could be extended for a long time on picking -- or anybody picking up any new releases. 
Vicki Hollub: No. Our low carbon strategy is very connected to our CO2 enhanced oil recovery projects. And as we have mentioned before, we started working on this low carbon strategy because we wanted a more sustainable source for CO2 and a lower-cost CO2 for our enhanced oil recovery.  Where we're positioned today is incredibly exciting because in the Permian Basin, we have such a footprint of not only reservoirs, floor space and resources, we have the processing plants. We have the pipelines and all of that necessary to further accelerate development of additional 2 billion barrels in our conventional reservoirs. And this, we haven't even been able to calculate yet what we could get from CO2-enhanced oil recovery in the shale.  But doing that in the Permian, doing that in the DJ Basin and the Powder River, that sets us up for decades to come of generating new reserves and production from existing reservoirs. And so really, it's tied to that. It's tied to being able to create value for our shareholders through the extended production of more reserves than what can typically be produced out of conventional or unconventional resources.  For example, in conventional reservoirs, with CO2, you can get up to 70% or better recovery. And whereas with just primary development, normally, you get 20% to 25% at most. So we can get better than 70% with CO2 flooding. In the unconventional where most companies will tell you that you'll get, at most, 10% to 12% recovery of the hydrocarbons from the shale play, but with CO2-enhanced oil recovery, we've tested it, we've run 4 pilots, and we now know that we can potentially get 75% additional recovery or maybe even double it.  So we're sitting in a position now where we have a significant amount of future potential development. And we have it in the areas where we operate, the areas where we already have the infrastructure. So as we go forward, our incremental production and recoveries are just going to continue to be at lower and lower cost beyond the point where we were able to get these direct air capture facilities built.  But what's also going to help us there, too, and help further lower cost is executing on our NET Power technology, which we're also an equity investor in. NET Power is a process that generates a lower cost of electricity by combusting hydrocarbons with oxygen, and it therefore spits off a pure stream of CO2 that -- and no other emissions. So we can take that CO2 and use it in our reservoirs. So it's essentially a lower-cost, emission-free electrical generation process for us.  So we have a lot of ways as we go forward, and this is why we're incredibly excited, a lot of ways to get more oil out of the ground for lower cost. And so as we go forward, our cost structure will continue to decrease, not just from the debt reduction that Rob has talked about, but from the actual development and operations in the field.  And in addition to that, we will be able to provide aviation and maritime industries with a net carbon 0 oil. So we're going to be the solution for actually aviation and maritime, and that's why United wanted to join with us on building this first direct air capture facility. So it's exciting for us.  Sorry, if I'm talking too long on this. I'll stop here and see if you have anything else to ask, but it's exciting for us. And we're really looking forward to being able to talk more about this. And as I said in my script, we can't yet because we're in the middle of some processes and some discussions and interactions with others. But we hope that in the fall or close to the end of the year, we will be able to share more about it and get you a model that you'll be able to see and understand at that point. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. I would say that if I include the unsolicited offers that we've gotten, we currently have offers in hand that would get us well above the $2 billion minimum target. However, in this environment, we expect to -- that we would -- we'll meet the $2 billion. But whether or not we go above the $2 billion really depends on how the macro continues to look for us. And then everything that we're getting in and every divestiture that we have the potential to do, we always want to evaluate what it delivers for us versus what the cash flow in the future would generate.  So it's a value proposition for us. And it's also ensuring that -- the other part of the consideration is making sure that we have enough cash flow to meet our maturities, debt maturities and even to go beyond that to, as Rob was saying, to deal with the interest rate swaps and some other minor costs that we have. So it's all about lowering our cost structure, making sure that we maximize our higher-margin cash flow, keep that intact.  So we still have gone -- we have not announced any others that we have, but we do have a couple of -- several things actually in process, a couple that have a -- that are higher priorities for us to do. One is Ghana, as we've talked about it before. But because we have several processes running now, we feel comfortable that we'll get to the $2 billion. And then going beyond that, it's really going to be a preference based on -- and a decision based on the valuation. 
Vicki Hollub: I would just add to that. We had this great production profile right now. And with the production profile that we have, the chemicals business supporting it, that what we're really focused on is margin expansion. We have lots of opportunity for that, and that's what we're most excited about. So there will be continuing shareholder value growth through margin expansion. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes, you're right. There's more opportunities to continue to reduce our cost structure in both capital and OpEx. And one example I'll give is we went back recently and took a look at our drilling performance between 2015 up through what we're doing in 2021. And I can tell you, we rolled out our physics and logistics space, Oxy Drilling Dynamics in our domestic operations in 2015 and then rolled it out internationally in late 2016.  And I think I said before, we haven't seen an area where we've rolled this out that we haven't had about a 20% to 30% reduction in our cost. And the exciting thing in looking at our data today is we've decreased our drilling cost from $200 a foot back in 2015 to $135 a foot in 2021 for our global drilling. That's everything around the world.  And so we've individually pointed out the performance improvements in the Permian, but we've not only seen it in the Permian. We've seen it in the DJ, in the Powder River. And now Oman is seeing a lot of good things happening there by using this process, and it's proprietary to us. We developed it.  So it's making a difference. We've also started deploying it to the Gulf of Mexico and seeing some good things there that we'll be able to quantify and report on here in the near future.  So it's drilling. On the drilling side, it's still -- and I will say before I leave drilling, some people might say that you probably got all that. And right now, we're not improving. From 2019 to 2020, even in the downturn, we improved by 14% what we were doing there. So there's -- the improvement is happening even today. So far this year, we've improved by about 4% only 1 quarter into it. This is as we were picking up rigs. So this is -- what we're doing there is working. But also on the completion side, we're still setting records for how many fracs we can do in a 24-hour period, and so that's improving.  The other thing we're seeing is that our Permian team, the -- every one of them actually is continuing to work on the subsurface model. And this has been a point of extreme emphasis for us because of the variation in the shale play. So we started really enhancing our subsurface expertise about 6 or 7 years ago and working hard to get that to where we needed it to be.  We have some incredible people in-house that now do that work. And that -- what we've learned in the shale play, we've extended also to looking at conventional and to doing more with seismic. And part of that was driven by the good efforts that the Anadarko staff had accomplished and achieved with some of the 3D seismic. And our team, some of our domestic people started looking at how others were doing things and taking what others are doing and made it better.  So every phase of what we're doing, we're trying to do better. And we're seeing still continuing improvement. Oman is using what they call an Oxy jetting system where in existing wells, they can go in and jet with a process that ensures maximum contact with the reservoir through each phase of the jetting process, both in vertical and horizontal wells. That's delivering better recovery from the existing reservoirs, too. And to me, the more you can get out of the reservoir that you've developed, the better off you are and even better when you can go back into existing wells and get more out of those.  So I'm quite confident that we will continue on both the OpEx side and the drilling side, completion side and facilities to continue to lower our cost. Our teams are driven to do it and did it even during this pandemic and did it in a big way.  So I think in New Mexico, they -- in several of the areas that they worked really hard there, they lowered our breakeven on some of those areas by $10 a barrel. So all of that's incredibly encouraging for what we have going forward, considering the footprint that we have in the areas that we know the best. 
Vicki Hollub: Well, we -- the big step was to select our engineering and construction partner. We did. That's Worley. So the FEE process is ongoing now, front-end engineering. So we're working that now. We expect to have FID early next year and start construction by the end of next year.  So I don't see that there would be anything, barring some weird macro thing happen to us, that would change our schedule right now. Our teams are -- what they have done, our major projects team led by Ken Dillon, as -- along with Worley, they've put together a sub team that as the front-end engineering is happening, they're looking for ways to -- already ways to optimize the designs as they're in progress.  And so I'm really excited that the first one, I believe, is going to be surprising to some people in terms of its design and how we're going to be able to build it. There are some things already in process around deciding how do you do this on a -- at a faster pace and on a larger scale as we go forward. Some of that work is in place. But I do expect that there's -- that we will begin construction at the end of next year. And I don't see anything in the way of stopping that right now. 
Vicki Hollub: Part of it was driven by the ramp-up, and we will have our highest spend capital quarter next quarter. So if you average the 2, it's going to -- that's going to be -- first half spending will be about the same as second half spending, maybe slightly less.  But generally speaking, mover parts, this is a part of the start-up process. And then we had a little bit of a delay on some of our activities as a result of the storms. So some things moved from Q1 into Q2. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. Just to repeat, we're still in the engineering phase of that and still optimizing it. So we probably would not have that information until the end of this year. 
Vicki Hollub: I think that it's always important to not put yourself into a box to think that 5,000 feet's the right answer, 10,000 feet's the right answer. I really think that in all cases, you should do an engineering model. You should really look at what is the right design for maximizing recovery from the wells, and what does your acreage position allow? And what are the risk of drilling the 3 miles versus 1 mile or 10,000 feet?  So I think that there are cases where there may be situations and scenarios where longer lateral than 10,000. In fact, we drilled 15,000 ourselves. We did at least 1 or 2 of those. And we've drilled more than 10,000. In other cases, they didn't go all the way to the 15,000, but I think it really depends on the reservoir and all the things that you have to take into consideration against your acreage position, your full fill development plan, how you intend to complete it, how you intend to -- what kind of artificial lift you intend to use.  So there are a lot of variables involved. But I wouldn't -- I certainly wouldn't say that we would never consider doing our 15,000-foot wells again. It's always under evaluation, not only in the Permian, but anywhere we drill horizontal wells. So we wouldn't rule it out.  And with respect to CO2, CO2, we expect to use in both the conventional and the unconventional. And in the conventional alone, there's 2 billion barrels of additional resources that could be developed with what we expect to be much lower or no cost CO2 in the future. And the enhanced oil recovery of the shale as well. So we're excited about that. 
Vicki Hollub: I just want to thank you all for your participation and your questions today. Thank you, and have a great day. 
Robert Peterson: Sure, Dan, thanks. So our revised guidance, when you combine in operational achievements, did lower our breakeven, I would say, mid-$30 range on a WTI basis before the preferred dividend. Specifically, we give a range because it is influenced by a number of factors that you listed, including the cash flows, including the natural gas prices, realization for our products, divestiture timing and where chemicals and midstream falls in respect of earnings guidance. And obviously, this quarter, we were able to significantly improve our guidance on both the chemicals and midstream business, which has a material impact on that range.   In addition to that, as we take that organic cash flow and we can further improve the breakeven and doing things like I mentioned in my opening comments regarding interest rate swaps, where we retired the $665 million of notional value or $750 million notional value, that was $665 million at the end of the quarter, we're able to eliminate about $50 million of interest costs for the year using the current curve. So there's a lot of things that go into that.   In terms of forecasting out cash flow into the year, we don't forecast cash flow forward on that side of it. I think you can see a pretty representative quarter. It's a fairly clean quarter outside of a few things. And I think you can see -- illuminate the working capital and get an idea what kind of cash we would generate at similar prices moving forward. 
Robert Peterson: So I think that part of what is missing from that is certainly the CapEx and then also where, I would say the chemicals, their performance in Q1, as you can see in the guidance, is sustained throughout the year. The midstream inclusion in Q1 is more of a onetime event associated with winter storm Uri. So I think it's part of annualizing the Q1 numbers. That's what I would modify your analysis by. 
Robert Peterson: Yes. Sure, Neil. Happy to do that for you. So if you look at a typical first quarter, we historically see a somewhat significant draw in the first quarter because of the -- but it was certainly more sizable in the first quarter of this year.  When you go back to 2018, Q1 draw of about $700 million. In 2019, it was about $900 million. And for the opposite reasons for this quarter 2020, it was about $200 million draw because with price going the opposite direction, obviously, in March when the pandemic hit and with the price wars going on. So regardless, the $1.3 billion draw we experienced in the first quarter does and is exceptionally large. The majority of that was driven by the change in commodity prices. It was the timing difference between revenue recognition and cash received.  So at the end of 2020, WTI was about $48 a barrel, and it was $61 a barrel at the end of March. And so this price increase of 30% impacts both our AR balances and our inventory significantly, especially when you consider our midstream business and how many barrels are on the water at any given point in time. And even that's a bit exacerbated because we discussed a bit last time that Europe essentially has been shut down a significant cargoes of oil from the Gulf since the third quarter of last year. And as a result, we've had to change our mix or portfolio of export shipments, which are now, for the most part, heavily weighted to -- it's not exclusively related to shipments to Asia, which is longer voyages, more crude on the water longer because of the transit times.  And then obviously, compared to other years, we have a pretty modest capital budget. And so we're not creating a significant amount of payables or capital spending. And so when you look at it, it's a combination of the price impacts, coupled with all those first quarter events like the financial interest payments, the payments for property taxes, we made a significant contribution to the APC pension plan during the first quarter, and then -- so we put it all together, we do expect, as you pointed out, as receivables start to come in, that some of that will reverse as the year goes on. 
Robert Peterson: Again, it depends largely on what happen to the price going into the second quarter also. But we would expect it to. 
Robert Peterson: Yes. So absolutely, nothing happy to do than talk about our chemical business, which had an excellent start to the year. When you look at the chemical business, it has both some impacts from winter storm Uri, to some extent, but also because how winter storm Uri impacted the overall business itself.  And so chlor-alkali production struggled significantly in March post storm. If you think about Uri, it had a much wider impact than any individual hurricane we had in the past. And so you still have a lot of inspections, et cetera, going on, restarts going in the month of March. And that has extended into after a very difficult hurricane season last year. And so going into the end of 2020, we already had a pretty tight supply-demand balance in the second half of the year. And that was coupled with a pretty significant amount of demand. As you know, building products are in very high demand right now. So our PVC demand and margins were significant already going into the year.  And so if you look at our operating rates as the industry, they're only about 71.5% for the first quarter of '21, whereas last year, they were 89%. And so the combination of the stronger demand, coupled with the production off-line to start the year, has already tightened up an already tight supply-demand balance.  And so in the case of PVC, construction investment is very strong. Demand is expected to range strong, with the housing starts outlook, low mortgage rates, a lot of emphasis on remodeling, et cetera, right now that is driving PVC demand. So PVC demand domestically is up almost 5% compared to the same period in 2020, which drives down the amount of PVC that's actually being exported. And exports were actually down about 30% compared to the same period last year.  And so with resin tight in the domestic market, we're able to expand margins, just like we would in our commodity under a tight supply-demand balance. And then what we're seeing in the caustic soda business is whereas previously when we guided, we anticipated to start -- we're seeing caustic soda bottom, and we thought we would start to see improvements in the second half of the year, Uri has pulled that forward a bit. And so now we're seeing caustic soda prices improve in the second quarter as we move forward. So we're just getting more of that as the year goes on. And so we're expecting not only continued high margins in the PVC business and resilient demand through the balance of the year as construction continues to pull. I mean, PVC's really different. We're seeing prices of wood and everything else. We'll also see caustic soda benefit from that process at all.  And as Vicki mentioned, Oxy's significant amount of other derivatives beyond just PVC that we sell gives the company a lot more variability in the molecules that it can sell, produce additional caustic soda and produce additional value in other parts of the chlorine chain, which is going to expand our ability to increase the value delivered by the business. I just -- it's the reason why we talk about how much value is locked in the chemical business and why when people talk to us about the chemical business a lot of times and why we don't see something different with it is because it's just hard for people to grasp with a small commodity chemical business that can turn out these types of cash flow on this asset base. And it's really -- it's a remarkable business. 
Robert Peterson: Yes. It's around the $50 range. And if you look at the price decks that are being used by a lot of rate agencies, they're in the high 40s right now to look to close to $50. They're not -- so they don't move their price decks with the current environment of being in the mid- to high -- low 60s. And so that makes a significant difference on where that breakeven location is at.  And so is it exactly 20 -- $10 billion? Obviously, there's a lot of different things to factor, as I indicated in my remarks, but it's somewhere in the neighborhood of that. It's somewhere -- other things will go into that. It could mitigate it to be a little higher than that would be possible or even a little lower than that. But obviously, there's a lot of things that go into it, but it's somewhere in that range.  So even though that you can probably move forward and get pretty close to that or lower that 3x in your model for the second half of the year. But by the end of the year, based on -- if current oil prices were to continue, it's not that price deck that we're going to be considered for investment-grade. 
Robert Peterson: Yes. So Jeanine, I would say that, obviously, as with Vicki's remarks, we're squarely focused on the leverage reduction right now and looking at opportunity to get down to that investment-grade type level. Embodied in that is going to be using the proceeds, both from the free cash flow from the business, using the proceeds from divestitures that take place and combine those 2 things together to reduce the cost -- what we have outstanding. And that can be through a host of different things, as I discussed on remarks, between what we're evaluating near term on the ability to put that cash to work to reduce debt.  That conversation will eventually rotate over into medium-term priorities, focusing on the dividend. But we haven't established a policy on what the dividend might look like. It's going to need to be sustainable, as we've indicated in our priorities. So it could be a combination of something that's fixed and some variable component. We haven't decided on that at this point. But that conversation will come at the -- after we made more progress on our debt reduction. 
Robert Peterson: And I think I'd just add to that. I mean, it's just -- I think that when you hear about all the exciting things underlying the business that Vicki talks about, and I know externally that the thesis of paying down debt seems incredibly boring for an external thesis. That's part of the reason why we're working so hard and committed to this and getting it behind us, so that, truly, that we can focus on the story of the company being beyond that, and what is going to be.  We do fully expect that when debt goes down, it will translate into equity value, in the total enterprise value, which is good for our shareholders. But we understand that talking about reducing debt doesn't seem to suit wholly exciting. But there's something exciting going on. And at times, we miss the fact of all the great things that we continue to break through what we thought was the best we could do before, we've been successively since the acquisition. 
Robert Peterson: Highest spend. And you can see that with Permian, where we only spent a couple of hundred million in the first quarter of its $1.2 billion. So you can definitely see that. 
Robert Peterson: Sure, Leo. I think if I understand what you're saying, if you look at the first quarter, we beat our guide by $234 million. And then we raised the full year outlook $200 million. So basically, last quarter to this quarter, we're expecting a deterioration of about $34 million on the remaining 3 quarters.  And basically, what's driving that is our view on gas differentials and on our oil export differentials. So if you look at -- and I think we talked about this a bit before, when differentials collapse, that helps our upstream business because realizations get better, but it hurts our midstream business. And so that's the piece you have going on. So most of the benefit of the Q1 rolls through to the year, and then you get a little bit of change for the remaining quarters, primarily driven by that differential collapsing. 
Robert Peterson: Vicki, I can kind of tag team this a little bit. But I would say -- so first of all, the working fluid and the direct air capture unit is caustic potash, not caustic soda. So it's AOH, not NaOH, but we haven't disclosed utilization or what that first fill volume might be or like the first direct air capture unit moving forward. 
Robert Peterson: Another thing I would mention to you is the other piece is the majority of the infrastructure inside the actual direct air capture unit is also PVC, which obviously, there's a synergy with the OxyChem business on the amount of PVC that goes inside the direct air capture unit. 
