Vicki Hollub: While much has changed during this pandemic for our Company and our industry, the quality of our asset base and the skills of our teams will support our success as we move into 2021 and beyond. We’ll continue to apply and build our knowledge, continuously improve our track record of operational excellence. While our development activity has slowed down in recent months, our teams have worked diligently to further advance our development technologies and technical operations to ensure we emerge from this challenge, stronger than before. We still have work to do, but the foundation has been laid for us to further improve our balance sheet as we exploit our portfolio of world-class assets. The innovation and ingenuity of our workforce, combined with our differentiated low-carbon strategy will drive our success and sustainability long into the future. Before we turn to the Q&A section of our call, I’d like to announce that we have set a target to reach net-zero emissions associated with our operations before 2040 and an ambition to achieve net-zero emissions associated with the use of our products by 2050. Through the work Oxy Low Carbon Ventures, we expect our leadership in developing innovative technologies and services for carbon capture and sequestration will also help others achieve their net-zero goals, extending our impact well beyond our own emissions footprint. More detailed information will be available in our climate report, which we intend to release by the end of the month. I’ll now open the call for your questions.
Vicki Hollub: Okay. On our onshore operations, part of the opportunity for us to further increase our uptime was associated with some of the WES infrastructure where we have done some things to improve working with the WES organization. We’ve done some things to improve the operability, one of which was to just start working the electrical system so that when storms do occur as they occur frequently in the Permian Basin, in particular, that the electrical infrastructure was such that we could easily identify issues as they occur and address them and ultimately start to isolate them so that we could, number one, lower the number of wells that -- and volume of production that’s impacted any given issue or scenario, and then to also try to ensure that besides isolation of issues that we could get to the wells and get them up sooner. So, that’s been one thing. It’s just working the facilities to have more reliability around the infrastructure. And secondly, it’s the operability in terms of making sure that our prioritization and reaction to wells down and facilities down was optimized and that we were focusing on the things that really matter the most. Then, the third thing was ensuring that when we’re out getting the wells on that we’re doing it in the most efficient way possible. So, I think that onshore, we made significant progress. And we called out the DJ Basin where they’ve made tremendous progress. And progress has also been made in the legacy Anadarko areas within the Permian too. On the Oxy side, we didn’t have a high downtime. So, the downtime that we’ve worked has been mostly associated with legacy Anadarko, and the teams have done a great job to address it. I don’t know that we have a lot more upside, but every time I say that, I get kind of fooled on that. Our team responds. But, I think, the uptime in the areas that we focused on has increased significantly, and the remaining is in those areas where we’ve had to do some more work. It’s just we’re scheduling out over time to ensure that we can get the hardening, like for the electrical system, done and done in the right way. So, there will be a little bit more. But, I think, we’ve probably seen the bulk of that.
Vicki Hollub: Thanks for the question, Devin. As you mentioned, we have been a leader in this. We’re very committed to this and excited about it because this for us is a win-win-win. This not only helps us to help the world by reducing CO2 out of the atmosphere, it will help our shareholders too by lowering our cost of enhanced oil recovery in the Permian and in other places as we advance this out. And thirdly, this helps others because we’re going to be able to expand beyond our own operations to give opportunities to those industries that can’t otherwise lower their carbon footprint, they can partner with us to do it. So, what we’ve done is, we formed a subsidiary called 1PointFive. And 1PointFive is a partnership and company formed between Oxy Low Carbon Ventures and Rusheen Capital. And we formed that to ensure that we have the best possible way to deploy large-scale direct air capture using carbon engineering technology, but to do it in a way that provided others the opportunity to invest, and minimizes the actual dollars that we spend because of what we’ve invested thus far. And what we bring to the table for this kind of project is the floor space. We bring the floor space that’s going to be required for the ultimate sequestration of the CO2, and we bring the infrastructure. Nobody has an infrastructure the size of the infrastructure that we have in the Permian. So, it’s extensive, and it’s going to be key to helping us develop this and to do it at a cost that delivers returns for Oxy, Rusheen and the other investors who want to come in and be a part of this. So, we’re very, very excited about it. I’ll point out that we’re beginning this in the Permian, where we’ll build the largest direct air capture facility that’s currently anywhere in the world. But our use of this, we expect to go beyond the Permian. We expect to go from the Permian, the Powder River, DJ and ultimately internationally. So, it’s something that is going to become, we believe, a significant business for Oxy over the next few years. And in 10 to 15 years, we expect that the cash flow and earnings from a business of this type could be similar or more than what we get from the chemicals business. This is something that the world needs without us pushing it, without others doing this, there’s no way that the world could achieve a cap on global warming of 1.5 or 2 degrees. So, it’s something that has to happen, needs to happen. But, unless you can make it a business, unless you can make it profitable, it’s likely not to happen. So, our teams have been very strategic with this and innovative in the way they’ve approached it. And certainly, the passage of 45Q was a big step for us to be able to make this happen in a way that will enable us to over time improve the technology, lower the cost and operating efficiency, so that this becomes ultimately profitable without tax incentives, and so just like solar and wind has done in the past. So, we are excited about it and expect it to take off. And so for us, the 2021 investment in terms of capital from Oxy would be minimal.
Vicki Hollub: It’s really hard to tell at this point because our teams are continuing to improve deliverability from the wells. So, a lot of it will depend on when we can actually get the wells on. We’ve got some frac crews already working with us now, so. And we’re setting records actually. So, I’d say currently, it’s going better than expected. But, whether we’ll be flat or up in Q1, I think, is a little too early for us to tell right now as we resume higher activity levels.
Vicki Hollub: Yes. Paul, with respect to your question on the capital, we would view $2.9 billion, our sustaining capital to be a maximum capital for 2021, even if prices are higher than we expect. And, we take more into account than just strip oil prices. We look at what’s driving the oil prices and what is the sustainability. For example, while some may have thought a quarter or so ago that prices by the -- by this time would be higher than -- much higher than $40. I heard people talking about that. We never believe that because we were looking very closely at the fundamentals and what’s happening around the world with inventories and demand and things like that. So we’re very cautious about just basing our program on strip prices and/or what some might say they believe about near-term prices. So, we will go into 2021 conservatively. We’ll recommend to the Board a capital that would allow us to balance cash flows coming in. And so, if that ends up resulting in a scenario where we can recommend sustaining capital to the Board, we’ll do that. If not, if we’re going to be in a scenario where we need to be lower than that, then that’s something that we’ll discuss with the Board. But certainly, you can view the $2.9 billion as a cap. And our flexibility that we were talking about was to flex down, if necessary, just as we did in 2020. And you saw the magnitude of flexing -- of how we can flex down. And it’s always easier to decrease activity than to do a last minute increase in activity. And one of the things that’s important to us is to allow the teams to ramp up activity in a safe, efficient way and doing it in a planned way, as we have been, gives our teams the chance to be successful as they have been. They’ve brought rigs on and achieved the same efficiencies that we had when we ramp down. And it’s a credit to them and the way they plan and the way they work and the way they try to ensure that as they’re bringing activity back up, if they first and foremost, do it safely; and secondly, don’t lose efficiency in the process. And that’s almost unheard of in our industry to have a major shutdown and then to start bringing rigs back online and having this kind of efficiency that we’re seeing from our teams now. So, we’re really, really happy with that. But, the reality is that we will spend within our 2.4 to 2.6 budget this year with this increased activity, and then we’ll see if we can reach the cap of $2.9 billion in 2021.
Vicki Hollub: Well, Permian is still our best asset and our other oil assets around the world. We don’t have any intention at this point to do any gas and build investment -- pure gas and build investment in the U.S. And our gas assets that we very much value, Al Hosn and Dolphin in the Middle East are important to us but we wouldn’t do -- there is nothing new investments that we need to make in those at this point. So certainly, our investment dollars will go to oil.
Vicki Hollub: We have high confidence that we’ll achieve that because we’re looking at the efficiencies that our teams are achieving on the capital efficiency side and also the well deliverability. So, at this point, we do have high confidence that we’ll meet our sustaining production with the $2.9 billion.
Vicki Hollub: So, the production volume that we average for Q4 is going to be the number that we try to sustain into 2021. We’ve taken into account the downtime for maintenance.
Vicki Hollub: Today, we’re well below $40 in our sustaining -- or in our breakeven capital. But, it’s well below $40. When you talk about breakeven capital, if you’re looking at it on a quarterly basis, the well below $40 is because of our current level of CapEx, which is below sustaining. So, going into 2021, we would expect to be in the high-30s in terms of breakeven price before the payment of the preferred.
Vicki Hollub: The sustaining capital, this is a sustaining capital for 2021. We’ll have to look at 2022 when we get there. But, 2022 will be dependent on the efficiencies that we build in 2021 and the deliverability of the program that we’re developing. And so, we’ll look at that more starting in midpoint of 2021. So, we’ll be able to provide you something more on that as we get closer to the 2022 program. What’s happening to it now and what’s both, exciting but creates a little bit of an uncertainty is the more we learn about the Anadarko assets, for example, the Silvertip area is really delivering incredible results for us. And then, the record-setting well there was a record -- it broke Oxy’s record for the Permian Basin. And so, now that is our record. And so, as we continue to improve well deliverability, we’ll just have to look at what it means for our sustaining capital going forward.
Vicki Hollub: Okay. I’ll begin with the comment about OxyChem. No, this would not replace OxyChem. It wouldn’t make OxyChem something that we would want to divest because our OxyChem business really is very synergistic with what we’re trying to do in Oxy low-carbon ventures. And in fact, some of the OxyChem employees are associated with the development of this direct air capture. Because one of the two things about the direct share capture facility is that, one, it uses a lot of PVC, which OxyChem makes or uses the -- provides the products to make. Second thing is that potassium hydroxide is a chemical that’s used in the direct air capture process, and we’re the…
Vicki Hollub: Exactly. And Rob, that’s what differentiates us from others because if you look at what the Europeans are doing to lower their carbon intensity, the carbon footprint, they are getting into alternatives, into renewables. And so, we are doing a contrarian approach and that we believe that in using our core competence of CO2 enhanced oil recovery expertise is the best way to go, rather than trying to go learn a new business. And in fact, to Rob’s point about how much this is needed in the world and why it’s going to be a huge industry going forward is that right now, globally, there’s only 40 million metric tons of CO2 per year that’s sequestered or used. And if you look at what the IEA model says about what’s going to be needed, what’s going to be needed is anywhere from 5.6 billion metric tons to 10.4 billion metric tons. So, that’s up to -- that’s going to be more than 250 times what we’re doing today is going to be needed in the future. And so, that’s going to make this business incredibly important. The IEA model is not the only one that’s calling for this level of carbon capture and sequestration for us to be able to cap global warming at 1.5 to 2 degrees. Almost -- in fact, I have not seen a model that didn’t say that significant carbon capture was going to be required. The other thing about this carbon capture too is that when you look at it, it does the same thing. The equipment does the same thing as trees, but it requires -- it’s a much smaller footprint on the planet earth. It’s much smaller. So, while I love trees and we need trees, carbon capture is important. I think Rob’s point is huge in that we can put this anywhere. And what was kind of holding us up previously is that our first -- when we first started thinking about this 10 years ago, we thought we’d have to put carbon capture facilities on industrial sites. And getting the CO2 that’s captured from the industrial site to the Permian was a challenge. And so, we were trying to figure out how do we build the pipeline or how do we do that. And we’re going to do some of that. Some of that will happen because the industries along the Gulf Coast and other hubs where there’s a lot of CO2 emissions, they need to put either direct air capture there or somewhere or capture on their facilities. So, with respect to what other technologies are we thinking about, we had already signed an agreement with Wide Energy to carbon capture on an ethanol plant. So, that’s one thing that we will be doing to help them. But, if you put direct air capture in the Permian, it’s still going to help the emissions in the Gulf Coast because generally, the emissions around the world balance out over time. So, as Rob said, we can put it when we’re done with the initial installations in the Permian, the DJ and the Powder, we can put it in Oman; we can put it in Abu Dhabi; we can put it in Algeria. So we can do it anywhere we are, and/or at partners’ facilities.
Vicki Hollub: I think, that it’s going to take more than what we’ve said with respect to the divestitures that’s happening now and next year, and more than cash flow from Q4 of 2021 to get us to where we need to be. I do believe prices will be much healthier in 2022. And that’s where we’ll start to balance our cash flow with respect to using it for -- to meet our maturities and to advance maturity -- pay off early maturities where we can. We intend to ensure that our focus is on getting our leverage down. And we’ll have -- we’ll just have to see where prices are at that time, where cash flow is at that time. But, it’s still well into early 2022, at least, our cash flow priorities will remain the same, where first the priority is to maintain our reduction and our base facilities; second is debt reduction. So, the debt reduction will be the second priority for a good while now, I think.
Vicki Hollub: I’d expect that the gas oil ratio with the continuing development program would be more stable. This decline -- this increase -- the slight increase in gas is partly due to the fact that we weren’t adding new production. During this time, our wedge production was so much lower than what it would normally be. So, we don’t expect that this is going to be an ongoing issue for us. With respect to the assumption of what OxyChem and Midstream will be, we haven’t guided to that. But, we’re optimistic about how the chemicals business is going to look next year, depending on the COVID situation. And so, we’re not guiding anything right now. But, we do believe that there is going to be progress made. We just don’t know what the timing will be. And, when that happens, we believe the chemicals business is going to do that back pretty well from this.
Vicki Hollub: So, Roger, our belief around what’s happening or what will happen with respect to the regulatory environment is first of all, we don’t think that it’s going to be the highest priority of the administration as they take over and start executing their plans. I believe that there’s going to be other things that are much more urgent for President -- soon-to-be President, Biden, to take on. So, I don’t -- we don’t expect any near-term impact on either Gulf of Mexico permitting or anything onshore. We believe this gives us time to start working with his staff. And, we’ve always stayed engaged with the EPA and the BLM, and we have great relationships with them. And so, what we want to do is we want to be a part of the solution to what they’re going to need to do to meet the needs of their constituency. And that is, I know they’re going to want more regulations; I know they’re going to want a deeper focus on permitting and where the permits are, what’s happening, what is the safety of what’s happening and what’s the impact on the environment. And I think, this is an opportunity for us to be collaborative, like we always are. I think, our Company has developed this as a core competence that because of some of the areas that we’ve operated in around the world, if you look back, I hate to mention country names, so I’ll hold it, but we had previously worked in some very, very challenging countries where collaboration, lots of patience but persistence is really required to help get to the point that’s reasonable for both the Company and wherever we’re operating. And here, we’ll use the same thing. We know that the BLM has a lot of great people. They’ve been very helpful as we’ve gone through our developments, both offshore and onshore U.S. And so, we know the competency of the people there. And that part of it won’t change. We’ll just be aggressive in the way we address it.
Vicki Hollub: I just want to say thanks to all of you for joining our call today. We appreciate it. And have a great day.
Rob Peterson: Sure, Jeanine. Thanks for the question. There is really three big pieces that drove the significant working capital draw in the quarter. Number one is combination of cash interest payments. Majority of our cash interest payments come due the first and the third quarters. So, that was a big piece of it. Another piece was acquisition-related payments that were processed. And then, finally was just the timing of international crude sales in our marketing business. So, as we move forward, we do expect the marketing to improve as we reduce inventories towards the end of the year, certainly be a lower amount of the cash interest payments associated in the fourth quarter. And we won’t have the associated acquisition-related payments that drove a big piece that will happen in Q3. Directionally, we would expect a significant change in direction on working capital in Q4.
Rob Peterson: And Paul, just to close out on your capital accrual question. Your intuition I think in your question is spot on, and so, you can actually see in the capital accrual in the third quarter, which is slightly positive. As activity levels pick up, the capital accrual will reverse itself from what it did when we sharply reduced activity coming out of the first quarter. So, your intuition is correct on that.
Rob Peterson: I think that portability of the DAC value is that as you can imagine, the transportation and compression of the CO2 molecule is not inexpensive infrastructure. So, now you can move the infrastructure to the reservoir and collect it from the air. And I think, underlying it, why we believe it will be commercially viable long term is because in order to achieve the 1.5 degree goal, it can’t simply be done through emission reduction. We firmly believe it has to be done through the capture and sequestration or capturing usage of CO2 to make that goal a reality. And I think, what differentiates Oxy’s approach to this is, we also believe that fossil fuel will have a role in the energy portfolio of the world long term. And this is a way to take the carbon footprint of those fossil fuels, keep them part of the portfolio and still generate a low, neutral, even negative carbon fossil fuel molecule.
Rob Peterson: Hey Brian, I don’t think we caught the last part of your question. I just want to make sure that we address it and we answer there.
Rob Peterson: Yes. We obviously have the Wide Energy project, which is an ethanol capture in Texas. We’re doing already that we’ll capture from the CO2 emissions from the Wide Energy’s ethanol facilities. And we’ll take those into the Permian for use in EOR.
Rob Peterson: Yes. Roger, good question. And absolutely, I think, we’ll continue to take a very thoughtful approach towards the management of debt between timing of divestitures and proceeds from the balance sheet and attacking those. And so, it certainly wouldn’t be surprising for us to access the market again at some point and start moving those out in a similar way that we did in the third quarter with the $5 billion in raises that we did. We’re trying to be very thoughtful about those access to market when it’s opportunistic for the Company to do so, and then also, looking at -- continuing that runway for us so that we can get the best value for our divestitures. And, we’ve done a good job now to make sure that as we approach the divestitures, we’re not in a position where we have to do under a specific time frame. And we’ll continue to give the Company that leeway, and so that we can get the best value for the divestitures as they occur. So, absolutely, we’ll be not waiting until the last moment to address the ‘22 maturities.
Rob Peterson: And I think, also on that too, what I would add is, in addition to the relationships that we’ve built over in the history of working 100 years as a company with the federal -- different administrations is from a pure holding standpoint, we’re in very good shape, even with a different approach. We’re the largest leaseholder in the Gulf of Mexico. With respect to the onshore, which is -- since we have 1.6 million acres that are on federal land, have onshore have in the Gulf within the APC Delaware stuff and none of that is on federal lands that we purchased; from the biggest onshore exposures in the Powder River Basin, where we have very little activity. And in the case of New Mexico, we have well over 200 permits already in hand and a couple of hundred permits in the works. And so, we have a significant drilling inventory in New Mexico already.
