Vicki A. Hollub: Yes, Evan, to begin I'd like to refer you to slide 23. What we've done really is planned our programs over the next few years to – based on actually the strip prices. Although we actually believe that prices ultimately will be higher than the strip, we don't expect prices to really recover much until very late this year or maybe early next year and recover only to slightly above the curve. But based on the cash that we have on hand and what we project our situation will be over the next few years, we do expect to be able to make it through this cycle and get back to reasonable oil prices and secure our dividend throughout this entire process. We're organizing our plans and our activities around that. And the good thing about our portfolio is we have the flexibility to ramp up and down as necessary to ensure that we meet our priorities. And as we said, the top priority is just the maintenance and safety of our operations and then we're going to pay the dividend and we've got the cash to do that. And generally, the way we look at it is we can use our cash flow from operations to cover our capital programs and part of our dividends over some of the years. And then what can't be covered by our cash flow from operations, we'll certainly use the strength of our balance sheet to cover that. So we don't see a threat to our dividend going through this cycle.
Vicki A. Hollub: Yeah, I'd say that we never want to get away from what we truly are as a company and that's what I stated in here, is that we're very much a, on the oil and gas side of the business, an EOR type company and a company that looks for the longer life reserves like Al Hosn that provide cash flow. That would be like Al Hosn and Dolphin. So what we'll be looking at is are the assets that have the longer life reserves. We're very proud of our shale position and we think that the work we've done over the last few years has certainly proved it up to be an asset that we want to take full advantage of. But currently our shale production is less than 20% of our total company production. And we don't really want it to ever be much higher than that because we feel like to have the asset base we have, that's part of the reason we'll be able to make it through this cycle with our current low declines. So that's sort of asset we'll be looking for.
Vicki A. Hollub: I'll start that but then let Jody add onto it. We actually were fortunate to be in the process of some development programs in key areas where we were kind of into a manufacturing mode. We already have the infrastructure installed. And so that's what's making our current program so economical and what we feel like is the right thing to continue to develop during this cycle. And Jody can add to that.
Vicki A. Hollub: One of the things that we'd like to continue to consider is adding to our position in Permian EOR. We have the infrastructure there that really can't be duplicated by any other companies. We've got the 12 gas processing plants, 1,900 miles of pipeline and operate two CO2 source fields. So we have the infrastructure in place to continue expansion of our EOR operations in the Permian. And that would be for us one of our higher priorities. In addition, we see opportunities in Colombia to continue our work there. We this past year signed an agreement to develop another couple of water floods there. We think that's going be a good opportunity for us going forward. And in addition, in our three core areas in the Middle East, those are the kind of opportunities that we would continue to look for.
Vicki A. Hollub: Currently we're continuing with our operations in Bahrain, and we are working with our partners there to lower our exposure. But in Iraq we're progressing with the terms of the exit according to our contract terms. So we should be winding down in Iraq and that's going to be transferred to one of the national oil companies. So we will be out of there by we're hoping mid-year. Yemen, that's pretty much our contracts have expired and we're reducing our exposure in the one area that we currently have and expect to be able to exit that by mid-year as well. So everything is progressing. In Libya we're not quite to the point where we have been able to develop a specific exit strategy and specific steps because of the uncertainties around that process with the government, but we have stopped our capital investment in Libya and we're only spending the funds necessary to maintain the operation safely.
Vicki A. Hollub: Really in 2017 our only committed capital is the $100 million, and so we do expect the $500 million to be reduced to $100 million. And the rest of our capital program will be based on what we see with respect to oil prices. But nothing committed other than the $100 million and the maintenance capital that we'll need to allocate.
Vicki A. Hollub: Permian Resources is a challenge because our teams keep improving so much there. The efficiency gains they've made over the last couple of years has just been incredible. And Jody and I were talking about that this morning, and the reason we gave the range of two to four is we used to think that it would take more than four rigs to offset our decline. But we're certainly convinced now that with the efficiency gains we're having and particularly the way that Jody and his team are starting to develop the fields, we think it could be less than that. Jody, I'll let you provide some additional color on that.
Vicki A. Hollub: First of all, Paul, I'd like to address the comparison to other companies. One of the things that we've been able to do in the Permian versus others is we've been there for a long, long time. So we've got a lot more data than other companies and we're doing more with that data. We have a lot of 3D seismic. We have, in addition to the 3D seismic, we have more than 20,000 wells from which we have data. So, and we have 4,400 outside operated wells. And I know you've heard all those numbers from me before, but we're really taking that data and taking it to the next level. We have a team that works with our resources team. And our resources team, I just have to say is incredibly efficient in what they've been able to do and to drive the drilling costs down, the completion optimization and all the things that Jody's talked about, they've done a great job. It's just been incredible. But in addition to that, the team supporting them from a downhole science standpoint is our exploitation team which takes all that data that we get from every well. And we utilize every bit of data we can, not only applying data analytics to it but taking a lot more data than the other people have access to. I think we still have the only horizontal core in the Permian. We're doing much more modeling around geomodeling and learning more about the thermal maturity and the migration of the hydrocarbons. So I think that's really helped here recently to make a big difference in the improvement of the resources wells.
Vicki A. Hollub: The returns for the Permian EOR business, we have for Permian EOR a cash cost right now that's less than $20 and our DD&A is less than $10. We're continuing to drive that down. Expect that to go lower this year. So in our Permian EOR business, currently we can flex that around a bit by developing some of these ROZ developments which Jody mentioned in his presentation. Some of those developments get down as low as $3 on the F&D side. So we have a range of opportunities in the Permian EOR business that we can develop. Some of the ROZ developments that go down to an F&D of $3, those are fairly limited in size. So what we always try to do is blend the bigger projects that maybe have the $8 or $9 or $10 F&D with the smaller projects to get a blend of all of those. And on the Resources side, certainly our costs have been coming down there. The operating cost is down much lower than it was. The DD&A for our Resources business currently is higher because of the infrastructure that you always install up front. But the F&D costs, development costs on a per BOE basis is coming down. To tell you a number of where that's going to be, I think I'd hate to prematurely forecast something that I'm sure the teams are about to beat, but we're continuing to lower our costs in Resources.
Vicki A. Hollub: Yeah the Resources side I would say that we're in the total cash cost range of about $13 to $14. And we're working when we get our full development costs in line, our DD&A on the Resources side will be in the $10 range.
Vicki A. Hollub: I just wanted to say I don't think we fully answered Paul's question. So to get back to that, in the EOR business with our cash costs and our DD&A of around $24 to $25, and then the Resources business, our cash costs and DD&A in the neighborhood of $22 to $23. That's basically about half of the price we're seeing on the strip, as Chris had said. Generally that delivers for us of about a 50% rate of return. So I just wanted to close with that.
Christopher G. Stavros: Yeah, Doug, I'll just follow up on what Vicki said. I think what she said is right. I think in addition to that, we're going to have to look at it on a return basis and clearly the goal over time will be to reduce the share count as it will help us fund the dividend and fund growth of the dividend over time. So I do still view, we still view share repurchases as important over time and a reduction of the share base over time. So we'll look at opportunities opportunistically to go ahead and do that. And it's just going to sort of depend on where things are, vis-a-vis the stock price and other opportunities that may come up for capital.
Christopher G. Stavros: Sure. Thanks Phil. On the guidance, just to make it comparable for you to reconcile it, I mean the way I would think about it is that you've got the Piceance in the US that we'll exit or it would be sold and close this quarter. So that will come out of the system. And then there is production in there for Bahrain as well. So combined, I would tell you that it probably amounts to about 50,000 to 60,000 BOE per day on a like-for-like basis, that to adjust for sort of our ongoing core production for the guidance that I gave for the full year of 2016. So that would be the reconciliation.
Christopher G. Stavros: Well whatever that level is, we don't plan to take it there. So that's one of the reasons that we maintain a strong balance sheet, that it allows us to pay the dividend and not be overly concerned about it. And I think our view is that we sort of take a measure of offense on this and sort of view ourselves as competitively advantaged as an investment vehicle within the sector. So you keep a strong balance sheet with low debt because you're a dividend payer and having a lot of debt as a company in this sector, just the two don't mix. So that's sort of how we view it.
Christopher G. Stavros: Basically you've got positive cash margins here at the strip for the Permian Resources and EOR for sure, Paul. I mean that's the way I would think about it.
Christopher G. Stavros: Yeah, the Bakken reserves were very small. I mean at the end of the day, I mean we didn't sell. These are sort of, I mean that we took down the PUDs basically in the domestic part of the business.
Jody Elliott: Yeah, building on Vicki's comment there, this is some of our best areas but we really are leveraging more than just the best rock. It's the infrastructure that we've already invested in. There's good rock in all of those tranches of inventory. It's just the maturity of our development plans in some of those areas aren't quite as far along, so we would not develop those until we get those development plans further matured. And that's one of the focus areas we had this year is to move more of that inventory to the left side of that chart.
Jody Elliott: I think one of the biggest levers is multi-bench development, ensuring that the field development plans allow us to economically develop more than one good bench at a time. And so that's part of the redeployment effort of our technical staff to figure out multi-bench to drive better utilization of our infrastructure costs in those areas. That will be the biggest thing to move them to the left.
Jody Elliott: No, that's clearly correct, Vicki. Every day our teams amaze us with new drilling records, new production records. So predicting that exact rig count to keep production flat kind of changes month to month.
Jody Elliott: It's really about all the things you mentioned. It's drilling performance. It's well completion performance. I think the biggest gains we've had this year is the integration of our subsurface understanding into that execution activity as well, keeping wells in zone, keeping them in the sweet spot, engineering frac designs differently, optimizing cluster spacing, optimizing sand concentrations. All those things I think lead us to being able to do more with less, not just drilling days and drilling cost.
Jody Elliott: I mentioned multi-bench. I think that's one. I think the other is really optimizing infrastructure, both our internal infrastructure and working with others to take advantage of infrastructure in the two different basins.
Jody Elliott: I think the majority of that improvement is organic. We've gotten price improvements and we worked that part of the equation hard. But most of it is boots on the ground, engineering geoscience work, time to market improvement, integrated project planning, all those things internally which gives me high confidence that it's sustainable going forward.
Jody Elliott: And I think to build on Vicki's comments, we recently held what we called a cost stand-down day where we took the entire company and stopped and said let's get creative. Let's get innovative on how we improve our business. We focused on SG&A. We focused on capital costs. We focused on operating expense. We focused on development opportunities and there's literally thousands of ideas that we have vetted and are currently vetting and that gives me even more confidence that we can move that hurdle breakeven lower for a number of these areas.
Jody Elliott: Yeah. John, that's a great question. We're really encouraged by the recent results with upsizing our fracs in the Bone Spring in New Mexico. But when you look at field development maturity and our infrastructure maturity, the Wolfbone has just got a jump start on that over on the Texas side. So early in the year, we'll be in the Wolfbone where we can take advantage of that infrastructure and as we get the field development plans matured in the Bone Spring area, incorporate more of the appraisal data that we've captured over this last year to ensure that we're as efficient as possible when we do put the rig back in New Mexico.
Paul Sankey: Hi. Good morning everybody. Again going back to the efficiencies, you said fairly clearly that it was reliability, productivity, optimization. Can you first try and strip out how much of the performance improvement has simply been lower oil prices and how much is organic, and sustainable? And secondly, could you highlight or contrast how you're differentiated from others in the Permian in any of those themes? Thanks a lot.
Paul Sankey: Right. And you think it can continue as well, I think you've said. You've talked about returns that are relatively low, what seems to be a fairly low view of the oil price for the rest of the year and beyond, even. Can you talk about what you think the breakeven price is for you guys for your returns in the Permian? And I'm aware that you've got both EOR, which is presumably a different answer from the unconventional. And then could you – I'll stop going on – but could you then also talk about how you compare to other companies in your view? Thanks.
Paul Sankey: Yeah, I mean it's just really interesting to everyone because obviously we see it as the marginal, arguably the marginal cost of oil.
