Joseph Elliott: Thank you, Cedric, and good morning, everyone. And thank you, Vicki for your restraint during your opening highlights on our well results in the Permian. Thanks to our team's efforts, we had some basin-leading well results to share with you. Across our domestic business, we're delivering more production with less cost to generate growth and value towards our breakeven plan. As Vicki mentioned, we attribute this success to our differentiated value-based development approach. Our Permian Resources New Mexico team delivered record-breaking well results across multiple benches in the Greater Sand Dunes area as shown on Slide 14. During the quarter, our team put on a total of 7 wells in the Greater Sand Dunes area with 30-day production rates that averaged approximately 3,750 BOE per day. 3 of these wells ranked in the top 15 all-time best wells in the Permian basin based on 30-day BOE per day.  Our Cedar Canyon 23 24 Fed 32H achieved a peak rate of 6,497 barrels of oil equivalent which is the highest 24-hour peak rate recorded in the Permian Basin. These record results span to second Bone Spring, the third Bone Spring and the Wolfcamp X-Y, which makes the Greater Sand Dunes area extremely attractive from a full-cycle returns perspective. Our engineered approach gives us confidence in the repeatability of these results across the 2,000 remaining undeveloped locations in the Greater Sand Dunes area. We've not yet incorporated this improvement into our Permian Resources inventory counts, but we expect to breakevens to improve by $5 to $10 in the Greater Sand Dunes area. While the focus of Slide 14 is our Greater Sand Dunes develop area, our Texas Delaware team also delivered Oxy record wells in the Wolfcamp B, and the second Bone Spring and our Greater Barilla Draw area, which are highlighted in our appendix on Slide 27.  Our step-change and well performance as a result of ongoing subsurface characterization and customized well designs to maximize the potential of our plate-leading asset. In fact, our teams are studying results from surveillance to make additional improvements across the basin. In addition to these stellar productivity results, we saw improvements on the cost side. OpEx decreased 7% from a year ago to $7.61 per BOE during the quarter, and well costs continue to trend approximately flat as operating efficiencies and offset inflationary pressure from service and materials providers. On Slide 15, we provide visibility on the timing of wells online for our production ramp over the next 3 quarters. As a reminder, we added 4 Permian Resources rigs very late in the second quarter. We'll begin to place the majority of the segmental wells online in the fourth quarter with peak rates reach late in the year and into the first quarter. We'll also shift more activity to Greater Sand Dunes, increasing wells online in the second quarter of '18 to 26 from the 7 in the current quarter. We'll ship 1 to 2 rigs to the Greater Sand Dunes area at the beginning of 2018, while maintaining a total of 11 operated rigs.  Our Permian Resources production in the third quarter grew modestly due to divestitures and third-party impacts from Hurricane Harvey. We expect to see strong growth in the fourth quarter and into 2018 that will generate the cash flow that Oxy needs for the breakeven unit plan.  As well results continue to improve and the number of new wells on production increase, we're extremely confident in our ability to deliver on Oxy's cash flow breakeven plan. The plan we have laid out will result in a growth rate above 30% in 2018.  Finally, I'd like to speak to the immediate success we've had in capturing value from our EOR acquisition. We became operator of the Seminole-San Andres unit on September 1, and have applied our technical know-how to achieve operational improvements. By optimizing the CO2 throughput of the plant, our team increased the field's production by 2,300-gross BOEs per day. This was 1 component of our operating cost improvement plan, and we're confident in further improvements in our plan to achieve $5 to $10 per BOE and OpEx reduction. Our newly-integrated team is energized with innovative ideas to continue to improve the asset.  I'll now turn the call back to Vicki.
Joseph Elliott: Evan, good morning, this is Jody. You hit the high points there. It's really about improve subsurface characterization, which is leading us to better targeting wells to maximize kind of the value recovery from these assets. So it's a culmination of what we've been talking about for a long time -- value-based development, but that again leads to better targeting, better assimilation designs. And what's interesting in these well results is that the sand-loading for these wells is below what you probably find on average in the industry. So from a capital efficiency standpoint, I think that -- it argues even more how confident we are about this growth plan and how much cash we can contribute to the breakeven plan that Vicki has outlined.
Joseph Elliott: We think it's very representative. We continue to do appraisal work in other areas of Greater Sand Dunes. What's also exciting about this as is it's across 3 benches, not just 1 bench. I think the other color is -- this is done in an area that's more of a brownfield development, where there are legacy wells that we're having to manage -- offset wells and shut-in wells to avoid implications. As we move into 2018, we move into more of a greenfield area. We're able to take advantage of the latest generation of our field development plan and we're really excited about that, because it includes the startup of Advent team, which will help drive more capital efficiency, rig rates, our legacy rig rates rollup in the market, the field development plan at Sand Dunes is -- and we've got a central tank battery facility with water recycle. Most of the fluids that are being handled there will be on pipe. It's 4-well pad and 6-well pad development -- that includes the ability for us to do simultaneous operations of drilled, complete and produced. And so we believe these well results extend across that inventory and that we're set up for even better capital efficiency with the new field development plan.
Joseph Elliott: Hey, Guy, this is Jody. I appreciate the question. This is strong guidance in the fourth quarter and there's kind of 2 catalysts there. Obviously one is the step-change in well results. There's been a significant improvement there. We're taking advantage of those development plans, utilizing 3D seismic, as Vicki outlined -- with respect to how we land the wells and how we stimulate them. The second part of this is the cadence of the wells also online. So as I said in my opening comments there, we added rigs late in the second quarter. We'll start seeing those wells come in and as we enter 4Q and go into the first quarter and as you can see on the chart there, that the well counts are also going up significantly. So there's a couple of aspects there that drive why the range is wide. One is, where you're putting the 3,500 barrel-a-day wells. Those wells take some time to reach peak production, and so when you have that many wells with that kind of the spread and production rate, depending on how -- when the well comes on the 1st of December or the 15th of December can make a big difference in what that quietly production rate this. To me, it's about the trajectory -- the trajectory, fourth quarter, first quarter, second quarter that we have a lot of confidence in. The other aspect is pad drilling. Year-to-date, we're probably 80% pad drilling, but we anticipate that going -- up to about 95% as we end the year and go into 2018, as I spoke about the field development plants. So good well results, pad drilling, ramp-up of number one well online, those are all really positive but that makes guidance in a single quarter a little more difficult. The second part of your question or one part of your question was around risk mitigation? So pad drilling, the way we do modular-based development. The well designs are very similar from module 1 to module 2. And so it's very repeatable. You have crews that get into a learning curve. Remember, we haven't ramped significantly. We're at a 11 operated rigs, we believe it's well within our headlights and the capability, we have for frac cores that continue to do work with us in repeatable activities. One of the risk mitigation techniques we employ is utilizing spudder rigs and rigs, right? Where you spud a rigs to set surface casing in many cases where it makes sense. And in other cases, we use batch rigs to set intermediate pipes. So if you set all your intermediate casing strings before you do your laterals, it derisks, if you want to call it a train wreck or a problem in one of those wells, you've derisked that because you've taken it out of the critical path timeline. So that's one example. There's a number of things we're doing on the supply side, on the cost side. Our logistics hub in New Mexico comes online, and that derisk supply. So I appreciate the question, Guy.
Joseph Elliott: Yes, Brian, we've had -- last year, I think in the past, we said we did about 10,000 acres of trade swaps in 2016. In the slides, you see we've done already 13,000 acres this year to continue to core up. There's energy in the industry to do that, people recognize the value of scale and being able to drill longer laterals. So we have a good inventory of wells that are in the low natural category. And again, I go back to the value-based development. It's part of that process. There's a subsurface process.  There's a commercial process, there is an execution planning process, but there's also a land process that goes with that. You could go chase production, but if you're not set up to do the longer laterals and spend the time to work your land position hard, then it's going to be the potential risk to overcapitalize and not deliver the rates of returns, which will lead to the return on capital employed that we're were driving for. So it's all wrapped up into that process. But we've had a lot of good land trades this year, and that gives us confidence about continuing to be able to drill longer lateral.
Joseph Elliott: Yes. I mean, we're confident of these core long land positions have long lateral inventory deep. But remember, that's just one piece of the value based development approach. We continue to lower cost, we continue to drive well efficiency. There are places that -- again, you can see what our lateral length has done down over time not just in the inventory but the actual results. now we updated our inventory last quarter. Our average inventory and this is in the less-than-$50 category more -- went from 8,400 to 8,600 feet. So all of these steps we take continue to drive better returns at the end of the day.
Vicki Hollub: Thank you, Jody. Now I'd like to update you on a change we've made to our leadership team. Rob Peterson, who had served as President of OxyChem since August of 2014, was appointed Business Area Director in our Permian EOR business in mid-September this year. Rob did an exceptional job in Chemicals, but I'd know this I noticed that he also provided great input during our strategic meetings. So we felt that it will be beneficial for the company and for Rob to have them to spend some time in our EOR business. Rob was instrumental in OxyChem's success, and we anticipate to staying positive impact within EOR and oil and gas. Rob holds a Bachelor's Degree in the Chemical Engineering and an MBA in Corporate Finance from the University of Florida.  Rob was replaced by BJ Hebert who is on the call with us today. BJ is now President of OxyChem. BJ joined OxyChem in 1991 from Vista Chemicals, and has 30-plus years of industry experience. He knows the chemicals business exceptionally well, and brings a wealth of strategic insight and passion for safety, environmental stewardship and success. BJ's most recent role was Senior Vice President of Basic Chemicals, and he was previously Vice President and General Manager of Oxley vinyls. BJ holds a Bachelors Degree in Chemical Engineering from Merkley State University, and an MBA from Southend Methodist University. I'd like to close by reiterating the timeline for achieving our production growth targets. We expect to add the 80,000 BOE per day by the end of 2018. We are excited about the trajectory of production growth in the upcoming quarters, which will begin with a large rampup of Permian Resources well completions in the fourth quarter and the step-change in well results to materially derisk the timeline for achieving the 80,000 BOE per day. Our teams are focused across our organization to meet and exceed our plan targets in the oil and gas, chemicals and midstream businesses. And finally, we ended the quarter with ample cash on the balance sheet and have liquidity to fully fund our plan while paying the growing dividend.  We'll now open it up for your questions.
Vicki Hollub: Yes. Specifically, the plan is for us in 2018 to lock into our capital plan of $3.6 billion to $3.9 billion. We plan to present the final numbers to our board in December and get approval for the plan for 2018. Then we'll update you on what those specifics are. So we'll be outspending cash flow again but as we said, we had the liquidity to get there. Once we achieved the milestone of breakeven at $50, any excess cash that we have a beyond that really depends on what the situation is. But our cash flow priorities are always to pay our maintenance capital first, followed by dividend. And in today's world, with the opportunities we have for organic growth -- the organic growth is our third priority. Beyond that, it would be acquisitions and the share repurchases. So we always, when we have excess cash, we want to make sure that we assess the situation and the opportunities to make the best decision to deliver value to the shareholders.
Vicki Hollub: No. We may achieve the 80,000 a day earlier than the end of 2018, but there are other drivers like our Al Hosn expansion, our export facility where we are trying to ensure that we're at the full capacity there -- those may take place later in the year. So the timeframe is really intended to capture the point of which all of our improvements are fully in place and to ensure sustainability that we have full margins and that those full margins are being realized for the entire quarter.
Vicki Hollub: Yes, we definitely believe that. We just sat through over the last couple of days some reviews of how they're doing this technically. And it's very impressive work. There's no reason for us to believe that this is not sustainable. In fact -- the fact that we have 3D seismic and can take that seismic, tie to the performance that we're seeing -- and now we are deploying where we can predict what the wells will do end where we need to drill. So this is really a breakthrough for us, and I think we're all really excited about.
Vicki Hollub: Yes. So we've always said or have said most recently that at some point we'll monetize the plains unit. We will do that at some point but we want to pick the appropriate time to do it. Secondly, whatever environment, it really makes sense for us to continue to optimize our portfolio. And because of this huge position that we have in the Permian Basin, what we want to do first -- our highest priority is to swap acreage because we've had a lot of success blocking the development areas that we have, and we're really happy with that we develop in areas. So the more trading that we can do rather than outright sales is preferred. However, there are some acreage at the tail end of our portfolio that in any environment, we would sell.
Vicki Hollub: I think that's a strong investment case for us. It is, as I mentioned -- the maintenance capital is the highest priority, but our second highest priority is the dividend and we continue to do that. We've come as you know, during this downturn, we haven't been able to return to what we were able to do historically, because over the past 15 years, we've more than doubled the S&P growth rates with our dividend growth rate. Going forward, we want to get that back to a meaningful growth and that will be consistent with our production growth.
Vicki Hollub: Well, it's certainly not the acreage. We have great acreage and -- I think part of it is that our team, we have over the past few years, we've changed our resources business significantly. And what we've been able to do is put the right people, the right leadership in place to approach this in the right way. And so now we're more value-based in terms of how we're doing our resources business, and we've made a breakthrough really taking all the acreage we have, all the information that we have from all of our offset -- operator wells, our outside operated, our offset competitors.  We've taken all of that and we've started to apply not only data analytics, but we're applying a more sophisticated subsurface characterization than we have done in the past because honestly, for shale plays, some people initially in the early stages of shale plays thought they were statistical. But clearly, developing shale place in my view requires a lot more science than some of our conventional rest of us. And I think until you get to the point where you realize what you need to do and how you need to do it and what parameters really matter, I think that you can do struggle with that. But we're to the point now where we've done the work, the right work -- and that analytics had the help with that, but just the massive amount of data that we have, we've been able to achieve a breakthrough in terms of what parameters really matter the most, and that's going into our evaluations now. And also the other thing that sets us apart, I believe, from some others is that we are taking our development plan, we're using integrated planning and doing field by field development plans so that we maximize its value. We don't go far, although you heard us talk about initial rates and third end the rates from a really 30-day rates, really that's not the target for us. We're just trying to give you a measure of how good these wells really are. But the target for us is to optimize the value of the full field development. And you really need to focus on initial rates from 30-day rates to do that. But what you need to do is focus on how you build your infrastructure out, how do you pace your development to ensure that you're maximizing the value of the reserves.
Vicki Hollub: I think the more we learn about what we have and the more efficient we get, I think there is a possibility that, that could come down.
Vicki Hollub: We are seeing improvements. We have seen over the past couple of years continued improvements in what we're doing in the international operations and in particular, in the Middle East. What we're seeing there is as you may have remembered, we required 3D seismic all over our blocks 9 and 27, so we have one of the largest onshore 3D surveys in the world. And we're using that survey to successfully drill wells that they virgin pressure in the field that we discovered a long time ago, 30 -- 35 years ago. And that's really helping us because when you can drill wells in a field that already has infrastructure, that helps you to start to drive down your F&D. We have some other opportunities, and I'm going to throw it over to Ken to provide you more detail on what we're doing there.
Vicki Hollub: Well, we're definitely not opportunity-limited in what we're seeing in international. And it really will depend on what adds the most value. As we get to the point where we have cash above and beyond our 5% to 8% growth that we've set as a target, we'll look at the opportunities and see what we can do. But I'm really excited about what we're seeing internationally.
Vicki Hollub: Okay, I do not want to say this in a negative way but our history points to the fact that return on capital employed has been a very important metric to us for the last 20 years. And we have a track record that shows that, that's -- we make investment decisions on that basis. The only reason we're struggling a little bit right now is that we certainly need to get to the point where we replace the cash flow that we loss from those lower returns and lower margins assets that we exited. That was really the main reason for that hold a strategic plan, was to get us back into a situation where every dollar we invest delivers the most -- the highest possible rate of return on capital employed. So we're really committed to that. We're going to execute this plan to get to our cash flow breakeven at $50 and beyond that, our return on capital employed will continue to go up.
Vicki Hollub: And Doug, I was going to add one more thing as well. As you know, we've also done share buybacks a lot in the past and we've done quite a bit of that and that's not something that we have gone away from being willing to do would the list but right now, with the opportunities that we have for organic development, it's not the highest priority or not the middle priority so -- but we would consider that in the future. That will be part of our value proposition. So just make sure you understand picker we're hoping to doing what we need to do to add value but appreciate the question. So to close, I just like to say that we are very excited about where we are in our direction but realize that more needs to be done. We have the highest quality assets across our businesses that we've ever had. And our teams are continuing to find ways to make them even better. This gives our entire management team confidence in our ability to sustain our value proposition of dividend mongering production growth and were looking forward to where we're headed. So thank you, all, for joining our call today and hope you have a good day, and go after us.
Cedric Burgher: This is Cedric again. And I want to mention one thing just because it's related. I really perhaps didn't give it due, in my prepared remarks, about our effective tax rate. But what was really cool about that this last quarter was in part, in large part, it was reflecting the operational improvements in cost reductions we've made in the international side of our business. And so Ken Dillon's with us -- and I feel like -- to ask him to just add a few comments about those cost reductions and the improvements we've made internationally.
Cedric Burgher: Well, we haven't adjusted the guidance because there were some were some more or less one-time items via rock lifting, I mentioned in the call -- our prepared remarks -- excuse me, but so that obviously would it be something that we would expect to recur. But of course, we did that, that in the first quarter also. But I really don't see much upside there. But on the operational improvements, we hope and expect that it will continue to improve their but we've not baked that into our guidance so there is some upside there.
Cedric Burgher: Good. Doug, this is Cedric I would just add a couple of things. One, it sounds like -- from the question, was a little bit reflective of what does our guidance to reflect and so on. And while we don't guide ROCE, because one thing that's wonderful about ROCE, and I'm sure you a big advocate of it, Doug, but -- it captures pretty much everything and it's fully-audited, it's full cycle, it's harder for the IR guys to get gaming and so on. So it really is a great metric and it's one we've been committed to for a long time, and of course, we will never do that here. But the -- it's a great metric, we've been committed to it, in various pieces for a long, long time, organizationally, as well as personally. But if you get is reflective of that the really is difficult to do. And if you look at last year, we were in the top quartile of our peer group for ROCE. It was a tough year for anybody in the business just because of the downturn and historic cost on the books. As we work forward, every dollar be reinvested, as Vicki said, is going to very high return reinvestment returns where it won't get invested, and so that's our commitment to you and to our shareholders and we're finding a lot of success in progress in doing that. And so we believe that recipe will continue to give us industry or peer-leading ROCE metrics. So I know it's competitive environment but we were it's up quite a last year, and we intend to be that way over time year in and year out. And that's our goal, and then we tied our -- increasingly tying compensation to it meant, that's something we put out last quarter in one of our slides. And so I'm not sure -- but guidance is something that we aren't probably going to do in terms of guiding gaining ROCE. We'll give you components that may be can help you get there.
