Vicki Hollub: No, we don't expect delays in the other DACs. The delay came because of the supply chain situation that we're experiencing today. We expect that since those are further out, we'll have more time to prepare and to address some of the supply chain challenges that we have today. So we don't expect the schedule to change. 
Vicki Hollub: Hitting the threshold has been really not a target, but an outcome of a plan that we wanted to execute anyway.  Share repurchases is such a critical part of our value proposition that this is the way it has evolved. We're not really sure what the macro is going to do towards the end of this year. So in terms of what, if any, asset sales we would do to keep the pace, that really is dependent on the value -- what value we see in doing that and what we have available.  But I would say right now, we don't have anything on the list to sell. Of course, anything we have is for sale if it's for the right price. But there's nothing that we're actively marketing right now. And we believe that the second half of the year could potentially bring a macro environment that allows us to continue without engaging in any additional asset sales. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. When we think about sustaining capital levels, it's really how do we maximize the return on capital employed for each of the assets that we have, while ensuring that we could do that for -- on a multiyear basis. And for example, when you talk about the Permian, there's the resources part of the business and the EOR part. The EOR part, the way we've been able to maximize return on capital employed for it is to actually keep the facilities fully loaded all of the time.  So we're not -- we don't have unused capacity and keeping those facilities fully loaded requires a certain level of capital. We certainly have the potential to continue to grow the EOR business beyond that. But up to this point, that's what we've been able to do to get the most value out of it. The Resources business, combined with the EOR business, would require about $1.8 billion for sustaining capital. And this year, we did increase the EOR and that's part of the reason to do that is that the lower decline of our EOR business, the lower decline of the chemicals business and our gas flow assets in the Middle East, those are critically important to us.  And as you know, we're expanding Al Hosn, which will not very -- not by very much will that increase the sustaining capital there, but will provide us additional low decline cash flow from that asset as well. And that's what we most like about our portfolio is that this diversity of having the lower decline assets combined with the higher decline, but higher cash flow generating assets at least initially is very complementary. So we have the best of all worlds, I think, in the diverse portfolio that we have. 
Vicki Hollub: Our plan for the Gulf of Mexico is to continue to keep it at around the production rate that it's at right now. It's, as you know, a significant cash flow generator for us. So we have the inventory, and we have the plan laid out to ensure that we can -- we have the development ready to maintain the current level of production where it is. We don't intend to significantly grow production. That could be part of the outcome of what some of the exploration and development will lead to.  But it's our intent and it will be lumpy. As we've said before, capital there will depend on our exploration successes, how those go and timing. But on the average, our production level should be about where it is today. 
Vicki Hollub: I would say that we just picked up some leases, as you know. We're now doing the preliminary work on those leases. I would say that our trajectory is certainly between -- somewhere between 5 and 10 years of potential inventory to maintain what we have today. 
Vicki Hollub: Well, certainly, I would say that we are not including the capital for the DAC as a part of our breakeven or sustaining capital. If we were in a scenario where we were down in a $40 environment, unless we had significant capital inflow from somewhere else, we would significantly cut back our development on the DACs unless that development was supported by others.  So I would say that when you think about the breakeven for us  and I kind of wish we had never brought that term up because it's so misleading to people. We -- I would say the difference in where we are today and where maybe we've been in prior times is that we keep a model of what it's going to take to support our dividend at various oil price levels. And what we've said is still true that we want to ensure that we're close to a $40 breakeven or less so that if we're in that environment that we can still sustain the dividend.  I never want to go through a scenario where we would have to cut it again. But what that breakeven really is, is what would the price and the world look like at $40. So  you can't take our numbers right now and back in to what it would be and expect it to be $40. We've obviously elevated our capital investment higher than what it would be, what the calculation would show the breakeven is today.  So breakeven for us means that if you're in a $40 environment, then the supply chain, the services and materials, all of those things would be adjusted to that kind of environment, to that cost. And in that environment, our cost would then be less than it is today on OpEx and even labor cost, services materials. So in that environment, we look at what would it take to ensure that we could sustain our dividend growth.  And that's how we would calculate that. So -- and that -- and sustaining capital is different. As I explained earlier, sustaining capital is where you have every asset with the investment level at the point where you're generating the best returns that you can generate from the infrastructure and facilities that you have and the resources that you have. So with what we're doing today, as we continue to reduce our cost structure, as we continue to lower our interest from our debt reduction, and we've -- as we will buy back some of the preferred, we'll lower that cost as well.  We use those two measures as the primary way we can calculate how much we can grow our dividend. So as we're continuing to reduce interest, as we're continuing to reduce the preferred dividend, that will be the capacity available for the growth of the dividend. And to further get it to increase it on a per share basis, our share repurchase program is intended to help with that as well. So it's an absolute number cap that we have as well as a share repurchase program that allows that dividend per share to continue to increase over time. 
Vicki Hollub: I'll take the LNG question first as Richard is pondering the other question. The LNG question, one of the things that we've always tried to do is make sure that we do things that are within our core competence. And so our core competence is getting the most out of oil & gas reservoirs and handling CO2. So LNG is not something that we would want to be a builder of. And if it's something that we don't want to be a builder of or use as a part of our strategy in our oil & gas development and our Low Carbon, if it's not a part of that, that's not something that we would put our investment dollars in. We're not going to go too far from what we know how to do the best. 
Vicki Hollub: I think just starting to restore the capital to both of those assets has been helpful. And it was basically all that we needed to do. One of the things that we never stopped doing was investing and making each of those operations better. And that's why a little bit of the increase in OpEx is making in the EOR business getting some of the wells that had gone down during the pandemic, putting those wells back online, which increased our well maintenance budget, but those are very inexpensive and high-return barrels.  So starting to do that. And we didn't shut down any kind of maintenance around the infrastructure, and no kind of decreases in capital around the maintenance of our equipment. So really, it was more from the standpoint of just getting wells back online for EOR. And in the Gulf of Mexico, we've taken the opportunity to work on the -- not only the surface to ensure that we could increase our run time there with reduced capital and not being as aggressive with drilling wells out there, we were still improving productivity by spending dollars on improving run time and also putting in subsurface pumping equipment to expand the radius of our spars and to also increase productivity and extend our reserve lives out there.  So  the work that we've done in the Gulf of Mexico has really kept us prepared to get back to sustaining levels, both in the Gulf and EOR, without any sort of issues beyond the next year or 2. 
Vicki Hollub: Federal offshore, we've had -- not had issues permitting thus far. Even when the permitting moratorium came out, we were able to still get things done and get things approved. And so I don't see the permitting point to be an issue for us offshore at this point. 
Vicki Hollub: Yes. In total, as Richard mentioned, GoM will be down a little bit, international up a little bit as Al Hosn comes on and comes on stronger towards the end of the year. 
Vicki Hollub: Thank you. I'll first by expressing my gratitude to our amazing teams for their diligent focus and pioneering work that contributed to so many advancements in our core cash generating and emerging Low Carbon businesses . So much appreciate all that you do and for always going above and beyond. Thank you all to the rest of you for joining our call today and for your questions. Have a good afternoon. 
Richard Jackson: Yes. I was just going to add, I mean, to kind of help give you some color on the program. I mean, certainly, some of that is allocated as we started construction for DAC 1 this year and obviously continue on the next couple of years with our construction pace. We do continue to develop our CCUS hubs around the Gulf Coast that we've previously disclosed and we announced with the Midstream partnership today.  And then the other piece, and I think it partially answers your first question is continuing to look at our DAC Pre-FEED and FEED work as we go into the South Texas Hub. We think that's meaningful. And so while we're progressing and optimizing the schedule for DAC 1, in parallel, we're working with the same innovations and learnings and applying that to our South Texas Hub, which we think we'll be able to keep us on pace for that development as well. 
Richard Jackson: David, this is Richard. I'll try to answer a piece of that. Really, two pieces, as you described. I mean we continue to have good discussions with capital partners, not only for DAC 1, but as we look at capitalization over the life of our development plan. And so that's an important part that we want to stay fresh with.  The second part is, as you mentioned, some of the grant programs that are directly associated with CCUS and DAC specifically. We're not in a position to talk in detail on that today, but we are -- and have communicated before, we think our projects fit very well the intent of that program. We think the -- really the advanced design and really state that we're in as we go into DAC 1 and then into the South Texas Hub puts us in a really good position for that type of program.  I think the South Texas Hub, as you look at that, in particular, is just a unique opportunity to look at sort of the large-scale build-out when we've contemplated the 30 DACs for that area. So to directly answer your question on updates, I think we'll have more as we go this year, but we'll leave it at that for now. 
Richard Jackson: Great. Jeanine, this is Richard. I'll try to help answer a few of those. I mean very proud of our inventory, obviously good acreage position that we have and have accumulated, but very pleased with the team's ability to continue to advance that. So as you noted, especially in Permian resources, strong less than $60 breakeven with long activity. I'd say some of the changes that have occurred, we tried to highlight one even in that slide is really thinking about longer laterals. So able to continue to core up acreage where we're at, be patient in development areas to allow that to happen and really sequence our developments to accomplish the longer laterals.  So as we were able to do that, obviously, that may go down one, but we've made a much more valuable single well inventory. The other thing I would say is just really the environment over the last couple of years. As we restated capital or began to put capital back into the program since 2020, that's allowed us to really develop some new areas and zones.  So for example, the First Bone Springs wells that we noted, very proud of those.  What happened during that underinvestment cycle, we continue to work the technology and the development plans to really advance those zones. And so those type advancements in areas and zones like that also are adding to our inventory. But that restoration in capital, we believe this year especially will allow us to further advance our inventory.  For example, we have 40 target wells in 2023 that we believe will fully replenish the wells we drill this year. And so we're pretty thoughtful in terms of how we're expanding that and approaching that inventory. And so hopefully, as we go, that will continue to grow in the Permian. But even in areas like the Powder River Basin, we're resuming some activity this year. 
Richard Jackson: Yes. Great. Matt, I think things for many of us in CCUS and certainly in the U.S. are progressing well post IRA. I think lots of work going on with emitters to transport to sequestration. Our focus really has been sort of similar to oil & gas, really working to secure the best sequestration sites and develop those in a way to be both large scale, so we can get the economies of scale, but also be able to provide that certainty as these deals are putting together.  So we have really 5 hubs that we're working that we've talked about. We've got several Class VI wells in progress as well as characterization of these sites. The Midstream providers are very important. And so being able to secure those partnerships early, I think, aligns really the downstream from the capture site to be able to do that.  So as we think about sort of how this plays out over the next couple of years, we're hopeful that as we go this year more projects will be able to combine that capture to transport the sequestration and really hit FID and then begin construction over the next couple of years. I think our work even going back to some of the work that we've done in the Permian over the last several years around some of the capture projects there really helped inform us, hopefully, as a good partner about how do you  manage that kind of across the value chain.  And so our focus is, again, really on that sequestration. That really puts us in a good position to take together the synergies with DAC as we develop that. And so we're playing that role and having good conversations towards those projects. And again, expect this year to have more updates. 
Richard Jackson: Paul, this is Richard. I can try to answer your question on the inventory. I mean, as you think about sort of a discount rate against that inventory, obviously, if it's higher, that would change the numbers a bit, but we are still very strong in that inventory. For example, in the DJ, as we think about that program and we look at gas price fluctuations, we look at plus 50% type program returns even at a lower gas price than what we show there. So it will impact things.  But I think in terms of the strong returns that we have well exceed sort of our expectations on return on capital. And we continue to manage that inventory to drive really what we develop into those lower breakeven categories. Probably the other thing to say on that, basically, the inventory this year with the wells that we drill are all less than $40 breakeven.  So we've been able to high grade ahead of time to make sure that we have sustainability of those returns. And as I mentioned earlier, the wells that we targeted to replenish 100% of our drilled wells this year, we'll expect to carry that same result. 
Richard Jackson: Yes. Maybe just a little bit on onshore OpEx. I mean, one major difference when you look at capital and that 15% and then kind of what we're seeing in OpEx is OCTG. While we have some exposure to that in our kind of maintenance activities, it's far less pronounced, and that was the single biggest category really last year for us.  So really, OpEx, it's been a couple of things. We break it down into inflation and then scope. And scope would be some of the maintenance activities like Vicki's describing for the GoM. So really 2022 from an OpEx perspective, U.S. onshore, most of it was really WTI or kind of price indexed inflation, things like power, CO2 price ruts which were a little unique there, gas processing, things like that.  And really scope was pretty well managed. We -- our maintenance activities picked up a bit at the end of the year, mainly downhole maintenance and EOR. As Vicki said, as you go into 2023, it's much more balanced. If you see the increase, there is a little bit of kind of inflation carryover in terms of processing and CO2 volumes are up a bit this year for EOR as we've resumed activity there, but it's a lot more scope.  So as we begin to resume production activities, water management, compression, these type of things show up. But by and large, we've been able to hold that cost structure for OpEx pretty well. We go back really to kind of first quarter  '20 and look at those type of run rates, and we've been very good holding our cost structure since that. Probably the last thing I'd say kind of to the maintenance activity similar to the GoM, for us, in U.S. onshore, it's a lot about uptime improvement.  So continuing to work with a third-party gathering and processing companies and then within our fields to be able to be resilient through weather and just sort of manage this production in a good way. So adding that uptime adds significant value to the year. And so some of our OpEx-related activities have been focused there as well. 
Richard Jackson: Maybe I'll start just kind of a U.S. onshore perspective. Permian being able to ramp up to the end of last year and really secure the resources by the end of the year puts us in a much better position for sort of steady-state growth. However, the first quarter, as we noted, is a little lumpy. We had about 40% less wells online versus kind of other quarters in the year or even against fourth quarter. It's a little lumpy on the Permian.  And then really the moving part is the Rockies. We've been underinvested from sustaining capital over the last several years. And so as we talk, we're resuming some activity there. We have about fourth quarter '22 to first quarter '23 about a 15,000 barrel a day decline and that sort of steadies out into the second quarter. And then we actually start growing in the Rockies in the second half of the year. And so that, from an onshore perspective, is a big part of that moving part. And then the other one is really our GoM weather assumption. So I think that's the other piece to consider when you look at the trajectory on total. 
