Christopher G. Stavros: Thanks. With respect to guidance, we expect our full-year 2017 companywide production growth from ongoing operations and adjusted for the sale of South Texas to be in the range of 4% to 7% or between 595,000 to 615,000 BOE per day. This is unchanged adjusted for South Texas relative to what we said historically. This includes a modest impact of OPEC quota constraints and volume effects under our production sharing contracts due to higher oil prices. Our long-term production growth expectations remain at 5% to 8% per year. As a result of increased drilling activity later in the year, we expect production in the Permian Resources to exit this year at a growth pace approximately 30% higher than year-end 2016 levels. For the second quarter, we expect a significant recovery in total company ongoing production volumes and in the range of 580,000 to 595,000 BOE per day. Production at Permian Resources is expected to be between 135,000 and 140,000 BOE per day in the second quarter. Every $1 per barrel change in WTI affects our annual operating cash flow by about $110 million. In our Midstream business, we see a return to profitability, as we expect the second quarter to generate pre-tax income of between $5 million and $15 million. Foreign income from pipeline and other facilities should improve, as planned maintenance at Al Hosn and Dolphin was completed earlier in the first quarter. A large portion of the financial improvement in Midstream should be driven by wider oil price differentials between Midland and the Gulf Coast and partly as a result of rising production in the Permian Basin. In Chemicals, we anticipate pre-tax earnings of about $200 million for the second quarter as a result of continued improvement in caustic soda prices and the benefit of operations from the new joint venture ethylene cracker. Looking forward, our Chemicals business is on a pace to generate approximately $250 million per quarter of free cash flow for the remainder of the year. I'll now turn the call back to Richard.
Christopher G. Stavros: I think, Ed, certainly the arrows, as I said at the outset, the arrows are pointing in the right direction for that business as well. I think the differentials are suggesting that we see profitable periods for the remainder of the year, frankly, certainly in the second quarter and in the back half of the year as well. So if conditions continue to move in this direction as far as Permian production based on the rig adds that we've seen, it's, frankly, looking pretty good going even into – exiting this year and certainly going into next year as well.
Christopher G. Stavros: Doug, the best way I would put it is that the plan we have in place from the other assets, and as Vicki discussed certainly around the Permian, would more than make up for cash flow absence if that were to happen in Qatar, I think is what you're asking. It's something that I would view as immaterial relative to the total cash flow that the company generates. By that, I mean less than 5% of the total cash flow that the company generates. So I think that based on the plan that we just laid out, we can accommodate additional cash flow growth and opportunities from the assets that we've got to make up for any shortfall if that were to occur, but we don't think that will happen.
Christopher G. Stavros: I think we're capturing it now. It's clear in our results. And that was, as I said in the prepared remarks, that was a large portion of the driver for the second quarter improvement. And based on how things are transitioning, it should potentially accelerate in the back half of the year. So I think you're seeing that.
Christopher G. Stavros: The run rate, Paul, as I said, is $250 million for each quarter for the remainder of the year and then it accelerates into 2018.
Christopher G. Stavros: What drives it higher is the better margins and better productivity and better wells that we're seeing in the Permian Basin, number one, better margins and the refocus of the capital that we've discussed today from South Texas and from other things going forward. What drives it is the improvement relatively versus several quarters ago in the Chemicals business. What drives it is the improvement in the Midstream business that we're seeing that we had not seen several quarters ago. So there are several items that, frankly, have changed in a markedly better way that give us more confidence in our ability to generate that higher number going forward with the reinvestment and better conditions in some of the other businesses.
Christopher G. Stavros: Yeah, the main driver really is just reconstituting the number for the absence of South Texas going forward and a little bit higher prices for injectant CO2 prices. That's really it.
Christopher G. Stavros: We said – or I said that I expect the proceeds from South Texas to be nearly $600 million net after tax.
Edward Westlake: Yes, good morning and congratulations on the work on lowering breakevens. Maybe if I can talk about the dividend coverage. One of the numbers that helps when investors think about that is maybe the maintenance CapEx number, the CapEx to keep obviously your downstream units in operation and production flat. I don't know if you have an update on that, because obviously international costs are still deflating and the work you're doing in the Permian may have lowered that. So any color there would be helpful.
Edward Westlake: Okay. And then good color on the Chemicals. Thanks for that, that $400 million shift. The Midstream is improving, which is good to see. I don't know if you'd be able to hazard a guess at where you see mid-cycle Midstream earnings with the Permian perhaps closer to filling up the pipe sometime next year or 2019.
Edward Westlake: So you'd figure that there may be some acceleration around that at that point because, obviously, some of it's related to contracts you have that need certain volumes to be hit.
Vicki A. Hollub: Ed, currently we're seeing about a $2.2 billion sustaining CapEx, but we do expect that to come down. We're seeing price improvements in international operations. We're also, as you've heard, still seeing significant improvements in our Permian Resources business so that we expect, as that capital intensity goes down, this will also decrease. But with our current situation, we're certainly less than $50 to be able to cover our sustaining capital and dividend.
Vicki A. Hollub: Doug, I'd like to start with that. We feel that we're in a good situation in Qatar. First, let me say we don't have anything rolling off in 2017. Actually, our ISND contract would be in October of 2019. But really what we're doing today in Qatar is, I believe, some of the best work that we've done anywhere in our company in a long time. I'm going to have Ken describe some of the things that we're doing there that give us some confidence that we would be able to extend that contract. Saad al-Kaabi, the CEO of Qatar Petroleum, the thing that mattered to him most is that we add the most value possible for every dollar we invest in Qatar. We believe that with the success our teams are having there, that we're going to be able to meet his expectations. And our teams are working well to be able to share best practices, to help each other to accelerate some of the technical work and new technologies that we want to do. So we've actually established some things there that are different than being done anywhere offshore in the Middle East. That, along with the fact that we successfully negotiated the extension of the Block 9 contract in Oman, gives me a lot of confidence that we'll be able to continue. I'll pass it on to Ken to give you some of the details around some of our activities.
Vicki A. Hollub: Evan, we want to continue to grow Permian Resources. This is really a drive to continue to lower our cash flow breakeven for not only our growth capital but for additional opportunities in ways that we could use our cash. So currently, we'll continue to be active and aggressive with our development in Permian Resources. We're going to fund that through resources that we have. And so in an oil price above $50, $50 or above, we're going to continue on this path to get to a lower breakeven for our growth capital as well. Now if commodity prices are not what we expect, we would certainly adjust our plans because we do have that flexibility. But at prices above $50 and above, we'll continue on our plan. And with what we see, we expect that this year we will average better than $50, and then next year will be we think even better than that. Oil prices are doing pretty much what we expected them to do. We expected to see volatility early in the year. We expect to see that until inventories come down much further than they have so far. We do have contingency plans, but as of right now with what we see we'll continue aggressively on this path.
Vicki A. Hollub: What we looked at was the replacement ratio, which is 9,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which is three-to-one for Resources production versus South Texas production. And with the funds, we've added sufficient rigs to be able to make up that difference and that cash flow within about five to six months.
Vicki A. Hollub: Currently the expansions haven't really occurred, so we're still seeing some benefit from that. Now we expect that through the rest of this year we'll see benefit. Going into 2019, it will depend on the growth trajectory within the Permian Basin, but we do expect significant growth. So we're right now anticipating continued improvement in our Midstream business because of that.
Vicki A. Hollub: Yeah, Paul. We're trying to drive our cash flow breakevens down just for that. What we want to do is be positioned to be able to resume significant growth of the – or maybe I should say moderate growth, not exactly the growth we've seen over the last 10 to 15 years prior to the downturn in the dividend, but we do want to grow the dividend at a meaningful rate. So that's the reason for this accelerated growth to get to a lower breakeven.
Vicki A. Hollub: Ultimately for 2018, the number would be higher. But on a run-rate basis, to provide the 5% growth would be somewhere in the $3.6 billion to $3.9 billion range.
Vicki A. Hollub: We had a shift because it was really a situation where we wanted to ensure that we were still looking at the metrics with respect to how others are performing. In the cyclic industry that we're in, we're in a situation where returns were very much impacted, as you know, by oil prices. Now we're in a situation where we have internally targets for all of our executives that are based to some degree on a returns metric. Going forward, we expect to resume including the returns metric as a part of our performance management programs. And that will be because of the fact that we believe that in the situation that we're in today, we're now generating positive earnings. We'll generate again positive returns on capital employed. And that's always been something that's been important for us, and it will be and is today an internal metric.
Vicki A. Hollub: It is. That's why we've talked about it so much today. We're really building our business and we've gone through this whole process, this painful process I'll say of exiting 300,000 barrels a day to get us into a position where every dollar we spend goes for the highest possible return projects. Exiting the things that we did with the timing that we had has now given us the opportunity to grow production with the best possible quality assets. And you look at it, every asset we have today is generating double-digit returns on capital employed. And so we're better positioned now to take advantage of that, and our company is going to be able in the future to excel in that area.
Joseph C. Elliott: Good morning, Doug. This is Jody. Even with the higher activity rate, all it does is push that timeframe out a few months in 2018. So the improvement in capital intensity really does help that timeframe for the Permian Resources breakeven.
Joseph C. Elliott: And, Evan, this is Jody. I think that's the reason why we provided you the guidepost between the 20% and the 30% CAGR case to show you that even with growth there's some flexibility in the capital depending on commodity price.
Joseph C. Elliott: Evan, good question. And you sound a little like Vicki. I give her 400, and she changes it to 500. It's 400-plus, but our stretch is bigger than that. It's really coming from multiple places. It's second and third bench development in existing areas, so taking benches that may not have been profitable and finding ways to make them profitable through either the lower capital intensity, the better production rate. It is some from the acreage outside of the core areas. But again, you've got to remember, our inventory is big in those core areas. So we're not just working one area; we're working both. I think the other thing that really we see happening is wells – we're not adding wells in some cases, but we're moving them to the left in that inventory curve. So the breakevens are coming down, so really working all three areas.
Joseph C. Elliott: John, this is Jody. It's really multiple areas. One of the first areas was a multi-variant analysis combining both geologic data and completion data to speed up the process of finding optimum frac designs. We're utilizing analytics and OXY Drilling Dynamics. It's what we call OXY Drilling Dynamics 2, which is putting predictability of motor yields and motor performance into that program. It's around reservoir modeling, being able to take what we do as a very – just slower process for reservoir optimization using very robust models, we actually are using a low-resolution model that we can optimize the injectant more on a real-time basis. That applies in Mukhaizna for steam flood. It will apply to our water floods. And then we will move to our CO2 flood. So these higher-cost injectants get optimized on a day-to-day basis. And I could just keep going here. The list is longer than the resources to tackle these, so we're putting them in priority order. We're really excited about what analytics can do to real step changes in our business going forward.
Joseph C. Elliott: So in southeast New Mexico, it's sufficient for our intermediate and long-term growth. There's quite a bit of capacity there. We also see it, as you mature in an area and you move off of the rapid growth and now you're into the day-to-day operating cycle, we have enough space there that you can start thinking about maintenance shops for pumping units and compressors. And so it migrates over time from a capital logistics and maintenance hub to an operating hub. And so we're looking in both Greater Barilla Draw and now in Midland to see what aspects of the Southeast New Mexico project make sense there.
Joseph C. Elliott: Brian, this is Jody. At this point, probably not talking about what recovery mechanism might be the optimum. We've got experience everywhere, Ken's Mukhaizna field, the Qatar field, in our EOR business we find ways to get the most recovery out of these reservoirs economically. And so we believe the unconventional business is an incredible target because the recoveries in primary are so low. And so we believe OXY is uniquely positioned to find that extra 5% or 10% additional recovery and leverage the infrastructure investment we've already made in those fields.
Joseph C. Elliott: I think analytics plays a role there in accelerating your learning because you can do many things by analyzing the data quickly with different models that prevent you from having to do them with experiments or trials in the field. But it will be a combination of data analytics, field trials, laboratory work, research work that then point us to the right application of a technology, depending on which type of reservoir. Again, it all begins with the core understanding of the reservoir. Does the underlying rock fabric have some higher fraction of conventional fabric? Is it truly a source rock shale, very high organic? That application will be specific to the reservoir.
Joseph C. Elliott: We've completed our first one. We've drilled the second lateral, and the key part of that is we have stimulated the second lateral. So as the second lateral depletes, we're in the process of removing the frac string and then we'll put it on artificial lift. We'll do more of those this year. The real application of the technology plays out in 2018 and beyond because that's when you're doing your second and third bench development as a higher proportion of the program.
Evan Calio: Hey, good morning, guys. You guys are telegraphing a stronger commitment to a higher Permian growth rate exiting – I think it was 30%, which is at the high end of the range, in 2017, and you used operational momentum, asset sales, and balance sheet to support it. How do you think about the financial flexibility and willingness to support to continue to outspend if the commodity market remains challenging, or any thresholds? Specifically, you're stepping up as that market is backing off some.
Evan Calio: Right. And I guess you're running the exit rate at 11 to 13 rigs, which is well above the 9-year average for 2018. It sounds like that's something you'll address as you go into that budgetary period.
Evan Calio: Second question, you guys are talking about adding 500 locations to your sub-$50 Permian Resources inventory in 2017. Could you just provide color on what's driving the additions or where is the focus? Are these new locations or moving existing locations down the cost curve, or within that, the 350,000 acres that are in your portfolio, whether you don't have associated location counts? Any color on that program would be helpful.
