Lynn Good: Yes. So Shar thank you for that question. And as we looked at the $60 billion, $59 billion, $60 billion of capital in front of us, we saw this transaction as an attractive investment that gave us an opportunity to eliminate common stock. As you said, is a valuation that was attractive to our investors and frankly recognize the value of what we operate in Indiana. I would say if we look at this five-year period, we feel like we've got a pretty strong capital plan. There may be some upside in the back part of the plan Shar, but I'd look at the clean energy transition that's underway. We have some work to do in 2021 and 2022 to lay further groundwork. And so that escalation will be toward the end of the five-year continuing over the rest of the decade. We will always look for attractive ways to finance growth. And I think we've demonstrated that with this transaction, but don't have anything in the near term that I would point to just reinforce that finding attractive low-cost capital to underpin growth is always an objective. And we're really pleased with what we were able to accomplish with this transaction.
Lynn Good: Sure. I mean Shar, the first thing I'd like to do is express the confidence we have in achieving 5% to 7%. It has been grounded in not only strong franchise growth, the regulatory certainty we've been able to achieve, including a recent settlement with the AG. The investment opportunities we've talked about on decarbonizing, and then our ability to control costs coupled with the transaction with GIC eliminating equity gives us a really solid foundation for 5% to 7%. So, I look at what we've put in front of you is a capital plan and a strategy with a high degree of confidence to achieve 5% to 7%. I think the ability to reach that top end to keep going would include faster acceleration of generation transition, perhaps faster economic recovery. I put in that list also, Shar, we're seeing such incredible customer growth in the areas that we serve because the population migration that could be another item that would be a surprise to the upside in a good way, sustainable cost savings. If we continue the digital transformation, continue grid modernization, continue retirement of the coal fleet, all of those things will give us an opportunity to continue to drive [indiscernible]. And I do think regulatory lag, if we can find a way to lessen it the growth is going to be strengthened. And so, I come to this discussion with a lot of confidence that we have a plan that will achieve the 5% to 7% and we'll continue to work on the legislation and regulatory reform in a way that'll complement the growth and perhaps enhance it if it moves more quickly.
Lynn Good: We have been at work on this Shar. We talked about for some time and have been engaged actively with stakeholders, really building alignment around a common goal, common objectives and those objectives included moving away from coal, carbon reduction, regulatory mechanisms to incent that move. And then of course increased investment in renewable, all within the construct of maintaining reliability and affordability. So, I think, the common objectives really provide a really strong foundation to move forward. So, we're working to advance those objectives and we will continue to provide updates along the way. The session that is underway right now there will be some milestones in April around potential introduction of bills, but what I would point to is with common objectives with a desire to create momentum on carbon reduction I think that alignment provides a great foundation for moving forward.
Lynn Good: I think it will. And I think all of that to the benefit of our customers and our regulated jurisdictions. And so, as you look at, even the integrated resource plans that we shared in the fall, those were predicated on the tax policy that existed at that time. And so, extensions could be valuable, I think credits around battery storage, electric vehicles, all of those represent opportunities to continue the clean energy transition. So, I would say we'll watch it closely.
Lynn Good: Stephen, we've been working on the potential for offshore wind for some time. Not only in terms of the obvious issues around leases and location of leases, but also transmission infrastructure that would need to accompany that where in the Carolinas, in particular, the load centers are further west than the coast. So, finding an appropriate transmission path would be important. I think there's been more conversation in the Carolinas. The Governor has joined with other Mid-Atlantic Governors, signing an MOU to say, let's spend more time figuring this out. There's a study underway to look at the impact to economic development. And so, I would say we're monitoring all of this closely. I would think about it is maybe a late 2020, 2030 opportunity in the Carolinas. But nonetheless, we are supportive of finding ways to bring wind into the state as a complement to the solar and nuclear resources that we have that are carbon free. So, I think more to come on that Stephen as some of these exploratory processes bear fruit.
Lynn Good: Stephen, we see it as a competitive. It's been competitive for some time. It started to delineate. Is it a little bit more competitive? So, from our standpoint, we stay very disciplined on the cost of capital, the returns that we want and have a combination of development around the U.S., but also really focused on how we can grow renewables within our own jurisdictions. But I think it's a fair comment. There's a lot of interest in investment moving into renewable energy and that by its nature will create competition.
Lynn Good: Sure. And Steve on the specific question of the report, there were two processes. So, the regulatory reform report is out. This is the one that talks about multi-year rate plans, performance incentives really a strong endorsement of regulatory reform is important to incenting movement. So that one is out and discussions of course continue on that. The carbon policy report, which is the one that's been led by the Nicholas Institute, shouldn't be coming any time. And I would think about it, Steve, as a data point, there'll be considered in the legislative session, along with our IRPs frankly, that has garnered a lot of stakeholder discussion. We don't expect that carbon policy report to include specific recommendations. But we believe it will be a discussion of retirement of coal, carbon pricing, clean energy standards, et cetera. And these – the stakeholders that have been involved in all of these processes, integrated resource plan, clean energy, policy discussions that the Governor sponsored the regulatory reform. All of those stakeholders have been working together quite well over the course of the year. And when I talked about common objectives, but I was really speaking to it's a common objective that have come out of all of that, common objectives around retirement of coal, common objectives around increasing renewable, regulatory reform, et cetera. So, it's that bringing together of those common objectives has been worked on to try to advance where we go from here. And I'm optimistic that we have a number of very informed and stakeholder groups that have common views of positioning North Carolina for the future. And I think progress will come from that. There's also a keen focus in that group on reliability and affordability, which we also strongly endorse and come to the conversation with very low prices against national averages, and we'll be working actively to make sure we make progress within that construct as well.
Lynn Good: Yes, Steve, I think it's important to maybe step back for a moment. When we put forward the integrated resource plan and the Carolina in February 6 in the areas, the base scenario, the one that's on the far left is one that can be accomplished without any changes in regulation or legislation, et cetera. And the capital plan that we've put in front of you, it's really predicated on that base plan. So we believe the grid investment, the investment in generation that's included in our plan for the Carolinas can be executed. You could think about the overlay of legislation and perhaps new tools and maybe acceleration being incremental to what we've put in front of you. We thought it was prudent to put together a plan that we have a high degree of confidence to achieve under a variety of scenarios. But we'll work actively as we have over the last year and a half with stakeholders to find a way to meet those objectives.
Lynn Good: Sure. I mean that Julien I was thinking of these things as being complementary. The stakeholder group has been involved in the IRPs. The stakeholder group has been involved in the clean energy policy discussions or there's a high degree of overlap. And so let's talk a little bit about the IRP because we haven't visited about that in this call. North Carolina will review the IRP comments are due at the end of April. And we would expect an order from the North Carolina Commission yet this year, probably in the fall. And the North Carolina Commission doesn't approve, but rather provide comments perspectives on what they've seen. And so, it becomes a data point, right, not only for the legislative process, but also for the Commission on how we're thinking about the future. And stakeholder parties will have an opportunity to weigh in and discuss. In South Carolina, the IRP will be approved or reviewed and an order will be issued by the Commission. This is consistent with AXE60Q [ph], which you may remember, being a requirement in South Carolina, we believe our IRP conforms with those requirements, extensive stakeholder engagement and analysis of coal retirements and analysis of rate impact. So, we should expect to hear from the South Carolina Commission in June. The legislative session, the bills would be introduced in this legislative session in April. Crossover dates are in May. So, the legislative session is also running July and in the first half of the year. And so I would think about all these things as complimentary. The same people at the table talking about the same objectives, lowering carbon, building renewables, grid investments, regulatory reform. And we will keep you informed along the way as milestones are achieved and feedback is received. But I'm optimistic about informed for those stakeholders coming together with shared objectives.
Lynn Good: I think certainly in the near term, Michael, and then we'll evaluate it as we get deeper into the five-year plan, the growth shows up, the payout ratio comes down a bit. So, we understand the importance of the growing dividend. And we'll continue to look at that right balance between growth of capital and growth of the dividend.
Lynn Good: And Jonathan, even the base plan of IRP includes over 50% carbon reduction, and includes quite a bit of transition of generation, retirement of coal and renewables. And so, as Steve indicated, we'll learn more around pace in particular, as we go through, the next few months and hear from commissions, et cetera. And the $75 billion would be the more aggressive, kind of to the 70% type range, but even the base plan has a very healthy growth rate within that range.
Lynn Good: I think 25% could be in play, Jonathan. I think about it in this way, takes a little bit of time to develop site permit generation. But as we think about this 2021 by the time 2025 rolls around, we will have a clearer picture on that. And coal retirements go along with us. And so, we'll be into a deeper amount of coal being retired in that part of the decade and so you'll be building generation to replace them that way. We'll know more and of course, update these expectations all along the way.
Lynn Good: And Jonathan, we did do a little bit of changing our profile around maintenance, outages and other things in 2020, because of COVID. And so, I believe some of that will also be movement of outage and investment that goes with it into 2021 consistent with the challenges of the year.
Lynn Good: And Durgesh I would share with you that the tax team is always looking for ways to optimize taxes, whether it's a state level property taxes, federal tax, tax credits, research and development, et cetera. And so, we were quite effective in 2020, with a variety of projects, but we are always looking for, effective tax planning ideas.
Lynn Good: Well Hannah thank you. And thanks to all of you who joined the call. We've got a lot of news here in 2021, all directed in building a strong foundation for growth in the future. And we look forward to engagement with you in the weeks and months ahead. And of course, the IR team is always available this afternoon if there are further questions.  So, thanks for your interest and investment in Duke Energy.
Steve Young: Yes, I think, broadly, it's just going to be similar. We have a settlement proposal at a 9.6% ROE, but we've got a long track record in the Carolina, and across our entire footprint of being able to earn at or, in some years certainly above our allowed returns through cost management, through working on wholesale type transactions, as well. So, I think there are a number of mechanisms that are going to allow us to earn similar to what we’ve earned in the past on our regulated jurisdictions.
Steve Young: Yes, I have a couple of comments there. In Indiana, we just filed – we got a rate order in August in Indiana. And that was a catch-up rate case. So, what you see when you've got a big base rate case that's built up and in Indiana, we had that base rate case in quite a while. So, you are building up a lot of investments there. And prior to that build-up, you're going to see the ROEs drop a bit. And then you have to catch up. And we've got the solid ROE in Indiana going forward. We'll be able to optimize around that and earn very well there. Ohio is a similar situation, when you have a base rate case, you’ll build up investments up to that point, and then the new rates will work on the return. So, you'll see some movements around a rate case like that. But over a broad period, as you've seen the New York across our footprint, we've been very capable of earning ROI returns on the growing rate base. And we've done that through periods where we've had more frequent rate cases and periods where we've had less frequent rate cases. And that's where you utilize your capital optimization between rate cases and cost control to keep the return solid. So, we’ll continue to have those capabilities.
Steve Young: No, not in the near term. We cut out those investments, most of our growth will be coming just from the environmental rider. So, it's a very efficient jurisdiction going forward here.
Steve Young: Well, what we reflected in that second half of the decade, the range of $65 billion to $75 billion, represented, again, the low-end scenarios of carbon reduction versus the higher, more aggressive carbon reduction. So, as we learn more about the pacing that the state wants to go through, we projected we'd be somewhere in that range depending on that pacing up to $65 billion to $75 billion as you move into it that second five-year period.
Steve Young: Nothing procedural there, I just think we're looking at the maintenance of the nuclear facilities and the grid facilities as we modernize the grid. There is more CapEx of maintenance nature in those areas, in those two specific areas.
Steve Young: What we have done in 2020, we had worked on various efforts that lowered the effective tax rate a bit. And that falls through and was part of the mitigation that was put in place. And it was probably around 0.5% on the effective tax rate reduction might have been in the range of $0.0.4, $0.05 or so of mitigation that we got out of income taxes.
Steve Young: No, I think, that's exactly right. We, certainly, as we look forward, we've got COVID impacts that will continue into 2021 will affect the top line revenues, the coal ash settlement restructured in the fashion that help customers there. But we think we can operate very comfortably within this range at the new rating, and we'll get very adequate access to capital.
