Steven Young: Well, let me discuss some of the drivers here for 2019, and that really pretty similar to the drivers that we have in our businesses each year. We've got rate riders and rate cases that take into play. We've got our normal volumes growth, which has been pretty strong as well. And then there is AFUDC on various investments. When you look at 2019, it will have the full-year impact of the Carolinas rate cases, and then in 2019, we expect to see accelerated spending in Atlantic Coast Pipeline. Of those will be a couple of big drivers towards the earnings that you might see in that particular year, Shar.
Steven Young: Yes, Jonathan, we've looked at a number of outcomes and they may very per jurisdictions, certainly, we have a constructed outcome in Florida. In general, what we are thinking about here is that the impact of the rate decrease from the 35 to 21 will work that back through perspective rates and give that aspect to customers. We're looking at the excess differed tax piece; the protected piece will go back slowly. And we’re looking at utilizing the other excess differed taxes to be used as a mid against the rate base increases that are coming as well to help reduce the volatility. That’s a general way to think about the way we've incorporated this into our plans.
Steven Young: The ACP project is benefitted by tax reform. Again, we've got several grades with our customers on ACP. And if this -- it's not a formula type rate there. And so that will be one of the things that benefits us more with the quotation to ACP.
Steven Young: We will be improving on our metrics throughout the plan, Jonathan. I don’t want to give you year-by-year guidance, but we do see an improvement throughout the plan.
Steven Young: I think that's certainly what we see for '18. We typically don’t project beyond that. I don’t know that it's going to bare a lot from that as we go forward with them.
Steven Young: That’s right. And our ability to execute in our cost management has helped us to exceed the original estimates we have for 2018 in our credit metrics.
Steven Young: Right, I think, Lynn covered it very clearly there that's kind of how we look at it. I think that makes sense. This is an opportunity to reduce customer rates pretty quickly, but we also have an opportunity to here to utilize some of this, to offset some of the rate base increases that are coming, and we will be looking at excess differs as a tool for that. And that was what was done in Florida, I think, a very constructive settlement there. So we will see how it plays out on the other jurisdictions.
Steven Young: Unprotected differed taxes are about -- for the total corporation about $1.8 billion, protected are about $4.5 billion.
Lynn Good: Shar, thanks for that question. We are proud of the progress that we've made over the last couple of months with state and federal permits. And our focus is ramping up construction to hit a late 2019 in service aid. I think about additional investment opportunities in Chile, there is expansion of ACP, which would occur in the form of compression, a very cost effective way to add capacity, and then extension would be another opportunity. I think, at this point, our focus is on building the initial project as it's establish, we'll then our attention to expansion -- compression expansion, really driven by needs of our customers and then following that, we'll look at opportunities to expand.
Lynn Good: Steven, I think, the business is a competitive business. I think there is some adjusting as a result of the tariffs that have recently been imposed. We'd like to see how that landscape plays out. We also are pacing the lower tax rate. We have to determine how capped equity markets perform, although we still expect them to be there. So we believe, we have a very solid business, a business of scale, we believe we're capable of competing. So we have also been appropriately conservative with our assumptions around returns and are not going to chase it unless it’s delivering a return above our cost of capital. And that will be our approach as we go forward. I would point to regulate renewables as well, so we’ve got 700 megawatts from building within Florida. HB 589 in North Carolina represents an opportunity for either our commercial regulated business among we working closely those opportunities as well.
Lynn Good: So Steven, I think, we’re capable of serving Amazon today with a really robust system in North Carolinas. We have pleasure to serve and expanding facility in Northern Kentucky that we’re working closely with them on. The triangle area around that has been an important growth area for the company for some time. So we’ll be anxious to put infrastructure in place with additional infrastructure is needed. And I think about our approach to economic development in general, we’ve been very aggressive in our service territories making investments to attract businesses. And that will be our approach here as well if we get that opportunity for the Carolinas.
Lynn Good: I believe we have a robust plan season where we have been disciplined in establishing business cases for each of these investments, to deliver benefits to customers whether it’s regular customer experience whether it’s reliability metrics. We do have the ability to change the timing, accelerate, slowdown depending upon the needs of customer needs in the jurisdictions. And I would expect as the system continues to grow, which we would see it doing over the next 10 years. The Southeast is attracting an incredible number of new citizens. People migrating to this area that will find continued opportunities to expand our system. So we have a team of people focusing on modernization as a full time assignment to ensure that we’re growing the infrastructure that our safe count on, same for Indiana, same for Florida, same for Ohio.
Lynn Good: Yes. And you know, Michael, I think, you can see the front end impact with the loss of interest shield and resolution. But as you look into our acquired debt -- looking at rate base growth, you can see $2.5 billion to $3.5 billion of rate base over that period. And that's about spending at all of capital. So if that rate base grows in the fundamental business that we operate, low risk high quality jurisdictions to give us confidence that need to maintain the 4% to 6% growth rate really actually [indiscernible] to tax reform in '18, get back within the range in '19, mid to high in '20 and beyond. So the point that you are making around the strength of the rate base curve is exactly right.
Lynn Good: We believe we'll be successful in that market with our -- size of our company sale and credit profile. I think all of this is something that we'll continue to monitor. We’re actually in the tax equity market right now with the projects and are seeing success and putting that together. So we are optimistic.
Lynn Good: Michael, there is a lot of opportunity flow that come through and compliments to the team to proceed to -- as they approach in a disciplined fashion to identify projects that makes sense for us, but we do see good opportunity flow.
Lynn Good: Jonathan, I think, I'll try graph at Carolinas as Steve will trying here too. We not expecting the tax reform will be a part of the DEP case that we are expecting an order on anytime. There is a separate docket this tradition has established. Testimony will be presented in the DEC case around tax reform. And I think it's really an open question on whether or not itself within this case or in a separate docket. But I think in all events, there is an opportunity here to use tax reform, there was an impact of rising prices or investments in the state. The other state, some of them will go automatically in the place for your riders, so in Indiana and Ohio where there is a rider tracking mechanism, those tax reform impacts will go to meaningfully t-mark would be another example of that. And then we'll tailor other jurisdictions based on general rate case timing or separate dockets are established and fee settle will be really customized jurisdiction by jurisdiction. 
Lynn Good: And you may remember it's -- just one point on that. ACP was a competitive process early on with negotiated range that came out of the competitive bidding process. And ACP was selected as the most cost effective solution and continues to be the most cost effective solution for customers.
Lynn Good: Yes, we visited with all three of the agencies, Jonathan, in advance sharing with them our perspective, the actions we've taken not only the equity, but the reduction in capital, our focus on cost management, the demonstrating track record and pursuing regulatory recoveries. And we've had a very comprehensive discussion, we believe, we put forward incredible plan to the agencies that support our ratings. Of course, they will deliberate and put the guide of the coming months, but we feel like we've had a very good discussion of very incredible plan like this.
Lynn Good: So, Julien, I would think about 2019 is being within the range, within the guidance range. I think the lower end of the guidance range would be the way to think about ’19 as we’re still getting into get that recovery of the increased rate base investment, because you think about ’19 earnings is going to have to be rate case is prosecuted in ’18 or certain of those jurisdictions. We will see the rider impact and other things. But within guidance, that’s the way, I think about ’19, and then by ’20 mid to high, because we have an opportunity or another year of securing that revenue stream building on that rate base growth. And so $3.5 billion of additional rate base growth without spending and additional dollar of capital, and these jurisdictions, we believe underpins our ability to get in that range by 2020, mid to high.
Lynn Good: Julien, there is about $1 billion of investment in Commercial and Renewables last year. It is modestly higher than that this year. We have introduced half equity for the first time, you may recall. Before tax reform, we thought we will be a tax payer and someone who could use credit sooner than what’s going to happen. And so we have looked at that business in the -- through the lens of tax equity. We do see opportunities from HB 589. And as we just clamp the implications of HB 589, we put that capital in the Commercial business for planning assumption. So I think our message here has been consistent. We liked the business; we have scale in the business. We believe we can invest in a manner that’s profitable for our investors. And the modest increase in capital is HB 589 and other market opportunities.
Lynn Good: Again, Julien, I think, as you know, an equity issuance impact is denominator, right. So it's going to have an impact on FFO, but it has more dramatic impact on our holding company debt, which, of course, will be declining over the five year period, so roughly, its 71%, so more aggressively than what we shared with you last year. The engine for production of FFO is our regulatory businesses and that is not changed in tax reform. So we will go after investment and delivering returns in a way that we historically have by delivering returns in regulated profits and that’s the engine that drive the FFO growth over the period.
Lynn Good: Hi, Michael, I appreciate that question because we have drawn our attention to what we are calling regulatory modernization, which is trying to look at the regulatory mechanisms and match those mechanisms to the way investment occurs. So Indiana, Ohio, multiyear rate plans in Florida, all of those are very well seasoned to work with the type of investments that we're making in the grid and renewable, clean energy et cetera. The Carolinas is where we have a little bit of work to do. We're pleased with the result of HB 589, which puts trackers in place for renewable and for a proof of contract both of which were important. And we as you may recall have also filed for a tracker of around grid investment in our DEC case. Our intent is to follow on a dual path as we did with HB 589. And the commission, how far they believe they can go and then pursue legislation if need to finalize that work. I believe it’s a win-win; the type of investments that we're making will deliver immediate customer benefits. It minimizes the impact on price to customers. And I believe with tax reform is another tool we should be able to find our way that something works for customers and for the investments we are trying to put in the place. So the focus of modernization is throughout all the jurisdictions, but we have some specific objectives we are trying to achieve in the Carolinas.
Lynn Good: So publics have produced some testimony. They have some questions about what is modernization really question the type of investments. They like some of them better than others. We believe that there is a strong case throughout the program around modernization, but they also introduced the notion of the cap if the commission board will approve the tracker. So I believe there was a good start to a conversation that we will continue as part of this case.
Lynn Good: Praful, I would just say a reasonable timeframe at this point. We're early in the process of this discussion with our jurisdictions, and it's going to be jurisdiction by jurisdiction. As I said a moment ago, some of the riders' mechanisms will be treated differently in the general basis rate case. So as we've learned more in these dockets that are opened in front of the jurisdictions will be prepared to share more specifics on that, but believe that we put together a plan here with the reasonable set of outcome.
Lynn Good: It’s really reflecting the benefit of the equity issuance, Praful. So we are delevering the holding company with the equity issuance.
Lynn Good: So there is a modest trending up ACP and other things and then down again. So that's the starting point in ’18 and the ending point are flat.
Lynn Good: Relatively flat end-to-end. We can probably take you through financing schedules after the call, Praful, if there is more detail that we can help you with.
