Steve Young: Well, I think what I would refer you to Shar is the slide we discussed 10. Where we looked at our core businesses, when you isolate international with our core businesses they have grown consistently at 5% from 2013 through ’15 and we would expect that to continue. The international business has involved which moved from a $0.60 per year business to $0.30. And that’s been the challenge we’ve had to deal with in 2015, that’s difficult to overcome. So we billion rebasing in ’16 makes sense in light of what international has done.
Steve Young: There has been a lot of activity in this area Shar, recently there was a technical note that was issued by an arm of the government and that’s really just a document that summarizes discussions to-date, a number of discussions are occurring. The government is targeting issuing effectively an executive order this calendar it remains uncertain exactly when, but that’s their target. And what that order might say is not certain at this point either. So there is more work to be done here. I would say that in general the views of people and the government and the regulators have been constructive with regard to generators in our position. So there is more to come there in the meantime, the injunctions are still in effect and that has provided some relief to us.
Steve Young: And we have committed projects for 2016 lined up as well to keep the growth going there and also in our commercial portfolio as you move forward we will start to see earnings from our pipeline investments kick in as well.
Steve Young: What we are looking at Jonathan is we will set a base year or anchor year off of 2016 and then you would see 4% to 6% growth from there. And we think we’ve got to do that given the changes in international we think it’s stabilized and it’s moved from again a $0.60 business to a $0.30ish business going forward. So where we base with ’16 as the anchor we see a 4% to 6% growth there, underlined by the strong core business growth in the track history that it shows and some potential modest growth in international from that new lower level.
Steve Young: It's a little early to tell on pension you got to take a look at the discount rate right at year-end, and who knows where that will go, if the Fed raises rates or something that could have an impact on it, I don't think it would be any huge change that we’re looking at in pension expense, at this point but again with it being so sensitive to the discount rate, we would -- it's a little early to say precisely.
Steve Young: Our dividend is growing about 4% now. I believe that we’ll move above the 70% target level for a while. But as we grow we believe we’ll return back to our target level.
Steve Young: Michael right now, a lot of the net income bottom-line benefit from the renewables, the commercial renewables business comes from the tax benefits. There is some profitability on the non-tax side in the ongoing margin, but the bulk of the earnings comes from the tax benefits. So your question is when these tax benefits when and if they expire what happens there. I think based on what we have seen and heard now there will still be a market for renewable power as no states are backing off RPF standards and that’s a basis for a lot of the growth here is responding to RFPs to meet these requirements. The PPAs in the contracts may have to change with the absence of the tax benefits. And the pricing may have to change, but we will still structure this business to provide profitability here. I would also add that the cost for the renewables is going down and will help offset some of the tax benefits that exists.
Steve Young: We’ve heard various guesses that how long it will be extended, we think there is a good likelihood of at least one year, two years is possible as well, and the impacts for 2015, for one year extension is in the range of $0.04 for us if you go beyond into a two year extension, it could be a similar number just depends on our overall tax positioning the issue for us is we’re toggling in and out of an NOL position and which makes us perhaps unique in the industry, if you are deeply within an NOL or outside of an NOL position. This extension doesn’t have an impact and it depends a bit on when we come out of that NOL position, which depends on other factors. So it's a little hard to predict beyond ’15.
Steve Young: Yes. I think that your statements are correct there is some rounding in some of these schedules I believe is the difference in your sense. But we’ve returned to normal weather this quarter last year, it was mild weather.
Steve Young: We’re looking at filing in I would say in the late teens it depends upon investment plans and other factors there that we’d look at jurisdiction by jurisdiction. But generally we’re looking at rate cases in the Carolinas in the late teens.
Lynn Good: We expect to close Piedmont Shar towards the end of ’16 into ’17, you may recall from our announcement a week ago that we laid out a calendar. We will work as aggressively as we can to close it but I think a year is a good planning assumption.
Lynn Good: Dan, I would go back to the Steve’s comments on Slide 10 with the intent to rebase off of 2016 and move to 4% to 6% from that point forward. We see the dividend trending slightly above 70% in the very near-term. And so if I look at the strength of the dividend, the dividend is really driven by the underlying core business, which is growing quite well and given the investments we have put in place, we believe that it will continue. And so we have confidence in growing it at that rate and allowing payout ratio trend out modestly in the short-term we think it’s a smart decision.
Lynn Good: We are still at work Dan on our plans and we’re targeting to absorb inflation plus and we think that's going to be a combination of a number of things that we build a strong foundation on but we are going after productivity and efficiency and the company as you said has demonstrated a great ability to control cost and we see even more potential in to ’16.
Lynn Good: This year we’ve been impacted by wind resources Dan and I think that's a theme that you have seen with others that have significant renewable exposure. So we expect our restoration of that to more normal levels as part of our planning for ’16 and then we do intend to continue to deploy capital in a way that meets our return expectations, so we would expect to see some growth. I think over the long-term the cash spreads and other things will have to be evaluated, but we see ongoing momentum around renewables.
Lynn Good: Dan, I think we’ve been working with a 0.5% to 1% for some time and I think a 0.5% seems to be the range that we’re in. And I think it’s all the things you talked about it is synergy efficiency, it is housing patterns and even volatility in industrial. We had strong industrial growth when you dial back in this quarter. So what we are focused on as we kind of link this discussion to our cost structure, is planning to cost structure that can absorb that variability and also be positioned for modest very low load growth if that's the direction things continue to head.
Lynn Good: And so what I would add to that Jonathan, if you could look at the Slide 10, you see the regulated and commercial portfolio, the blue bar that's the bar that's growing at 4% to 6% and then you have an international business, which is about $0.30 in ’15 so it would add to that and grow modestly. So that's the direction that we are trying to provide here with expectations for ’16 and then we think from that base, we are in a position to grow at 4% to 6% going forward.
Lynn Good: Steve I would say slightly differently. And in 2015, I think the team has done an extraordinary job of offsetting. What is happened in international, we started the year with an expectation, they would deliver 345 and they’re delivering just north of 200 million. And that’s an execution on strategic initiatives more timely and that’s been running the business slow and taking advantage of good weather and other things that have developed. As we look forward, we did not have an expectation earlier in the year of weather international with rebound, the depth of the currency issues, were difficult to forecast at that time, the economic implications. And so as we sit here, closing the year we see a rebound on water conditions in hydrology, but we continue to see headwinds on currency and economic growth. And so we think it’s appropriate in light of what we see today to establish a baseline of about $0.30 for ’15 on international. And then we do believe it’s stabilized and we see an opportunity for modest growth from there. I think what is important is that the 90% of the business regulated in core has demonstrated strong growth over the period of ’13 to ’15 and we think that will keep going. As a result of all the investments we have put in place and our ability to execute.
Lynn Good: Yes. So the growth rate is not dependent on Piedmont. We believe the base business itself, the investments that we’ve outlined, the way the business is executing is capable of growing 4 to 6. So we see Piedmont as incremental to the growth rate. And…
Lynn Good: Michael, we are not getting that specific on how each of these drivers impact, so what I would direct you to is think about our O&M spend and we are at work to not only offset inflationary impact to drive those costs lower in ’16. So I think about weather and we always start by planning normal weather and then we’re building up with investment earnings as well as cost control.
Lynn Good: I think we will probably take that question offline. Jim, I’m not sure we’ve got a cash flow statement sitting in front of us here.
Lynn Good: I think we’ve given you the drivers, if you look at the slide, on Slide 10 to grow the base business at 4% to 6% add to it international with modest growth and so I think we’ve given you a pretty good sense of where we think it will be and of course we’ll give you more detail in February, as we finalize our business plans so that you can understand more specifically how much of it is coming from O&M and how much is coming from each of the business segments.
Lynn Good: So Ali, we have really been working throughout ’15 to offset weakness in international and have been successful in doing that through a variety of things including favorable weather, as well as early closings on the Eastern Power Agency and the stock buyback. As we look to the fourth quarter though we always plan for normal weather, we started out with October being mild, we have storm expense sitting in October, we have a slighter, weaker currency as a result of some of the movements that occurred in September and then we also talked about the extension of bonus depreciation. We don't know for sure, but it feels to us like that will likely get extended and if it does, because of our cash position, it results in a modestly higher effective tax rate for the company. So all of those things considered, we think $4.55 to $4.65 is an appropriate range at this point.
Lynn Good: And of course all the cash flow. Cash flow is positively impacted, if it is extended, so let see if this is giving you as earnings for certain.
Lynn Good: Our focus has certainly been this year, Ali trying to run the business as efficiently as we can, we focused on cost, I think the international team has done an extraordinary job in a difficult market, we think it stabilized and hopefully, we’ll see a slightly better picture in ’16. I think the portfolio is always under review. The fact that we added Piedmont is consistent with our view that we wanted more natural gas in the portfolio. So that’s an ongoing review, in the meantime we’re also taking advantage of the international cash as you know.
Lynn Good: And Paul the other thing I would know the share count is going to have a difference between ’14 and ’15, because of the share buyback.
Lynn Good: Yes. So we would expect securitization to move through the process in ’16 Paul. So we don’t come into the cash flow as a company and be used for investments or 4 billion debt in the short-term. But we do see at as the cash flow item that over a long-term basis could be used for long-term investments Piedmont being one of them.
Lynn Good: So there is nothing fancy about this Paul. Whether you use an annualized number or whether you use what is paid out I think it’s all a matter of small rounding. I would calculate the payout ratio the way you typically do for every other utility.
Lynn Good: So thank you everyone for joining us today for your interest and investment in Duke Energy. Our fourth quarter earnings call which will also include our updated financial forecast will be held in February and we look forward to seeing many of you in the coming months and at the EEI Conference next week. Thank you.
