James E. Rogers: Thanks, Lynn. In summary, we are focused on our overall mission to deliver affordable, reliable and increasingly clean energy to our customers in a safe manner, while providing attractive returns to our investors. We have important work ahead of us for the remainder of the year and we know what we need to do. Our efforts will center on efficiently integrating the operations and people of the combined company; achieving the benefits to customers and investors we expected from this transaction; meeting our financial objectives of achieving our earnings guidance range, increasing our dividend and maintaining a strong balance sheet; successfully managing our generation projects and resolving Crystal River 3; filing rate cases in the Carolinas for both Duke and Progress by the end of the year; and finally, moving forward constructively with our regulators and key stakeholders. Before I open up the phone lines for your questions, let me correct one thing that I've said earlier. In talking about the first delamination, I said that NEIL has made payments but has withheld payment of approximately $70 million. I said $7 million. Maybe that was just wishful thinking, but they withheld payment of approximately $70 million, the majority of which relate to replacement power costs. With that, let's open up the phone lines for your questions.
James E. Rogers: Dan, I'm not going to speculate on the outcome of the commission's investigation or our settlement discussions. We're going to continue to work closely and maintain an open dialogue with the commission. Chairman Finley, at the end of the hearings, offered up the possibility of a settlement and we're clearly working in that direction.
James E. Rogers: I'm really, Dan, not going to address the issues that are being discussed in the settlement process, but as we get this resolved -- and our goal line is, as quickly as possible, to put this behind us and move forward, and that's the road that we're on.
James E. Rogers: The decision with respect to whether to replace the members that left really resides with the corporate governance committee and ultimately with the board. And they will make that decision in the coming weeks and months. And so my hope is, as we build this great company, I want everyone at the company to be part of that going forward, and that includes our new board members.
James E. Rogers: Our intent, Dan, is to file our rate cases in the Carolinas by the end of the year. We expect they will address each case on its merits. I look back over the last 5 years. We've had 3 certificate cases, we have had 3 rate cases and all of them have resulted in fair outcomes. And as I look at the commission and its history, it has had a long history of fairly and equitably balancing the interest of customers and investors, and I don't expect that to change in the future.
James E. Rogers: Paul, my view is that we're in the process of reviewing all the numbers, working through them, but we believe that we will be able to hit that 4% to 6% growth. We're going to have to be aggressive with respect to reducing the cost and we're about that now. So more to come on that.
James E. Rogers: And I would address it by simply reflecting on the testimony that was given earlier. We had seen over the last 18 months a deterioration in the operation of the fleet. And one of our missions is to basically invest in the fleet, change the operation of the fleet in a way to allow us to return all those plants to excellence, and that's the mission we are on. Dhiaa Jamil is leading that effort. He has been to all the facilities. They're working together and I have great belief, as we have one of the largest fleets in the country with 11 different units located geographically just in the Carolinas, which is kind of a unique footprint to have all the plants so close together, that we will be able to invest more in the plants that need more investment, but at the same time save cost because we're operating on a fleet basis. So that's something, I think, that at the end of the day, our focus is always on safe and reliable operation of the fleet, and doing it in a cost-effective way is what we plan to do.
James E. Rogers: In that, until we get through the validation process on the gas processor, I mean, we will be primarily focused at using natural gas. That plant has the ability to use syngas or natural gas. In this interim period, while we are going through that validation process, we will run the unit on natural gas. And then when we finish, we will connect the gasifier and produce natural gas because it will be one of the cleanest, most efficient coal plants in the world.
James E. Rogers: We don't view that as a problem and it really goes to 2 things. One is it's in MISO. It will be dispatched in MISO. And at the end of the day, because of the efficiency of the plant, it will be one of the -- the first plant -- coal plants to be dispatched.
James E. Rogers: At this time, I'd like to thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to seeing many of you in the upcoming weeks during the fall sell-side conferences. As always, our Investor Relations team is available for your follow-up calls. Have a great day.
Lynn J. Good: Jonathan, your recollection is right. The 2012 earnings guidance for Progress did assume a successful regulatory order. And although we're still evaluating that regulatory order around the matter of nuclear level-ization, we are presently not planning to file it in 2012. As Jim mentioned, our focus is really on the rate cases for both Duke and Progress.
Lynn J. Good: Yes, Jonathan, the impact of nuclear level-ization in any given year is dependent upon the nuclear outages and the cost considerations and so on, so I can't give you any further insight into that. As we said, we will -- are working diligently on 2013 guidance in bringing the companies together and we'll have information around that early 2013.
Lynn J. Good: Michael, I'm not sure I followed all of that math, but I do think you should consider inflation. As you think about projecting costs into the future, I think you should consider new resources that we bring into the mix. And the 5% to 7% is kind of an industry average of what companies have been able to accomplish. We're going aggressively after that and we'll have more specifics on the impact on '13 and beyond as we give you more visibility into our guidance.
Lynn J. Good: Michael, I don't believe so. We have -- we're working on the settlement and the construct of the settlement which would have us placing into rates, first of all, the return on the agreed-to amount of capital investment and then subsequently placing the plant into service under a rider with depreciation and O&M. We've agreed to a stay-out on the general base rate case but that would be through a filing date of '13. So I don't see those dates changing with the schedule we've talked about today.
Lynn J. Good: Paul, we're evaluating the recent rulings in Ohio. And because we are an FRR entity, we think there could be some applicability of that ruling and we'll be evaluating that. And the basic issue is that a cost-based method of recovery for capacity, in our mind, would be -- result in a greater level of earnings than the stabilization charge that we negotiated in our existing settlement in Ohio. And so we're closely looking at it, we're evaluating it and we'll have more to say as we complete that evaluation.
Lynn J. Good: Hugh, I'll start really commenting on the results and then turn it to Jim for any further color. I think the results of Progress really reflect normal refueling outages for 3 plants, and what you're seeing is the difference between the number of outages in 2012 versus 2011. There were 3 outages in the first half of '12, one outage in the first half of '11. So our focus on nuclear spending, investment capital, O&M is something that we're working through. It's in connection with our normal planning cycle and we'll be reflecting what we believe is appropriate spending across our entire fleet as we look to the years ahead.
Lynn J. Good: I'll start, Andy. Work continues on the engineering related to Crystal River, the risk assessment, a number of factors. And so that preliminary estimate that was shared, $0.9 billion to $1.3 billion, was really developed back in 2011. And the work continues, as we referenced in the script today, and as we learn more and complete the work, we'll be prepared to talk about a more definitive cost estimate, but nothing beyond just trending higher at this point.
Lynn J. Good: Not at this point, Andy. That'll be important -- an important part of consideration in guidance for '13. But you can think of us ramping up savings over time between now and '14.
Lynn J. Good: Yes, Kit, we are up, for the second quarter, 1.3%. On a year-to-date basis, we're up 1.1%. So we just continue to be cautious about what we're seeing, slowing in the broad U.S. economy. Even some of our industrial customers are not particularly bullish, looking at their production to be basically flat with '11. So we believe a reasonable assumption could be flat to 2011, and of course, we'll update you as we know more. But read nothing more into it than just some caution about the U.S. economy.
Lynn J. Good: That's a really good question and something we look at a couple of times a year as we try to forecast what trends we're seeing. I think a reasonable planning assumption, Kit, is kind of in the 1% range. Maybe we'd trend to 1.5% as you get further in the decade, but we are not forecasting anything stronger than that at this point.
Lynn J. Good: Kit, I think the assets that we're talking about are very significant contributors to the Commercial Power segment, so that would be the place to look in terms of your overall contribution to the company. And I think in terms of, is it accretive, dilutive, would depend upon pricing and the timing of any decisions. So that's the perspective I would give you.
