Lynn Good: Sure. Shahriar thank you. And we're pleased that the leaders of the state came together in this bipartisan way to provide the framework that we are going to be talking about. And in many ways, it's the combination of the process we've discussed with you over the last several years as we've worked toward this clean energy transition. The next step, which is already underway, is rule making around the performance-based rate making and securitization. The commission has outlined a process that should culminate in February for PBR and an April for securitization. And then we would also expect the commission to establish procedures around the shaping of the Carbon Reduction Plan. That is not yet out, but we would expect it to occur as you know, the timeline for that is December of 2022. So a lot of work will go on as this legislation transitions into the regulatory arena. We will be involved, of course, stakeholders will be involved, and on the carbon reduction plans, South Carolina will be a very important stakeholder at the table every step of the way. And so we'll be anxious to provide updates along the way as we reach those milestones. But I feel like this is a very good process to put us on a path to achieve not only our carbon reduction goals, but meaningful investments that will drive returns over this decade and beyond.
Lynn Good: Sure. I appreciate the question and I think we should broaden it really beyond the Carolinas to also note the progress that we expect to make another jurisdictions. We have important IRP filing coming up in November, end of this month in Indiana, which will Is that a pace for the transition. So taking all of those things together, we do see increased capital. And as we open up 2026 and establish a 5-year range, we believe that capital will go to 60 to 65 as we look at the back half of the decade we had shared 65 to 75. We think it's more likely to be in that top half, 70 to 75. And so we do believe we have the potential over time to earn at the top end of our 5% to 7% range, the top half that 5% to 7% range. And so we have some work to do with rulemaking and beginning the execution. But we have a long runway of capital investment and this regulatory modernization will be helpful, not only to align investments with benefits to customers, but also to allow us to more effectively put capital to work and deliver returns.
Lynn Good: I believe there's a lot of conversation going on. Steven in both Indiana, in Florida, in the Carolinas around the clean energy transition. And that has been building over the last several years and so you see increasing opportunities for renewable investment, for storage investment, energy efficiency, demand response investment will be a part of it. In some of our states also, a keen interest in getting a base amount of electric vehicle infrastructure in place. And so I do believe the momentum is picking up, of course, all states are watching what's going on at the federal level. And the tax incentives, in particular, can be additive to our progress in the states. And so I see a great deal of alignment between what we are trying to accomplish, where our states are going, and the discussions that are underway in Washington.
Lynn Good: Steve, and I certainly think it can result in acceleration. And that gets down to the target and the timeline that's being established. And I know a lot of debate will occur around those 2 items. Affordability is another factor that we need to keep into the equation. And we have affordability, reliability kind of top of mind as we pursue these goals. But I do believe transition of the bulk power system, both generation and grid is underway with a lot of tailwinds behind it. And we are trying to proceed in a way that works for our states, our customers, the economy. But along the way, importantly, it will deliver meaningful investments for our investors. And so I do see just a long runway of investment opportunity operating and in all of these states, driven by both state and federal tailwinds.
Lynn Good: Jonathan, I'll take that. This is a pretty dynamic area and we're yet this morning coming through what came out of the house last night, a couple of thousand pages. We do believe it will apply to regulated nuclear. We do believe that it'll apply for a 6-year period but we're anxious to learn more and study this a bit more. So at this stage of the game, we're talking more about -- we believe regulating nuclear is included, but more to come on how all of these elements fit together.
Lynn Good: Sure. And you know, Jonathan, if you think back to the scenarios that we put forward in the 2020 IRP, there were a couple of scenarios that got to that 70% level. One included offshore wind, the other included advanced nuclear small modular reactor. We do see a need over time to put in some of these next-generation, although offshore wind very mature in Europe, not as much here in the U.S., but these clean energy technologies. And so I believe this will be an important discussion as the carbon reduction plan is developed, and we will go into that engaging with our regulators, policymakers, communities, to come up with a thoughtful approach on how to incorporate these technologies. And so I think more to come on that as this carbon reduction plan begins to take shape in '22.
Lynn Good: Julien, I think the best thing I could point you to at this point is back to the IRPs. And if you look at the volume of solar and storage, the level of coal retirements, the additional resources that will be added to maintain reliability. As you move towards 70% carbon reduction, there are megawatts. And so that's what we are looking at. And this will be important as we go through the carbon reduction planning process commission, of course setting that procedural schedule. There will be a lot of opportunities for discussion, stakeholder in South Carolina at the table. But I would point you back to those IRP because I think that's probably the best place to really begin thinking about the magnitude of the transition.
Lynn Good: I would say it's too early to tell. We will not unilaterally make a decision. Julien on what technology makes sense for our customers in the states in which we operate. So we believe continued discussion engagement with the regulators, policymakers, communities will be important to this decision. We are evaluating offshore wind. I think you may have noticed there was a proposed sale notice issued for a lease off the coast of North Carolina. The Kitty Hawk lease area is also there. So I would just say it's -- there's more to come here. And as this carbon reduction plan begins to take shape, we'll have an opportunity to further these stakeholder discussions to develop the plan that makes sense for our customers in the states in which we operate.
Lynn Good: Well, and Julien, I would say it's about 3 weeks away, so the filing is November 30th and as you know, we have been working on reducing the useful life of coal. We did so in connection with the rate cases that were finalized last year. And we will continue to work on coal retirements, diversification, adding renewables, so you can expect to see more at the end of this month on Indiana. And we're actively engaged in the Stakeholder process there, as this work continues.
Lynn Good: You know, Ryan, I would think about the same as a very customer-focused initiative. And we've had a lot of work done with outside parties to look at the potential and we believe annually customers would save in the range of 40 to 50 million in the near term and up to a 100 and 150 million over the longer term. So we see it as a way that provides greater visibility around the operation of the Southeastern grid and gives us the opportunity to integrate more renewables. So that's how I would think about it here in the near term. And we think it represents a great opportunity to continue to mature the renewable investment here in the Southeast.
Lynn Good: Well, Ryan, I would say we will be within our 5% to 7% growth rate every year, over the 5-year period. Steve shared with you in his remarks what we see those drivers being. So the Florida multiyear rate plan, we’ve got of course, load growth and I'm just referencing that [Indiscernible] a number of other areas. So we'll give you more specifics on what it means in February but I feel like we've got a very solid plan for 2022.
Lynn Good: In a rate case activity, Ryan, I was just looking at this slide, Ohio Electric Distribution, Piedmont, North Carolina, South Carolina, Kentucky, so here is a rate case activity also, I would point to.
Lynn Good: And Steve, I'm not going to comment on the press report, but what I will say is we remain in very constructive conversations with Elliott. We are open to a constructive settlement and as I've said many times, our decision process around this will center on terms that we believe are in the best interest of our shareholders and our Company. But constructive conversations continue.
Lynn Good: Steve, we are evaluating when the appropriate time is for a rate case, as we always do, you point to something that is certainly a consideration. Its rule making process will continue into 2022 and evaluating the timing for a rate case that not only would contemplate that rule making, but also reflect capital investment is work that's underway. And as we have a better sense of that, we will update you. But some work to do, I guess around this rulemaking that I referenced before, we would file under that plan.
Lynn Good: That's an interesting question and depending on the timing of the rule-making, I think it would be good to try to reflect that in the rate filing. Right now, the commission is on target for rule making for PBR by February. That's an aggressive time frame. I know there's a lot of work to do, but to pick up PBR within the rate case would certainly be an objective if the timing works out.
Lynn Good: I would think about traditional rate-making on those, Michael. And some of the units will have dual-fuel capability, so they will continue running on natural gas for a period of time. So I would think about that way.
Lynn Good: I wouldn't regard it as being left out of the bill but I would regard it as those decisions around clean technologies will be part of the carbon reduction plan and overseen by the Commission, where they will also be evaluating affordability and reliability. So I think more to come on it, Michael, and what technologies will be necessary to hit these goals, and what works for the states, which technologies make the most sense for our policymakers and communities.
Lynn Good: All right. April, I'll take it from here. I want to thank everyone for participating today. I know we have a chance to see many if there all of you next week at EEI. So we look forward to continuing the conversation and IR, of course, is always available if there are questions following this call. So thanks again for your investment.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey. So Okay. So perhaps just to come back to the 70% piece, obviously, well done on getting the legislation done, I'm curious if you can be more --
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: -- specific about -- indeed, absolutely. I know it's been a long ride so we're finally here. To that point though, when you're thinking about the top half here of the 65 and 75, what are the specific moving pieces that you're thinking about that gets you there? What are the debate points around the 70%? I know you touched earlier about balancing bill headroom against perhaps various other considerations, but if we can talk more changeably about different scenarios or different combinations, if you will, I'm just trying to understand how you get to that upper end, if you will, in terms of the incremental requirement.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Yeah. I hear what you're saying. And nothing more specific yet on a definitive timeline on IRP for Indiana in terms of exit from coal, etc. I know that some of your peers have already kind of made broad statements on that front, but that -- we got to wait here, so.
