Lynn J. Good: Yeah. You know, Shar, we have included in the plan we shared with you in February, grid investment that is generally consistent with these programs that we're talking about. We'll of course fine tune those in February when we give you an update on the five-year plan. And the approach that we've taken both in North Carolina and South Carolina is to complete economic impact studies for the benefits of these investments, also customer benefits that would be delivered directly. And we're in the process of discussions with stakeholders throughout both states, and what this investment potential could mean. We have a couple of pads on recovery which we've talked about. Of course our ultimate goal is modernization of the regulatory framework in North Carolina to allow more timely recovery of these types of investments. But in parallel, we're also pursuing recovery of grid investment in our rate case for Duke Energy Carolinas. We'll pursue a similar path in South Carolina, probably approaching first through the regulatory process and determining whether anything further is required. So, I think this represents just further underpinning of the growth that we've laid out for you and why we have confidence in our ability to deliver at 4% to 6% reaching to the higher end of the range as these investments continue to grow and accumulate.
Lynn J. Good: Sure. You know, Shar, we have no interest in the new nuclear plant in South Carolina and we've been clear about that. Given the risks and the uncertainties around completion of that plant, we don't think there's a fit either for customers or investors and we've been very candid with the state about that. As you indicate, South Carolina is incredibly important to Duke Energy. We operate important businesses and important assets in the state. We're announcing today our willingness to invest another $3 billion. So, we are continuing to operate well within the state. We're engaged and supporting our businesses in a way you would expect, but no interest in pursuing new nuclear.
Lynn J. Good: Sure. Stephen, let me take the Dominion question first. There is precedent in the State of North Carolina for recovery of coal ash in the Dominion case with return oven on. And similarly in South Carolina in our own case, we received recovery of coal ash and return oven on. As you know, this is an important topic in the North Carolina cases and we are in the process of reviewing the arguments that were presented by public staff and the intervenors and we'll be responding to those very comprehensively with our rebuttal testimony on Monday. We believe that these costs are squarely within the law. They represent environmental compliance costs, and we have pursued our approach around closure of basins and around the science and engineering necessary to support compliance with the federal and state law in a very appropriate, aggressive way with science and engineering underpinning our decisions every step of the way. We believe we have a very strong case that we'll put forward on cost recovery for ash.
Lynn J. Good: Stephen, I think there's an opportunity to look at methods of recovery. If you look at our filing position, we put forward a couple of ideas for consideration by the Commission. There's a traditional deferral and amortization for costs incurred to-date and we proposed recovery of those over a five-year period. And then we also proposed a run rate, which would be to say including a certain amount in customer rates on a current basis, kind of matching the spend, which results in a lower overall cost, because it's without a return, right? It's as you spend it. We think that provides a fertile opportunity for discussion about what makes sense to customers. And that'll be a part of this case as you know. But flexibility around timing always is an opportunity.
Lynn J. Good: Yeah, Steven, you're raising a question that we're looking very closely at. And we are evaluating and reading it closely, not only at Duke, but as an industry. I think it's important to recognize that this was a positive step and I think there's clear recognition in the language of the capital we spend, the impact to customers, the importance of interest, forgoing capital expensing normalization, excess deferred taxes are transitioned in an appropriate way. And so, when we look at the holding company, the area that we're focused on is this allocation to a trader business in a regulated utility and we'll be looking very closely at that, we believe, and we will also be engaged in discussions around intent and clarification and will be closely pursuing that over the next several days and coming weeks. But I think the important thing is, there's clear recognition of our industry in this framework, the importance to infrastructure economic development and we believe there could be a path forward on this.
Lynn J. Good: You know, Michael, we can't comment at this point on whether we're engaged in settlement discussions or whether we will be engaged in settlement discussions. We're in a tight and important time period over the next couple of weeks. What we can talk about is rebuttal testimony on Monday, on November 6. I think that'll give you a very clear view of our response to the arguments that have been put forward. And then the hearing is scheduled for November 20.
Lynn J. Good: The only modification that I would make to that, Steve, is to say, we always fine tune these capital estimates as to timing, near-term, longer term. But you'll recall back in February, we laid out grid investment as a key priority of ours and what we've done is continue to put flesh on the bones and brand them and do the important work with stakeholders. So, it is part of that strategy we laid out. We'll be fine tuning where and how much as we go forward, but you should think about it as part of our strategic plan.
Lynn J. Good: You know, it's in the plan, Steve, in the same way I just described for South Carolina. And we are pursuing it on a couple of courses, right, the legislative initiatives that we've talked about. It's also – the DEC piece is also in our Duke Energy Carolinas case, which will proceed in early 2018. So we'll continue to update as we go. We're obviously looking for ways that we can continue to accelerate that investment for the benefit of our customers and achieve the appropriate regulatory outcome.
Lynn J. Good: You know, Michael, I believe there's a keen interest on the part of South Carolina for expanded and continued investment in gas infrastructure, for the reasons that you talked about. Our focus obviously is on the project as it's defined and constituted today, so it's been on – we're pleased with the FERC approval, we're moving forward with state approvals. But as the construction progresses, we'll of course be looking for ways that we can continue deliver value to customers in the states in which we operate.
Lynn J. Good: I'm just not prepared to give you specific timing, Michael. So the timing that you talk about is certainly within our planning horizon. We want to get ACP in first, which is late 2019, so we'll talk more specifically about expansion opportunities as time progresses here. So I wouldn't read anything into when or where it falls in that timeframe, but we do believe that additional infrastructure could be important to our customers and to the states in which we operate.
Lynn J. Good: Michael, I believe the Commissions could provide tracking recovery in both states for this type of investment. And you see us making a request for that in the Duke Energy Carolinas case. I would also say that the Commission will give us feedback on that and if they believe additional clarification is required to the legislature, we could certainly pursue it there as well. So, I think this is something that remains an ongoing topic of discussion for Duke as we think about modernizing our system and delivering value to customers. We're engaged with stakeholders, we're talking about the benefits that this brings. And we'll just continue to progress it. We see it as a terrific not only opportunity for customers, but obviously investors as well.
Lynn J. Good: You know Greg, I think the clarifying question there or clarifying point there is, who is a filer? Is it the individual tax payers or is it an affiliated group and consolidated group? And I think, depending on that interpretation and the corporate structure of any utility, that will have a bearing. What we believe is that the combination of the allocation of interest to trades or businesses that are regulated coupled with the 30% and the structure that we have in front of us, we believe we've got a framework here that we can work with. But as you know, it's 24 hours. Everyone's reading every word. Everyone's looking at all the interpretations. We're meeting with the industry. And I think the early read is, we see a lot of positive recognition of our industry. But we want to continue to make sure that we've got the appropriate interpretation and see if any clarification is necessary as this bill progresses.
Lynn J. Good: Yeah. So, Julien you may recall, we filed a South Carolina Duke Energy Progress case recently. So, we'll be evaluating capital investment to prepare that utility to go back in. And then, we're evaluating timing on Duke Energy Carolina, South Carolina and also looking at our investment plan to catch that case at the right time. So we always are fine tuning the regulatory calendar. It may move up, it may move back, but what we're trying to communicate today is we see grid investment as an important part of growth in those utilities and we'll be pursuing timely recovery.
Lynn J. Good: You know, Julien, we couldn't be more pleased with the integration of the Piedmont system, not only in terms of the business that they bring, but the expertise and the focus on natural gas. And with the position that Duke holds as a company, second largest consumer of natural gas, we see that as a growing opportunity for us. We're also pleased with progress on Atlantic Coast pipeline. I mean that's a $2 billion investment for us and we're anxious to get construction underway later this year. But we will continue to look for ways we can leverage our market position and expertise to bring investment into the gas business.
Lynn J. Good: The Florida settlement also Ali, lays the path in Florida for both grid and renewables. And House Bill 589 in the Carolinas also provides a pathway on additional investment around renewables in North Carolina. So all of the steps you see us taking in 2017 are underpinning confidence in those capital investment plans. They're transparent, they're clear and understandable, and they're projects that we have expertise to deliver.
Lynn J. Good: You know, Ali, when we talked about guidance this year, we were clear that the plan we've put in front of you gives us the ability to be within the range every year and that is really in response to that question about, will you fall outside of the range because of general rate cases et cetera. The plan we've put in front of you puts us squarely within the range every year. And so that's what we're executing to. And as you know, we'll give you a fuller update on the specifics around 2018 and refinement of the capital in February.
Lynn J. Good: Well Chris, we'll comply with the law. We have state and federal requirements; CAMA in North Carolina, CCR in the Carolinas, and then throughout our service territory. So that's what we are – we'll comply with all of those requirements. And we will aggressively pursue recovery, and we'll have more to say about that, of course, as we work through these rate cases. There are court appeals and other avenues we could pursue if we think that's appropriate. We believe we have a very strong case.
Lynn J. Good: You're probably thinking about the risk rating in North Carolina, Chris. So we have certain sites that are due by the 2019, 2024, 2029. There are also timeframes within CCR. So you may have flexibility within a year or so, depending on how you ramp up the activity. But when you look at the project overall, the team is doing an outstanding job of balancing the compliance requirements with the spending in a way that minimizes cost to the extent we can, but of course complying with the law, as we always will.
Lynn J. Good: No. You know, Chris, the other thing I'd point to is, we've had weak wind resources in 2017, which has had an impact on results year-to-date. So we're continuing to operate the assets well. There will be weather variability, and there will be some variability around timing of projects, particularly those that are impacted by ITC, but nothing additional that I'd share with you from a strategic point of view on that segment.
Lynn J. Good: No, you know Praful, we do have certain of our utilities flowing up into the tax payer called Duke Energy Corporation, just the way we are structured. And so, I think there are a couple of avenues we're looking at; this allocation to trader business, a regulated utility, and then of course the 30% test. So, we believe we see a path here, but it's 24 hours. We want to take the time to understand, get the clarification. But I think the progress that we've made in this, and the recognition of our industry, is something that should not be overlooked.
Lynn J. Good: Yeah, so Praful, I would point again to this rebuttal testimony that we're filing on November 6. We disagree with the positions that were put forward on ash in particular, as well as a number of other items that were highlighted in the testimony. We believe they're not supported by precedent or the law, and we'll make those positions very clear. We are open to settlement discussions. Cannot comment on whether we are engaged or will be engaged in those discussions. But the process needs to play out over the next couple of weeks; hearing's of course on the [November] 20. And I think the potential implication to the financial results, we'll share with you when we have more information to share, and I think this is just a process that's going to need to unfold, not only over the next couple of weeks, but of course the Commission order is not expected until early 2018.
Lynn J. Good: Great. Thank you. And thank you for your interest and investment in Duke Energy. We look forward to seeing many of you next week at EEI and continuing discussion. So thanks again for your time this morning.
Steven K. Young: Yes. The impairment was of some wind farms in West Texas, the Ocotillo wind farm. That had been acquired quite a while ago, roughly 10 years ago. And as we look forward, we see a lot of exploration of the PTCs because these are older facilities, and those are uncontracted assets selling into the merchant market, and some of those prices are projected to be pretty low. So those factors led to the impairment of those assets. Most of our facilities, our renewable facilities, are contracted with third party off-takers. This is one of our earlier ones that was not.
Steven K. Young: You know, Michael, we certainly have recognized some synergies with the Piedmont merger, in fact, in excess of what we'd originally projected. Most of those are in corporate type functions. I think as we look forward over the next few years, there's a lot of opportunities for synergies, particularly in the distribution area, as we roll out some of these grid investments that we've been talking about. Smart meters will displace the need for meter readers. Technology along the grid will allow us to know how equipment is performing and help us optimize around maintenance activities. Those are examples of things to come. We've already seen great success in the generation areas around fossil and nuclear efficiencies, but we've got a lot of good functions that will continue to drive efforts in the efficiency areas.
Steven K. Young: Well, I think the $37 billion has been well vetted here. We have very good ideas on the grid spend in terms of targeted undergrounding, smart meters, storm hardened equipment. When you look at the piece of the $37 billion, that's related to generating cleaner energy, we have generation facilities such as Citrus or Lee CCs. We've got – our gas growth portion of the plan, $6 billion is very well defined between ACP and the Piedmont distribution investment. So I think we have a very high percentage of plans that we can lay our hands on.
Steven K. Young: Well that, again we will be rolling out our tax assumptions in February for upcoming five-year plan. But we've got to think about tax reform that's going on right now and assimilate where that's at. Certainly this year we've done some good work around tax optimization to bring in some tax savings that have lowered the effective tax rate a bit for us. But too hard to predict in the future given what's going on right now. We'll be working on that and rolling that out in February.
