Lynn Good: Sure. And, Julien, I'll take a shot, and I'm sure Steve will have some things to add. I think the headline that I'd like to leave with you is we are on track in 2022 for both commercial and regulated renewables. So the earnings that we have been talking about, the adjustment that we made to 2022, we are tracking exactly to both of those.  For 2023, we continue to prioritize our regulated renewables and they are on track.  As we look at ‘23 for commercial, there is some uncertainty that's been created by this investigation really around price and how that price is going to ultimately impact project economics. So we are planning for a range of outcomes. And what Steve shared with you is that range could include something comparable to 2022 if the delays persist, or we have the potential to do better than that if clarity occurs soon enough so that we can keep projects on track.  I think it's important to recognize that this is a minor amount of capital in the construct of Duke Energy. And so as we think about 2023, we are confident in our 5% to 7% growth rate.  So on income recognition, I'll turn it to Steve to talk a little bit about that, Julien, and then we can circle back and see if we resolve these questions.
Lynn Good: Well, what we were trying to share, Julien is if we do end up shifting, our expectation is the '23 would be in the range of '22.
Lynn Good: Yeah. And then as we look out to 2024, we believe that gives sufficient time, hopefully for these supply chain issues to resolve themselves more clarity on price. And we also see a ramp-up in regulated renewables by the time 2024 rolls around. So we're talking about moving a few projects in the commercial from '22 to '23 if this uncertainty persists. And we'll, of course be monitoring and updating along the way.
Lynn Good: Yeah. And $0.12 is on the high end, Julien, as you would expect, because we're experiencing that interest rate really on short term at this point, and our dollar averaging into long-term rates. But Steve can take you through specifics.
Lynn Good: Hey, Jonathan, it's the latter. We're going to present a range of options on the 70% reduction and then that will be the subject of public hearings and review by the commission. And ultimately, it would be the commission's decision on pace, technologies, price implications, et cetera. And those portfolios reflect the input from stakeholders. So we've had three robust stakeholder meetings. We've also had a series of technical conferences to dig more deeply into topics that are relevant to the carbon plan.  So when we file this on Monday, Jonathan, we will come -- provide information to all of you on what's in there. And then, of course, this will be a centerpiece of our discussion over the balance of the year.
Lynn Good: Sure. A couple of things I would note there. Well over 50% of the multiyear rate planning capital will be transmission and distribution investment. We will include some level of renewables and battery storage consistent with the carbon plan, really targeted for the end of the three-year period. So think about projects that would come in service '25-'26.  And the way the rate cases work here in the Carolinas is we do have an opportunity to continue to update capital beyond filing through the date of the hearing. So that will give us an opportunity to fully understand the approved carbon plan and to the extent that the adjustment needs to be made in capital, we would do so at that time.  So I would think about these things running in -- a bit in parallel, Ryan. But given that the majority of the capital is T&D, we don't expect a material impact on the multiyear rate plan from the carbon plant in this three-year cycle. A lot of impact in the next one.
Lynn Good: We continue to see what you're hearing throughout the industry, whether it's raw materials, labor, of course, fuel costs have been front and center. But as Steve, indicated, we are addressing those risks with improved planning, with our long-term contracts, our scale, inventory, substitution, additional suppliers, just a variety of considerations.  And as we look at O&M in particular, we're confident in our trajectory that we had planned for 2022, and maybe a little background there, Ryan. We had originally been planning for a negative 1%. We raised that to flat, giving us some headroom. And so the combination of all the things I mentioned give us confidence that we're on track for O&M in 2022. And we have yet to see any impact to our overall capital plan as a result of these changes. We've been able to address even delays in supply chain, make substitutions in our projects and keep executing for our customers.
Lynn Good: So Michael, it breaks down almost 50-50. So 1,100 megawatts of renewable resources, 1,300 megawatts of electric generation. And we continue to believe that utility ownership is valuable to our customers. And we'll be putting that forward in our expectation of building renewables, buying renewables that there would be some degree of utility ownership.  And then we'll know more about the dispatchable resources. The results came in May 2. We're still digesting. The third-party administrator has not shared a lot of specifics on that. But if the renewable is any indication, we'll get robust responses to those resources as well.
Lynn Good: I would expect it to be back half of the decade, Michael. You may remember we're under a multiyear rate plan through early 2024. We'll be updating capital in connection with that filing. So it's not going to be in the next couple of years, it would be later.
Lynn Good: And Michael, I would suggest that we look at all of these things. The multiyear rate plan, the storm protection plan is a part of an integrated approach to serving customers in Florida and really thinking about how the impact to price and schedule and our construction activities and our capital. So we plan them in a coordinated way.
Lynn Good: Anthony, I would maybe pull up just a little bit to talk about the alignment between the two states that has existed over decades, whether you think about nuclear or even work around economic development to make sure that we've got investment going in both states.  South Carolina has a strong interest in renewable generation. You may remember Act 62 set out some parameters around renewable construction. And we will continue to work with the state on how the clean energy transition should occur so that both states are able to meet their objectives. And I would think about energy policy as being important to both states. The language may be slightly different. The approach, we believe, will be aligned and coordinated in a way that makes sense for our customers and for our investors.  So I'll leave it at that at this point, Anthony. But a lot of work going on to make sure South Carolina is completely up to date on all that is occurring. And I should indicate that they have been very active stakeholders in the carbon plan in the stakeholder meetings here in North Carolina.
Lynn Good: David, the thing I would point to as I look at ‘24-‘25-‘26, we will be ramping renewable construction in the regulated business in a much more significant way than the short term, the '22-'23 that your customers are seeing.  So think about the Carolinas. We have not had a renewable build in our capital plan in the Carolinas, but that will begin to show up in '24-'25 and '26. We've talked about the fact that we will see an increasing amount of regulated renewables. And that will impact the way we think about capital allocation between regulated and commercial, you'll begin to see that in '24-‘25.
Lynn Good: Yes. And David, I would say there's been ongoing discussion around clean energy policy, around renewable tax credits, around supply chain issues really dating back to the end of last year continuing into this one. We shared the goal with the administration of reaching a net-zero future. And so these elements that we're talking about are relevant to that conversation.  So we believe a timely and efficient resolution of the Department of Commerce Inquiry is important. We also believe that the renewable tax credits are important for our customers as you think about the level of investment that is planned to reach these goals.  So we're very actively engaged in policies that impact our goals for net zero. And I don't see that changing.
Lynn Good: Well, thank you for participation today for questions, for your investment in Duke Energy. And as always, we're available if there are questions or further follow-up on anything that we've covered today. And look forward to talking to you soon. Thanks, again.
Steve Young: Right. Julien, on the ITC recognition, the past couple of years, the projects we've been looking at are three to five years, in that range, depending on the tax equity arrangement, but we've been in that range. The accelerated depreciation benefits have been overall perhaps five to seven type year spread. That's what we've been looking at. But again, as projects move, we look at what the needs are and what makes sense to the tax equity partner as well. But that's kind of where we've been.
Steve Young: That's right. We gave a sensitivity based on variable rate securities in the portfolio. But we -- some things that we've done to mitigate that very significantly have -- we've increased hedging over the past year and half on some of the securities that we knew we were going to be issuing in '22. We've got about 30% of the securities hedged for '22. And we've hedged even some in '23 that we know are going to occur.  So utilization of that, we've been opportunistically going into the market, working with tenure and timing, which, given our scope and scale, we can do pretty well. So we have significantly knocked down of the $0.12 impact to the plan that you might see through those techniques.
Steve Young: Yeah, I think we're kind of out of the gate strongly here. But as Lynn said, we're not going to move off 1.5% at this time because there are other factors we need to think about we're early in the year. But it's nice to continue to see the migration in. And when people move in, the commercial is going to follow that, hotels, resorts, et cetera. And we're seeing robust industrial growth just in our service areas due to economic development efforts and just the general good business climate.  So hopefully, that will carry through and continue on. But we're off to a good start, but we got to keep an eye on it, not time to change the forecast.
Steve Young: We had targeted flat, Michael, and it will certainly be at least flat. Our agility efforts frankly, that we are putting in place, I think, could drive it downward. It will be back half. That's just the timing of when things are aligning. But absent storms, I feel good, certainly about being flat to potentially declining.
Steve Young: Overall, the impact was about a $1 billion increase as a result of updating the SPP filing in Florida, Michael.
Steve Young: That's right. It was a 10-year filing. So Lynn is right, it would probably be in the back part of the year. We'll catch some of that in the latter part of our five-year plan, but the bulk of it is going to be after that.
Steve Young: That's correct. It is a rider. It started in late '21, and it's kicking in this year. That's correct. But most of that increase in spend with the updated filing will be in the latter part of the decade.
Steve Young: Yeah, I think that's right. We look at the rider mechanisms that we've got and the investments that we can make there. And our O&M agility is a core muscle that we exercise in these times. And given our scope and scale, we can look across the footprint. We can look at supply chain and various mechanisms within there as well. So a number of tools across the footprint in that vein, Anthony.
