Lynn J. Good: Dan, we continue to look for ways to invest capital. So you will find some growth capital and our expectations and international, but given the fact that it’s roughly 10% of the business you can expect greater growth, the lion share of the growth coming from regulated. The only other thing I would add that is as I think about regulated earnings growth is not just the utilities I think you put the pipeline into that category as well FERC regulated growth item that will show up in commercial, but nonetheless its important to the growth picture.
Lynn J. Good: Dan I think there are a couple of questions in here, one our competitive positioning and then what is the long-term strategic set of renewables. And we continue to see it as an important place for us to deploy capital. We see growth in that area, but like any element of our business from time-to-time will set back and see where it fits and how does that optimize value, but that’s as far as I would go at this point, overall we see renewables becoming an increasingly part of the generation portfolio. And we’ll continue deploying capital in a manner that creates the most value for our shareholder.
Lynn J. Good: Julien, I would point to guidance for 2015 and then the long-term growth rate of 4% to 6%. And we’ve given you some visibility and what you are going to see in 2016, so we hope to close the Eastern Power Agency. We will begin showing earnings from other launch from capital deployment, we have certain things that will occur on riders. So I think we’ve given you the pieces, we aren’t prepared to give specific guidance on 2016 today, but we feel like we’ve developed the pipeline that will drive growth into the future.
Lynn J. Good: Julien it’s a planning assumption. I think what the accelerated common period that FERC put forward in the settlement that Dynegy has reached with the market monitor, we believe closing could occur more rapidly, but for planning assumptions we put it into the second quarter and we’ll update as events unfold. It’s difficult to predict with certainty FERC’s timeline.
Lynn J. Good: Yes, Brian what I would say we’ll be closely watching oil prices for example I do not - we do not believe that the level we are at today will persist, in Steve’s remarks we set into 2017 we also are not projecting they persist into 2016 at this level either. So we have a combination of things in our portfolio that we think will come together, but I think directing attention to the investments is important because that’s going to be the most significant driver of growth over the long-term for the company.
Lynn J. Good: You know Michael, we are certainly going to use balance recapitalization to address the accident of the Midwest generation business. We think that is an appropriate utilization of proceeds given where we are at this point. I think what you can expect on regulated utilities is that growth will be lumpy at time for lack of a more sophisticated word, because of capital deployment rate case is another thing. So as you look at 2015 it’s a no rate case year, and so we would expect growth to accelerate there around reflection of the earnings from the investments we're putting in place. We also expect commercial will grow as we continue to put renewable investment to work and as the pipeline begins to show up. So I think we could talk to each of these individually, but there will be growth that shows up from deployment of investment and this is share repurchase we think it’s consistent with the exit of a business.
Lynn J. Good: I think you raise a good question and certainly as we undertook the strategic review we were looking at both elements, we were looking at cash optimization and we are looking at growth. I think we came up with an outstanding solution around cash and I think its particularly time really when you think about the level of capital spending and projects we’ve identified in the domestic business, but we do have some near-term headwinds from our growth perspective. The NMC investment was not a part of the strategic review, that’s a joint venture that we are in and towards the later part of the 2020s and so we will continue to have some volatility around oil prices. And I think the business in Latin America we do have some foreign currency, we have hydrology in the short-term, but we believe that this markets represents strong markets over the long-term and we will continue to look for ways we can optimize value out of that portfolio. I think stepping back from all of that we should also recognize that this only 10% of Duke’s business.
Lynn J. Good: Yes, so we use the fund with the forward curves, Paul to plan our business, we’ll of course look at sensitivities around that, but we do not have an independent market view.
Lynn J. Good: Andy I think offline the IR team could talk you through that but I think we are talking about something that’s two or three years down the road and probably a better conversation as we get closer to the rate cases.
Lynn J. Good: Okay, I want to thank all of you for joining the call today and for your interest in Duke Energy. We look forward to seeing many of you in March as we pursue and attend many of the conferences. So thanks again.
Steven K. Young: Yes, that’s correct what we’ve done is recognize the income tax liability associated with historic earnings. Prospectively we will not include any U.S. income taxes. And we are projecting that our effective tax for 2015 will be about 32%.
Steven K. Young: I don’t think we want to get into 2016 versus 2017 at this point, but what I would describe to you is that the growth portfolio is strong, we are projecting to be investing an average of $8 billion a year. 2014 was a relatively low capital year and that’s just the nature of the business in terms of the timing of the resources you need for your regulated business when you are closing deals. We are looking at 2016 being nearly $10 billion of investment and you include the NCEMPA acquisition. And our rate base is growing, our regular rate base growing 6%. So it’s hard to know exactly how that will manifest itself through rates riders AFUDC exactly, but the investment base is growing.
Steven K. Young: Sure, let me give a little color to that, we booked roughly $370 million in the fourth quarter related to this. And that reflects a tax efficient structure, we don’t expect before 2016 any comprehensive tax legislation, there are various proposals that are kicked about and in fact President Obama’s proposal talks about 19% tax on repatriated earnings which would be less efficient then what we put in place. So I think we have maximized our ability to utilize foreign tax credits and taking advantage of our tax positioning pretty well with this structure.
Steven K. Young: Well, I think that we’ve recognized the right liability based on our historic earnings and it basically represents kind of a top off tax between foreign tax amounts accrued and paid and the U.S. tax rate and what is also unique here is that we will not be approving any U.S. income taxes perspectively which helps as well.
Steven K. Young: As we move forward 2014 and 2015 were big years where we stepped into wholesale contracts, so we saw some nice growth there. That will level out a bit after 2015. We will continue to see some growth in wholesale as our existing contracts grow and we step into some smaller ones, it won’t be at the level that we have seen in 2014 and 2015.
Steven K. Young: I think typically when you look at 2015 for the regulated utilities you got the organic load growth that we are looking at for the retail, the wholesale those are pieces there. We should have some growth from Riders and AFUDC as investments build. But again 2014 was a low capital year so we are just starting to build the tank on some of these larger investments such as the lead combined cycle in the Citrus County. So there maybe lag in some of that build up that you see in 2015 relative to where we are going to be in 2016 and 2017 and maybe a part of it there. And then there is what we call rate lag, if you will, and that’s O&M which we are trying to hold in check and have had success doing that thus far, but there is always emergent cost that have to be dealt with. And then there is additional depreciation and interest on capital projects – smaller capital projects that go into service prior to a rate case. So those are kind of the major components. And I think that one of the things you maybe also factoring in is nuclear levelization, which impacts our O&M in an unusual fashion we got a large benefit in 2013 from nuclear levelization as we started to levelize nuclear outage costs. And that has negative impacts in 2014 and 2015. After 2015 we will be through with that and it won’t be a driver.
Steven K. Young: Well, I think you hit the major drivers which are the FX in the crude for international, when you look at hydrology in Brazil I think we are assuming normal hydrology, but I think even under normal hydrology the thermals will be dispatched first throughout the year, that would put some constrains on our hydro generation capabilities or contract pricing does grow and those contracts are profitable. But given the thermal dispatching order even under normal hydrology coming out of two years of drought that will constrict some of our ability to make sales into the spot market. So there is some offsetting things there in Brazil. I think you hit the big drivers for international with FX in oil pricing.
Steven K. Young: Yes, the 10% movement on the price of oil is in the neighborhood of $0.01 to $0.02 and that’s an annual basis.
Steven K. Young: $10 on the price - thinking of the oil always remain on a $100 and then 10% movement on FX rates for the entire year is in the neighborhood of $0.03.
Steven K. Young: And those assumptions around financing basically, if it were finance entirely with cash, then you would be at the upper end of that range, if it were financed 50% at holdco debt and you would be at the lower end of that range. So we are just incorporating some financing sensitivities there.
Steven K. Young: No that would not have a material impact you include some of the earnings from the Midwest gen from that period of time, the recapitalization benefits we kick in earlier in the net of those two is immaterial.
Steven K. Young: There is not a true-up, let me – some of the mechanics I’ll explain, when you file a rate case you will typically look at who are your firm customers retail and wholesale and you will allocate costs in that fashion and in the states we will set retail rates based upon those cost allocated to the retail customer load. So the existence of firm wholesale does impact base rate allocations.
Steven K. Young: Perceptively that’s the way to look at it. Yes, you will reallocate cost based on your retail and wholesale customers again on a perspective basis.
