Lynn Good: Sure. The bill is moving and we are encouraged by what we're seeing. I think you know that it passed the House. We've seen support from Senate leadership, the energy legislation remains a priority, and the Governor has been clear for some time about his strong commitment to carbon reduction and to renewable investment in the State. So we're encouraged that the legislative branch, executive branch and all of the broad stakeholders involved in this process will find common ground. And that has been the long history in North Carolina, bringing diverse parties together in advancing energy policy.
Lynn Good: Yes, Shahriar, we do. And I think your comments around -- it's comprehensive, there are many elements to it, you have a broad range of stakeholders, it is natural and expected that there are going to be different points of view in that conversation. And what HB 951 does is it outlines a path to a clean energy transition. And the discussion is centering around that pace, the cost, maintaining reliability. And we would expect that legislators and the administration will evaluate all portions of this draft bill to find the right balance. So I think advancing clean energy transition remains a priority for the state and its leaders as well as its broad range of stakeholders, and we will keep you informed as the bill continues to move.
Lynn Good: Sure. Julien, I assume that's a comment about Elliott Management. And so let me just answer it in that context and then we can take it any place you want to go. We regularly engage with our shareholders. We regularly review our portfolio, our operations and business strategy. And it has -- our approach around engagement has been similar with Elliott. And we have been in discussions with them for over a year, comprehensively reviewing all of the ideas, engaging advisers when we need to, discussing with our board, all of these ideas. And it's not appropriate for me to comment any further on the specifics, but I would confirm to you that we remain open to a constructive engagement, we'll evaluate all proposals, act on those we believe delivers value to our stakeholders. And I would also say that we remain focused on the serving of customers, maintaining our assets, advancing the strategic priorities around our clean energy transition, and that remains unchanged as well.
Lynn Good: And Julien, we just crossed an important milestone of renewables, so 10,000 megawatts of renewables, which includes both regulated and nonregulated investment. And we see the growth of renewable energy is important to the clean energy transition. Our commercial team continues to deliver. They are forecasting to achieve $200 million to $250 million per year and have been consistent in accomplishing that. So it remains an important part of the company. It remains an important part of our commitment around carbon reduction, our ESG story in general. And the team is on track to deliver in 2021, 2022 and beyond.
Lynn Good: Sure. No. Julien, the plan that we've put in front of you, 2021 to 2025, is not dependent on legislation. We have a high degree of confidence in the ability to achieve our 5% to 7% growth rate. But as we talked about in October of last year and we opened the horizon to what the back half of the decade could look like, we do see acceleration of capital not only in pursuit of retirement of assets and building replacement generation, but also our grid investment as well. So we'll continue to update this in the ordinary course, giving you a view in February of what we think 2026 looks like, but we continue to expect acceleration of capital in the back half of the decade.
Lynn Good: Sure. Jonathan, what I would say is that the timing is difficult to predict in these processes. It is within the hands of the legislative leadership. And we will know more as the bill progresses through the Senate. There was, in fact, a hearing this morning in the Senate, so we'll continue to keep you updated. I think you know that the long session in North Carolina does not have a statutory end date. So we will continue to monitor as it moves through the Senate process.
Lynn Good: Jonathan, we will reset and give you a finer look at where we were trending in the guidance range after third quarter. I mean there's just so much weather volatility here in the Southeast. We have hurricane season underway. So we will continue to monitor that and give you an updated third quarter.  But I would say we're off to a strong start. Strong start on the economic rebound, strong start on maintaining our focus on O&M, delivering on our key milestones around regulatory approvals, et cetera. So I'm pleased with where we are and also pleased to see the economic recovery. Those strong results in commercial and industrial are indicative of the economy opening up, and I think that's a good thing.
Lynn Good: So Steve, the capital plan is basically the base of the IRP. And so you should think about it that way. The 6 scenarios, as you move further to the right and you introduce additional technologies in the time frame, that's where the legislation begins to come in, giving us some flexibility to move more rapidly on some of the retirements, et cetera. So when we talk about the implications of how IRP fits with the legislation, we've got a clear line of sight 2021 to 2025 based on present law, based on the present processes, present regulatory processes. And the opportunity really exists in the back half of the decade. So that's how I would respond. I don't know, Steve, if you'd add anything to that.
Lynn Good: Yes, Durgesh, I would say the infrastructure bill will continue to make its path. We're supportive of a bipartisan approach. I think as an infrastructure builder, our success over many years has been in a bipartisan framework. We're encouraged by the focus on electric vehicles and electric vehicle infrastructure. As you know, that's been a priority for Duke. We have about $100 million targeted on that investment and there's certainly potential to expand it. The President today also has been advocating for 40% to 50% of vehicles -- electric vehicles by 2030. We are also pleased to see investments in 0 and low-carbon technologies, like advanced nuclear, hydrogen, carbon capture, because we believe those technologies are important for a net 0 world. So that's what I would say around infrastructure. I think on the remaining, the reconciliation process, tax policy, climate legislation are all being discussed. I think it's too early to tell how those shape up. But we are engaged with the administration and with Congress, really talking about the tools that would be helpful for us to pursue our clean energy strategy and see a lot of alignment over time. But as you know, in a tight Senate and House, it can be challenging at times to find the right path. But we remain engaged.
Lynn Good: We are getting started, I would say, Jeremy, on RNG. It's consistent with our overall climate targets. Certainly, our goals, 100% methane goal, et cetera, and are working actively to learn more about the technology, learn more about how it impacts our system and have made some very strategic investments. And so I do think there's an opportunity for it to develop over time. And the team is working actively with policymakers, with the communities, suppliers that would be relevant to this. And I think it will be a bigger story as we move forward.
Lynn Good: It's a really good question, Jeremy, because we are in the midst of stakeholder engagement in Indiana as well, engagement with the environmental community, with our large customers, certainly the regulators and other policymakers who are relevant to that process. The goal is decarbonizing. The goal is diversifying.  And if you look at our last IRP that we filed in Indiana, we had about 2,300, 2,400 megawatts of solar starting in 2023, we would expect that to grow. And so we've got a couple of more months here in working through the stakeholder process, but we see this as a next step where we -- in the rate case, we accelerated retirement dates of coal plants. The IRP gives us a chance to expand that discussion on the clean energy transition over the next 20 years. And I think it's an important part of the ongoing conversation in Indiana on how the state will position itself for growth in the clean energy transition. So more to come on that. And as we look forward to November, third quarter poll, EEI, et cetera, we'll have more that we can share around Indiana.
Lynn Good: I think Duke has a strong track record on governance, Jeremy. If you were to look back at the feedback we've received from shareholders and the additional disclosures and adoption of certain practices that we followed, we have been very open-minded about these and we'll continue to do so. So that becomes a key focus here in the fall as we engage with shareholders, specifically focused on ESG topics. Our Corporate Governance Committee is very involved in that. The Board is very involved in some of the conversations with shareholders as well. So you can expect us to continue to be responsive to our shareholders in this regard.
Lynn Good: Michael, it's a really good question because we have -- we do a lot of work around capital allocation. Of course, what meets the needs of our customers, what fits the policy of our state, what delivers the highest return, those are all key considerations. And our Commercial Renewables business has performed well against our benchmarks of what we expect from that business in terms of returns.  But what you're suggesting is, as we see more opportunity in the regulated business, how will that impact commercial, and I would say that will be very closely reviewed as part of our capital allocation plan going forward. I think you also know that we entered a joint venture with John Hancock on the commercial renewable business, recycling that capital in the way that it's been quite effective, and those are the types of transactions we will also evaluate over time. We like the business in the context of our ongoing ESG story and our pursuit of carbon reduction, but we'll closely scrutinize how capital is allocated.
Lynn Good: So Michael, we are active in this area and do make investments. Let me ask Steve to comment. We look at it from a couple of perspectives. Certainly, there's an opportunity to earn a return. But as importantly, there's an opportunity to learn about what's going on in various technology developments and various methods of technologies to serve customers, technologies that could advance carbon reduction. And as part of our treasury corporate development organization, we are focused on investment in that area in a way that complements our business.
Lynn Good: And Anthony, I would just add that Steve runs a tight process around optimizing capital to make sure it's getting spent at a time that matches with that regulatory calendar. So we do all that we know to do to minimize lag. And the result of that is that we have a good track record of earning our return.
Lynn Good: So Anthony, we are strong supporters of nuclear, as you know. And I think, as you look here in the Carolinas, in particular, 50% of the power comes from nuclear across the entire enterprise. 80% of our carbon-free generation is from nuclear. So we are very active. We intend to pursue second license renewal as you indicated. And the discussion in Washington has really centered more around the plants that are exposed to markets, commercial markets. So think about plants in PJM and otherwise. But we have had discussions with a number of people about the importance of nuclear in the transition, and I do believe it is being recognized by the administration and by Congress. And so that's an important area of advocacy for us, not only in existing plants, but on new technologies that would keep nuclear as part of the solution set for the clean energy transition.
Lynn Good: Well, thank you, Cody, and thanks to all of you who participated today for your interest and investment in Duke Energy. And as always, we're available for further discussion, the IR team, Steve and I as well. So thanks again for participating.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So at risk of asking more on the legislation, perhaps I can pivot a little bit more strategically, if you don't mind. And I'd love to hear if you have any latest thoughts with regards to undertaking any further review of the company. I know that there's been a lot of, shall we say, noise out there. And would love to hear your latest thoughts there in. I'll leave it as open ended as you'd like to comment.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent. Thank you for this answer. Perhaps if I can pivot a little bit differently here as you think about the nonutility side of the business. Can you comment at all on just thoughts on scaling that or not? Obviously, it's not been too core of a focus of late, but given some of the pressures across the wider renewable businesses out there, would be curious what you're seeing, if that's impacting any of your timelines and/or aspirations in the business put all together.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. Excellent. And just to clarify, do you intend to wish you would get this legislation done? I know it's always difficult to say, but any updated thoughts at the end of the forecast period how that might change as you've refined your planning. Might be a little bit early and I know it's transient what could ultimately be included, but I figure -- I'd be remiss if I didn't ask.
Steve Young: Yes. So I think as you move towards a more rapid decarbonization number, then the capital increases. I think within our current 5-year plan, the upside would be at the back end of things. I would give that texture to it.
Steve Young: Yes. I would add that we have made investments in various venture funds, and we work closely with the fund managers to understand what the investment profile is. And as Lynn said, it's aligned with our strategy. It looks at things like EVs and new technologies. And we also ensure that there is communication among our operating folks with the funds and the companies that we invest in. So we can transfer learnings there. And we've had some good success there. It's not been material, but we're certainly learning a lot from them.
Steve Young: Anthony, they're performing well. We do look over time at our allowed returns. And we've got a good history across our footprint of earning at or even above our allowed returns. And they'll move around a bit as you're building a rate base for an upcoming rate case. So you'll see some movement around a return based upon some of those profiles. But we feel good about our regulatory cadence and our investments around that cadence. And the execution has been good. The Indiana case and the Carolinas case are coming through nicely. And we're preparing for the future cases that Lynn was discussing. And we think that process is working well.
