Lynn J. Good: Hey, Mike, we're really pleased with the H.B. 589 that we referenced on the call. This was very constructive, I think really a win-win piece of legislation, culminating from a 10-month stakeholder process, and bringing not only the opportunity for growth but reduction of cost to customers, improving reliability and opportunities for additional investment for Duke. So we see it as a demonstrated milestone for us as we continue to advance legislative initiatives in the Carolinas. As you know, additional investment around the grid remains the priority for us, and we have laid a very strong foundation in this legislative session on the compelling business case for customers, and also the case for job creation in North Carolina, and look for ways that we can continue to advance that agenda, not only in the legislature but in the regulatory arena as well. So we see 2017 as being a year that we made great progress and more to come.
Lynn J. Good: There is a procedural schedule that goes with the legislation, Mike, where we need to make a series of filings. So think about this as beginning in 2018 generally. This does represent additional investment opportunities for us in renewables which we'll evaluate carefully along with all of the other capital opportunities that we have. But we see it as a very constructive piece of legislation benefiting customers, and also creating a sustainable renewable market here in the Carolina.
Lynn J. Good: Sure. Certainly, we'll give you an update on CapEx in 2018, and we'll continue to develop this opportunity, Mike, even between now and then. So you can think about us as looking for ways throughout all of our jurisdictions to continue to deploy capital. And this represents another opportunity that provides investors with visibility on what's possible, and we think, underpins our growth rate for the future. So we look at this as a very significant milestone for us.
Lynn J. Good: Greg, it will later in August. So we typically file notice 30 days before the case is filed. That's the process here in North Carolina. Soon we (25:15) file notice late July, you'll hear more in late August.
Lynn J. Good: Greg, it's a fair question, and I would point to a couple of things on this. It's been several years since we've been in. One thing you shall notice that's not in the case is very aggressive cost management. So we've been able to deliver consistent and deliberate cost management to offset impacts to customers. And as we think about moving this case through the process, we'll also engage with stakeholders, as you referenced, to reach a settlement, if we can do that or to have good constructive discussions on how we move forward. So we've got strong capital in here for things like the Sutton Plant and new solar, and we also have investments in the Western Carolina Modernization Project, which has been strongly supported here in the Carolinas, and of course, coal ash. So I think we have a demonstrated record. If you look at the way we've approached the rate cases in this state, really in every state we operate in; bringing people together to come up with a solution that works for customers and investors will ultimately be our objective, and I believe the Commission as well, finding that right balance between customers and investors. So we will work this as we've worked every case, and I have confidence that we'll deliver an outcome that makes sense for both customers and investors.
Lynn J. Good: I would look to kind of that October, mid-October to mid-November timeframe, Greg, for the DEP case. The procedural schedule has the hearing set for November 20. Testimony occurs kind of in that last month before the hearing. And so that's the point where you start to see the positions of the parties, and you create an opportunity to sit down and have discussions.
Lynn J. Good: Jon, I would add, I think the integration of Piedmont has really been a textbook integration, very smooth. The business continues to run very well. And, given our track record here of a number of mergers over time, we've developed a playbook that we've effectively executed here. So I'm really pleased with where we are in the integration.
Lynn J. Good: Praful, ROE is always up for discussion. Our allowed ROE today is 10.2%. We believe, in a rising interest rate environment, the 10.75% is a dependable ask, but ROE is always a topic of discussion, and will be in this case.
Lynn J. Good: And Praful, I think the important point here is, if you look at where the company is positioned, coming out of all the portfolio transition that's been underway, we operate a very strong set of regulated utilities and low-risk jurisdictions with visible capital investment that we have a demonstrated track record of completing. We've been very transparent with the agencies on our capital plans, and they're comfortable with where we are. The recent action on Moody's is an indication of that. And so there's nothing in this financing plan that's a change in the way we're managing the business. And we'll intend to execute our strategic plan in growing the company and maintaining balance sheet strength.
Lynn J. Good: Praful, I think it is positive. And I think it will grow over time. I don't see it as a step change though in load growth because of all the other factors impacting load, including energy efficiency and other items. But it's definitely a positive trend, and we are actively in the electrification market with a team of people working in our service territories and with vendors to find ways that we can take advantage of that opportunity.
Lynn J. Good: Michael, I feel like we have a wealth of opportunities in Florida. You may remember that we're under a settlement agreement that runs through January 1, 2019. And so the team is very actively looking at the next wave of investments to deliver customer benefits. We think renewables will be a part of that. You may have noticed in our 10-year site plan, we have like 750 megawatts of solar on our agenda. But we also see additional growth investment potential in Florida. So that work is underway. And as we continue to mature those ideas and reach a timeframe where it makes sense to talk about it more specifically, we'll do that. But we see great opportunity in Florida, and really pleased with the rebound in the economy there. But the growth that Steve highlighted just underscores the strong and growing jurisdictions in which we operate.
Lynn J. Good: Paul, one way to think about it is, there's about 3,000 megawatts or so of solar in that legislation. We have an ability to compete for 30% of that, and we have the ability to buy beyond that 30%, and flow those costs through a rider, which gives us timely investment recovery. In our five-year plan, we have something like $400 million of capital directed towards that type of investment in the Carolinas. So we do have more investment opportunities than we imagined (37:38), and our role will be to look at those investment opportunities, compare to alternatives and do as much as we can in a way that delivers great returns. So I see it as a growing list or great opportunities to deploy capital that underpins confidence and the ability to grow 4% to 6%.
Lynn J. Good: Okay. Well, thank you, everyone, for participating today. We'll have a chance to see many of you over the next month or so, and look forward to a good third quarter. Of course, the IR team is available this afternoon if there are any further questions and I appreciate your interest and your investment in Duke Energy. Thanks again.
