Lynn J. Good: Steve, thanks, and thanks to all of you who've joined the call today. We are excited about the future and remain confident in our ability to deliver strong growth and financial results. We have an ambitious and achievable strategy focused on investing in the grid, cleaner generation and natural gas infrastructure, all while modernizing our cost recovery mechanisms and providing customers with the service they value. As this slide shows, we bring many advantages to this conversation, including scale, constructive jurisdictions, a track record of execution and importantly, we are unencumbered by the challenges that we have successfully put behind us. In conclusion, our vision for where we want to take Duke Energy is clear and compelling. Our strategy to achieve the vision is well underway. We have the right plan and are working to plan. It is producing results and we entered 2017 with confidence. We're well-positioned to deliver value for customers and steady growth, strong yields and an attractive risk-adjusted total shareholder return for our investors. That is a compelling investor proposition, representing a solid, long-term holding for our shareholders. Foundational to this proposition is the strength of our dividend and with an adjusted earnings growth plan of 4% to 6%, we feel confident in our ability to continue to grow the dividend. Over the long term, the combination of these factors has the potential to generate 8% to 10% total shareholder return to our investors. Now, let's open up the call for questions.
Lynn J. Good: Yeah, Jonathan, our target, as we've laid out on the credit metrics slide, is to have low-30% overall HoldCo debt to total. So that's the long-term trend you should be thinking about.
Lynn J. Good: Jonathan, this is a fluid situation, as you know. And we've looked at a variety of scenarios. We thought presenting the new HoldCo debt would give you a sense of where the exposure is. We recognize we do have downside exposure under the GOP plan. As this continues to develop and legislation is introduced and we learn more specifics, of course, we'll update that. But we thought it was a reasonable planning assumption to share with you at this point based on our understanding of how things are developing.
Lynn J. Good: Yeah, Stephen, I think that is a developing area that we continue to pursue. I think you're aware we have an RFP out now for 400 megawatts in the Carolina, the western part of the state, and we're also in discussions around our avoided cost filing which could provide a pathway for additional solar. We believe there is a wealth of investment opportunities, and putting forward $1.3 billion, we're targeting a substantial investment, but I could see scenarios in which it can go higher. Our objective is to own some amount of the solar in the state of North Carolina and Florida and our other service territories, and we're working to move in that direction.
Lynn J. Good: It's modest, Stephen, over the next five years. We do have probably a half a dozen to a dozen sites that are under development where we have batteries in place on our system ranging in size from small residential, all the way up to a 35-megawatt battery paired with a wind farm in West Texas. As we look at this planning horizon, we do have some battery megawatts in our plan, but we see it as being a greater contributor, 2021 to 2025, than we do over the next five years.
Lynn J. Good: Yeah. So, Steve, what I talked about is, it's really successful execution of this plan which includes ramping up investments such as the grid investment in the Carolinas, coupled with timely recovery gives us greater confidence at the higher end of the range. So we feel like we've got a plan that gives us that potential, and our assignment is to execute it.
Lynn J. Good: We have rate cases filed this year. I think better visibility might present to you how we have addressed rate cases for historical investments. Steve, I think it's important to recognize that we have a demonstrated track record of successful execution of regulatory outcomes. If you look at what we have accomplished around our jurisdictions, whether it's related in Florida, the new generation, Crystal River and Levy in Indiana, rate cases in the Carolinas, we have confidence that we can find the right balance between customers and investors and putting capital to work in our jurisdictions in a constructive way. So we come at this with a plan that we believe we can execute.
Lynn J. Good: So, we've put together a plan exactly, Michael, that if we successfully execute, will position us at the higher end of the range.
Lynn J. Good: Michael, a couple of additional things I would point to. As we get toward the end of the decade, we are planning at this point to be out of an NOL position, now that's setting aside tax reform which could of course change the landscape. So, we believe we'll become increasingly competitive as we enter the latter part of the decade under current tax law. And the other thing I would point to, consistent with your question on Florida, is that we have directed more capital in this plan to regulated renewables, $1.3 billion in the Carolinas and Florida, which we believe will be underpinned by increasing economics, improving economics of those investments in those states. And we will look for ways we can add that form of renewable which has a better return profile for our investors.
Lynn J. Good: Yeah. So, Michael, we do have some exposure to border-adjusted tax within our regulated businesses. I'd point to – our nuclear fleet is being impacted with fuel and so on. I think what's important is to recognize that our nuclear fleet is regulated that this would become a part of our cost of service. And we are – of course, as we advocate around impacts to customer rates, the benefits of low cost energy and other items, we are pointing this out in our advocacy plan to our key legislators, is important to Duke Energy and Duke Energy customers.
Lynn J. Good: Chris, I would point to a couple of things. I think the other variable – and what has happened over the last four years is, we have executed very effectively on cost management, which gives us some headroom in order to put capital investment in and recovery in without raising prices in a significant way for our customers, and that's very important as we enter in a rate case. We do have capital investment. We intend to recover nuclearly combined cycle. We have deferred costs in the form of Hurricane Matthew, and, of course, we have recovery of ash. So it will be a mix of cash recovery and returns. And as we get closer to filing, of course, we'll give you more specifics on what we're filing for and the composition, and you can expect that later this year.
Lynn J. Good: No, we do have growth capital in the plan, Chris, and I would think of it in kind of the $500 million range over this five-year period. And we typically maintain some level of growth capital if you look at us historically because you think about five years, there's time to develop, and we want to put those aspirations out there. So there is some growth capital, kind of $500 million to $700 million, in the gas plan.
Lynn J. Good: I think – let me start, and I'm sure Steve has some thoughts on this as well. I think as we think about tax reform, we turn the discussion to the holding company because of the impact. But I think as you face tax reform, you also have to look at what's happening to the underlying earnings power of the utilities and what options we have there. And that would be a part of the decision process on how we would address the holding company. Certainly, delevering could be something we would consider, but I think there's a lot of work to do before we would reach a conclusion like that. And so as this develops, we will continue to keep you informed. And we understand the assignment of mitigating impact to the extent we can, and that's one of the benefits of looking at scenarios that is underway right now.
Lynn J. Good: So, we focus very keenly on customer rate impact. And you'll have more visibility on specifics as we think about the plans in 2017 as we announce these rate cases. But over a longer term, we target kind of rate of inflation for – CAGR for customer rate. So, that might be in the range of 2% to 3.5% depending on the jurisdiction. And we actually use that as a governor when we think about capital deployment and our cost of service because of the importance of keeping competitive rates. I think you recognize that we operate in a very competitive environment where our rates in the Carolinas in particular are 20% below national average, and that is an advantage to our service territories if we can continue to perform in that way.
Lynn J. Good: It's a modeled level of HoldCo debt in our five-year plan, also considering cash flow impact that we can see in a very preliminary way from the utilities up to the parent. And so that's about a 5% dilutive, Brian.
Lynn J. Good: There's nothing subject to legislative approval, Brian. We believe the compelling customer value for this is quite strong. And so we have been discussing the importance of infrastructure growth in our jurisdictions, Carolinas, in both the regulatory and legislative level to inform them of the opportunity that exist here and the value we think we can deliver. We also see it as an economic development driver in our service territories. As we set out a long-term plan where workforce could be developed to work in areas that are rural areas of the state, we think there's a compelling business case for the leaders of the state.
Lynn J. Good: No, as we said in our prepared remarks, we have designed this plan to deliver within the range every year, both the capital and the recovery mechanisms.
Lynn J. Good: ...is if customer rates are otherwise going down for a reduction in tax rates, that gives you the opportunity to deploy capital without an increase in .
Lynn J. Good: So this plan does not contemplate M&A. We feel like with the portfolio of businesses that we have that we've got a good growth trajectory. Asset acquisitions, if we saw something that fit with one of the businesses, we of course would be opportunistic. But there's no, what I would call, corporate M&A contemplated here.
Lynn J. Good: That's interesting question because we have that raised by a legislator actually in an early conversation. So, all things are on the table, I guess.
Lynn J. Good: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today and for your attention during a slightly longer call and set of prepared remarks. We will be available, as we always are, for additional discussion and feedback, our Investor Relations team, and we look forward to seeing many of you in the days ahead. So thanks again for your investment in Duke Energy.
Steven K. Young: I don't know that it's necessarily going to be a trend. It'll be related to timing of maturities and other investments. So I don't think that there's any trend in that, Jonathan.
Steven K. Young: Well, as Lynn said, our target is in the low-30%s, and we're a bit above that as we work through this transition of our portfolio. But we'll be looking to move the HoldCo debt into our target range. And we're making progress to our five-year plan. And we'll continue to strive to get it to that point.
Steven K. Young: Well, if you move in that direction with the immediate expensing of CapEx, one thing I'd say, we're currently in an NOL position throughout the majority of our five-year planning horizon. So, the immediate expensing to CapEx would deepen that NOL position at the backend of our plan. So it's not a significant rate base change for us during the five-year plan. Broadly speaking, I would say, as you heard from our capital planning as a whole, we have a lot of investment opportunities as we rebuild the grid and decarbonize and produce cleaner energy. And those opportunities I think will carry us for quite a while.
Steven K. Young: Yes. Regarding our NOL position and how it's impacting our commercial renewables, we've talked about this a bit in the past. We've been in an NOL position for a while, and under current rules, we're projecting to come out of that in 2020. And that affects the timing of the ability to monetize the various tax credits that these projects generate. In spite of that, we've been able to land projects and bring them in very efficiently and economically. As we move – what we've seen over the past years is that it's a competitive landscape with some narrowing margins there. We've still been able to put in service 500 megawatts of commercial renewables in 2016. So as we look forward, what we wanted to do is give an indication here that recognizing our NOL position. We will look at tax equity. Partnership arrangements is a possible financing tool. We've looked at that in the past, we haven't found anything that was acceptable, and we found other options that were more beneficial to us. But we will be open and continue to examine those possibilities.
Steven K. Young: And we've seen rate reductions due to fuel over the past several years to our customers. So that's part of the overall picture as well.
Steven K. Young: Yes. In general, if income taxes are lower like any other operational expense, that provides an opportunity for a utility to make further investments in infrastructure under the same rate scheme. So those can be beneficial situations that we have taken advantage of in the past.
Steven K. Young: Yes, Michael. We've got a number of things occurring here. We've been deferring a lot of costs on our balance sheet that we need to start getting some recovery on. Coal ash is certainly one of those items. We've spent about $900 million on coal ash to-date. We requested and have deferred Hurricane Matthew cost to the tune of about $150 million as well. So, we'll be seeking recovery in some form or fashion of those types of costs. Additionally, we have had infrastructure buildup. Nuclear uprates and the Lee combined-cycle plant are two good examples there that we'll be incorporating into rates.
Steven K. Young: We have been. To the extent you make capital investments and put them into plant and service, they will weigh on the earned returns. But that's where we have worked very diligently to control our O&M cost, to expand our wholesale sales, to keep our regulated ROEs up. But now, as we move forward, it's time to catch up that rate base growth. And also, we do have the singular Lee combined-cycle plant as an example that will be timed with rate recovery, which will be moving from CWIP to in-service. So there's a number of factors, as we've mentioned earlier, some deferred cost cash recoveries and some earnings uplift potentials as well, a mix of the two.
Steven K. Young: It's on the non-recoverable O&M number. The smaller number there. The larger number has recoverables and pass-through type items, as well as some cost-to-achieve type items. So, we're looking at the non-recoverable, lower number.
Steven K. Young: Well, not necessarily. There's a number of options that can be put forth here as we work with the various stakeholders. But we've had cost, O&M items drop in the past. There's a number of things that can be done. You can reinvest in capital and keep your ROEs the same under the current rates, but advance your infrastructure for customers. You can use situations like this to accelerate amortizations of regulatory assets and things of that nature when an O&M cost declines and keep current rates where they're at. We've done that in the past, so there's a number of strategic opportunities that exist out there.
Steven K. Young: But to the extent the economy picks up based on various tax initiatives, whether corporate or personal and discretionary spending increases, well, that will certainly help our business. And certainly our Southeast jurisdictions are very desirable areas with a lot of growth. We'd love to see that uptick.
