Steve Young: Yes. That's in our adjusted number. We often have adjustments in true ups in the tax arena with taxing authorities. We've typically included them in adjusted earnings.
Steve Young: Yes. So, we've typically not updated within the range till after the third quarter when we get a feel for where things are going in the weather in that particular quarter.
Steve Young: There was an amount mentioned in the order of 470 million for -- in the DEC order, I have not looked at the most recent directive. And again I would emphasize I want to wait till I see the full order, and that $470 million number is a system wide number, so the allocation would then have to occur to that number. Now when I look at the full number, and I'm seeing now that's about 330 million is in the DEP order. Again that's a system wide number.
Steve Young: Yes. So, that's correct, Lynn. And Caroline we're going to bring a couple of projects and they're going to boost the earnings this year, get it up above the $200 million level. And we've got good line aside as Lynn said to 2019 and 2020 earnings and good line of sight overall to 60% of the earnings. The projects will bring in the early part of our five year plan, the solar projects are going to have income recognized in the one-year to two-year period. But just to give you a flavor for it, we've got a lot of longer term wind profile that we're building as well, and a matter to think about is for us to keep the net income level above $200 million through the five-year plan, given that what we've already built in place. We need to close about 250 megawatts to 300 megawatts of solar per year and that's on the one-year to two-year recognition schedule. And I think that's very doable, when you look at the amount of megawatts that we've put together already in 2019 and the CPRE process that will continue throughout. I think we have a good capability in earnings trajectory in commercial renewables.
Steve Young: Sure, Praful. A couple of comments here, was a competitive process we did seek bids and then narrowed it down to a short list and work from there and Hancock became the best partner providing the best overall value. So it's quite a competitive process and a lot of interest from financials and international, global and so forth. So we feel good about that process. And then, regarding keeping the tax benefits of these assets, Hancock does not have a tax appetite. And what we found is you look out you the people that are pursuing the underlying PPA cash flows they're not looking for the tax attributes people looking for the tax attributes, they are not looking for the underlying cash flow. So it's a logical matching here. So, we'll maintain those tax benefits as we move forward and we've utilized some of those tax benefits to date. You can only sell what's remaining. So we'll still have those to keep in our portfolio.
Steve Young: Well, Hancock has an option on some development projects that could provide further proceeds that have been defined as part of this arrangement and we'll continue to look as we develop projects in the future whether there is interest with our existing partner or others.
Steve Young: You're correct, Praful. The quarterly effective tax rate of 9.6% was driven down by the booking of the tax adjustment, and that won't recur in future quarters. I expect by the end of the year we'll be within the 12% to 14% range. I don't want to try to handicap now with all that's in front of us as to whether it's lower than that or where it would be, I'd stick with that for now.
Lynn Good: Yes. Michael, the point I would make is this is the first quarter of the year. You know, we started with some weakness in weather and volumes. We expect those to turn around a bit in the second and third quarter, as we look at the strength of the economy. So I would ask you to think about the full complexion of all the businesses we operate over the full-year, and we will have true ups whether it's in tax or in regulatory, these are things that happen over the course of the year and then developing our plan. We always assume that something will develop as the year progresses. So I’d put it in that context.
Lynn Good: Sure. And let me break it down, Julien, and see if this answers your question or we can continue the conversation. The appeal process for the order will take nine to 12 months. There has been a series of dates established by the hearing officer or the administrative law judge. We expect that those dates could move a little bit as people respond whether or not they will be prepared but I think nine to 12 months is a good planning assumption for the appeal process. I think in terms of capitals we've already begun to do some work on the closure costs and as we look at the next five years we believe the order if it stands as written would add about $200 million to $400 million over the five year period. And the reason it is relatively modest is because it will take time for permitting, for finding the land, for constructing the landfill and all of the other costs de-watering and other things that would occur under any closure method, those are already included in our capital plan. So I -- you should think about the majority of this impact being after the five year period giving us plenty of time to evaluate how that fits into affordability, reliability, customer rates and so on. And we'll just continue to update you as it move through the legal process and as we learn more moving forward.
Lynn Good: Sure. And you know, Julien, I would point to two things, maybe three things that we're monitoring. So, the Biological Opinion Incidental Take hearing is today. And as you noted there are discussions around impacts to the biological opinion. This is the Rusty Patched Bumble Bee that you'll probably learn more about and as will we as the court renders their opinion and then a number of questions around the incidental take statement which really challenges are coming in front of the court for a second time. So, these are species that we understand well. We would expect an order within 90 days. And if there is work to do as found by the court then we would expect that to occur over a one to two month period. I'm just estimating that within the construct of what we've seen before from the court, but we'll know more when the order comes out and have an opportunity to give you more specifics on that. So, that's the one thing I would be watching for. The second is the Appalachian Trail that is progressing. A petition seeking the Supreme Court review will be filed this summer. We're optimistic that the government will support. And so we'll see milestones over the course of the summer on that item. And then as you would expect we are continuing discussions with customers which are important part of this project on the status -- on the approach around phase construction Phase 1, Phase 2, Mountains, Buckingham South, revised timeline, revised cost, and those discussions will continue over the course of the year as well. So we'll continue to update you on timeline. We understand we've got some decisions to make depending on how all of these legal challenges play out, we will continue to update you as we learn more and have more transparency on when the construction will begin. We are planning that we'll be able to begin construction later this year.
Lynn Good: So you should be thinking, Steve, kind of in the 20% to 30% range for DEP, and for DEC and 10% for DEP.
Lynn Good: So, we would think about it this way, Steve, I think the order that we're expecting to come out you know kind of mid-month, will be further documentation around the directive. And then we have 10 days to file a request for reconsideration, which we intend to do. And then, the commission has about 20 days to respond to that request for reconsideration. So, I think it would be that 20-day period where potential reconsideration of this -- the terms of the directive could occur. We are anxious to read the order because we have very limited information now on all of the -- elements here and the real depth of the legal reasoning that underpins this. So, that is the work that remains and we should expect to see those as I said a moment ago within - within a few weeks. After that reconsideration period that's when we would evaluate appeal. And so, then you'd move through an appeal process with a longer timeline of course to work through the court system.
Lynn Good: You know, Steve, we've been a part of the process -- a competitive process I think we've talked about that before. We believe we had a lot to bring to the table for this state whether it's an outright purchase or management of those assets. We've operated in the state for 100 years. Legislation is moving through the state, which we believe will establish a process in a way forward that would include additional due diligence and other things. But I think it's fair to say that we will closely evaluate further investing in the state in light of these directives, but those decisions are yet to be made, we have had a long history in South Carolina, it's been a constructed jurisdiction. But I think with this directive we need to learn a little bit more.
Lynn Good: Steve, there is no specific timeline for the legislature in North Carolina. So you can expect it to move through the House over the coming weeks. It's really hard to forecast how long that will take. We believe the strong bipartisan support and sponsorship has been favorable. Certainly, getting it out of the Senate and moving it to the House we have strong bipartisan sponsorship in the House. We believe the policy is very sound. So this is what we will continue to update as progress is made, but it's difficult to forecast a specific timing for the legislation. In terms of implementation, having the legislation in place allows us to include innovative solutions as we move forward with future rate cases, but the timing and approach for that is yet to be determined. So, more to come and we'll, as I said before keep everyone updated as the session progresses.
Lynn Good: Yes. Caroline, I think when we think about the scale that South Carolina represents to do, we believe we're still positioned to grow within the range of 4% to 6% that ROE signal though does indicate to us an important factor in allocating capital as we go forward. And so you know when I talk about growth capital and discretionary capital and other things we will evaluate the placement of our capital based on where it's attractive to invest. And that's a part of our five year cleaning process and we'll have more to say about that both as this appeal progresses and as we share additional refinements to the five year capital plan.
Lynn Good: Ali, the ROE that you referenced of course is disappointing. There were constructive elements to the order the equity pad of 53%, the amortization of excess deferred taxes. And so as we look at 2019 earnings we always plan for a range of outcomes and believe that the results of this case fit within our planning but as we talked about on the call and in some of the subsequent questions we do intend to request rehearing on the coal ash and the ROE item as well as potentially some others and we're also consider an appeal of the case and the ROE we will have an impact on the way we think about additional growth and discretionary investment.
Lynn Good: My expectation, Ali, for North Carolina is that they will continue the good work that they've done over many years acting in an independent manner, reviewing the evidence in front of them and we would expect the commission in North Carolina to continue to behave in that fashion. So I think it's premature to reach a conclusion on cases yet to be filed in North Carolina on how South Carolina is going to invoice now.
Lynn Good: It's the former, Michael. It is an appeal of the rate case. And so I would -- have you look at it in that context because it's exactly what it is and we believe the order out of North Carolina was very well written, very strongly supported on the regulatory laws in North Carolina, and we'll be vigorously defending that case as you would expect. The timing on that is you know briefing will occur during 2019. We expect a hearing late this year or early next, and then potentially a decision in a six month or so time frame. You may remember the last appeal from the attorney general in North Carolina was on ROE in our last case and that took about two years.
Lynn Good: Michael, the way I'd think about it is that's very solid policy and legislation that I think will serve Florida well, particularly as you think about storm hardening and resiliency, our multiyear rate plan runs through 2021. So, I would think about that legislation is being impactful to our business after 2021; it really gives us an opportunity to look at how to extend and continue important energy delivery investment. You may recall we've got $1.1 billion being deployed through now and 2021. This would set the contracts for more capital spending beyond that period.
Lynn Good: Well, thank you, Ally, and thanks to everyone who joined today. We appreciate your interest and investment in Duke Energy. And as always, our team is available for follow-on questions, and look forward to seeing you in the near future. Thanks again for joining.
