Lynn Good: Sure. Greg thanks. On commercial renewables, we have just seen a lot of market opportunity and as we look back at our history in this business, there are times as customers not only have an interest in renewables, but there is interest in pursuing the tax credits to a great extent. We’ve seen a bit of a cyclical nature to this and has had a good track record in pursuing and achieving wins with a number of these projects. So, you’re seeing the benefit of that in 2019. It includes both wind and solar projects and we have the majority of what is reflected in 2019 guidance already committed based upon work that the team has had under way in 2018. So, I think about the portfolio of businesses that we operate, commercial is a part of them and when we have an opportunity to pursue growth, we do that and you’re seeing that in 2019. I think when you look at allowance for funds, one of the other things to keep in mind on allowance for funds trend is we did put a large capital project in service at the end of ‘18, that’s Citrus and so some of the trend line that you see between 2018 and 2019 is a result of that in-service date of that generating station. I think in terms of Atlantic Coast Pipeline, there’s no question that even as early as four months ago, we were expecting more capital to be deployed in ‘19. You may remember when we talked in November, we were projecting an in-service in ‘19 for part of the project and the rest in 2020. So, we have a slowdown in that spending, that resulted from some of the court decisions in December and we have reflected that in our guidance. We continue to remain committed to the plan and we’ll work through this -- committed to the project, but I think we have some work to do around the core challenges in order to get construction going again.
Lynn Good: Sure. There’s certainly tax equity included in those results. Greg, you may recall that we’ve been talking about tax equity as we had more clarity from tax reform on what our own tax position was. We have been pursuing tax equity. We’ve closed our first project in July and have continued and plan to continue using that technique as we go forward. And so what you see in ‘19 is not only a combination -- not only investment tax credit related to solar, but there’s also wind in those numbers.
Lynn Good: Yes, Mike, I would respond to the first part of the questions by saying tax attributes are an important part of the net income for anyone who invests in renewables. So, you should think about it that way. And I think over the five-year period, we see commercial renewables, based on the pipeline that’s in front of us having a more meaningful impact in the early part of the plan and then I would think about over the longer-term, our approach being opportunistic. Again, if we see demand, we’ll pursue it, but we really look at this business as being complementary to the 4% to 6% growth that we’re driving in the utilities.
Lynn Good: Mike, I think there’s always upside potential on regulated investment. We just progressed our guidance a year forward and 6% we believe is a good planning assumption. We have -- we focus on the ‘19, ‘20, ‘21 most heavily and will continue to develop and originate investments into ‘21 or I’m sorry ‘22, ‘23, but I think 6% is a really solid plan and we do have upside potential.
Lynn Good: Jonathan, we committed to delivering at the low-end of the range for ‘19 and we’ve done that by hitting the $5 and then we’ve set 4% to 6% off of $5, which is within that guidance range we had talked about previously, but certainly the midpoint has been affected by the near-term uncertainty around Atlantic Coast Pipeline, both the scheduled delay and the cost increase. And so as we look at 2019, if Atlantic Coast Pipeline goes quickly, we do still have the potential to get to the high-end of the range in ‘20, but we believe a planning assumption within that range is more realistic until we can work through these legal challenges. So, we just thought it was appropriate given where we are with that project to reset the base, but I think it’s -- there’s a great deal of overlap between what we’ve given you here and where we were previously and we continue to believe strongly that we have a strong growth plan that we’ve put in front of you.
Lynn Good: We have -- we’re in the middle of a contractual -- finalizing a contractual dispute with Fluor. Jonathan, you may have seen some press coverage of this as they have been finalizing that project. We are in the middle of this and from an accounting standpoint, recognized exposure, but that isn’t the end of the story. We still have legal remedies that we’re pursuing that we would expect to resolve in 2019.
Lynn Good: Jonathan, throughout the process that South Carolina has undertaken, our objective has been to support the state and the state has called for and been actively seeking investment interests in Santee Cooper. We are one of the four parties that has met the qualifications. We have submitted a couple of proposals for the state to consider, but I would also say this is very early stage. There’s a law that needs to be passed, the General Assembly needs to make some decisions and that could take some time here in 2019. So, we remain committed to our organic growth plan and supporting the state of South Carolina as they look at alternatives.
Lynn Good: Shar, I think the capital we’ve put in front of you is capital that we would spend under the rate case scenario as well. So, we have contemplated both scenarios in our long-term guidance. So I don’t see a lot of downside to grid spend as a result of what you’re describing.
Lynn Good: So, Shar, we have looked at both of those and have put proposals on the table that would accomplish both objectives.
Lynn Good: So on HB -- HB589, I think Julien is your question for North Carolina. So, we have over the five-year period, put some additional capital in commercial renewables reflecting the potential impact of 589 and all of that capital is sitting in commercial renewables. So, you may, if you compare back to last year, you’ll see about [$1 billion] more, which is reflecting of not only market conditions, but also what we hope to pursue in North Carolina.
Lynn Good: Julien I appreciate that question because it’s right on top of what Dominion disclosed. They just talked about it in two phases. So $7 billion to $7.5 billion, assuming more timely resolution of the Appalachian Trail. If the Appalachian Trail goes to the Supreme Court, they said another couple of hundred million. All we did was put up the whole range together.
Lynn Good: So Praful, we are committed to our ratings, we’ve demonstrated that with our response to tax reform and as we look at the increase in cost in Atlantic Coast Pipeline that we’re projecting as well as the fact that we spent $1 billion this year on storm response. We thought it was appropriate to bring some additional equity into the plan in the form of the DRIP and ATM. This gives us some flexibility for uncertainty and we’ve also talked about the fact that we will consider pursuing securitization of the storm cost as well, which we think is positive for credit. So, all of this is within the context of maintaining the commitment to our balance sheet while also responding to impacts to the business.
Lynn Good: Yes and Praful, I wouldn’t point to any single item. I think this is kind of just the financing of the whole picture including, the results of ‘18 and what we’re looking at for ‘19.
Lynn Good: Michael, I would say it’s complementary, but given the size of the regulated businesses we operate on electric and gas, it will always be a modest contributor. We’re talking about $200 million of net income. So we’ll continue to grow it opportunistically. We think it’s, there’s an incredible wave of support for renewables. We think it’s the growing part of the generation portfolio in the US, we want to be a part of it, but it will take a long time for it to have a meaningful percentage impact on the portfolio of the Company, given the size and the growth profile of what else we operate.
Lynn Good: Yes, so it grows faster in the short-term part of the plan, Michael, and levels off in the back part. By the time 2023 rolls around, we begin to enter a period where we have some wind projects reaching their PTC expiration. So, I would think about it as being a stronger contributor in the front end than the back end.
Lynn Good: It’s primarily ACP, Andrew. We’ve actually dialed back in this five-year plan expansion capital until we have a better sense of in-service and completion of this project. We have a little bit of placeholder capital, maybe $250 million sitting out there in ‘22, ‘23, but I would think of it as primarily ACP.
Lynn Good: That’s a really good question, Andrew. You’re catching us mid-cycle here in Atlantic Coast Pipeline. We’re a believer in the infrastructure. I think one of the things that gets overlooked in this discussion of these pipelines is how critical they are to our customers and we think about our Piedmont system and the need to continue to provide pressure for growth in that area. We think about the infrastructure in North Carolina supporting economic development and our power system, which has a lot of renewables in the eastern part of the state. So, we’re a believer in the infrastructure investment. We’ve learned a lot about how to move through these, the stakeholder engagements, it’s important to permitting, et cetera. So we like the business I think, but we’d be thoughtful about what opportunities exist that we might want to pursue.
Lynn Good: So, we have indicated a range of 65% to 75%, Andrew, but we’d like to moderate our payout ratio. We’re above 75% today. By the end of the five-year period, we’d like to be closer to 70%, still committed to strong growth of the dividend. We think our yield is very attractive. We have a long standing history of growing the dividend, but believe that some moderation of the payout ratio positions the Company for more sustainable growth given our robust capital plan.
Lynn Good: I think this near-term uncertainty that we’ve experienced around Atlantic Coast Pipeline and/or where we’re looking at ‘20 and ‘21 is being influenced in that way. And then as we think about $1 billion of hurricanes that we’ve experienced, we also think about our desire to continue growing with a very robust capital plan. We believe all those things taken together represent a very attractive dividend plus growth profile for our investors and think that moderating the dividend payout ratio as part of that whole picture makes a lot of sense.
Lynn Good: Very good. Thank you, Kevin. Thank you all for participating today for your questions. Our IR team will be available both today, tomorrow and ongoing for any further questions. We appreciate your investment in Duke Energy. So, thanks so much.
Steven Young: Yes, the utilization of tax equity in the financing does guide you to certain accounting rules and on most of these renewable projects, whether it’s tax equity or not, a lot of the recognition of the earnings is driven by the tax benefits, which is in the early stages of the project. Tax equity doesn’t change any of that. The tax equity structures however do vary and how quickly income is recognized in solar and wind projects. So, it’s not all upfront necessarily, but most of these renewables projects certainly with tax equity and also without are going to have earnings recognition in the early years depending on PTCs or ITCs.
Steven Young: And Mike, I think some of the math here comes into play. When you’ve got a starting year that does not have the effect of tax reform in it and then you’ve got a change such as we saw in the out years that can lead to a higher percent. It depends on what year you’re starting. If you’re starting with a year that has the impact of tax reform layering in throughout the period, that can affect the percent, but as Lynn said, our early years have very strong growth typically the out years, we develop as we move along and 6% is a good number for our rate base growth.
Steven Young: Well, yes, Shar, we have worked with our regulatory commissions in the various states on the handling of income tax refunds related to the Tax Act and the excess deferred tax flow backs and that’s incorporated into our plan, it’ll vary per jurisdiction. Some states are giving it back over a 10-year period. Some states are offsetting it with other types of costs such as storm cost in Florida, but that’s being weaved through the plan and that does have the impact of raising rate base as well and we do have that as a growth item in our rate base that we’ve talked about in the past. So that’s in there.
Steven Young: Well, that’s right. What Lynn referred to is correct. You can structure the solar deals with tax equity so that the income recognition can be spread over one year to seven years as an example and we’ll do what suits us and makes the most sense to us in that situation. The wind projects, the PTC recognition is typically over the seven year period.
Steven Young: Sure. Praful, a couple of things are happening here. Number one, we’ve got the exploration or the conclusion of the heavy spend on coal-ash in the Carolinas that will end essentially in ‘19 and then that spend level will drop. So as you get coal-ash expenditures built into rates and the actual cash expenditures go down, that can certainly help cash flows. In Florida, we’ve had in 2018, three generation projects: Citrus County, Osprey, Hines Chillers go into rates. So those will turn into cash annuities as well. In 2019, we will complete the Western Carolinas modernization project and get that into rates and that’s over a $1 billion of investment. So we’ve got a number of activities that are aligned there. Additionally, when Atlantic Coast Pipeline goes into service that’ll – [in 2021] in that time frame, when that’s completed, that’ll turn into a strong cash annuity. So, we’ve got some big projects rolling through rates that’ll help push up FFO.
Steven Young: Well, I think you’ve got a couple of things going on here. You’ve got certainly the delay in ACP, so that puts some pressure there. We’ve got expansion of the commercial renewables as well. Those types of issues as we have lag on recovering hurricane cost of over $1 billion that can put some stress on holding company debt as well. So those are some things I’d point to.
Steven Young: Michael, the tax rate could change over time. We’ve lowered it because primarily to give back of EBIT. We’re starting to push those taxes back through to rates in our various jurisdictions and that’ll push the effective tax rate down. Now there’s an offset in revenues as you give these taxes back and lower rates, but it will change the effective tax rate. Now the addition of renewables and the credits associated with that will also push it down, but a player in here is the excess deferred taxes that are being given back. So as we move through time, we’ll look at how that excess deferred are giving back whether that’s ratable or whether there’s fluctuations in that and those types of things plus the renewables cycling up or down, those things could push the effective tax rate around a bit.
