Lynn J. Good: So, thank you, Steve. Before we take your questions, I just want to underscore a few points that are summarized on slide 17. We are strategically responding to the transformation that is occurring in our industry. We're simplifying our business portfolio to focus on our growing core regulated businesses and our highly-contacted Renewables portfolio. We're enhancing customer value by investing in the grid to improve reliability and the customer experience, while also investing in new natural gas and renewable generation resources, as we prepare the business for a lower carbon future. We operate in strong jurisdictions that are positioned for customer growth over the coming years. Our efficient cost structure, coupled with low natural gas prices allows us to make significant investments, while maintaining very competitive rates for customers. Taken together, the predictable stable earnings and cash flows that we are positioned to generate will support attractive earnings and dividend growth for our investors in the years to come. Now, let's open up the line for questions.
Lynn J. Good: Shahriar, we think about it as acceleration of the amount planned for repatriation. You may recall when we set forth the dividend, it was over a seven-year period,, and it basically represented cash flow that would be generated over that period. So, we've harvested about $1.5 billion, we have $1.2 billion to go, and you can think of part of the proceeds as being acceleration of that.
Lynn J. Good: As we look at everything that we've laid out here, Shahriar, the proceeds from International will go a couple of places. One bank to accelerate that repatriation that I just talked about. Those cash flows are already in the plan, we're just brining them forward. And then we will use the rest of the proceeds to fund the growth. So, as we laid out the combination of DRIP equity, whether we take to finance, Piedmont, the growth capital that's in the plan, proceeds of International are part of that financing picture over the five-year period.
Lynn J. Good: We have been investing kind of in the range of $500 million to $1 billion for some time, Shahriar, and look to continue that. I think the extension of the credits creates opportunities to do it, but we will continue to be opportunistic if we find projects that may (27:29) return expectations, we'll continue to invest.
Lynn J. Good: Dan, in looking at what we've laid out, we think discretionary spending opportunities against – exist throughout our portfolio, whether it's additional grid investment, whether it's additional renewables conversions of our coal fleet to natural gas, transmission is a part of it. But our transmission build has been slow and coming. We have the pioneer project under construction, but we continue to be in development mode there. So, I would look at the discretionary capital as opportunities that exist throughout our portfolio. I would add gas infrastructure to that, perhaps I didn't emphasize that, but gas infrastructure around the Piedmont acquisition and further expansion of the pipelines.
Lynn J. Good: We move the growth rate up to 4%, Dan, as you know this year. And the dividend is extraordinarily important. Our commitment to investors to continue to grow it remains unchanged. As we look at this transition in the portfolio, what we're moving to is a lower risk, more predictable, more stable set of earnings and cash flows, which we believe gives us confidence in allowing that payout ratio to trend up slightly. And then over time, if we execute on this plan, as we are committed to doing so, that payout ratio will turn down over time. So, we are confident, looking at this, that we have a growing dividend offering to our investors.
Lynn J. Good: And I think, Stephen, you can think of that NOL position as, in effect, sheltering the timing of the payment of the cash gain on that sale.
Lynn J. Good: Sure, Stephen, and I know that's a top-of-mind question for many, because it's such a recent development. And I would describe Duke's position on this as one of continuing to work toward modernizing our fleet. If you look back at our track record of the last five years, we have been consistently moving toward lower carbon sources of generation, and we see that continuing. So as I look at this five-year plan, whether this would stay a Clean Power Plan or not, we believe the plan that we're on is one that makes sense for customers, and our communities, and our states. I think the clarity that'll come from this legal review will be helpful, but more helpful to set pace and timing of decisions in the next decade, so in the 2020s and forward. So I would say our states are still grappling with this, understanding it, thinking through their processes. We will be closely working with them. We're trying to find solutions that make the most sense for our customers and communities. But I think for the near term, the strategy will be to watch the litigation and then execute the plan that we already have in front of us in terms of modernizing our system.
Lynn J. Good: We are talking about a sale, Jonathan. And, I would confirm that we have been working and evaluating options for some time. I think we began providing some visibility to the Street, in the second quarter and third quarter, about some of the things we saw with the International business. We believe we have very high-quality valuable assets. The asset in Brazil is a hydro asset in Sao Paulo. And we believe prospective buyers will share the view of the value of these assets, and we're confident that we can execute. And, at this point, because the process is early, however, we can't give specifics on timing or valuation, but we'll continue to provide updates in the quarters that follow.
Lynn J. Good: As I look at this – kind of the whole complexion of this, Jonathan, the $700 million is really tied to accelerated capital spending in that period, Atlantic Coast Pipeline, the gas generation assets, and more infrastructure that we think will be necessary in those periods. We have not had the DRIP on since 2010. And we believe, with the level of capital spending in our core businesses, that that is an important approach. The proceeds for International, you should think about as being an acceleration of repatriation, and that repatriation was already in the plan. And that we believe the remaining amount would be appropriate for delevering, because the International business has provided a source of FFO in our metrics – our credit metrics. And so, as we take those out, we believe it's important for us to delever in connection with the rest of those proceeds. So, if you look at the whole thing together, we believe we can execute the capital that's included the acquisition of Piedmont, the divestiture of International and have a very strong balance sheet and growth rate coming out of that five-year period.
Lynn J. Good: We believe, we've put together a plan that is consistent with our ratings, Jonathan. I can't step into the shoes of the rating agencies, though, with certainty, but we will keep them informed along the way of our plans. Certainly, the Piedmont acquisition, they have been informed of. We'll share our capital plans, we'll share our commitment to equity, and we'll share our progress in the International business. But we are targeting to maintain our ratings, as they are today and believe we can execute this plan consistent with those ratings.
Lynn J. Good: And as you look at the segment of International, I would think of that as being a pretty standalone segment. One of the things we were trying to accomplish with the delineation of earnings here in the base period, just to give you a sense of what cash flows and what earnings come from that business. So, I think that's a good starting point for you.
Lynn J. Good: Yeah. And, Steve, it's not going to be linear. So, if you look back even at the 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016, the base numbers that we gave you on the slide, I think it's slide seven maybe – slide nine, because we still have jurisdictions where our ability to reset price comes through a base proceeding, there will be some stare-stop to our earnings as we plan for general rate cases. But if we think about over the five-year period, we'll be situated well within that 4% to 6% range.
Lynn J. Good: Sure. Steve, we believe coal ash costs are recoverable. We believe they are a part of decommissioning a coal plant and part of complying with environmental rules. And, of course, we have environmental rules in North Carolina, but as you know, there are federal rules as well. So, our focus here in the near-term has been moving through closure planning. We're actually excavating ash at a number of sites and working closely with the environmental agency here in the Carolinas. Our intent would be to seek recovery in connection with a general base rate increase, which as Steve indicated would be toward the latter part of this planning period.
Lynn J. Good: Since there are a variety of projects, at any point in time, Julien, that we are advancing and working on and planning, and then looking for the appropriate timing, given jurisdictions, given value that we can demonstrate to customers, given potential transactions that could arise. So, they're always in development. And I think, if you look at our track record over the last several years, Eastern Power Agency would have been a discretionary capital item at one point in our thinking. Western Carolina modernization would have been discretionary capital. And so, there are always a variety of projects underway. And I would generally describe, that we have more good ideas, than we actually end up funding. We're trying to make prioritized choice of things that make the most sense for our customers.
Lynn J. Good: We believe its accretive. And on a full year basis, in 2017, it would be accretive to the growth rate, so you can think about it as being above our base plan today, consistent with the way we've represented it on the slide, Julien.
Lynn J. Good: So, the way we answered the question, Hugh, was to say over the planning period, we'll be within 4% to 6%, but we would expect lesser growth in the early period, stronger growth in the later period. We did not give specific percentages year-by-year. Our typical practice is to provide a guidance for 2016, and then will continue to work and provide you better perspective on 2017. But I think it's fair to say, lighter in the frontend, stronger in the backend.
Lynn J. Good: Yeah, we're continuing to work on the business plan around Piedmont, Hugh. I think if you look at their underlying fundamentals, their growing rate base at about 9% in the jurisdictions that they operate in today. They're, of course – have some pipeline investments of their own. They're on ATP in (49:37) constitution. So, we are building upon that. We're also looking at integration planning. And what our – but our plan is to lay out a more specific gas infrastructure plan, as we get closer to the closing of Piedmont. It gives us an opportunity to finalize our regulatory approvals and set out for you where we think that can go. We took a small step today by showing you where it sits in the overall growth rate of Duke, both in terms of Piedmont and additional gas infrastructure, giving us potential to be higher in our range, but more specifics than that, we will wait until we're closer to closing.
Lynn J. Good: So, Brazil is our single largest asset and contributor to International. If you look at Peru, we've got a combination of hydro and thermal assets. If you look at Argentina, same; Chile, same; and those markets are generally very good markets. I actually think, with the presidential election in Argentina, it's looking better situated for the long term. And so, as we think about an exit, our expectation or intent is to exit the whole portfolio, but whether we exit it altogether or individual assets, or some combination of assets, I think that will remain to be seen as the process continues.
Lynn J. Good: And Duke Energy progress, Michael, has had very good growth as a result of the Eastern Power Agency acquisition and has growth around wholesale contracts as well. So, we actually look at each utility individually in terms of their growth potential, earnings and cash flow generation, and are always looking for where we can prioritize investment to maximize the value of the total company.
Lynn J. Good: Yeah, so I would look at a couple of things, Angie. First of all, the proceeds that accelerate repatriation will delever more quickly, the holding company. And then you do have proceeds that are in addition to the repatriation that will delever as well. So...
Lynn J. Good: Yes. And the way I would describe this is, we are working through a transition in our portfolio. We're starting at $4.30 with the core business. We will use proceeds from International coming into our earnings over the next five years to provide a source of funding for growth. And National Methanol, with the change in the ownership percentage that will occur in 2017, will only be a few pennies, handful of pennies, they should get out there into that timeframe. So, it is this part of – all of that transition is part of our confidence around financing the growth investments that we've laid out for you in the core business.
Lynn J. Good: That represents primarily Renewables in 2016, Ali. There is a little bit of earnings around pipeline transmission and other things here in the Commercial Portfolio. But, the lion share of that is Renewables. And so, of course, it'll influenced by PTCs and ITC. We have a heavier mix of PTC contribution and ITC, just given the mix of assets that we own.
Lynn J. Good: I think it's substantial amount or the economics of Renewables is from tax credit. So, there's a little bit in there, as I said, around infrastructures, and not all of its Renewables, but I think your percentage is around Renewable business, so are probably about right. So, I think with the $140 million, you have a sense of the relative size of that contribution.
Lynn J. Good: Well, thank you, everyone. We certainly had a lot of material today with the year-end call. Look forward to having ongoing conversations with you over the next few days and weeks as you continue to digest what we're trying to accomplish here. We're excited about the strategy, have a lot to accomplish in 2016, and look forward to having these conversations with you. So, thanks for joining today.
Steven K. Young: And that's right. And I would add, our placeholder is about $500 million per year, and we've been able to find investments at that level for the past several years.
Steven K. Young: Yeah. So, let me give a little background on the bonus here. We would expect, Dan, to get about $7 billion of additional deductions from this extension, that translates to maybe $2.73 billion of reduced taxes, but only $1 billion of that's going to be within our planning horizon. We are currently in an NOL position. We weren't expecting to be significant tax payers until 2018, so all that shifts out by two years or three years there. So, it's backend loaded for us looking at the corporate level. So, as we plan rate cases in the back half of this period, we don't see huge impacts necessarily on those filings there. Now, I will say that every utility has its own standalone NOL computation and structure, so there may be some effect on some of these filings in different jurisdictions, as we do the standalone filings. But we have, again, not a dramatic impact, because we're already in this NOL position.
Steven K. Young: Not during this period through 2020. I don't think it is substantive. The biggest impact on earnings, as we said earlier, is the loss of the manufacturers' deduction of about $0.05 a year through 2018.
Steven K. Young: Yes, Stephen, tax implications depend upon the sales price and so forth, and I can't get into any of that, but the – so, we'll be taxable, and we have stripped out basis in the past with our International assets. So, there could be a lower tax basis that could result in a gain. Again, our NOL positioning at our corporate level provides a delay in timing of cash taxes, though, that is useful to us.
Steven K. Young: And I think the trajectory within the five-year period have some variability. As you think about implementation of the Senate Bill 560 in Indiana and the exact timing of rate cases that we see in the back half. So, it's a little difficult to be precise, but we're trying to give you a broader picture there that it is back-loaded.
Steven K. Young: Julien, the way I would think about this is whether it's capital or O&M, it is a cost that we have incurred – a cash cost that we have incurred. And this cash cost to the extent that it is outside of rates can be incorporated into rates, at some point in time, in any fashion that the commission deems agreeable to do. We've deferred purchase power cost in the past and recovered it with a return off and on. We've certainly recovered capital costs, say, of a power plant that – prior to its buildup and incorporation into rates. So, I think, conceptually, we just view it as a cost incurred for an extended period, therefore requires financing and recovery off and on in a subsequent rate proceeding.
Steven K. Young: Yes, Michael. Let me give you a little bit of color on this, and this changes over time as you move through rate cases and so forth. But Ohio has strong growth, in that it has mechanisms put in place to efficiently turn grid investments into earnings. Indiana is looking strong as we implement the Senate Bill 560, the t-disc (53:02) rider that will allow us to make investments in that area. Florida is solid with the Citrus County, Hines and Osprey facilities coming into play. The Carolinas look at growth in earnings between rate cases as being a bit more challenging. And then you see a big jump in the rate cases as the investments then get turned into earnings. And there's a number of good investments there that are coming with Lee Combined Cycle and the Western Carolinas Modernization, that's later in the period there.
Steven K. Young: We have described, on slide 10, regulatory lag over the five-year period is about negative 3% on earnings, and that will vary year-per-year. Regulatory lag is depreciation and interest and property taxes, basically on capital investments that are closed prior to a rate case. And that'll build up, then you have a rate case and regulatory lag will drop, and then start building back again. So, it's an average, we looked at it over the period. And it's in the ballpark of 3% negative to the overall earnings trajectory.
Steven K. Young: Well. Let me discuss that a little bit, Ali. We will be looking at doing that fairly soon. We want to have some flexibility here. We looked at doing it in the fourth quarter last year, after the announcement, but we were getting into the holiday timeframe, the markets were a little bit volatile, so we held off. Now, we're in a blackout period, as we're closing the books, and we'll be issuing the 10-K in late February. That will open us up to have the ability to do that, and we'll start looking at the timing of the forward then.
