James Rogers: Thank you, Lynn. Before I give you all a brief overview of our focus for the upcoming year, let me update you on our pending merger with Progress Energy, which we announced on January 10. We are targeting a closing date by year end. This combination creates a utility unprecedented in size and scale. But size is not the only consideration. This transaction gives us the ability to more effectively manage the challenges we face today and the transformation now occurring in our industry. This will result in benefits for all our stakeholders, our customers, investors, employees and the communities we serve. Specifically, customers in the Carolinas will benefit from fuel and joint dispatch savings day one. All of our customers will benefit overtime from cost efficiencies as a consequence of the combination. Our investors will benefit from earnings accretion in year one in the strength of the combined balance sheet and dividend policy. Slide 15 contains a merger scorecard we will use throughout the year to provide you with updates on the status of our various filings and approvals. We expect to file our initial S-4 with the SEC in March, after the Form 10-K is filed. Meetings to conduct shareholder approvals of the merger will be scheduled later in the year after we receive clearance from the SEC on the S-4. We are also finalizing various state and federal regulatory filings related to the merger and expect to file most of these beginning in mid-March. In addition to state regulatory filings in the Carolinas, we anticipate filing with the Kentucky Commission for merger approval. Our merger teams have begun initial integration planning. To achieve earnings accretion in 2012, we must aggressively and relentlessly identify and pursue cost savings opportunities this year. Clearly, completion of the merger and integration planning with Progress Energy will be top priorities for us in 2011. During this process, we will fully recognize the need to stay focused on running the business and delivering for our investors, customers and communities. To do so, we'll maintain exceptional operational performance and efficient cost management. We delivered on our financial commitments in 2010. We grew our adjusted diluted earnings per share. We increased the dividend, and we maintained the strength of our balance sheet. We plan to continue this momentum and remain focused on our financial and operational performance during 2011. In our regulated business, in 2011, we will file rate cases in up to four of our jurisdictions, driving for constructive regulatory outcomes. We'll maintain focus on our long-term legislative agenda to effectively reduce the gap between our allowed and earned returns overtime. In the short term, we are pursuing cash quip provisions for new nuclear investments in North Carolina. Our major construction projects are nearing completion with the first of these projects, the 620-megawatt Buck combined cycle gas unit expected to come online in 2011. In Indiana, we're managing costs related to Edwardsport in working towards a constructive outcome with the cost increase proceedings. In our Commercial businesses, our attention will be on successfully reaching a workable and constructive outcome with the Ohio Commission on our standard service offer, which would establish generation rates for 2012 and beyond. And Duke Energy Retail will continue to pursue customers and protect margins in Ohio. We will look for the right opportunities to grow our renewable energy business and our international operations. Finally, we will continue to support the communities in which we operate, helping to drive economic development activities during these challenging times. 2010 was a very successful year. As we look forward to our merger opportunity, our modernization projects and our commitment to both customer service and shareholder value, Duke Energy is poised to deliver superior, long-term performance in 2011 and the years beyond. With that, let's open up the phone lines for your questions.
James Rogers: I think it's clear to us that the regulatory model in Ohio was broken, and we need to find a way to revise it and to structure it in a way that's fair to both our customers and our investors. As I mentioned earlier, there's asymmetrical risk in Ohio today with respect to the impact it has on our investments and generation there. So I believe the time has come or is coming to make a change in the regulatory regime in Ohio.
James Rogers: I would consider it the best option available given the Commission's position on the ability to get a non-bypassable charge that allows us to earn a fair return on the generation that we're required to stand by and provide if and when customers come back. In a sense, Dan, customers in Ohio have a free option. And as you know, in Commercial markets, there are no free options. So we need to get the rules right, so that we have an opportunity to earn a fair return on our generation.
James Rogers: Well, I think the call you may be referencing, we weren't involved in. I think that was by the Sierra Club. And the fact of the matter is we've done detailed analysis of a variety of options from shutting it down to basically continuing it versus converting it into a combined cycle plant. And based on our analysis, the best answer for customers is to complete the plant, and we're on that track. We've done updated IRPs, and virtually every one of them continue to say we need the capacity and that this is the best option for customers going forward.
James Rogers: And, Jonathan, the other important point is, if you remember last year, we started out at a $1.25 and $1.30. And as the weather kept improving and we were holding our costs down, we increased our guidance twice actually until ultimately to the $1.45, and we will probably do the same thing if we're blessed to have the same weather this year as we did last year.
James Rogers: I think, Leslie, the thought here is it gives us flexibility, and it's consistent with the MRO because the way the MRO works overtime, you're moving toward, I mean, you start with the blend of your existing generation and market. And overtime, it becomes increasing market. So at the end of the MRO period, your generation is free from being committed to the load. And so it's very important for us to move it out from under the regulated utility. So we have the flexibility to make decisions about what to do with those assets going forward.
James Rogers: Sure, Brian, a good question. And let me start out by making a point. If we had a bias, we would prefer to have our assets dedicated to the Ohio load and earn a fair return on that investment, like 10%, 10.5% or 11% return on equity. That's our first choice. And we've been clear with the commission that was our first choice. But if they're not going to allow us to earn that type of return, then we don't want the assets dedicated first, and that's why we selected MRO. And second, we want to get them out because the flexibility we're seeking is primarily, at that point, make the decision with respect to whether we want to be in the merchant business or we want to sell the assets. And I would tell you, my bias today is not to be in the merchant business, particularly in PJM. But again, the timing, the decision about that will be something that will come in the future. The timing of the decision will be driven by the movement in the market. And eventually, the price of power in PJM is going to rise. Even if gas prices are flat, overtime, demand will come back as the economy recovers. And secondly, and this is a fact that's been hard to quantify for many, as you did see a retirement of the old coal plants as a consequence of these stricter, newer regulations on coal plants, if that's going to translate into upward pressure on the price per power in PJM. So we don't have -- our bias is to dedicate to kind of summarize this at a regulated return. But absent that is to free it and at appropriate time make a decision. And our bias at the current time is not to be a merchant player and pursue that strategy, but to exit it. That's our current bias, but we won't make that decision until we have clear facts in future periods.
James Rogers: No, I think that's correct. And of course, we probably have the largest building program in the country. I mean, we're building two advanced coal plants. We're building two combined cycle plants, and the combination of all that gives us AFUDC, which helps in terms of closing the gap. But at the of end the day, what we recognize we need for a variety of reason is to move toward formula rates. This is a good answer for investors. It's a good answer for consumers because, as I mentioned a few moments ago, we're in a period of rising prices over the next several decades. Formula rates allows us to smooth out those cost increases. In the interim, what we would do, because it takes a while to get legislative changes, we're looking for riders, for instance. Environmental riders would be very important to achieve in the states we operate in. And in fact, we have those riders in Indiana and Kentucky today as we spend more money on retrofits or meeting more stringent environmental requirements. So I think it's a combination long term of riders and trackers around specific items and morphing overtime into formula rates. That would be the vision, and certainly, that would be the aspiration we have going forward.
Lynn Good: Dan, it will be interesting. I think we'll have more to say on that as we get into the first and second quarter. We think it's a reasonable estimate based on what we believe is happening on our territory as well as a discussion with our Industrial customers, but more to come.
Lynn Good: Jonathan, what we did on the slide, I guess, Slide 10 is we actually netted the weather impact with the impact of incentive short-term and incentive payments that put us from target to maximum because as we look forward, we of course would plan that our incentives will be paid at the target level. So that difference between the $0.16 and whether that's a referencing in the $0.13 is the incentive.
Lynn Good: Related to the fact that we went to maximum on our incentive payout, and that was largely driven by weather.
Lynn Good: We always plan for normal weather, which I think is the only thing to plan for. And so that's the planning assumption going into the year. We'll update on how that looks as we progress.
Lynn Good: Yes. And, Jonathan, you need to think about a couple of things. Allowance for funds would be a part of that. It's one of the ways we recognize earnings for capital investment that's not yet in rig. And then we also have riders for Edwardsport. We have quick cash coming into the picture in 2011 for Cliffside. So it's Cliffside, it's Edwardsport, it's Buck and Dan River. We also have investments in our nuclear fleet. We have smart grid. We have energy efficiency. It's all of the programs that generate rider or allowance for funds revenue.
Lynn Good: Yes, that's our long-term growth aspiration, Jonathan, and we would be using 2011 as the base for the new company.
Lynn Good: Yes, that's a really good point. Jonathan, I made the point of long term because it will vary from year-to-year as we have rate increases coming into effect, et cetera. And I know there's a lot of interest in us giving more specifics around '12. We're not prepared to give more specifics around '12 because all of the activities that we have to accomplish here in '11, including rate cases, MRO, closing of the merger, et cetera. Right, 4% to 6% is a very good planning assumption for us as we look forward.
Lynn Good: Good questions, Leslie. We have actually some repricing in Brazil impacting '11 where we run a very contracted business in Brazil but have the opportunity to update prices overtime. And so the single largest driver year-over-year is updated pricing in Brazil. We do expect our National Methanol entity to continue to contribute about 20% of the earnings. That would be the other point that I would make. In terms of capital growth, we continue to designate capital. We have a few projects underway in our International business, one of which or a couple of which we would expect to come online in 2011, but that capital growth will really depend upon our ability to find projects that meet our risk appetite and return expectations.
Lynn Good: There will be an annual feel to it, Leslie, because we have contracting ranges or tenders between five and seven years in Brazil, some of them longer than that. And we will have the benefit of inflation pricing on those contracts if inflation starts to take off in Brazil. We have inflation protection.
Lynn Good: Brian, we have a modest amount of increased switching, but the majority of that driver is annualization of what we experienced in '10. And it's because we have seen stabilization.
Lynn Good: I think it's a reflection of the way switching occurred, Brian. So the more savvy energy users, the Industrial's and the Commercial's customers switched first, and now we're into the Residential class. And frankly, we have not seen a lot of government aggregation, and our Residential customers have proved to be sticky. We'll use that technical term.
Lynn Good: Yes. And, Steve, what I would say is, the low end of the range would be included in that rate base adjustment. So when I talked about cash flow benefits of $1.5 billion to $3 billion, we use the low end of the range for an estimated rate base.
Lynn Good: Yes, so let me try again. So we have a range of expectation in what can happen on bonus depreciation, if things qualify the level of 50% or things qualify the level of 100%. And there would be an associated impact to deferred income taxes at those two levels.
Lynn Good: The answer to the question is, Greg, we do refine CapEx as we get closer in, and as '11 and '12 develop we get more specific in the way we're think about it. We have made some adjustments on discretionary. We've also reflected environmental for the first time. So it's a combination of being closer and then more refined in our estimates. And the revised estimates are what are implied in the rate base number as we just talked about.
Lynn Good: Greg, it's a good question. What I would say is that the merger really positions us more solidly within the growth range of 4% to 6%. As you know, we've got some weakness in Ohio. We've got repricing that's going to happen as a result of the MRO in '12. So on a standalone basis, we would've been trending in the lower end of that range, so the merger gives us an opportunity to have greater confidence and positions us more solidly within the range.
Lynn Good: I'll take a shot, and I'm sure Jim has some comments as well. I think '11 is an interesting year, Michael, in that we have no new rate cases coming in. And so we will have inflation impacts, we also have a slower load growth assumption that we might have had several years ago that would contribute to lower returns. But we believe, overtime, as we put these rate cases into effect and as we continue to work on legislative initiatives in our jurisdictions that we have an aspiration of closing that gap. We targeted to be within 75 basis points in the Carolinas, and I think we'll be pretty close to that. So I think it's a combination of factors that are affecting us.
