Bill Currens - Vice President: Thank you, Yolanda. Good morning everyone, and welcome to Duke Energy's first quarter 2016 earnings review and business update. Leading our call today is Lynn Good, Chairman, President and CEO along with Steve Young, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Today's discussion will include forward-looking information and the use of non-GAAP financial measures. Slide two presents the Safe Harbor statement, which accompanies our presentation materials. A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures can be found on duke-energy.com and in today's materials. Please note that the appendix to today's presentation includes supplemental information and additional disclosures. As summarized on slide three, Lynn will cover our first quarter financial and operational highlights and provide an update of our recent strategic and growth initiatives. Then Steve will provide an overview of our first quarter financial results, an, update on economic activities within our service territories and close with our key investor considerations. With that, I'll turn the call over to Lynn.
Bill Currens - Vice President: Okay. Greg, I think we've got you first in the queue. We'll go to Greg Gordon. Greg? Operator, if you can hear us, we'll go ahead and take Q&A now.
Bill Currens - Vice President: If everyone could just bear with us for one second. They had a fire alarm over at the operator's location. So just bear with us for a second here.
Lynn J. Good: We appear that we having some technical difficulty. So, we'll wait for a few minutes to see if we can establish the line for questions.
Lynn J. Good: So Greg, let me start with a little explanation on the tax adjustment, then I'll turn it to Steve on specifics around effective tax rate. So coming into this year, we had the extension of bonus depreciation and then the planned announcement of the exit of international, put us in a position where we could relook at the tax consequences of the sale of the business and we are going to be in a position to utilize more of our foreign tax credits, which is real economic benefit from the combination of the extension of bonus and the decision to exit. And so that economic benefit is being reflecting in the first quarter. It does put us ahead of our first quarter plan on international as a result of that. But also as we indicated in the script, we will begin recognizing tax expense, because we will no longer be making the assertion that the proceeds do not come onshore and that tax expense will be reflected over the balance of the year. So, ahead of plan through the first quarter, good economic benefit from the tax planning that the team has accomplished here, and I'll turn it to Steve to talk about effective tax rate.
Lynn J. Good: Jonathan, we're pleased with where we are on the process. There's been good market interest in the assets. We're still in preliminary phases. So, I can't speak to whether or not the transaction will be a single transaction or a combination. Our objective will be to optimize the value of the portfolio. And as the year progresses, we'll keep you informed on timing and expectations. But I would say we're off to a solid start on the process.
Lynn J. Good: We've made a decision to exit, and are certainly in that process today, Jonathan, and as we move through it we'll have a better sense of timing and approach. So, I think that's a question that we'll be prepared to give more specifics on as the year progresses. But again, we're off to a good start with the degree of market interest we're seeing in the assets.
Lynn J. Good: I know, when we figured out it was a fire alarm, it has to be one of the first ever. Mr. Currens (32:20) on his final call.
Lynn J. Good: Steve, thanks for that question. So it's kind of all a part of this discussion around economic value from this tax adjustment. So, we still intend, believe the transaction will be dilutive. We'll give more visibility on valuation as the process continues. But the fact that we've had a tax planning strategy here that has provided an economic value reflected in the first quarter is significant. It's a combination of bonus and the decision to sell. So that was the point I was making. But we'll know more on the valuation of the entire transaction as the year progresses.
Lynn J. Good: We don't expect linear, just given the timing of our capital deployment, the approach we take toward rate cases and resetting our prices. But over the five-year period, we believe we have the capital investments, the growth initiatives that will drive growth within our 4% to 6% targeted range.
Lynn J. Good: So, we've been following that closely. Steve, and of course are disappointed in the ruling in the State of New York. I think the partners in the projects have been very clear on where they are and the fact that they are reviewing a number of options to go forward. At this point, we're planning for a delay in the project. But as these options are pursued, some of which could include resubmission or appeal through the courts, we'll have a better sense of timing and outcome, so more to come on that.
Lynn J. Good: You know, Julien, I think our guidance on that is as it was at the end of the year. We have reaffirmed our range of $4.50 to $4.70 for this year. We're in the midst of portfolio transition with the sale of international and the acquisition of Piedmont, both of which we expect to make substantial progress on in 2016. That will have bearing on 2017 and forward, so we'll give you a better sense of 2017 as we get close. We're confident in the range. We believe it will be nonlinear, as we've talked about, but don't have anything further to say on that at this point. But we're working hard on all elements of both growth initiatives, capital deployment, pursuing rate cases at the right time, and moving aggressively through the transition in the portfolio.
Lynn J. Good: Just no decisions at this point. Julien. Those decisions will be finalized in connection with our year-end planning process.
Lynn J. Good: Julien, we're excited about what the potential of the Piedmont acquisition represents for Duke and our focus here in 2016 is on closing the transaction and also progressing Atlantic Coast Pipeline and Sabal Trail. We also see growth within the Piedmont franchise, both with customer additions as well as infrastructure that would support gas generation here in the Carolinas. So, we expect to continue to build on that platform in particular. We'll look at assets that make sense for Duke, whether they're midstream or local distribution companies, but don't have anything more specific to share with you at this point. We're focused on closing the transaction and integrating it in a successful way.
Lynn J. Good: Sure. And you know, Chris, the ball was rolling in January and February on planning. The ball began rolling into the market with discussions with counterparties on non-disclosure agreements and interest more in the late March, April timeframe. And so we are two months into that process. The data room, the data book is in the hands of prospective buyers, and over the next couple of months, we'll be learning more about degree of interest, number of parties that intend to stay in the process, and we'll have more to update in the second quarter. I just you know, given where we are, I don't have any more specifics to share with you. Jonathan I believe or someone asked earlier about, is it one transaction or multiple. That of course would impact timing. Our objective is to optimize the value of the portfolio, and we're going to move through this in a thoughtful way to accomplish exactly that. And we'll give you more specifics when we are further into the process.
Lynn J. Good: Chris, there has been a very active engagement on the part of the partners throughout this process and the delay in receipt of FERC approval has really been the result of pursuing alternate routes and addressing environmental and stakeholder concerns along the way. So the schedule, as originally developed, had contingency timing in it which we've continued to work actively with our partners, including you know the way we're engaging with contractors. And at this point believe that we are on target for a mid-2017 approval from FERC, which should give us an ability to continue to target late 2018 for in-service. So, a lot of good work has been going on to look at a variety of alternatives and to work with the contingency that was within the original project plan.
Lynn J. Good: And Michael, if you look back even at 2015, we spent about 20% of capital last year. We're kind of in that range this year in the first quarter, and then it picks up over the course of the year. So the pattern looks similar to what we've experienced in previous years.
Lynn J. Good: Michael, the rate case timing in Florida, you may recall, we have the GBRAs in place in connection with the building of the plants and that along with that, has a stay-out through 2018, I believe. And then in Indiana, we've been pursuing the T-disc, the grid investment, which will give us an ability to track and that will in hearing hopeful to get approval in Indiana, which will give us an opportunity to reset prices for those investments. And we'll continue to monitor whether load trends and other things would change our timing in Indiana, but we believe the tracker that we're pursuing is the highest priority rate activity in that jurisdiction.
Lynn J. Good: The first objective is to close the sale, or close the purchase of Piedmont Natural Gas. And we believe that we'll have organic growth opportunities within that platform not only for new customer additions but expansion of the interstate pipeline system in the Carolinas as we continue our strategic move from coal to gas. And then beyond that, for midstream or LDCs, there was a question earlier that address our interest in that. We will consider those types of additions to the portfolio that make sense, complement what we're trying to do. But our primary objective is closing the transaction, focusing our attention on integration, focusing our attention on growth organically as I outlined, and then other opportunities we'll evaluate as they arise.
Lynn J. Good: If you look in the slide deck, Ali, on slide 13, it gives you the full year assumption for commercial, and that business is commercial wind and solar, which as you know have tax credits as an important part of their economics. So, that gives you a range or a perspective on the magnitude of that contribution.
Lynn J. Good: You know, certainly, we've been in the business, started modestly in 2007 and then you can look at our kind of capital contribution in growth 2012, 2013, 2014, so I would say early in that PTC period generally.
Lynn J. Good: Let me make a comment and then Steve can continue. Steve commented a moment ago, Ali, that we see the potential for rate cases in South Carolina in 2016 that's consistent with capital spending and cost structure and earned returns. And so we do have rate case potential in South Carolina in the very near term. And then later in the five-year period in North Carolina, that will be the result of regulatory lag showing up on capital investment that is occurring now and will occur into the future. I commented on trackers in Indiana and Florida, but at some point, we'll address updating those rates as well. So, I think regulatory lag for any jurisdiction where we have historic test periods or the need to use base rate increases to achieve prices is going to have some regulatory lag associated with it. And that's the careful analysis that we closely watch in determining the timing for filing.
Lynn J. Good: You know Paul, the only thing I would add to it is, we have standard methods of identifying what is weather related and non-weather related. And what Steve is commenting on is those standard methods can be impacted in periods where there is extreme temperature. So extreme cold or extreme warm weather that we experienced in March. So that all leads us to look at longer time periods, so that we don't have those anomalies that could exist in any quarter. And that is really what has led us to this 12-month rolling average discussion on load because we think that is more indicative of trends we're experiencing. And as you can imagine, we watch this really closely and manage the business for a low load growth environment.
Lynn J. Good: The other thing that we look at, Andy, is multifamily housing versus single family homes. We're starting to see some positive trends in the Carolinas where there are more single family home construction opportunities. But coming out of the economic downturn, a lot of the growth was in multifamily units, which by their footprint use less energy than a home. So, I think we're closely monitoring this and the call to the action for us is to ensure that our cost structure and the way we manage our investments and assets are consistent with the trends we're seeing at the top line. And we believe we have a demonstrated track record in managing our business that way.
Lynn J. Good: Andy, we're on target for the range of $450 million to $470 million that we talked to you about. This is the first quarter. I think to give you any more specifics on placement within the guidance range is just premature. As you know, the third quarter is our most significant quarter, and we're managing the business with identifying rate increase opportunities. Steve talked about South Carolina of course watching costs as part of that. And we'd like to see a longer trend on the sales growth to continue to monitor where that is progressing. So on track to achieve what we set out to achieve at the beginning of the year.
Lynn J. Good: Okay, Yolanda, thank you. And thanks everyone for hanging in with our fire alarm and our farewell to Bill Currens and welcome to Mike Callahan today. And most of all, thank you for your interest and investment in Duke. We look forward to meeting with many of you over the next several weeks and months and look forward to continue discussions. So, thanks again.
Steven K. Young: Yes, we had expected and forecasted an effective tax rate for the year of about 32% to 33%. I think it will be lower than that. You might lower it by 1% on that range, as a result of the tax strategies we put forth related to international.
Steven K. Young: We keep abreast of the various accounting rules and options available to us and those are things that we look at with a regular basis and we're keeping an eye on those things. We're aware of the different methods of selecting discount rates, yield curves, bond methods, spot methods, so we're keeping an eye on that.
Steven K. Young: Yes, Michael. The O&M, the non-recoverable types O&M was down $0.04 year-over-year in the quarter. And again, we had about $0.05 of storms delta quarter-over-quarter offsetting that. But we had the $0.04 benefit.
Steven K. Young: I think our original capital plans for the years are still intact. I think it's just a shaping during the year.
Steven K. Young: Yes, Michael. As we had mentioned in the February call, we're looking at the majority of these cases to be back loaded in the five-year timeframe. But that's always subject to scrutiny of costs and events that are going on at the time. And in fact, we are looking at accelerating a rate case. We may file a notice this year for our filing for Duke Energy Progress South Carolina jurisdiction. So we're always looking at what's the appropriate time to go in, what's our cost structure look like and the investment timing related to that. I'd still say that the majority of the cases are in the back end of the five-year timeframe. But the South Carolina is an example of an opportunity we have that we need to move on perhaps earlier.
Steven K. Young: On the PTC side, we look at PPAs that are in the range of typically 15 to 25 years, in that type of range.
Steven K. Young: And I would add, as we said in February, we had a slide on our five-year growth and we showed the lag was about 3% negative. And that's an average number over the five-year period. It will vary year per year. And it is as Lynn said related to the jurisdictions where you've got gaps between rate cases and you build up investments during those gap periods. So, we're working on that and planning around those events.
Steven K. Young: It is hard to predict storms obviously. The past three years we've seen winter storms that have hit us in the range of $50 million or $60 million a year, but whether that's normal or not, I would hesitate to say. We try to impute an amount that we think about in our budgeting, but you'll have during the summer season the potentials for hurricanes in the Southeast and then in the winter storms across our jurisdictions other than Florida, typically there's the potential. there. Hard to predict, but we've seen winter storms the past three years in the neighborhood of $50 million or $60 million.
Steven K. Young: That's correct. Yes. Let me give a little color on this. But typically, outages from storms do not affect volumes very significantly, as one point to make there, when you're looking at the whole breadth of things. I would say that the, I always want to say this, when you're looking at a quarter in particular, short periods of time, you have to be careful about weather normalized data. I think the first quarter of 2016 was mild, particularly March, and I don't know whether we pulled all of the weather impacts out appropriately in the first quarter of 2016. Correspondingly, the first quarter of 2015 was very, very cold. And I don't know whether all of the weather was pulled out of that quarter as well. So you're comparing these two weather normalized periods, and it shows that the weather impact may not have been that significant. I suspect that it may have been more mild than what we showed in the first quarter here, but I don't try to guess at what that could be. So we just roll with the data. I like to look at the 12 months rolling more critically there. We did as we acknowledged it, it was a bit of a soft quarter, but I think the 12-month rolling numbers are in line with what we've been forecasting. And I would want to emphasize that in response to a relatively weak load, we have aggressively pursued our cost structure to offset that. That's part of our long-term plans.
Steven K. Young: But again, I think getting weather normalized data is as much art as science and when you get an extreme period like we had in March and comparing it to an extreme period like a prior year, I think you can get fluctuations that make that comparison a little distorted. We think our customer growth and volumes are in line with our broad prediction levels and we'll keep an eye on it.
