Lynn J. Good: Thank you, Steve. Let me close with the discussion of our strategy priorities. As a company, we've accomplished a great deal since we closed the merger with Progress in July of last year. We created the largest utility in the industry with a diverse set of customers, jurisdictions and generation sources. We resolved the near term priorities we established after the merger as outlined on Slide 11. Our regulatory proceedings are essentially complete with five rate cases approved and updated customer rates implemented. Clarity on the cost based capacity filing in Ohio will help inform our long-term strategic plans for the Midwest generation fleet. As Steve detailed, we have made significant progress in achieving the savings we anticipated from the merger, both fuel and joint dispatch, as well as non-fuel O&M savings. We also remain focused on ensuring consistently exceptional performance from our valuable nuclear fleet in the Carolinas. By resolving these issues, we have positioned Duke Energy as a low risk, highly regulated utility, operating in constructive regulatory environments. We have the financial strength and flexibility to consistently deliver on our commitments and grow the business. Let me spend a few minutes discussing our future growth opportunities as outlined on Slide 12. In Florida, the comprehensive settlement approved by the Florida Commission in October allows us to evaluate new generation investments to replace lost capacity due to plant retirements such as Crystal River 3 and a potential retirement of the Crystal River 1 and 2 coal units. In early October, we issued an RFP for approximately 1,640 megawatts of combined cycle generation capacity needs. We expect to finalize the RFP in late summer next year. As the company's self-build option is selected as the most cost effective alternative, we will file for a need certificate with the Commission. Construction could begin in early 2015 with an in-service date of 2018. In the Carolinas, last month, we filed an application for a need certificate with the Public Service Commission of South Carolina seeking approval to construct and operate a 750 megawatt combined cycle plant at the existing Lee Steam station site in South Carolina. NCEMC will be a minority owner of 100 megawatts of the project if constructed. If approved, this plant could come online in the 2017 timeframe. Additionally, we have the potential to invest in the V.C. Summer nuclear plant being built in South Carolina. We continue to evaluate an ownership interest in this facility of up to 10%. We also expect growth from new wholesale contracts in the Carolinas. In Indiana, Senate Bill 560 provides the opportunity to move forward with transmission and distribution modernization in the state. We are evaluating, filing a seven-year infrastructure plan with the Commission outlining proposed investments. We also anticipate making several billion dollars of environmental compliance investments principally in the Carolinas and Indiana. The ultimate level of such investments will depend on the finalization of rules, which are currently pending with EPA. Further, we will evaluate targeted growth opportunities in our renewables and international businesses that complement our 4% to 6% growth objectives while meeting our risk adjusted return expectations. For Duke Energy as a whole, our scale and diversity position us to deploy capital based on the needs of our customers in each jurisdiction. In total, these investments will help drive growth in the back half of the decade, while maintaining our low risk value proposition and highly regulated business mix. In closing, as I step back and view our company 16 months after the merger, I see a company that has successfully addressed post-merger uncertainties, achieved significant regulatory clarity and lower business risk. We will excel in our mission to provide affordable and reliable energy to our customers, while at the same time, continuing our efforts to drive efficiencies and cost effectively deploying capital investments. We are well positioned to achieve our short-term and long-term financial objectives and continue to deliver value for our customers, communities and investors. In February, we will provide updated financial plans for 2014 and the future. With that, let's open the phone lines for your questions.
Lynn J. Good: At this point, I don't have any specifics on it, Shar. We believe, expect or anticipate it by the end of the year. With the holiday schedule, I think, we'll just have to evaluate it as the dockets and schedules are produced, whether it's November or December. Shar Pourreza – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Okay. Thanks very much. Congrats.
Lynn J. Good: Greg, I think it's a combination of a number of things. What we try to emphasize with the merger synergies is we have effectively exceeded the 5% to 7% targeted savings and expect to deliver about $550 million of savings in 2014. That puts us in a position to maintain O&M flat from 2011 to 2014. So it's a combination of merger integration. Certainly, we believe that pension benefits will trend down as we are looking at discount rates and other factors, but we'll need to finalize the specifics on the pension when we set the discount rate at the end of the year.
Lynn J. Good: Jonathan, we haven't given specific guidance into 2015. What we did indicate in our remarks here today is based on where we're positioned and the aggressive cost control measures we have in place. We could exceed the 1% to 2% meaning a lesser growth in CAGR and O&M, but we haven’t given any specific guidance on that. We’ll continue to finalize our plans and you should know we’re aggressively working on cost to continue to drive cost out of the business and all of those factors are considered in our growth expectation of 4% to 6% through 2015.
Lynn J. Good: Jonathan, I think we’re right on track with where we expected to be. Our guidance for the full year of 2013 was 0.5% and that’s where we see the growth. The third quarter was a bit stronger than what we anticipated coming in at 1.7 but there are some imprecision in those volume numbers particular in a soft weather quarter. Long-term we’ve been planning for 0.5% to 1% and we are actually challenging our team to think about an environment of that kind of load growth even trending to flat overtime potentially as we think about sizing our spending, O&M spending.
Lynn J. Good: Jonathan, this is a one time opportunity to take advantage of a tax structure to bring home cash without a substantial tax liability, it’s effectively strips basis out of the structure of the international structure. And so that 700 will come home, you could consider that to be a one-time opportunity for us to take advantage of that tax structure. On an ongoing basis we continue to evaluate the use of international cash. We have not made a final decision to repatriate trade on an ongoing basis but that represents an opportunity for us in the future.
Lynn J. Good: It's that range of $5 billion to $6 billion Dan is what we are estimating based on a range of scenarios that could impact could result from those rules. So that's a good rule of thumb for you to think about.
Lynn J. Good: I think wholesale opportunities can exist from time to time Dan, they are opportunistic generally and we'll provide more specifics if we see clarity around those as we move forward.
Lynn J. Good: Steve I think it's a balance, we have continue to look for generation development opportunities and have made a number of investments over the last three to four years consistent with generation in countries that we are consisted with our risk profile. So you may recall in 2012 made investments in Chile. So we do continue to look for opportunities to grow the business consistent with a 4% to 6% growth rate, but that business also produces a lot of cash and finding ways to optimally use the cash is a key objective.
Lynn J. Good: Steve, we continue to look at the VC Summer plant which is under construction in South Carolina. We believe in regional nuclear, we certainly have a very supportive regulatory environment in South Carolina, but we have not made a final decision to move forward we continue to evaluate the opportunity and we'll provide update as our decision making progresses.
Lynn J. Good: Hugh we are not trying to deliver the company our credit ratings and financial profile are very strong and well positioned within our ratings category. We just have this opportunity to provide some flexibility to the balance sheet by taking advantage of this tax structure and then overtime as growth investments materialize we’ll reinvest in the holding company becomes an opportunity to fund those investments. At this point, we do not see a need for equity through 2015.
Lynn J. Good: I think it’s something that it’s opportunistic Hugh. So, we were able to sign up and extend the contracts back in 2010, 2012, we will continue to evaluate those opportunities but don’t have anything specific to share with you at this point.Hugh Wynne – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC: Great, all right. Thank you very much.
Lynn J. Good: So Julien, if you look at our integrated resource plans for both Duke Energy Carolinas and Duke Energy Progress, we do show a need that could be filled by nuclear in the back part of the decade. And I’m not going to comment specifically on negotiations it’s an important asset for the region. We’re continuing to evaluate it, but have not reached a point of terms that we’re ready to move forward at this point. As you know, the asset is strongly supported by South Carolina, if we were to acquire up to 10% somewhere around 70% of that investment would be dedicated to North Carolina. so it’ll be important to receive appropriate regulatory recovery in North Carolina as well.
Lynn J. Good: We are at this point waiting for the Ohio Commission order, Julien and are anticipating it by the end of the year. we don’t have any specifics on the exact timeframe between now and then. We are agnostic as to switching, because we are fully decoupled. The generation is fully merchant, all of the load it serves under auction for Duke Energy Ohio. So the switching is not relevant to us any longer.
Lynn J. Good: We’re certainly keeping the regulator informed, Julien for the progress at Edwardsport. You may recall that the recovery of Edwardsport cost is in accordance with a tracker, under the terms of a tracker that we file twice a year, giving us an opportunity to fully update the Commission on our results or cost structure et cetera. So we are continuing to maintain those updates and providing the commission with the status of the project.
Lynn J. Good: Brain, what I would say on Ohio cost-based capacity, because we don’t have an order yet it’s difficult for us to project implications to 2014. Energy margins will be dictated by commodity prices similarly the FX and the NMC. So those will be able to give you some specific guidance as these trends develop between now and February.
Lynn J. Good: I think that’s a reasonable range, Brain, 0.5% to 1%, yes, to 2015, right.Brian J. Chin – Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Great, thank you very much.
Lynn J. Good: If you look at the international business as an important part of Duke contributes about 10% up to 15% of our earnings. It’s been a strong contributor to the company, certainly strong cash flow. Our strategic focus over the last 16 months has really been on the regulated business working through these regulatory proceedings, focus on merger integration, we’ll focus on Midwest generation over the next year or so, as we evaluate the impact of the cost-based capacity filing. And we’ll continue to look for opportunities to optimize the value of the international business, but we don’t have any specific strategic review that I would share with you at this point.Kit Konolige – BGC Partners LP: Okay, thank you very much. See you all at EEI.
Lynn J. Good: Ali, that’s certainly a strategic question that we will need to answer as we move forward. Our focus at this point is on securing the order from the Ohio commission. We’re also focused on cost effective operation of those assets, we are engaged in the discussions with PJM on the structuring of the market. So far, the – our focus over this near-term is on those specific items.Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Fair enough. thank you.
Lynn J. Good: All right. Thank you. Well, I’d like to thank all of you for questions and for your interest in Duke Energy. We look forward to talking with many of you next week at EEI Financial Conference in Orlando. Thank you.
Steven K. Young: Good morning.Shar Pourreza – Citigroup Global Markets Inc.: Bob, first congrats on the retirement. You’ve been a good friend and a great resource for us for several years, so congratulations.
Steven K. Young: And I would say that the pension expense is not the bigger driver of the $550 million by any means. It is primarily O&M savings within our corporate and functional areas.Greg Gordon – International Strategy & Investment Group LLC: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Steven K. Young: We are projecting over the next 10 year period $5 billion to $6 billion of environmental spend. In the near-term, over the next, through 2015 we will spending over $1 billion primarily on air and primarily in Indiana and in the Carolinas. As you move beyond that towards the back-end of the 10 year period you will start to pick up some of the water and ash expenditures. It's difficult to predict exactly what level of CapEx will be given that the rules are not finalized at this particular point in time.
Steven K. Young: We began this in the third quarter actually in terms of levelizing nuclear outage cost I believe for the most part and we’ve got four refueling outages, an outage will run roughly $20 million, $30 million per outage. We can give you more details on the specifics in terms of the cost incurred.Michael J. Lapides – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay.
Steven K. Young: No, it’s – the full year impact about the $0.10 to $0.12, most of that will be in the fourth quarter and then when you look perspectively in 2014, you’ll have new outages being deferred, but you’ll have amortizations of previous outages catching up to it if you will. So the impact in 2014 will be a net reduction of O&M, but not as significant as what we saw in 2013.Michael J. Lapides – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Okay, guys. Thank you much appreciated and I’ll see you at EEI.
Steven K. Young: Good morning.Kit Konolige – BGC Partners LP: I don't know what your retirement says about my career, but we’ve been doing this together for a long time.
Steven K. Young: It could, we have to look at what the order said in the so forth. But it could affect adjusted earnings. That’s correct.Kit Konolige – BGC Partners LP: And then once – so once that’s received, I think in the past Lynn, you’ve said that order in the fourth quarter.
