Lynn Good: Michael, I would you direct you to the Slide 16 of the deck which gives you a comparison of where we are for year-to-date results against original expectations. Can you see commercial has delivered about 65 million of net income against our original expectations of a 140 million. We are not expecting that will deliver a 140 million for ’16. Some of that short fall will be the result of lesser capital deployment as Steve mentioned, returns have been very market driven, so break for customers but load for investors. And then we continue to expect to be slightly behind on wind on solar resources as a result of what we've seen in weather patterns. So those are the two things that I would point too.
Lynn Good: I think returns are lower, Michael and I think the other thing to consider for Duke as an investor we are in an NOL position as a result of bonus depreciation and so as we look at returns we consider that the monetization of tax credits need to reflect when we will be a cash tax payer, so the DCF of that can challenge our returns. So that's something that we’ll continue to monitor. As the time progresses we understand the market well, we have great expertise in both wind and solar base on the business that we've built, we still like for business, but we are declined in the way we deploy the capital based on the returns we’re seeing in the market.
Lynn Good: I think as we get closer to that period of tax where we burn off the NOL that will impact our view of returns Michael, because the relative value the tax credits will be greater.
Lynn Good: So, Ali, if you think about it, as 1.7 billion to 1.9 billion of proceeds coming into the holding company. So the average rate as Steve reference is consistent with that.
Lynn Good: Tax credits are going to be a significant part of the renewable return. Ali, I don’t have an exact number in front of me, we do have a modest amount of contribution in commercial fund of pipelines at this point to the third quarter, we’ll move that to the gas infrastructure segment in the fourth quarter.
Lynn Good: So Ali, the businesses that we earned coming out the transition are all core and I think the strength of the franchises we own in the South-east both Gas and Electric and then a strong position in mid-West are core businesses. And we’ll be looking to drive growth for investment that build on cleaner forms of generation and strengthening our grid and driving growth and providing value to customers, that will be job one at Duke. I believe M&A represents something that we will continue to look at as opportunity for rise, and I think we’ve demonstrated a track record of successful integration of M&A candidates, but job one, as I said is growing core businesses that we own.
Lynn Good: We look at a variety of things as we think about terminal value including forward curves as well as market experience. And so our contracts are the majority of the value that we are looking at and so terminal was something and we look at a range of possible outcomes.
Lynn Good: Thank you everyone for your interest and investment in Duke Energy. We have made tremendous progress this quarter and look forward to see many of you in the coming months and at the EDI Financial Conference next week. Thank you.
Steve Young: As currently we are expecting assuming there are no further extensions of bonus that we would come out of the NOL position in 2019. We would then begin using tax credits ITC production tax credits, so we would still not be a significant cash tax player for a few years after that. 
Steve Young: When we did the calculation, we come up with roughly $0.05. We’re looking at long-term holding company rate, might be in the 3.5% to 4% type range of that nature. So that's the basis of what we’re looking at and we've baked that into our financing plans anticipating that to happen we’ll initially take down some bridge facilities of shorter term with the proceeds.
Steve Young: Well, what I'm speaking about is, we’ve anticipated this and baked it into our financing plans to avoid issuances of hold co. at that higher level.
Steve Young: That’s correct. The results for the commercial portfolio reflects small amounts of AFUDC on the pipelines, that will be growing. But right now it is primarily from the renewables business and that is heavily driven by the recognition of the tax benefits.
