James Rogers: Thank you, Stephen. Good morning, everyone, and thank you all for joining us today. We appreciate your interest and investment in Duke Energy. I'll start with the bottom line for the third quarter results. They were excellent. The weather remained hot, the economy continued to show slow but steady signs of improvement, especially in our industrial class and our employees executed extremely well. As you saw in our news release this morning, we announced adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.51 for the third quarter of 2010 versus $0.40 for the third quarter of 2009. This is a quarter-over-quarter increase of around 28%. If you remove the impact of weather from each of these quarters, the quarter-over-quarter increase was approximately 7%. Let me highlight the more significant drivers of our results for this quarter. First, favorable weather. We experienced well above normal temperatures in all five of our regulated jurisdictions during the third quarter. In the Carolinas, the quarter was the hottest third quarter in nearly 50 years. Additionally, we continued to realize higher revenues from our base rate increases approved in 2009 in North Carolina and South Carolina. And our employees and fleet continued to deliver excellent performance throughout the third quarter's unusually hot weather. Our year-to-date nuclear capacity factor was 96%, while our fossil fuel fleet had a commercial availability of 89%. This strong operational performance through the end of the third quarter puts us on target to achieve our operational metrics for 2010, some of which are outlined on Slide 18 in the appendix. Based upon our results for the third quarter, usually our most significant quarter, we are increasing our 2010 adjusted diluted EPS outlook. We're going to increase that range to $1.40 to $1.45 per share. To put this in some perspective, at the start of the year, our 2010 adjusted diluted EPS outlook range was $1.25 to $1.30. After our second quarter results, we increased the outlook range to $1.30 to $1.35. Assumptions underlying this revised outlook include: normal weather for the rest of the year, continued costs control, continued strong operational performance and a stable economy. Before I turn the call over to Lynn to discuss the quarterly results, let me spend a few moments on Indiana. On November 3, I will have an opportunity to reaffirm our need for Edwardsport in a technical conference at the Indiana Commission and to answer any questions that the commission, its staff or any of the parties in the proceeding may have. Edwardsport is the cornerstone of our modernization strategy in Indiana. It helps us reduce the environmental impact of our existing coal generation fleet and prepares us for the inevitable retirement of some of our older coal plants, renew environmental regulations for coal-fired plants are issued in the coming years by the EPA. Our IRP, our Integrated Resource Plan, supports our need for Edwardsport, even at the higher costs estimates of $2.88 billion. Based on this analysis, it is the best long-term economic solution to meet the needs of our Indiana customers at this time. Edwardsport is currently around 74% complete and is scheduled to be in service, 2012. As you may know, questions have been raised related to the recent hiring of an attorney formerly with the Indiana Commission. In response, we have retain an outside law firm to conduct an independent investigation. We're also cooperating with Indiana Commission and the Inspector General in the reviews of this matter. Once the investigations are concluded, we will take whatever actions are appropriate. Because these investigations are ongoing, I cannot comment at this time, on the investigations or any actions we may take. However, this matter is a top priority for me, as well as my management team. Now let me turn it over to Lynn.
James Rogers: Well, Ali, as you know, we really don't comment specifically on mergers or acquisitions with respect to our company, but I will say you are right. The wave seems to be continuing to build with consolidation in our industry. And as we look at the need to retire and replace plants, the need to modernize the grid and the fact that over the next two decades, the real price of electricity is going to rise as compared to the last 50 years where the real price has been flat, I think there's going to be increasing pressure on companies to look at ways to mitigate these cost increases. And obviously mergers is one way to do it. So I think more to come on that, so thank you.
James Rogers: Sure. I think the way to put the stage is to say for the past nine years, the customers have benefited from a five-year rate freeze and a negotiated rate that was below the market price for four years. It worked for both customers and investors during that period. Today, the situation is very different. Prices have dropped dramatically in PJM, and we've experienced significant switching to the benefit of consumers, but not investors. At the heart of the problem, in my judgment, is that customers have a free option. Said another way, they have the ability to get the lower of market price or a negotiated rate. And the commission has been unwilling to permit a non-bypassable charge for standing ready to serve our customers when they return. As you know so well in truly competitive markets, there are no free options. Consequently, the way I view the situation in Ohio, we are neither regulated or allowed to completely to market today. So we are taking a very close look at the MRO, because that is a way to transition to market. It seems to be emerging in our analysis as the appropriate way forward, with respect to getting the appropriate returns for investors and continuing to provide to our customers reliable and affordable service. The way I would say it is, is that we're continuing to think our way through this. We're continuing to examine the pluses and minuses of the ESP approach that's been so beneficial to customers and investors in the past. And we're continuing to drill down on all of the implications of the MRO. As you know, FirstEnergy's MRO request was rejected several years ago, and we've looked closely at the basis for its rejection. And if we go that route, we will make sure that we address the issues that were raised by the commission there. So on balance, we believe that we have to make a very difficult decision between now and mid-November. But if you had to say, well, where are you leaning? I would say we're leaning toward the MRO at this point, but that's not a final decision. We have more work to do.
James Rogers: Actually, it's simpler than what we had originally thought. The cost is roughly $70 million. It would require a pipeline to be built to the plant to be able to supply the gas.
James Rogers: I think that -- here's my thinking about it. This, in my judgment, has been a good business because we're primarily building our wind and solar in states that have renewable portfolio standards. So they are mandated to purchase. Secondly, we are in every instance before we start construction put in place at least a 20-year PPA. And thirdly, the tax incentives associated in this business are very attractive. As you know, we're able to recover 38% of our investment in the first year. And coupled with that, we've been able to do project financing, so we've been able to get attractive returns on these investments. But our current sense of the market is that it is softening. And so the opportunities that are available may not be as great as they have been in past years. And I believe that's consistent with sort of the perception that FP&L has, which is really the leader in the industry in terms of developing wind. And I think we've all seen a softening in the demand for renewable energies, even in the states with the mandates to meet certain targets in future periods.
James Rogers: We have spent significant amount of time talking to other parties in the state and really working in a collaborative way to develop proposals for the next session that starts in January, I believe, in North Carolina. And so we will be prepared to kind of rollout a legislative plan. And clearly, the ability to get regular adjustments equipped without filing a rate case will be on that list. There will be a number of riders specifically tied to environmental expenditures. I mean, those are two for sure that would be on the list. And there maybe other ideas that will be attached to it. But again, I think the important point, Michael, for you to take from this, is that we're spending a lot of time building a coalition of support for legislation that really will allow us to address these issues in front of us and to be able to do it in a way that over time will allow us to close the gap between our earned and allowed return.
James Rogers: I think one thing that we have done is we participated in the FirstEnergy auctions and that's really the extent of our activity in the state.
James Rogers: And I think that is really a very important point in the transition. But to be realistic about this, once the transition's complete, that we would not have an obligation other than through an auction process or a bidding process to serve our load. And that would give us the option to make a decision as to whether we want to keep the 4,000 megawatts we currently have dedicated to the load or to sell them. But that's a decision that is far down the road.
Lynn Good: Jonathan, I think that's still a reasonable expectation for '11. What we have seen in the latter couple of months in the third quarter is a real stabilization in the level of switching, and that's what we were referring to in our remarks.
Lynn Good: Ali, we've begun to look at that. And in the Carolinas, we will be above 10%. Our allowed ROE in the Carolinas is 10.7%, you may recall.
Lynn Good: I don't have the other jurisdictions in my mind. We can certainly discuss that with you on a follow up.
Lynn Good: Ali, I would refer you to Slide 19 in the deck, which gives you a good breakdown of weather to normal in both 2010 and 2009, which should give you the information you need to compare.
Lynn Good: Dan, if you look at the slide for the quarter, Midwest gas is about $33 million. For the year, it's close to $70 million, year-over-year delta.
Lynn Good: Dan, we haven't talked about a long-term target. Certainly, we were pleased with capacity prices early in the auction cycle for PJM. As you know, those recent clearing prices have not been as good. And we did experience this quarter higher energy margins really driven by low gas prices and weather.
Lynn Good: Brian, this is Lynn. We have received conditional approval from FERC on the transfer. We still are waiting commission approval from Kentucky and are targeting the transfer to be effective January 1 of 2012.
Lynn Good: Hugh, I think it's premature to talk about '11 to '12, with the early stage of our negotiations and setting of prices that we talked about in terms of the filing we're predicting or planning for the end of the year. The one thing I would point to in the slide deck, if you look at Slide 7, there's a distribution of who serves Ohio's customers today and you'll notice that 36% are still being served by Duke Energy Ohio, and those customers are still paying the Electric Security Plan price.
Lynn Good: No, you should think about the '11 impact as being annualization, Hugh, because switching has occurred over time in 2010. And so you'll see an annualization impact in '11.
Lynn Good: Yes, what I would say to that, it certainly, they're Duke Energy Ohio customers, and they could certainly choose to switch. But they have remained with us throughout this entire period and we have seen a stabilization in switching.
Lynn Good: We have issued about $200 million of equity this year. We would forecast that to be about $300 million by the end of the year. We will update our equity plans when it comes in the Street in 2011. The only equity that we have announced publicly is the DRIP for 2010. And as you can imagine, we are in a position of stronger cash than we predicted coming into the year. So we'll consider all of these factors, our capital plan for next year, et cetera and setting expectations for the future.
Lynn Good: Michael, as we've shared with you even dating back to our Analyst Day, we've been very focused on trying to close the gap. What Jim is talking about legislatively is certainly a piece of that. You will also see us file ongoing general rate cases. We're planning to file in the Carolinas in 2011. So it's a combination of things that we'll be working with to close that gap.
Lynn Good: Paul, our focus has been Ohio and will remain Ohio predominantly. The only business that we have really entertained outside of Ohio is based on industrial or commercial customers who have operations in adjoining states where we understand the market, et cetera. So strategically, we're not trying to build a national footprint or even a super-regional footprint on retail. We're working through the environment in Ohio and trying to address that competitive environment in a very proactive way.
Lynn Good: Paul, that's something we're not prepared to talk about today. I think we'd like to take that one on offline.
Lynn Good: Ashar, the generation asset sale is a strategy that is many steps down the chess board, I'm trying to develop the ongoing strategic positioning of Ohio. What we are focused on initially is the next 2012 to 2014 positioning of these assets and the pricing MRO is one option that we're looking at.
Lynn Good: Not necessarily. You should think about generation asset as something that we could either leave in the utility or request to move outside of the utility in an ESP structure or an MRO structure.
Lynn Good: No, I think our comments on earning a fair return in the environment in Ohio where commodity prices are low, we've experienced switching, just a more volatile market, which does make it difficult to earn a consistent predictable return on the assets. And so that's the key area focus as we think about the future.
Lynn Good: The one comment I would make about the MRO is it does have an opportunity or the way the statute is written, you actually transition to market. So there's a blending concept with the price to customers is established as a part percentage, your former ESP price and part percentage market prices. And so it does give you an opportunity to keep the prices at a higher level than what a strict reduction to market would result.
Lynn Good: We have not disclosed this exit fees, but will as we complete our receiving all the approvals and get closer to the date of that occurring.
Lynn Good: I think generation in 2009 was particularly strong and what I would also suggest is that Bill Currens and our IR team would be available to have further discussions on that topic.
