James Rogers: Thank you, Stephen. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today, and thank you for your interest and investment in Duke Energy. We had a strong first quarter. As you saw in our news release this morning, we announced adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.36 for the first quarter of '10 versus $0.28 for the first quarter of '09. Reported diluted EPS for the first quarter 2010 was $0.34 compared to $0.27 for the first quarter 2009.  These solid results were primarily due to three factors: One, favorable weather; two, an increase in weather-normalized retail sales volumes; and three, the impact from the base rate increases approved in 2009 in North Carolina, South Carolina, Ohio and Kentucky. When fully implemented, these four increases will increase base rates by over $450 million a year. During the quarter, we experienced colder-than-normal weather across our service territories. Actually, in the Carolinas, February was one of the coldest on record and on January 11, we set a new winter peak for power demand. Relating to the economy, the signs of stabilization we began to see late last year, continued through the first quarter. Even though we continue to believe that the economic recovery will be gradual, this continued improvement gives us more confidence that the worst may be behind us.  With these results, we are on track to achieve the 2010 adjusted diluted EPS outlook range of $1.25 to $1.30, the guidance we reported at our February analyst meeting. Achievement of this year's EPS range assumes normal weather, continued success with our cost control efforts and maintaining our strong operational performance. And remember, our third quarter is historically our most significant quarter of the year.  In addition to the base rate increases I noted, I would like to highlight several of our key developments so far in 2010. First, we continue to make progress with our major construction projects. In our Regulated businesses, Cliffside is over 60% complete and Edwardsport is over 55% complete. Last month, we filed a cost update for the Edwardsport plant with the Indiana Utility Regulatory Commission, which I will discuss later in more detail. Additionally, in our Commercial businesses, we are on target to bring over 250 megawatts of wind generation online in 2010.  Second, we continued our cost control efforts, including implementing our voluntary employee separation and office consolidation plans. We are on track to achieve our target of maintaining our 2010 O&M costs, net of deferrals and cost recovery riders flat with 2009.  Third, we remain focused on maintaining the strong operational performance of our generation fleet and grid. During the first quarter, we continued our strong operational performance such as our nuclear capacity factor, which ended the quarter at over 98%.  Finally, in Duke Energy International, we extended the joint venture agreement for National Methanol Company, NMC, by 20 years until 2032. This joint venture, which was scheduled to expire in 2011, has historically generated 20% to 30% of International's earnings contribution. We are very pleased with being able to extend this earnings stream. Let me now turn it over to Lynn, for a more detailed summary of the first quarter.
James Rogers: The construction is on schedule. We have not backed off construction with this estimate increase. We continue to push very hard on the construction of the project, working very closely with Bechtel, our principal EPC and General Electric, the equipment vendor, to drive this forward. So as we said in our testimony, we continue to believe this is a very good project for the state, for our customers. And yes, we are committed to driving it forward.
James Rogers: Good question. We did participate in the process. We worked hard to win because we felt there were a lot of reasons why that asset was contiguous to our assets in the Midwest and it made sense from an operational standpoint, it made sense from increasing our scale perspective. But at the end of the day, we lost to PP&L (sic) [PPL], and we wish them the best of luck with their proposed acquisition.
James Rogers: We, today, are a combination of three companies. As you look at where we are today in our industry, I think we're in the beginning of another wave, and there's been a series of waves of consolidation over the last two decades. And I think we're in the beginning of another wave of consolidation. And you can trust the fact that we will be very opportunistic as we look at the opportunities, but we'll be very disciplined in our approach to any opportunity that we might find.
James Rogers: I would think of it this way. Yes, they bring a very low cost of capital as you might imagine. They hold maybe $1.6 trillion in U.S. treasuries. And so any kind of return greater than that would be an improvement for them. And so one, they have low cost of capital. Two, they have demonstrated a great ability to build new facilities and build them fast and to build quality facilities. So clearly, from that standpoint, we see partnerships making sense. I do envision over a longer period of time that they could participate in a joint ownership of nuclear plants, or maybe the joint ownership of coal facilities, or even the joint ownership of a utility within the U.S. So again, I do think that these are opportunities that are on the horizon, and we're certainly not ruling any of them out as potential opportunities.
James Rogers: Sure. I mean we're still working our way through the NRC process with respect to our COLA on the Lee plant. We are working with DOE with respect to loan guarantees. That potential is still on the horizon. We still have plans to file a CPCN in the first quarter of next year. So everything's on track and our goal line is to bring this online in 2020, 2021.
Lynn Good: What I would direct you to, and this is Lynn, is the $0.04 to $0.07 that we put out there in terms of comparative impact between years. And as we indicated in the remarks just a moment ago, we see that trending to the higher end of the range.
Lynn Good: We're reporting that we expect switching to be in the range of 50% to 55% on average for the year. And our experience up to this point has been that we're retaining about 60% of that switched load. So all of those things taken together is really the underpinnings for the $0.04 to $0.07 that we've shared with you.
Lynn Good: It's a good question. We have evaluated at various times over the period that Ohio has been deregulated, pulling our assets out of Duke Energy Ohio into a competitive entity. We have not done so at this point and in fact, we're precluded from doing so in the last ESP, but it's something that we continue to evaluate.
Lynn Good: Jonathan, that's a good question. I think much as we said in our remarks, it's one quarter. We do see some strengths in the Industrial demand based on conversations with our customers through the second quarter. But there's a lot of cautiousness about the back half of the year, particularly with primary metals. And I guess the other thing I would comment on is our results were influenced by weather in the first quarter. And that's something that of course can turn around with a cool July. So it's just something we'll continue to monitor. We're very pleased with the way we started the year.
Lynn Good: Sure. Jonathan, as we've shared in the past, our target is to grow at a pace of 250 megawatts a year. That has come in, in a lumpy way. And by that I mean in 2009 we added about 360 megawatts. We're on track in '10 to achieve our 250-megawatt goal. But as we look to '11, we're still working on that pipeline. I'd say the same about '12. And so some of the things that you've been reading about, states or municipalities and utilities pulling back a bit because of lack of clarity on renewable standards, softness in demand, perhaps low gas prices, we do find the PPA market as a result of those factors to be a bit more challenging than they were in 2009. But I think with the size of growth aspiration that we have, we still think 250 megawatts is a reasonable target for us to shoot at.
Lynn Good: Morning, Michael, it's Lynn. Primary metals are the sector that's really driving Midwestern growth, and you can see that in the appendix slide that we've attached, about 30% growth, Q1 '10 over Q1 '09. In terms of softness, I would say we're seeing stability in chemicals but not a lot of growth. We are hearing from customers that perhaps the back half will look better than the first half of the year.
Lynn Good: Michael, what we shared in connection with the rate increases is that we believe the rate cases will give us an opportunity to earn 50 to 100 basis points above where we were in '09. So I would think about it in the range of 9.5% to 10%.
Lynn Good: Paul, I'm not going to speak specifically about our strategy because, as you can imagine, Ohio is a particularly competitive environment. So I would just like to leave it at outside of our service territory.
Lynn Good: I don't think that we should forecast anything more rapid than what we've seen up to this point. What we are doing is trying to participate actively as the market develops.
Lynn Good: It's a good question. And as you might expect, the earnings of NMC are a bit difficult to project given the volatility that we experience as a result of commodity prices. We would expect our ownership interest to decline probably beginning in 2014 at the completion of the new plant. And overall, we don't expect the new plant to be a significant contributor to NMC's earnings. So if commodity prices were to remain the same as they are today, you would expect the contribution to decrease somewhat. But I think it's premature to give any guidance around 2013, 2014.
Lynn Good: It's a good question. Two things I would point to is that our ESP does expire at the end of '11, and we will begin discussions and negotiations with the commission in late '10, early '11 about how we move forward and set prices into the next phase of our ESP. Our bias has been to use the ESP mechanism and that continues to be our position. But the pricing of an ESP in 2012 at the renewal date will be impacted by what market prices are at that point. And so as we think about perhaps a three-year extension, '12, '13 and '14, you should be considering sort of an average market price out in that period as a proxy for the range that we would be targeting in our negotiations.
