Lynn Good: Sure. And Shar thanks for the question. Our optimism is really centered on the broad support for comprehensive energy legislation that exists within the state. We've been talking for some time about the robust process that occurred in 2020 and under the governor's Clean Energy Plan. So the administration, the environmental communities, solar developers, industrial customers, Duke Energy, others have been at the table and there is broad support to move forward in 2021. I think the other thing that's important to note, which I tried to emphasize in the remarks is we're in the middle of the session. But that legislative process which includes the opportunity to introduce bills will continue and is expected to continue well into the summer. So one thing I would just point out is if we think back to 2017, when House Bill 589 was moving, it was actually introduced in June, which was well past crossover dates and then became law at the end of July. So the timing and approach to advance the bill is in the hands of legislative leadership and we remain – we'll remain patient, as they work through their process. But as I said, we have optimism based on the broad support for this legislation.
Lynn Good: I don't want to point to a specific time frame, Shar but do think we'll have data points to talk about this summer including, we'll be back in front of all of you in early August. The timing is really in the hands of legislative leadership which is where it belongs to advance the bill. And so we'll continue to keep you updated. But the optimism, as I said before, really centers on the broad support.
Lynn Good: Sure. And Shar, I think all of the things you mentioned kind of fit under the broad objectives, where there's alignment. So transition away from coal, advancing renewables, regulatory and ratemaking reforms. And so when I – when we use the word comprehensive and you list all of those things underneath, you can see that there are a number of key issues that will be addressed. And so, we'll have more to say as this progresses. The other point I would emphasize is the five-year plan, the 5% to 7%, the 2021 guidance that we've put in front of you is not predicated on a specific outcome of this legislation. It has a more dramatic impact on the back part of the decade as we accelerate the transition into 2030. So, we think good progress is being made and we'll continue to update you.
Lynn Good: Sure. And Julien, reliability and affordability have been front and center really dating back into 2020 in the stakeholder process. So, all of the things that we're talking about here around transition, around renewables around regulatory reforms will be looked at within the construct of reliability and affordability and that's appropriate, if you think about the growing economy here in the Carolinas. So that -- those topics are being discussed and should be discussed.
Lynn Good: '22 rate case, I don't know about that, Julien. We don't have specific plans around the rate case in 2022. But I would -- your point around the summer, the legislative process continues into the summer. And as the calendar lays out in the Carolinas, the long session doesn't have a required end date. So, we'll continue to keep you apprised of the developments in the summer and again remain optimistic.
Lynn Good: Julien, you might have seen on the front page of the journal today, they were highlighting communities that have been benefiting from migration. Greenville, South Carolina is on the list. So, we've continued to see good customer growth and hope to be surprised to the upside, but the 1% to 2% I think is a good planning assumption. We've sized our cost structure to be consistent with that. So we're continuing to manage the business really tightly.
Lynn Good: Yes, I wouldn't read anything into it. It's comprehensive energy legislation with a broad group of stakeholders. And one of the reasons I pointed to HB 589, they introduced in June of 2017 is because you may not remember that bill specifically but it included PURPA reform and also included a pathway for renewables over a multiyear period. So, the time line how to advance the bill time frame always within the hands of the legislative leadership and we continue to work with a broad range of stakeholders. But I don't think there's anything specific that I would point to on the timing. We remain optimistic that it will move forward.
Lynn Good: Sure. Sure. So, two things remain Steve, CFIUS approval and FERC approval. There have been some filings in the FERC docket back and forth Sierra Club CAC others. In our view, the issues that are being raised are not really relevant to what FERC is evaluating. And further there have been strong support from our wholesale customers. And so, we still believe kind of middle of the year is appropriate timing for that. CFIUS has recently notified that they're moving to another phase which is quite common. With the case load that they have to reach agreement within 45 days of approval is increasingly uncommon. So, again, we think midyear is the right time line for both of those approvals and we'll continue to keep you updated.
Lynn Good: Yes. So, the IRP is moving in two ways, Steve. In North Carolina, there have been public hearings underway. The North Carolina Commission does not approve the IRP, but rather provide feedback. And so, we are on pace to hear from them we believe likely in the fall in North Carolina. And then in South Carolina, there was a hearing that began on April 26. It has wrapped up. South Carolina does approve. This is a part of Act 62 that you may remember from a couple of years ago. We expect an order from them by June 28. And I think what's important in South Carolina is the Office of Regulatory Staff is supportive. In fact, it's complementary of the work that we accomplished with the IRP. And so we believe we'll get good feedback from the South Carolina Commission as well June -- end of June for that timeframe.
Lynn Good: So, Steve, a heavier coal mix in Indiana as you know. Some wind availability in terms of resource capability in Indiana more so than in the Carolinas. Solar is available but would have a slightly different capacity profile than in the southeast as you can imagine. And so, we have been in active conversations in Indiana on the appropriate transition for some time. You may recall that in the rate case that was approved in July, we actually accelerated depreciation shortening the lives of the assets. And the legislature in Indiana has also undertaken a review and a clean energy task force of how the state can keep making progress. And so we see this IRP filing is a way for us to continue discussions with all the parties, how can we accelerate, how can Indiana maintain control of their destiny, how can we bring in renewables in a cost-effective way is there a role for natural gas as we move away from coal. And good conversations are underway and expect to have more to say as we get closer to that filing, Stephen, but I would share with you that we're building on conversations that have been underway in the state for some time. 
Lynn Good: Stephen, the one thing I would add to that, I think is we monitor the acceleration of policy discussions at the federal level. And we also see how our states and customers are moving. We continue to keep our eye on what signs of supply chain are we going to need in order to accomplish all of these objectives. And I think that is going to be something that every utility is looking at.  In the near-term, there could be some pricing pressures as we all try to figure out how to get on our front foot. But I suspect, if there's a lot of support for this growth that supply chains will continue to expand. And we'll look for ways we can find the lowest cost for customers. So it is a front-of-mind issue for us broadly not only for the coming year and projects on the docket, but over the long-term as we look at the size of these capital spending plans that we have in front of us. 
Lynn Good: Stephen, I think it's early and there are a lot of things being discussed as you know, infrastructure, clean energy policies, tax policy. And so I do think we are encouraged by the conversations around clean tech R&D, electric vehicles, some discussion around permitting reform. Tax policy, we expect to have some incentives around clean energy investment, which will be to the benefit of our customers.  So we remain engaged and we'll know more about how these things take shape over the course of the summer and continue to be encouraged that there might be a bipartisan way to approach infrastructure. I think there's an upcoming bipartisan infrastructure week in early June because I think that could be needed investment in the economy and certainly great for Duke if that were to move forward. 
Lynn Good: So the house is taking the lead Jonathan. And all the comments I've made continue remain we're working our way through it. 
Lynn Good: I wouldn't expect the dates that you're referencing like crossover and so on to move, Jonathan. I think the bigger point is that legislation and introduction of bills and amendment of bills and other things can move throughout the legislative session. So it's not dependent on those specific dates.
Lynn Good: I think any support, federal support and other support for nuclear is important, Michael. We are big proponents of nuclear power at Duke Energy. If you think about the Carolinas 50% of the energy comes from carbon-free nuclear. And so we are on path to seek second license renewal for all of our plants, and we're also engaged on some new technologies from the standpoint of providing operating experience for the advanced nuclear that we believe will be helpful to get to net zero. And so when I listen to incentives around nuclear that you were referencing, I think, they can be quite important for technology development and for encouraging further expansion of nuclear power as part of the net zero plan. 
Lynn Good: It could. I don't think at this early stage it will. Michael one of the things that we're in discussions with the commissions about and the IRP is all of them are based on historic tax policy. So any incentives around extended renewables, nuclear, offshore, wind, transmission all of those would be updates and generally, more cost-effective for customers. So we will continue to update these IRP plans as we go forward. And as I said a couple of times, the support for new technologies we think is really important because as we get kind of to that 70% to 80% carbon reduction working towards net zero, we need technologies we don't have today. And that's where the advanced nuclear could show up carbon capture, hydrogen and other things. So we're big advocates of keeping attention on that and funding in a way that will help those technologies get to commercial scale. 
Lynn Good: Sure. So we have made some investments Michael and sustain RNG, which makes advanced methane -- uses advanced methane generation technology to produce renewable natural gas from dairy farms. And so we're really working with the technology today with the hope that we can introduce it in our Piedmont system or our system in the Midwest and Tennessee as we go forward. And that coupled with our commitment to net zero methane by 2030 makes a strong statement about our commitment to lowering carbon in our LDC business.
Lynn Good: The branding Jeremy I would characterize as us being responsive to the market. We have a lot of work going on with large industrial and commercial customers looking for customized solutions as they work to achieve their own sustainability goals. It could take the form of commercial renewables. It could take the form of micro grids. It could take the form of supporting electrification of industrial processes or transportation. And so we have been working with these large customers for some time and thought this would be a helpful way just to bring a comprehensive set of solutions to those customers as we go forward. And I believe that customization is going to be an important part of the decarbonization journey for large industrial commercial customers as we move forward. 
Lynn Good: We do see opportunities for more CapEx. And frankly, we see opportunities for more load growth as we -- as customers adopt the technology and we see increasing utilization on the part of our communities and municipalities et cetera. So we have been very active in this Jeremy with conversations around all of our jurisdictions trying to get a base level of infrastructure in place to encourage adoption and then working directly with -- like the City of Charlotte we're partnering with them on electrification and municipal buses working with school districts. Anything that we can do to bring our expertise around electrification to this important transition, I think represents an incredible opportunity for us. All these individuals have sustainability goals. All these communities, many of them have sustainability goals. And then I think as you see the auto manufacturers and others transitioning to electric, we want to have the infrastructure in place to serve those customers. So I think it represents an incredible opportunity.
Lynn Good: Michael, I think there continues to be opportunities. Steve talked about some of the learnings from COVID. We're aggressively moving on real estate. As we continue to invest in the grid with new technologies, we're finding O&M savings. And as you think about this clean energy transition moving out of coal there's a natural reduction in O&M that could come there as well. So we continue to find ideas, continue to find ways to really focus on this. And we also see it as a strategic priority for our company to maintain affordable prices for customers as we put this capital to work. So our focus on this is not going to lessen. We're not at the end of anything. We're just continuing to find ways we can drive efficiencies.
Lynn Good: Thank you April and thanks to all of you for joining today for your interest in Duke, your investment in Duke. And the IR team is available as always for further questions following this call. So thanks so much. Have a good afternoon.
Steve Young: Yes. I'll take that Stephen. We have in our Commercial Renewables business pretty extensive input to the supply chain. And so we have a good diverse set of vendors that we utilize for the various services there. We haven't seen any anomalies or stresses at this point that interfere with our projects and moving them online.  We saw some challenges in 2020 related to COVID and worker availability along the supply chain. But as that has been relieved that has helped move along. We're keeping an eye on increasing price pressures as we are across our entire footprint not just the renewable standpoint. But at this point, we haven't seen anything of what I would call dramatic. 
Steve Young: That's a full year number, Jonathan, and that takes into account what we expected to see in the first quarter of 2021 knowing that there was still some carryforward in winter surge and so forth, but the 1% to 2% is the entire year.
Steve Young: Given the winter surge, it was not surprising to see the drop there. And so we expected that to occur compared to 2020. So I think it was fairly well in line. What we're encouraged by is the early signs from April and that's just one month quite strong and some of the other indices. So, again, we would feel confident in the 1% to 2%, and we'll see if there's upside to that as we move to the next quarter.
Steve Young: Yes. That's right. It was a quick and fast look. We needed to get some information out about that on that early estimate, but as we worked with the individual customers and off-takers and tax equity partners, there was different allocations of events and it resulted in less of a loss.
Steve Young: Yes. The -- Michael for 2021, the O&M is going to go up compared to 2020. And keep in mind in 2020; we reduced O&M by $320 million roughly through various efforts. $200 million of that is sustainable. But a chunk of that is not sustainable. So you're going to see an absolute increase in 2021 over 2020 in O&M. But the broad trend line of O&M continues to decrease. We've taken it down 1% since roughly 2015, 2016 time frame on a consistent basis. And our goal is to certainly keep it flat to declining as we go forward. And I have confidence in our ability to do that. We've learned a lot from COVID, an entirely new set of efficiencies that we've learned from that that we're going to try to carry forward and broaden. But on an absolute basis, you'll see it go up in 2021 as we have to catch up a few things compared to 2020.
