Lynn Good: Shar, thank you. An early estimate would say, we've begun to contemplate what the January IRP includes and I think, you've seen us demonstrate that we've not only seen an increase in megawatts, but frankly we've seen an increase in price for certain of the resources that we're adding. But we believe that capital plan is subject to continued refinement, not only as we move through regulatory process in the Carolinas, but we will introduce more around Indiana. We have a 10-year site plan that we're filing in Florida this year. So, refinement will continue with the capital plan. But what I would leave you with Shar is, we have a wealth of opportunities. I mean there is growth that is strong throughout all of our service territories and we'll be making along with our regulators the decisions on reliability, affordability, increasingly clean, as we move through these IRPs, so just a really strong growth story for Duke.
Lynn Good: Yeah. So, a couple of things. On the transferability market, Shar, we have begun to test that market. We had a pilot transferability transaction in 2023. The discount on the transferability was right within our planning range. So very strong response to that initial test, and the treasury group and team are already working on how we might execute in 2024 as well. So we do believe the market is developing. And I think around the industry, you've seen similar transactions executed in an effective way. On a potential repeal, what I would say to you is we continue to be very engaged with policymakers at the federal and state level around the need for infrastructure as we continue to pursue growth, on-shoring of US manufacturing, leadership in artificial intelligence, battery manufacturing, EVs, et cetera. And we believe, there's a lot of support to continue to build that infrastructure, and to build it at a price that's affordable. And the point I would emphasize for us on tax credits around infrastructure, it goes directly to customers. It reduces price over time to customers dollar for dollar. So I believe both of those messages continue to resonate with policymakers and we'll continue to make them. I think it's essential that we keep moving on this infrastructure build in order to serve the growth that we're seeing in our service territories. On the impact of credit metrics, our goal, sure is to be minimum of 14%. So even in the event that, the credits could be impacted in some way over time. We still believe we'll have time to adjust. We'll look at our overall plans and continue to run our business with a commitment to our balance sheet and with a strong balance sheet to pursue the growth.
Lynn Good: Yeah. So, maybe a couple of things. On the capital side, Julien, much as Shar described, we'll continue to refine these with the wealth of opportunities, I do believe we'll have an opportunity to continue to introduce really strong capital in all of our jurisdictions. But on translating to rate base growth, what we show you with rate base is capital offset by tax attributes. So the nuclear PTCs, because we're amortizing them over a four year period in a very credit supportive way, we have a reduction in rate base as a result of that. So this is an opportunity for us to do both, grow and maintain the strength of the balance sheet. And we feel like we have developed a very constructive settlement in North Carolina to achieve exactly that.
Lynn Good: And over the long term, Julien, all of the things that Brian talked about we're going to continue to experience customer migration. Our existing customer base continues to demonstrate some strength over the five-year period. So probably the most new or significant driver is this economic development load. And we've given you a range of what we're seeing, and what we've put on the slide are the things that we believe have a high degree of confidence of being achieved. So DRIP is moving, letters of agreement have been signed and we're moving forward. And so the combination of our existing base population migration and the strong economic development gave us confidence to raise the long-term growth rate.
Lynn Good: Well, and I think Julien, we were continuing to grapple with this economic development all through 2023 and came to our filing here in the Carolinas in January, really reckoning with where we think this is going. So we have continued to mature our own thinking, working with our customers, working with the prospects coming to the area and believe this represents a really solid range. And when we're looking at that range, the growth is going to come along with it on megawatt hours and that's what you're seeing in our update.
Lynn Good: Yeah. So Steve you should think about DRIP as being about $200 million a year. It's about 40% of it.
Lynn Good: So 2028, 2029 Steve. Combined cycle plants two and 2028 -- or I'm sorry CTs two and 2028 CCs one and 2028 one and 2029.
Lynn Good: Yeah. You start to see it. The largest capital spend is in the last couple of years is construction as you know from history on these. But you'll see us beginning to ramp up well within this five-year period.
Lynn Good: Yes. And David I would say building on what Brian said residential growth has been stronger in the Carolinas and Florida. Commercial and Industrial in the Midwest has been good and it's also been good in the Carolinas. So, the growth kind of varies by customer class but I would go back to where I commented a moment ago we have a wealth of opportunities. And these are not only good for Duke Energy's growth but they're good for our states. It's capital investment it's job creation supply chain is coming with a lot of these manufacturers. So it's good for the service territories that we are serving.
Lynn Good: David I think it's premature to talk about that because the first thing that we'll do is run through capital optimization and allocation putting the capital in the area that both delivers the most customer value and is delivering the best returns. And I think we'll have more on this refinement of capital as we move through IRP approvals in the Carolinas this year and then Indiana next year 10-year site plan as well. So, we'll continue to keep you updated and our commitment remains to growth and a strong balance sheet.
Lynn Good: Yes. So Nick, pulling that all together we're very confident in our 5% to 7% growth rate. We have been building the capital plan to accomplish that as well as the regulatory mechanisms for several years. And so what we're putting in front of you we have a high degree of confidence on. And as a result of that we see the payout ratio declining over the next five years we'll be under 70% in 2024. And so as we look at our commitment to the dividend. We intend to continue growing it. We're committed to the dividend as we have been for a long period of time. But believe in this moment with the level of capital that we have, that introducing some financial flexibility in our range so that we can make good choices around dividend, capital and growth is just prudent. And so as you know we'll look at dividend every year. The Board is involved in that approval process. But given the total composition of growth in dividend, we believe a 60% to 70% payout ratio is appropriate at this point.
Lynn Good: No, Nick, what we have accomplished so far is procedurally what we need to do to provide notice and the filing would follow late March early April, as you know we have a history of engaging with intervening parties in all of our jurisdictions as part of the regulatory process and we will do – endeavor to do that in Florida as well. And we'll keep you posted every step of the way. It's a very constructive jurisdiction in Florida, understanding the need for infrastructure to balance the growth that the state is maintaining or achieving. And also maintaining critical infrastructure investment for reliability storm response, et cetera. So we'll look forward to keeping you updated on the rate case.
Lynn Good: Yes. Durgesh, I think about all of these variables, the capital, the regulatory outcomes, the equity issuance, the fact that we see nuclear PTC is something that we've been able to negotiate in a credit-supportive way. You've got all of those variables that we evaluate in establishing the plan that we have in front of you and believe that at this level that 30% ratio gives us the best match between the growth we're trying to achieve as well as the strength of the balance sheet. And so that will be – that's always our goal is to achieve both for investors and we believe we've accomplished that.
Lynn Good: No, Durgesh, we endeavor to hit it every year, every year and that's how we plan our investments, that's how we plan our strategies around regulatory and otherwise and so that's how I would share it with you year-over-year.
Lynn Good: So Ross, we evaluate as you know periodically, where we are with capital investment, rate case cycle. And in Indiana, we have a lot of investment in riders, but some of those riders are 80% of the investment. So we need a general base rate case to pick up the other 20%. We also have in front of us in Indiana, CPCNs for generation that are in our regulatory mines or regulatory calendar. So we'll continue to evaluate that, what is the right timing, when do we go in? How does it relate to other things that we're trying to accomplish in Indiana, and by flagging it for you in this call, we're indicating that it's under review, and we'll keep you posted as we get closer to a final decision.
Lynn Good: Well, let me close by just thanking everyone for participation today. I know, when we do these annual updates. We give you 40 to 50 slides to digest. So, we're also available for questions and comments, the IR team, Brian, I'm available, and really appreciate your interest and investment in Duke. Thanks so much.
Brian Savoy: Yeah. Good morning, Julien. So, when we look at 2024, the setup on load growth is really underpinned by three main points. So you start with economic development visibility we have in 2024 projects that are in late-stage construction that are coming online. And we've got that on one of our slides. And that represents a little under a 1% growth as we look into 2024. On the residential side of things, we've seen this normalization coming out of COVID of return to the office, right? During COVID, we had a lot of residential usage at homes. As return to the office, you saw this kind of lower usage at homes, more in commercial businesses. And the back part of 2023, we saw that level out. So we will start growing residential more in line with customer migration trends, which has been really strong 1.7%, 1.8% in recent years. And so residential growth, we expect to be on an upward trajectory. And then lastly, the existing C&I customers where we saw a reduction in load in 2023 and when we talked about it throughout the year. Those customers are very optimistic in 2024. They've kind of seen a rebound happening maybe mid-ish year. So those three factors give us confidence that 2% load growth in 2024 is definitely in our sights.
Brian Savoy: Steve, our best intel is the first half of the year. So we're thinking kind of sometime in Q2 we would get the final guidance from treasury and I think that's the general consensus.
Brian Savoy: David I would think about the Carolinas has seen the largest portion of the economic development prospects we see. But we do see healthy growth across our jurisdictions. I mean Indiana with this restoring of manufacturing has really seen economic development growing. Florida continues to grow in a really strong way in 2% customer migration trends as well as the commercial businesses that support it. So, I would say Carolinas is slightly ahead of the others but all of really good growth.
Brian Savoy: Yeah. I would point to the tax optimization, Ross. In 2023, we had an opportunity for an item in tax optimization that was, I would say, outsized from our normal tax optimization work that part of our agility efforts, which you would expect us to do because we had record mild weather, we were looking at every opportunity to offset that. As we look forward in 2024, we're seeing a more consistent level of tax optimization that we had in previous years. So that's the other major driver in the other section. But we still have a robust set of tax optimization and our tax team is doing a fabulous work on that front. But that's what I'd point to. And we signaled our agility of $300 million that we were pursuing in 2023. About half of it will be sustainable. And I would point to that tax optimization as about that half that's not sustainable.
