Lynn Good: It's all start and Steve you can add. We have definitive plans for the $0.35 to $0.45 as well as upside potential. And I think at some point, depending on how this economic downturn plays out, we would continue to be more aggressively, not only the cost categories we've identified but really within a broader context of transformation. And this is where we'd be more aggressive around corporate center, around outsourcing, real estate footprint, digital tools, early plant retirement, just a variety of things and that work is already underway. So this is something that I'm particularly proud of is we've demonstrated the ability to understand our thoughts and cost drivers significantly over the last five years. We've also put infrastructure in place to drive transformation and the plans are underway for a range of economic outcomes.
Lynn Good: Stephen, this is an important consideration. And as I said in the remarks, assuming that we can get this resolved to hit the preselling season we’ll be in position to move forward, maintaining cost and schedule. Given the fact that that really happened yesterday, we’re catching at for the very early time in our evaluation. We would expect the Army Corps and DoJ to appeal, and we'll be monitoring that closely as I know others will be in the industry and other infrastructure companies and we’ll of course learn more from the Army Corps and DoJ to go forward. So it's something to keep on the radar screen and we'll continue to monitor and update as we learn more.
Lynn Good: Stephen, I think O&M agility and the ability to lower cost structure is a tailwind to growth, because it puts us in a great position to deploy capital without raising price to customers. And so, I do think about it as something that's important to the long-term growth of the company.
Lynn Good: I think that's right Stephen. But I think it's important that you're hearing from us that lowering our cost structure is not only a core competency of ours but a strong objective. And we think particularly in the time we've got economic uncertainty to move early and aggressively is a smart thing to do, and that's how we are positioning ourselves in 2020 and also for 2021 and beyond.
Lynn Good: So Steve we made a filing maybe a week ago, two days ago suggesting or recommending the consolidation of the two cases in the Carolinas supported by public staff, setting hearing in July of this year. And so we think the commission will give that look close consideration that will put us close to the timing we’d originally planned. So we feel like we've got some flexibility within our financial plan for 2020 on that timing. I also think it's fair to say that there are tools with these cases, whether it's deferrals, accounting orders get back of deferred income taxes, interim rates, a variety of tools that could be used to support the health of the utility. And we'll be evaluating all of those considerations as we go and those tools, many of those tools are available to the commission as you know.
Lynn Good: Steve, we've entered into a settlement on a handful of items in the DEC case we'll do have similar discussions on DET. And between now and July, we'll continue to keep lines of communication open with the parties to see if there are other opportunities. I think this is an important time as you recognize customers, of course working through the economic downturn but the health of the utilities are also extraordinarily important. And I'm not sure that there's another time when the essential nature of our services and underscored more than this. And so, we'll continue to have discussions, it's hard to forecast whether or not we'll get to any further settlement at this point but we'll keep you posted.
Lynn Good: There have been two stakeholder work streams seen in 2021 focused on climate policy. So this is a group of stakeholders focused on retirement of coal, CO2 markets, clean energy standard. And they have continued to meet even remotely talking about these various items. We would expect a draft report from those discussions in the second quarter, public draft for third quarter and then a recommendation going to the governor by the end of the year. You may recall that the objective is to get to at least 70% carbon reduction by 2030, and it's actually greenhouse gas is not carbon. And so there are some alignment around base years and other things going on to figure out exactly how to do accounting. We're comfortable with this objective, as you know from our climate strategy where at least 50% by 2030. So, that stream of work is very engaged. They've also been to meetings on a stakeholder process focused on modernized regulations, performance based rate making and other tools. The discussion is early I would say just I think there was one meeting in person, one remote meeting. The objectives there are trying to find ways that carbon reduction can be incented, distributed energy resources. And so that is moving at perhaps a slightly slower pace but good discussion and dialog there as well. So I think on both of these, we'll have more feedback as the year progresses and determine whether or not there's any specific push coming out of either of these processes for legislation in 2021.
Lynn Good: We built a plan and are executing a plan that matches the COVID-19 expectation, as well as the first quarter weaker weather, which really gives us an opportunity to land solidly within the range. And as we've talked about, we have a track record of being able to manage O&M in this fashion and we have a high degree of confidence that we can do that. But we also recognize we're only a couple of months into this. The third quarter is still ahead of us. There are wide range of assumptions on how the economy is going to play out or states are just beginning to reopen. We have the milestones around Atlantic Coast pipeline that we've talked about with the decision and also the biological opinion. So we'll continue to update on all of these things as the year progresses. But the actions that we've put into place right now are designed to place us solidly within the range.
Lynn Good: So Jonathan, we're assuming that we will get appropriate treatment of incremental costs. And I'm focusing on things like bad debt expense. The timing of when that occurs in terms of cash collections will depend on the jurisdictions. But for incremental costs, we are assuming that we'll get appropriate regulatory treatment.
Lynn Good: We're closely following, Jonathan. I think the spirit of it is to address cyber risk, which is something we strongly support. There was a similar executive order issued formerly few years ago for the telecom industry and so we will factor in as we learn more. These plans into our investment plan. But as you know, making investments in T&D, intended to address cyber and physical risk as well as renewables and customer programs, all of that is squarely within our strategic investment plan. So we will adjust it as we learn more and applaud focus on cyber risk and around the bulk power system.
Lynn Good: So I'll take a stab and Steve you can build on it. We had developed a plan to match what we see as COVID risk as well as mild weather. So you've got economic downturn as well as weak start to the year, and we've identified from a range of things operations, corporate center, employee expenses, hiring freeze, contractor contingent workers, over time variable compensation, a variety of tools that we will use to go after that. As I commented a moment ago, the fact that we're only a couple of months into this and learning about the reopening and learning about what might unfold over the balance of the year, we are also looking at each of those cost categories for potential upsizing of them, as well as moving into what I would call more transformative changes where we might look at real estate and early retirement of certain assets and so on. So there's a lot of planning going on because the future is uncertain. As I look at that range of costs, some of them will be sustainable. I’m not prepared to give you a percentage or a specific number on that. But I do believe that some of them will be sustainable. The example I gave a moment ago, you know, hiring freeze is going to put us into 2021 with a smaller workforce. And we will monitor as we go how to convert to a sustainable lower cost structure if we find ourselves in a longer downturn. I think as you talk about things like coal ash, you’re talking about regulatory risk, and the rate case outcomes and how that will factor in. We have a range of assumptions in our financial plan as we think about rate cases, and that is always part of our thinking in developing the size of mitigating actions. And so I won't point to a specific item on that, but I will say anytime you put a financial plan together, you're evaluating range of outcomes. We feel strongly that recovery of coal ash costs and recovery of returns is important. We believe it's important for any health of a balance sheet and we think about cost of this nature, and we will be prepared to strongly defend that when we're on the band later this summer.
Lynn Good: So Michael, we updated in February about 1.5 billion into Florida, Florida five year plan and that is consistent with what we filed in the grid hardening plan. We will see incremental capital beyond the five years, because this is the 10-year plan and we’ll provide those updates as the years progress.
Lynn Good: Michael, at this point, I don't have a range to share with you. I think that's been a topic of interest. And as we go into the second quarter and begin our more earnest planning for 2021, I think we'll be in a better position to talk about that. But our objective will be to make it much sustainable as we can in this environment but I don't have a specific on deferral versus the sustainable.
Lynn Good: So Michael, we're looking at the appropriate way to handle the Carolinas in light of the fact that the case have yet to get to hearing. I don't have anything specific to share on that plan right now, but we are reporting the costs to the North Carolina commission and to the state and to South Carolina and we'll make the appropriate filings and incorporate in the rate case if that makes sense or handle in whatever way make sense, just too early on that one.
Lynn Good: Well, thank you, Derek, and thanks to all who joined today for your interest and investment in Duke energy. And I just want to take this opportunity to thank the employees at Duke Energy, I'm extraordinarily proud of the work that underway, the new safety protocols to do the business as usual but also to serve our customers well. And the commitment of the leadership team and our employees to excellence for the customers and then maintaining financial health for our company is truly extraordinary. So, thanks to the Duke Energy employee and thanks to all of you for joining today.
Steve Young: I think Lynn hit it very well. I'm very confident that we're learning a lot through this pandemic about how to work remotely and how to use technology tools that we didn't really realize what we had. That will serve us well as we go forward. We’ll couple that with digital capabilities that our business transformation center is utilizing and data analytics. I think we will be able to -- we have found a new avenue a new path of another body of efficiencies through what we're learning through this COVID-19 pandemic.
Steve Young: Well, our targeted range for credit ratings is to have FFO in the 15% to 16% range. We’ve taken steps to make that happen in our plan and in the past we have good dialog with the rating agencies. Moody's reaffirmed our rating, S&P pulled the entire sector onto a negative outlook. And everybody's looking at the impacts of this pandemic. So we'll continue that dialog. We're seeing some erosion in top line revenues and that affects FFO, but you can see the mitigation impacts that we have put in place that moves in the opposite direction. So we'll continue the dialog. We'll continue to work to meet our financial plans, both earnings and on the credit side. And a couple of things that are unique to us. We've got these AMT credits that accelerated monetization helps us quite a bit here. We're also taking advantage of deferring of a corporate portion of payroll taxes that's about $100 million cash flow benefit. Our pension plans are in good shape in terms of funding and so forth. And we're not a cash tax payer until 2027 in any significant way. So we've got some solid strength in our balance sheet that help us. And then the continued regulatory activity of getting recovery of costs is essential there. So we'll continue that dialog with the rating agencies, and we'll keep them abreast of what's moving forward.
Steve Young: And we are learning techniques to utilize our workforce much more efficiently in this situation. We can virtually shift engineers within functions. We have shifted financial people from budgeting to accounting to audit services, IT people to different functions, the virtual capabilities as we learn more about them, are going to help us utilize our workforce more efficiently. And I think that's going to provide longer term savings capabilities.
Steve Young: We're preparing filings in the Midwest in Ohio and Indiana. We are tracking costs in all of our jurisdictions. And at the appropriate time, we'll make various filings and work with our regulators on appropriate deferrals. Nothing's being deferred at this point but applications are getting prepared, tracking is moving forward and we'll continue to look at this and see what makes the most sense.
Steve Young: And I would add that we have a broad supplier base across our footprint. As you said, Jonathan, there's more to learn as specifically being targeted here. But we look at our vendor base and try to diversify as much as possible so we can move in different directions if necessary.
Steve Young: And I might add Julien that as we think about our regulatory cadences, the ability to generate these O&M efficiencies is a very useful tool here. It gives us headroom to make needed capital investments on behalf of our customers, as Lynn alluded to earlier, and minimize any rate impacts to customers. So this capital optimization around our O&M optimization in sync with the regulatory cadence is a very important part of what we're trying to put together. And we've got flexibility in the capital plan. So we can move that capital around to fit under O&M efficiencies to help our shareholders and our customers. So those are the types of dynamics we're trying to put together across our footprint.
Steve Young: And then on the saving, Julien, look most of it to be in the second half of the year. A lot of all generation outage work will be in the fall generation season as our headcount freeze kicks in that kind of builds during the year we had budgeted increases in workforce. We'll certainly see some in each quarter of the rest of the year but specifically do the generation outage work that will be a bit more in the second half of the year.
Steve Young: Our February capital plan was increased 12% and the Florida grid mark was a significant part of the increase.
Steve Young: And I think we want to look at how the assets operate and think about their performance under the revised operations and so forth, and where we're headed and that will impact it as well.
Steve Young: Well, we certainly always look at putting our financial plan together, keeping in mind impacts on customer rates. And so to the extend you can reduce O&M costs that does give you that headroom there. We have a robust data set of capital opportunities, we turn capital away each year when we go through our budgeting process. So doing our scope and scale the breadth of our grid we have plenty of opportunities to do those kind of things.
Steve Young: In 2019, our agility programs worked in the other direction. We have a favorable year and we accelerated some useful expenses into 2019. We have veg managements is one area where we had about $0.04 that we pulled into 2019, as I recall, that was baked into our plans and our forecast and so forth. And the ability to do those kind of things is very useful to us. That's already baked into the numbers that you're seeing at this point. But that helps us achieve and get into our range that dexterity between calendar years.
