Jim Rogers: The CEO selection process is being led by a special committee of the board. The committee is working with an outside advisor to support this process in applying a great deal of rigor and due diligence. Of all the decisions a board can make, the most important decision is the selection of the CEO.  They are looking at both internal candidates as well as external candidates. The process is ongoing. They are being very thoughtful, deliberative, and are working their way through this. And it’s difficult at this time to predict whether a decision will actually be made. But in every event, it will be made before the end of this year. 
Jim Rogers: As a general rule, the Supreme Court defers to the judgment of the state commission. I think what’s important to appreciate about the remand to the state commission is this: They didn’t strike down the 10.5% ROE. What they simply did was ask the commission to explain in detail the basis of their approval of the settlement and specifically the underlying basis for the 10.5%. There’s ample evidence in the record, and what is expected from the commission, and at least what we expect from the commission, is that they will review the evidence that was presented, and they will write an order that underpins the 10.5%.
Jim Rogers: Good question. I would address it this way. When we file for a rate case, we file with a lot of testimony that really supports the ROE request that we’re making. As a consequence of that, when we enter into a settlement, as we have in the Progress Energy case, basically that 10.2% is underpinned with testimony and we will file additional testimony when there’s a hearing on the settlement.  So I think the most important point here is that one doesn’t change the historic practice in the Carolinas of reaching settlements and presenting settlements to the commission. What the court has really done is ask the commission to explain in much greater detail why they approved the settlement, and specifically why they approved the ROE. So I think it’s really a message to the commission to address, based on record evidence, why they made their decision in more detail. 
Jim Rogers: You know, Dan, my judgment is we’ve always reached settlements in Ohio, but this one is difficult if not impossible to reach a settlement. I don’t rule out the possibility of a settlement later in the process, but I think it’s where everybody’s kind of strapped on their position and going full speed before the commission to make the argument.  The argument is a strong argument, and if I put my—I haven’t practiced law in a long time—but if I put my hat on as a lawyer, this case is a very strong case for us, because this capacity charge has been approved for AEP and the consequence of it, the commission can’t discriminate against one company versus another company in the application of their rulings. And so we’re clearly going to win in the Supreme Court. I believe we can win, and there seems to be evidence, or an indication, that we could win at the commission.
Jim Rogers: My judgment is that there’s adequate testimony underpinning the 10.5% ROE in the Duke Energy case that was remanded back. I think what the commission will do, particularly in light of the motion by the attorney general, they’re probably all right going to work to write an order that really underpins the 10.5%. So I think they’ll do it seriatum, and that will be first.  I think the second thing that they will focus on is the settlement of PEC, with a 10.2, and that order will probably come on the heels of that. And then subsequently, with the new Duke Energy case, that will probably be working on resolving that through settlement over the coming weeks and months, and that will be third in line. That will be my view of how that unfolds.
Jim Rogers: I’m confident that’s the way it will work. Because it makes sense, and it’s consistent with the traditional practice and procedure of the commission. 
Jim Rogers: And I think that’s the price, Lynn, that once gas gets to $4.50, then we turn on the Cliffside plant, because it’s our most efficient coal plant.
Jim Rogers: That’s a good question. I think we’re going to wait and see what the decision is from the Ohio commission, and then we’re going to make a decision with respect to those assets. I think it would be premature for me to comment on what we would do, but we believe we’re entitled to this capacity payment and if we don’t get it, I think we’ll have to make a tough decision about those assets going forward. But more to come on that. Our focus is on creating value and reducing the risk of our portfolio, and so we’ll make a decision consistent with that.
Jim Rogers: I think the other dynamic that plays into this is also the movement in gas prices. This time last year, gas was about $1.87 in MMBTU. It average $3.48 in MMBTU last year, and now we’re in the $4.40 range. And some people are predicting we’ll be to $5 to $5.50 before year-end in gas prices. So that will have a significant impact on the value of the coal plants in the Midwest, as well as the gas plants as we look forward.
Jim Rogers: This is Jim Rogers stepping in for Bill. I want to thank you all again for your interest and your investment in Duke Energy. We’re off to a strong start in 2013. I want to reemphasize the fact that we are on plan and we’re moving forward to hit the numbers this year. And we look forward to keeping you informed as the year goes on. Thank you all.
Lynn Good: Dan, we do have an assumption of some success in Ohio in our guidance, and I think as we shared with you in February, you should look at the broad guidance range of $4.20 to $4.45. We’ve assumed a range of outcomes. And so as we move through this process and get some more clarity on Ohio, I think we’ll be able to give you more sense of how commercial will contribute, as well as how the other parts of the business will contribute.
Lynn Good: We have a high degree of confidence in our ability to achieve those numbers and that growth rate, because the contracts have been signed and are in place. So the two that we pointed two was a wrapped contract or an extended contract with NCEMC in the eastern part of our Carolina territory, and then a contract that we announced really back in 2010 involving co-ops in the northern part of South Carolina, a contract that will ramp up over a period of time, over the next several years. So the contracts are in place, and we believe that we have a high degree of confidence in achieving those numbers.
Lynn Good: Generally tracking online, and we have, in the appendix, our expectation for additional financing over the course of the year. We do have a number of issuances that we’ll plan in the back half of the year.
Lynn Good: That’s a good question. As we looked at planning for Brazil and for international, what was delivered this first quarter was actually consistent with our plan. So we were expecting this level of contribution. We do see some expectation of higher than average dispatch on thermal generation for the balance of 2013, but we would not expect it to have the impact that it had in the first quarter. But what I would also say is this is a situation that we’re continuing to monitor, and we’ll give you an update as the year progresses. 
Lynn Good: Cost to achieve will be with us for a few years, primarily related to integration of systems, and also costs, if we continue to move through the exiting of employees who are leaving under the voluntary severance plan. So a couple of examples would be HR and finance systems will not be in effect until early ’14. Nuclear asset suite, where we’re combining systems in the nuclear operation and work management systems, those projects will continue into ’14, ’15, and ’16. So they will tail off over time, but we will continue to have cost to achieve for a couple of years. 
Lynn Good: I haven’t looked at it from a run rate perspective. So let us take that one, Jonathan, and the IR team will be prepared to respond and give you some more input on that. 
Lynn Good: I’ll start and see if we can resolve… Dhiaa’s also here for further discussion on the specifics of the decommissioning plan. But we have $600 million in the decommissioning trust fund, which is a fully funded level, assuming that the plant retires in the 2030 timeframe. Under the safe store method that we’ve adopted, we have 40 to 50 years to move through decommissioning of this plant.  And so we believe our funding level is adequate. We’ll be monitoring it as we go, and you ought to think about it as almost equivalent to the way we manage liabilities in a pension fund, where we have investments, with equity and fixed income that we match to an expectation of liabilities. And we run scenarios and assumptions on cost as well as scenarios and assumptions on investment of assets to ensure that we’re adequately funded. 
Lynn Good: We’re on plan, internal numbers, so we did hit plan. And what we were trying to demonstrate with slide 14 is sort of the quarterly variability that you can expect as you look at comparables between ’12 and ’13. So we have a high degree of confidence that we’re going to finish the year consistent with our expectations. So that’s where we are.
Lynn Good: It’s load. You can think of it as additional load, where we are bringing on additional megawatts of load in those years.
Lynn Good: The other major driver in that segment is capacity prices. So $16 through May of this year. It will go up to $28 in the back half. And then you have energy for the coal and gas fleet, and we’ve seen trends comparable to others in the Midwest. We’re seeing a little bit more coal generation, a little les gas generation, as prices have risen. So those are the other drivers to think about.
Lynn Good: If you look back at rolling 12 months to the end of 12, we were at 0.6%. If we were to do leap year adjustment on this rolling 12 months, it would be 0.3% overall growth, and we’re projecting 0.5%. So we feel like we’re reasonably consistent or in the range with our expectations. We think they’re cautious, and as we have done every quarter, we’ll just continue to update you on developments that we see. We’re seeing strength in customer growth, we’re seeing some strength in automotive in our industrial segment, and then some weaknesses in primary metals that I referenced a moment ago.
Lynn Good: We continue to look for opportunities to grow the business that are consistent with our return expectations. The countries we like, generation is kind of the part of the system we’re interested in. And I would say our aspirations this year are no different than they are any year. If we find an asset that fits with us and meets return expectations, we would pursue it. And we have been systematically, over the last five years, adding, in a moderate way, assets that are complementary to our portfolio.
Lynn Good: What I would say is in our Midwestern fleet we’ve seen an increase in coal generation and a decrease in gas generation really consistent with the fact that those coal assets are positioned very favorably for transport. In the Carolinas, we haven’t seen what I would call switching, but we have seen higher capacity factors of our coal plants, in our Duke Carolinas territory. Transportation, as you know, in the Carolinas, is a bit more expensive, and the price at which gas is advantaged to coal is a bit higher.
Lynn Good: You know, Ali, we’re smiling at the question, because I think our questions have primarily been, “How could you possibly get to the high end of the range?” And you’re arguing why aren’t we higher, which we’re delighted to hear. You know, the 4% to 6% we think is a reasonable expectation. You’ve talked about commercial certainly contributing to that. And then we look at franchise electric and gas with the key drivers being rate base, our merger synergies, the continued focus on driving cost out of the business.  So we have a high degree of confidence of hitting the 4% to 6% range, and as we see these fundamental pieces coming into place in ’13 with rate cases and other things, I think we’ll be able to give you a better sense of what ’14 and ’15 could look like as the year progresses. 
Lynn Good: You know, Ali, I think we’ll have to wait and see the conditions of the order from the commission. So at this point, we are under order to move the assets out of the utility to an affiliate by the end of 2014, and I think we’ll just await any clarity the commission would provide on that as part of the cost base capacity order.
