Steven K. Young: Well, Dan, as we said, I'm always careful when I just look at one quarter's results. I think we have to always have that in the back of our mind. We are seeing some pretty good trends here, though on a few factors that I will mention. The growth of customers into the Carolinas and Florida has been ramping up from 1% now to 1.5% and that's got to be a good metric there for the future as we move forward. We're also seeing some favorable statistics when we look at new housing starts in our service territories, meaning new homes are starting to get actually built. We're also starting to see a lower number of rejections of mortgage applications which say that people are having the funds to buy a home or a place to live, some of those statistics are certainly compelling. We're always cautiously optimistic on one quarter, but there are some good results here.
Steven K. Young: It's important, Dan. As you know on our sensitivity, a 1% increase in our organic load growth would translate to about 2% earnings growth, and it is essential to us to see growth in our service areas.
Steven K. Young: Well, as I mentioned, I think some of these trends behind the good quarter we had in the second quarter do make us feel well. As Lynn mentioned, the usage decline stopping per customer and some of the raw data on employment, median household income starting to pick-up and get a bit of traction in our service territories, do give us some comfort there.
Steven K. Young: Yeah, Shar, on the injunctions, in talking with our teams in Brazil, I don't know that there is a set timeframe or schedule that you can look to to determine resolution of this. I think these initial injunctions and discussions around the market by various stakeholder groups are a positive step. But we expect that it will take quite a bit of time to resolve this issue and get new processes and settlements in place. So that's just the nature of the way these negotiations often go in Brazil. So I wouldn't look for a timeframe there. Regarding Brazilian retail rates, they did jump up quite a bit over the past year. And certainly that is something that is on the minds of Brazilian politicians, as to, how do we deal with the cost of this out of dispatch situation due to the hydrology issues? And right now, the hydro generators are bearing a lot of that burden, and the customers have borne some burden as well. That's part of the debate that will be worked upon over the next year or so in Brazil.
Steven K. Young: I don't know that I've heard anybody profess to understand the wind patterns that well, Shar, that they could predict them. So I don't know that it's anything more than an anomaly now. We're heading into the second half of the year, where the wind traditionally picks up. So we'll get a better idea after that.
Steven K. Young: I think you've hit on some of the elements there. Assuming normal weather over the last half of the year, and we have had warm weather in July, you get a pick up there. Certainly, the wholesale contract associated with the NCEMPA acquisition provides about $0.04 there. We've also seen growth in our retail load year-over-year, even at modest percents that can add several cents to it. If it stayed like the second quarter's results, it would be more than that. Our wholesale business has also picked up through new contracts with co-ops and munis in the Carolinas and in Florida in particular. So, those are some of the things that we look to to continue provide growth over the second half of the year.
Steven K. Young: Yes. The biggest difference that we're seeing is the impact of informal rationing, if you will, and the weak economy, those two impacts on the demand for power in Brazil. When we set up our assumptions in February, we stated we had no assumption of informal rationing and we had over 2% demand growth. And now what we're seeing is that the demand is actually slightly negative. Because thermals are dispatched first, all of that delta, all of that swing comes out of hydros. And of course, we're a hydro owner here. So that is the big difference that we did not have in the $0.12 downtick for International back in February. And we stated we didn't have any view on rationing in the numbers if rationing came about or lower demand, the results would be lower. So that is by far the bulk of the difference in International.
Steven K. Young: Well, we have a solid balance sheet and we have a number of growth opportunities, where our capital spend is typically in the neighborhood of $7 billion a year. So, there is...
Steven K. Young: We will get about $1.3 billion from the securitization process. We're targeting the first quarter of 2016 to get those funds. About half of those funds will be used to displace Florida – Duke Energy Florida OpCo debt, the other half of the funds will come up to the parent.
Steven K. Young: We don't have any sensitivities on that, Chris. There is a lot of variables here. Where is our contracted load? What is the PLD price? So there is just variables there that are too multiple for us to try to put a metric on.
Steven K. Young: Yes, Michael. There is no definitive plan for collection of the coal ash in rates. We spent about $100 million to-date on this, and that will ramp up over the next several years. And the way this will work, we'll start spending and acting on our plans in conjunction with CAMA over the next several years. And then, at some point, an appropriate point, we can go in for a rate case, and we can incorporate coal ash spend into that rate case. So we have flexibility there, there is no set timeframe for this. And you might look in time, and think about the next rate case, being associated with the completion of a large power plant, a combined cycle or completion of a lot of nuclear work in the Duke Energy Progress area. That might put you in the later part of the teens, for going in for a rate increase. At that point in time, we would probably request an increment in base rates for coal ash recovery. And the Commission would then begin to monitor coal ash cost recovered through rates versus coal ash spent and adjust it from there; this is not like a normal capital project, where you spend over in a short intense period and then are completed, the spend will go on for a long time. So I think it will have that type of nature of recovery to it.
Steven K. Young: Some of the cost savings opportunities that we are now pursuing are the rollout of work management systems. We've already done a lot the corporate work. We've rolled out work management systems in the fossil area. We've done a lot of nuclear work. But now we're rolling out into T&D and that's more dispersed in asset location and employee workforce. So, that's an area that is ripe for some benefits. So, we'll continue to roll these projects out and have some opportunities here to offset some of the cost increases that we face, such as cyber security, normal inflation, Fukushima and that kind of thing, but I do believe there are efficiency opportunities still out there.
Steven K. Young: You're correct there. We are giving up the equity return that was baked into the Crystal River 3 recovery mechanism from the settlement in 2013, albeit it was a haircut return. Whether it's dilutive or not depends upon the redeployment of the proceeds here. And again we will be looking for growth opportunities to help replace that equity return loss.
Steven K. Young: Well, it will move into our general funds and help fund growth. Ideally we'd like to find an investment to put it right into, but certainly it will be utilized to reduce HoldCo debt that then helps fund other acquisitions, other purchases, other investments more efficiently.
Lynn J. Good: And Dan, one thing I would add that Steve talked about in the script, we've been tracking lower usage per customer kind of quarter-after-quarter and actually, saw a leveling-off of that reduction this quarter as well, which is another thing that I would point to as a bit of a new trend for us.
Lynn J. Good: Dan, I think there are a combination of things going on. The hydrological conditions, I believe were seasonal, right. So, if we have a strong rainy season that starts in the fall, continuing into 2016, we may see a situation where dispatch order changes. I think the regulatory body in Brazil has learned a lot about the changing generation mix and how that fleet has reacted in this environment. So, over maybe a short-term to medium-term, we could see some mitigation of some of the pressures there, or changes in regulation that could be helpful to the hydro operators. I think the long-term issues are more around the Brazilian economy. And does the Brazilian economy get traction again, and start growing at a pace that would be more consistent with what we have seen over the last decade? So, I think you've got a combination of shorter-term and medium-term to longer term issues. And so, our focus is to be as transparent as we can on what we see, and we'll continue to update you as the year progresses.
Lynn J. Good: You know, Shar, what I would say is, given the depth of the challenge we've experienced during the first six months, and the fact that we've seen hydrological conditions, really coupled with some of the complexities around other economic factors, including Petrobras and other things going on in Brazil. That the duration of this challenge is uncertain to us as we look past 2015. So when we look at the back half, we believe the back half of 2015 will be reasonably comparable to 2014. We'll be anxious to see how the rainy season begins, but we need more information and time to look at our forecast for 2016 and 2017. And so, we wanted to just provide some transparency on that, and that's the – really consistent with the remarks we shared with you today.
Lynn J. Good: Yeah, Greg, let me – so, if we step back from this, as we started the year, we expected the back half to be stronger than the first half from the get-go. And then, if you look at the first half of the year, the weakness in Brazil has basically been offset by strength in the regulated business. We had weather that was strong and comparable to last year, even a bit ahead. We had an early closing in the Midwest Generation sale, which gives us incremental. When you go to the back half, we expect the back half to be stronger, wholesale growth, retail growth. Our O&M outage was more in the first half than the second half. And then, we have the sweetener of the NCEMPA transaction closing. And so, the weakness that we offset in the first half with weather and strong results, we don't expect to see in the back half because we think Brazil will be comparable to 2014.
Lynn J. Good: So, Julien, we are on plan through the first half. And for the reasons we just discussed, we're confident we'll remain within the range of $4.55 to $4.75. In terms of guidance, our current thinking is that we will approach that in the same way we always do. So, you'll have February of 2016 for 2016 and for the longer-term outlook. We will continue to update you in third quarter on any further developments we see in any part of the business as we also normally do. So that's the schedule we're thinking about at this point.
Lynn J. Good: And on rebasing, Julien, we're anchored in 2013 at this point. We will rebase at some point. We haven't made a final decision on that and we'll update guidance in February of 2016. The Clean Power Plan appreciates those questions and we are continuing to digest, we do not have a definitive plan in any of our jurisdictions. Of course it will impact our IRP planning, and impact our thinking on state-by-state. As I'm sure you're aware, the plan did change emission reduction targets. So we have more stringent targets in the Midwest. We have moderately less stringent targets in the Southeast, North Carolina, South Carolina and Florida. There's a notion being introduced of a market trading platform, which is new, which we'll need to evaluate, and then the compliance period with these incentive credits and so on, in 2020, 2021, I think, will also be something that we digest. So, we're beginning to understand the elements, I think there is flexibility here. It will be important to involve a stakeholder and state process. These are the states' implementation plans ultimately. But we believe that much as we've delivered consistent carbon reductions over the last 10 years, we'll be looking for a way to continue progress in that direction, at the lowest cost to our customers.
Lynn J. Good: Steve, one thing I might just point out, Chile, the Chilean tax adjustment that was reflected in second quarter of 2014 is $0.07 of that $0.26 that was planned. We were aware of it. And the additional weakness is in Brazil and NMC [National Methanol Company], the oil prices have deteriorated slightly, but we saw a lot of that at the beginning of the year. And then all the conditions, we've talked about here on further weakening in Brazil is where the larger challenge has originated.
Lynn J. Good: Steve, that's a question we've spent a fair amount of time on as you imagine. We thought our process and I still believe our process last year was a good one, very thorough. We were looking at growth, we were looking at cash and we solved the cash, which we believe is important to supporting the dividend. We've already brought home, $1.2 billion of that $2.7 billion. There is no question we're operating in a challenging environment, and all of the factors we talked about today are something that the team in International is focused on. I am pleased with the way they've responded to these challenging conditions. And at this point, I don't have anything further to share on how we think about this business strategically, but we've certainly learned a lot about volatility in this business as a result of these recent events, and that'll factor into our planning in the future.
Lynn J. Good: We haven't quantified that specifically. The one thing I would say, Steve, is if you look at the leverage in the business, the utilities are situated relative to their cap structure that they earn on, capacity sits at the holding company and we're probably at 27%, 28% of HoldCo debt. There's probably capacity at HoldCo, up to 30% or maybe a little bit above, depending on how the credit rating agencies look at that. So, can't quantify it any more specifically than that, but we're committed to our ratings. We think we have an incredibly strong balance sheet with flexibility, to address what we think the business requires. And we'll continue to manage that accordingly.
Lynn J. Good: ...as we get to a point of clarity on the way the courts and the way the regulation will change, we'll be in a position to give you a better sense of timing, what our contracted position is, where we're forecasting PLD. But it's premature to do that at this point, because there are too many moving parts.
Lynn J. Good: In connection with our planning process, Chris, we'll look at every element of the business to ensure we're delivering as much value as we can. I think we've demonstrated an ability to identify investment projects that are beneficial to customers and also delivering returns to shareholders. We do have flexibility in the balance sheet for additional investment. So, we'll be evaluating all of those alternatives in connection with our business planning process.
Lynn J. Good: Yeah, Michael. I'll take that one. I think North Carolina has demonstrated over a long period of time recovery of mandated cost and certainly coal ash, whether it's at a state level or Federal level, those are required costs of decommissioning the plants. I don't see in the next year or two, any change in the recovery mechanism that Steve just described and given the magnitude of the spend that we're talking about, I think that's reasonable. So, we'll be addressing it in connection with the general rate case and evaluating what else might make sense over time. I think about Clean Power Plan, I think about – we have trackers for renewables. There are a variety of events that could trigger consideration of other forms of recovery. But I don't see coal ash as being one that would – we would approach as a single item at this point.
Lynn J. Good: Yeah. And you know, Jonathan, I'm not trying to reset guidance range at this point. But I am trying to flag for you that we see uncertainty in the International business that is difficult sitting here in early August of 2015 to predict duration and extent. And so, a rebound, if we see a rebound in 2017, that's certainly positive. But it's more challenging today than I would have said to you it was in January of this year and that's what we're trying to signal or trying to say. And we'll continue to update you as we see rainy season starting to develop and we see any potential changes in the regulatory scheme, the injunctions and other things, but it's more challenging based on what we see right now.
Lynn J. Good: And Ali, what I would say to that, we haven't earmarked a specific investment for those funds, but there have been a lot of questions today about holding company capacity for additional investment, this would be part of that. And so our objective will be to deploy that in a way that maximizes the value.
Lynn J. Good: So there is a rate proceeding in front of the Indiana Commission, Ali, on the regulatory every six month rider mechanisms as well as the fuel clauses. And we would expect an order from the Commission before the end of the year, perhaps even as early as the third quarter. So, that does remain out there. In the slide deck we've given you kind of a chart of what the open proceedings are, I think it's on slide 21 just to give you a sense of where these are.
Lynn J. Good: Ali, it's a good question, we debate the period internally. We had a longer term one, we moved it to three years, five years is a possibility. But I think the point you're making is a good one, which is infrastructure investment occurs over a longer period of time. So, we haven't made a final decision on that, but we are – we will evaluate it.
Lynn J. Good: Thanks, everyone for being on the call, for your interest and investment in Duke Energy. We are scheduled for a third quarter call on November 5, and look forward to seeing many of you in the coming months. Thanks again.
