Lynn Good: And Shar, I will take that. I think this has been a journey on this project, as you know. And we really looked at the progress made in this quarter that provided us some clarity on a couple of important milestones. So certainly SCOTUS taking the case was important for us to have greater confidence and getting over the trail. And then the fact that we've continued discussions on the biological opinion, discussions with our customers and contractors, all of that taken together, we concluded that targeting a single in-service date at the end of 2021 with completion, mechanical completion in 2021, full-completion in 2022 was the right approach, balancing customer benefits, construction efficiencies and all of those things and so as we reach those milestones, we thought looking at financing was also appropriate. And as we looked at financing, we did consider a range of outcomes on this project. We’re committed to completing the project. But I think the fact that we have had challenges along the way makes us clear eyed about evaluating the range of outcomes. We also believe this approach supports the $37 billion capital we're funding in the rest of our regulated business. And with getting the equity out there, we do have flexibility with our DRIP and ATM in the future, if circumstances indicate that we could moderate that and we have additional investments that we could put forward. So we thought it was appropriate in light of the events that occurred this quarter, Shar to de-risk our plan, get the balance sheet in good shape, move forward, as we have said on Atlantic Coast pipeline, and really feel like the plan itself is a solid one that represents good growth for investors.
Lynn Good: Shar, what I would say is we have already invested almost $2 billion in ACP. And we are continuing to advance the project in light of the developments that have occurred. And so this equity is really to strengthen the balance sheet through that construction period, also supporting the capital growth. And we do have ability to the DRIP, DRIP and ATM to moderate if we think that makes sense in the future. But we were -- we thought it was appropriate to look at financing and de-risk the balance Sheet at this stage in light of the progress that we've made.
Lynn Good: Appreciate that, Shar. And I think the fact that the Clean Energy Plan gives recognition to regulatory modernization is a good thing. But the clean energy plan also includes carbon reductions of up to 70%, of greenhouse gas emission reductions up to 70% also talks about retirement of uneconomic coal plant, grid support for clean energy. So it does bring in a number of other topics. And I think the spirit of the stakeholder process will be to address not only the modernized regulatory construct, but some of these other items. And as we look at the plan, in light of our climate strategy, we see a great deal of alignment on how we would like to go forward and believe will be an important part of delivering the solutions that the Governor lays out in the clean energy plan.
Lynn Good: Let me take that in two parts, Michael. So the discussions are underway with Fish and Wildlife. We are taking a look at all of the feedback from the Fourth Circuit evaluating next step. There's been extensive work done as you know, additional surveys of the Bumblebee and the Clubshell Mussel and the intent of all of the parties is to address those concerns in a way that reduces any additional risks associated with remand from that permit. So we believe it could be issued ss early as wintertime, we keep our eye on that tree-clearing window as you know, to try to get trees cleared if we can before the 1st of March. But given our timeline with the Appalachian Trail, we can also accommodate slipping a little further in 2020. I think in terms of the phased-in approach, we have continued discussion throughout this project with customers and also monitoring all of the developments that have occurred, including these permit challenges, et cetera and the greatest value for our customers is the complete project because they're trying to get to that supply basin, and also infrastructure diversity and to the Eastern part of the state. And so that single project is where our customers see the greatest value. And I also believe with our timing that the construction efficiencies of building it in a single phase also make a great deal of sense. So we've got some alignment, and with that movement to revenue in 2022, that was a driver as well as we thought about our financing plan.
Lynn Good: Michael, we will reevaluate in connection with guidance in February. But I think that's a reasonable planning assumption for now. We see that as an opportunity and a way for us to moderate our payout ratio to be more in line with our industry peers. And the combination of all these things puts us in a very strong position to execute our growth plans.
Lynn Good: Greg, I think it's important to recognize that we had been in conversations with customers all along the way on the status of the project and also the cost. And we do expect to reach an agreement in principle by the end of this year that provides the right balance between customer price and returns. So we have said a number of times that the actual executed return on this project will be a regulated like return and we believe that continues to be a fair planning assumption. I think the AFUDC rate is higher about 14%. But we believe the in-service rate will be a very good regulated return.
Lynn Good: I think it's -- it'll be a balanced outcome. And Greg, the business case for this pipe has remained unchanged. If I look at it from the perspective of Duke Energy, the need for additional firm transport into the Carolinas is unchanged and increasing as time continues. And so this pipe in its entirety represents an extraordinary opportunity for us to position the Southeast for decades to come and our customers recognize that and the same as the case in Virginia and that Eastern part of Virginia. So I think what often gets overlooked is that there's a fundamental need for this pipe because of the demand in the region.
Lynn Good: Yes, Chris, it's a good question. And from our history, we have monetized assets over time, including as recently as a joint venture partner into our commercial renewables business. So we have evaluated that. We believe that our portfolio, we like our portfolio, it's delivering value, it's growing, we have great investment opportunities. So our intent is to pursue this equity need through a security through the markets as opposed to an asset disposition. And so we'll evaluate the timing opportunistically as Steve mentioned, and believe that’s going to position the company well for growth in the future.
Lynn Good: Sure. And I guess I’ll take that in two ways. Chris, on regulatory lag, we have that assignment regardless of what happens to the clean energy plan and we’ll accomplish through deferrals, through capital optimization, through timing our rate case as well and you can expect us to continue to focus on that very keenly. But as it pertains to the clean energy plan, early discussions are already underway. The Department of Environmental Quality in the state is overseeing this process, we would expect stakeholder workshop to kick-off even as early as the end of this year, but continuing into 2020. And there were probably a half dozen stakeholder processes during the course of 2019 in preparation for the issuance of the plan. So it's already building some momentum. And as you noted, and as I said, we see a lot of alignment between our climate strategy and what the Governor is trying to accomplish. And I've looked at where we are in North Carolina with over 30% reduction in carbon emissions already close to 35%. Our IRP plan puts us between 50% and 55% already by 2030. North Carolina is second in the nation in installed solar capacity, over 50% of the energy comes from carbon free sources. We're looking to second license renewal on nuclear. So there are a number of strategic things that I think line up well with us and so we’ll be very interested in continuing that discussion in 2020 with the clean energy plan stakeholder process.
Lynn Good: I think it’s too far out to tell. Chris, I do think just getting back to part of it. So we have in front of the commission right now accelerated retirements of coal in connection with our rate case. So we'll have an opportunity to advance that discussion. It's consistent with the clean energy plan over the course of our rate case, and you can expect to see testimony along those lines. So there will be advances consistent with that plan during 2020. I will of course keep you informed about the stakeholder process as it unfolds.
Lynn Good: Steve, I think we should take that kind of break that down a little bit. So let's talk about the construction period of ACP. We have moved away from the phased-in approach with a plan now for the project to go into mechanical completion in 2021, full-in service in 2022. So with this change, we will be accruing allowance for funds for a longer period of time on the full project than what we had previously considered, where we were putting part of the 60% or so of the project in service at the end of 2020 and then the rest in service at the end of 2021. So that gives us additional earnings during the construction period, that will offset dilution from the equity. And then as we go post in-service, we are working actively with customers, as I said a moment ago to reach agreement, we believe in principle by the end of the year to find a balance between construction costs and returns on the project that would be consistent with revenues that would come into service in 2022. And then I think Steve, kind of outlined on Slide 14 of the deck, a very comprehensive set of drivers that are driving growth in the regulated businesses and I believe we have consistently delivered within our growth range on the regulated businesses and we see even more potential with the Florida legislation, with the Ohio legislation, with the clean energy plan being outlined in the Carolinas. And so as we come to the Street in February, we’ll be giving you some more visibility and where we see additional growth. And we think the combination of all of these things give us confidence that we can remain within the range of 4% to 6% of our planning period.
Lynn Good: Praful, it is still moving forward. We’re pursuing appeal through the OAH and also the North Carolina Superior Court. Our appeals are focused, or our claims are focused not only on the process that led to the decision, but also the substance of the decision. And so that process continues and as we reach milestones, we will of course update on that. But that's where I would leave it at this point.
Lynn Good: Sure. And Praful the Florida has been an environment that is recognized the need for grid investments. And we have been investing in hardening of our grid for some time. Right now, as part of our multi-year rate plan, we have over a $1 billion of investment underway. And that plan runs through 2021, so we would see the potential to take advantage of this additional storm hardening as we look at resetting our multi-year rate plan for 2022 and forward, which gives us an opportunity to really put additional investment to work in Florida.
Lynn Good: Yes, the minimal dilution in 2020, commercial renewables will be flat and the drivers that Steve outlined, I think it's Slide 14, Julien are very comprehensive. So I think you can track through those in a way that gives you a lot of confidence on 2020.
Lynn Good: And then, Michael, like, Florida solar is directly in the regulated capital plan. So the 700 megawatts that we're building there. And to the extent we build any of the CPRE and the regulated utility in the Carolinas, that capital would be in the regulated capital plan.
Lynn Good: Michael, I think it's important to recognize that these projects are locked in for 2019 and 2020. And we are committed to a flat trajectory, around $200 million of net income over the five-year period and 70% of that is already committed in our pipeline. So it's an important part of this business. But I think in terms of the volatility, or any volatility, you could expect, this is an area that we feel like we have very well developed and managed.
Lynn Good: I think you should include in your model roughly $200 million to $220 million of net income for the next five years, because that's what we have in ours, that we're committed to deliver.
Lynn Good: No, we think about what we talked about today, Michael is within the construct of a very robust organic growth plan, that includes strong regulated investment, $37 billion of growth capital. I think you're talking about Santee Cooper or perhaps JEA. We are involved in those processes. We know both of those assets well, and we would evaluate those on whether or not it makes sense to be a part of that process going forward and whether we believe we can deliver value to shareholders. So we think about that as a separate and distinct analysis that we will accomplish in a way that makes sense.
Lynn Good: Great, well thank you everyone for your questions and your interest and investment in Duke. We look forward to seeing many of you at EEI in the next few days. So thanks again.
Steven Young: I was just going to say regarding the mechanism, we've got plenty of time to do this equity. So there are as you mentioned, a number of tools out there we will be looking at that and seeing what makes the most sense for us, but nothing further beyond that at this point.
Steven Young: Yes, I would echo that entirely and we certainly want to have a solid balance sheet and the measure you think about there is a 50% FFO. And so we want to make sure that we can attain that. And as Lynn said, a delay of a project of this magnitude has a lot of cash flow implications. And so we want to be mindful of that and be proactive. And I think this will give us flexibility on the back-end of things as well.
Steven Young: Right, we should be at 15% and as we move forward, we’ll be in the 15% range and the equity issuance and advancements of other efforts in rate cases should start to drive us north of 15% as we move into 2020, 2021 and beyond. And that's our goal is to be in the 15% to 16% range. That would give us sufficient headroom to deal with the types of things that pop-up, such as hurricanes or other issues. And we think that'll give us sufficient flexibility in our financial plan with this equity. And as we said earlier, if things can work out with Atlantic Coast Pipeline coming on, we have the opportunity to ramp-back on the ATM or to invest in the type of infrastructure that Lynn alluded to. There's a lot of opportunities out there. So that's basically the plan to get north of 15% in the 15% to 16% range, and we'll be doing that as we move through 2021 and beyond.
Steven Young: Well, we’ll roll out and update our capital plan in February, as you know, Michael. But we had laid out last February about $2.5 billion of capital through 2023. As I mentioned earlier, we're doing about a $1 billion this year, it'll be lesser amounts going forward, I think we'll be deploying an amount of capital that will keep the earnings profile, relatively flat in the $200 million range is what we're looking at. I'd mentioned earlier that to keep that profile going forward, we need to land to 300 megawatts a year of projects, given the earnings profile, and so forth. So I don't see the capital proportionally growing in this particular segment as we go forward, but there will be capital as we land a few new projects each year.
Steven Young: Well, a lot of the growth that we saw and targeted for commercial renewables was from solar projects and those that profitability is driven by the tax benefits. And when we close tax partnership arrangements there, you recognize a lot of the tax benefits. So we've got $139 million of net income so far this year. We've got a combination of some wind and solar projects, the solar projects in particular hit the earnings early.
Steven Young: And I would also add that the projects that will be landing prospectively starting in 2020, will utilize a structure that we believe will have a more of the spread of earnings recognition over a three to five year time periods.
