Lynn Good: Sure, we're continuing to target $5.65 and feel very confident with that. As you can expect, as we entered the year, we had a range of expectations around both timing and proceeds from the sale. And what I see now as being kind of a modest delay from midyear to later in the year, I don't see an impact. I think it's important to recognize that the growth is primarily driven by our regulated outcomes and the cost mitigation that's offsetting some of the external headwinds and those are on track as we expected and shared with you third quarter. So confident in the $5.65.
Lynn Good: Shar, I appreciate the question. I also appreciate how closely you all read the slides. We weren't intending to signal anything with the word robust. We feel good about the process. There's strong interest in the portfolio and we're moving forward. I think the thing to recognize on an impairment charge, is this an accounting adjustment that's really driven by the earnings profile of renewables, where a lot of the profit that's in the early part of the life, you then depreciate it over a longer period of time. So when you make a decision to exit before the end of the useful life, you've kind of set yourself up for an impairment. So I would look at it that way.  The takeaway is the strategic decision around asset remains unchanged, and we're on track for proceeds later this year.
Lynn Good: And Shar, the only thing I would add to that is we look at this and the agencies look at this as a temporary issue because you can associate it completely with the deferred fuel. And the fact that we have been able to work constructively through recovery mechanisms, and we can actually forecast how that balance is going to decline over '23 into '24, it gives us a lot of confidence on the metrics.  And of course, as you would expect, we're in conversations with the rating agencies every step of the way. This regulated portfolio that we have with the cash flows and constructive jurisdictions is really what underpins the credit ratings of the company, and nothing has changed around that risk profile.
Lynn Good: Sure. And thanks, Julien, for that. I regard the carbon plan order is a very constructive one that has given us real clarity on the near-term investments. So when you think about 3,100 megawatts of solar, 1,600 megawatts of battery storage, that capital plan is pretty well locked in for the Carolinas. We may see some marginal changes, but I would think about those as later in the 5-year period and really in connection with the next update. So I feel really good about the Carolinas.  Florida is also on track with the 10-year site plan and SPP and grid modernization. I think where we have potential and even potential upside is in Indiana, where we are earlier in the clean energy transition, moving through that process. We have estimates in the capital plan, but we'll be filing for CPCN later this year, and have more advanced dialogue about timing and approach. So I'm very comfortable with the capital plan and if anything, see a bit of upside in Indiana as we continue our clean energy transition.
Lynn Good: Yes. We have an estimate. That's exactly right. We put an estimate in there, Julien, but we're filing an updated IRP later this month into March, then we're filing for CPCNs. So that will crystallize more specifically toward the end of this year into 2024, much in the way that the Carolinas has matured as we go through IRP filings. Now we have an order on the carbon plant. So that's the way I would characterize it. And if anything, I would say our estimate has been on the conservative side.
Lynn Good: Well, it's a good question, Julien. And I guess I'd like to step back and just point for a moment to a very constructive and comprehensive settlement that we were able to reach on the South Carolina rate case. I think that's an indication of just the incredible work that we have been doing with the stake -- with the stakeholders to continue constructive dialogue about where the company is going and what we're trying to accomplish.  And I appreciate your sensitivity on the word alignment because what we are trying to accomplish is giving both states the flexibility to put their fingerprints on an energy plan going forward. And we believe we're making progress on this. We actually had testimony in the carbon plan that laid out a structure that would allow states to opt in or opt out depending on their energy policy, and that is beginning to take some discussion in South Carolina, but that will progress over time. We believe we operate in an incredibly valuable system, and we'll work with both states on how to add resources to meet their needs, customer and policy needs going forward.
Lynn Good: So Steve, we actually made the decision -- final decision to sale in early November and announced it on the third quarter call. So that decision went through a governance process, Board approval, et cetera, in the fourth quarter. And as a result, the impairment goes in the fourth quarter.
Lynn Good: Steve, I think it's too early to tell exactly. And you may -- if you think back on our history, we have, from time to time, entered into partial settlements where you feel like there are elements of this case that can be agreed and then there are others that the parties believe ought to be put in front of the commission. You should know we'll explore discussions with all intervening parties through this process. And as we get closer to dates when testimony gets -- is ready to be heard and testimonies been filed by all the parties, we'll begin those discussions. But it's too early to tell the shape that it will take.
Lynn Good: And I think that's an important point. As we were talking -- thinking back to the generation transition day kind of showing those charts about the 10 years. As we get deeper into the plan, more generation investment begins to show up earlier in the plan, more transmission and distribution. So you're beginning to see that and you'll see more of it in '28, '29, '30.
Lynn Good: I think the commodity price is coming down, Nick is a real positive for customers because you think about we still have deferred fuel to collect, but our estimates for cost of fuel in 2023 is coming off and that's a good thing. So we're pleased to see that. It's good for customers. It also takes a little pressure off of interest in financing. So we'll continue to take advantage of every bit of that.
Lynn Good: We feel very comfortable. The fact that we've absorbed $4 billion of deferred fuel and $0.5 billion of hurricane in 2022 alone, I think, is a strong testament to where we are, our scale, our ability to manage resources, et cetera. So we feel comfortable with it. We care deeply about maintaining these credit ratings. We think they're important and at the right level for the degree of risk in the business, but this is an opportunity that presents itself with the size and scale of our company where we can manage our way through blips of this type. More than a blip actually, $4 billion.
Lynn Good: Yes. And Jeremy, let me comment on -- we feel good about the process, strong interest in the portfolio. We're not going to talk any more specifically around valuation. I hope you can appreciate that given where we are in the process. And I don't know, Brian, if you want to add anything to...
Lynn Good: Jeremy, it's a really good question. It's a really good question. And one of the reasons we are involved in so many different things is the obstacle for full-scale adoption has a lot to do with which technology can reach commercial scale with a supply chain that will support how much of it we need. I think about our path or climate report through 2050 has us a need of somewhere between 10,000 and 15,000 megawatts of what we call 0 emitting load following resources kind of in that late . So that could be hydrogen. It could be small modular reactors. It could be CCUS, it could be longer duration storage.  So the key being, again, though, we're not going to invest until they're affordable for our customers, and we can invest at the commercial scale necessary to make a difference. The small module reactor is something we're spending time on, and you would expect us to. We are the largest regulated nuclear operator in the U.S. sitting in a part of the world that embraces nuclear as part of the solution. But we also joined with a collection of Southeastern utilities to pursue a hydrogen hub. Because with all that carbon-free generation and all the solar we're going to have in this area, we think that's something worth investing in, really, as part of maintaining and preserving the natural gas infrastructure that has been so important to this region.  So I know it's a roundabout answer to the question, but we're not ready to put our finger on any specific technology as the solution, but we are advancing our work, piloting, advising, working as actively as we can to make sure these technologies are developing at pace so that when we do need them and are ready to invest, there will be something that makes sense for our customers.
Lynn Good: Well, thank you all for joining and for your investment in Duke Energy. We appreciate that. We feel like we've had a strong finish to the year and excited about 2023. And as always, we're available, Investor Relations and the senior management team for any further questions. So thanks for joining today.
Brian Savoy: We'll definitely hit that, Shar, and thanks for the question. We're working through the deferred fuel balances, through the regulatory mechanisms in place. And that's what the agencies are looking for. Looking to see, are you filing in line with the regulatory recovery that is established. Or are you making exceptions spreading that recovery longer. We've had really good success so far in North Carolina and South Carolina, and we have a couple more filings in front of us, both in Florida and Duke Energy Carolinas, North Carolina.  But these are working. The regulators understand our need to recover this in a timely manner from a credit position and the rating agencies are liking what they're seeing in how we're executing these plans in accordance with the tools in place.
Brian Savoy: That's a good question, David. This is Brian. When we looked at the opportunities across the board last year to really position 2023 in a good spot, we identified areas in our corporate costs and business support that we felt like we could really align service levels with work prioritization. And we did this across the board, but a good example is in IT, right? We have about 1,300 IT systems. Well, not all are mission-critical don't need to be -- have the same level of support as others. So we really stratified our support levels. And we did that across IT, HR, legal, finance, we looked at across the corporate areas and found really structural opportunities that will remain for the long term. And that's why we feel like a lot of the 75% of the $300 million is sustainable.  And another area that was also very important to the cost reductions was our real estate footprint. In Uptown Charlotte, we're moving from 4 buildings into 1 new tower. That's reducing service costs on those assets as well as lease cost and depreciation. So inflationary pressures are not impacting our ability to hit that $300 million target. We've contemplated inflation in certain pockets in the portfolio as we look into the spin in 2023 in our planning horizon and feel good about the $5.65 target we have.
Brian Savoy: No, I think as we move deeper into the clean energy transition, we expect the capital plan to increase year after year as well. So this is in line with our expectations as we move through the '20s.
Brian Savoy: Nick, it is a good question around long-term growth rate. And we feel good about our 5% to 7% growth. And we have a lot of things to figure out. I mean interest rates have moderated to some degree, but they're still moving up, right? The Fed is still moving it. Fuel costs have been on the downward trend, and we -- that's really good for our customers. But they could move up just as fast as they did in 2022. So right now, we're sticking to the 5% to 7% growth range and not signaling inside it anymore.
Brian Savoy: Yes. Jeremy, we referenced a $3 billion book value excluding the tax attributes mid-year and we had some projects we continue to invest in for the balance of the year and then took the $1.3 million write-down at the end of the year. So you can kind of walk it down that way if you want to think about book value.
Brian Savoy: Yes. There's no change to the tax position or a tax basis as a result of this impairment charge, so no change in message. We can manage it.
