Mark F. Mulhern: No, it's a bigger number than that, Jonathan. So 2 things in there that I'd say. You know that starting adjusted cash flow number that you look at on Slide 21 that shows about $500 million or $600 million increase from '11 to '12 is really split in 2, so about 1/2 of it is catching up to the full amount, so the $490 million limit on replacement power from NEIL it paid us $162 million or so of that. The remainder to that we would expect to receive at some point here and hopefully in 2012. And the rest of that is actually in the fuel rates for customers. So if you remember, we had expected Crystal River 3 to come back in service in 2011 so we had some catch-up to do through our fuel adjustment clause that's actually in the customer rates currently. So those are the 2 factors that would drive that variance.
Mark F. Mulhern: Yes, let me try that one. So we are in a process with them on the biggest and most complex claim they've ever had and they've had a lot of questions, and we've had a lot of discussion. And so I will say we have not approached the second part of your question is what is the dispute resolution mechanism because we're not at a dispute yet. There is a requirement for some form of voluntary dispute resolution in the policy, but that's not where we are at the moment. We're still working positively and engaged with them on explaining what happened, what the repair plan is and to make sure that it's covered.
Mark F. Mulhern: Yes, Dan, I would point to 2 things. You knew -- already put your finger on the weather, but the second one is when you look at the complete year waterfall chart on Slide 12, you see $0.15 of wholesale. I think in our original forecast for the year, we've probably had a negative $0.07 or $0.08 so we're probably $0.06, $0.07, $0.08 higher in negativity in wholesale than we projected in the beginning of the year. And some of that relates to low off system sales opportunities given the prices of commodities, so very low off system sales compared to what we had forecasted. And then we also had some impact of these fuel disallowances on our wholesale customers. So some of that added to that. And then the only other thing I'd say is we did expect a bigger contribution from O&M, so on that same slide on Slide 12 you see a $0.13 positive for O&M. We actually had in our original forecast, if you'll remember, it had about $0.25 of positive that we thought was going to show up in O&M in 2011 because we had known [indiscernible] outages from nuclear. But there were a couple of items that I would point to that would say why we didn't get all the way to the $0.25 and they would be primarily related to we had a Robinson Nuclear Recovery plan that we helped fund for the year so we needed to do some things there to get the performance at the Robinson plant back on track, which has been successful here so that cost us some money. We also accelerated some vegetation management expenditures at both utilities. So I would kind of point to those items as contributing to not getting all the way to the positive variance in O&M.
Mark F. Mulhern: Yes, what I would say about the '12 O&M numbers, Dan, to your point, it's not on the chart because obviously we've got outages, so we've got nuclear outages that are going to raise up some of the O&M expenditures in '12 compared to '11 and then we've got some, Bill referred to it earlier, some efficiency and some cost management efforts that we're doing. You see we have the pension number on there, a little higher number in '12 versus '11. And then the only other thing I'd point to is we do have -- we're having some significant attrition. Obviously, we're going into the merger so we're probably down headcount-wise about 250 positions year-to-year. So that will help offset some of that higher nuclear O&M in '12.
Mark F. Mulhern: But we do expect, Ashar, to give some detail to those projects, but we're not -- we will do -- we will lay that out in a regulatory filing here very shortly.
Mark F. Mulhern: Ashar, what I would say is it probably had a number of factors in that analysis, right? So we both have had, excuse me, rate proceedings, both some that have gotten concluded, some that have gotten proposed. We got a Florida settlement. Duke's had a rate case resolved in the Carolinas. We got one coming up. So I wouldn't attribute it all to that very simplified math equation.
Mark F. Mulhern: Yes. And here's how I look at it, Ashar. I mean obviously, things have moved around here and we're developing a lot of different things related to getting the approvals done and timing. So I actually will look probably that -- I would describe 2013 is the first full year of measurement here and I don't believe anything has changed from what we were looking at, at the time we entered into the transaction.
Mark F. Mulhern: We're not quite done with all the analysis around that. But based on what we know today, the mitigation plans shouldn't change that.
Mark F. Mulhern: I'm staring at Drennan, Paul, just because I -- we made an announcement when we signed this extension, so there's a new, I can't remember it if it's 1,000 megawatts, something like it will grow to 1,000 megawatts of new load with NCEMC over a period of years. You're probably best off calling him after this call. So we really haven't given those numbers out for '13 just because it's further out in time.
Mark F. Mulhern: Yes, to give a little color on both utilities, I think that, that's right. In the Carolinas, you've seen those numbers are jumping around a little bit. Growth is an important element to us. New customer growth in Carolinas is important. So if you look at that 1.5%, I would say about 1% or maybe a little less than 1% of that is related to this assumption that we're going to have 10,000 new customers added in 2012. You're right, the numbers are bumped around here. You see that 2% number that happened between '09 and '10 and so there's a little bit of volatility here and I think some of it's economic driven, so the state of the economy, unemployment rates, just business activity in general. But I do think we are seeing some signs in the Carolinas. We've got a couple of major industrial announcements, kind of selected this site in South Carolina. So there'll be some momentum around some of this expansion that will help us in the Carolinas. And Carolinas has got a -- also has, as I mentioned, the military base expansion at Camp Lejeune and Fort Bragg have been significant for us just around the peripherals, so not only just the basics expansion but the peripheral around commercial activity and housing activity to support that expansion has been significant. So those are the 2 things I'd point to in the Carolinas. In Florida, we don't really have any industrial base to speak of in Florida. It's really a commercial and residential story. And the story in Florida, a lot has to do with housing and the only point I'd make with respect to the financial impact to that, in Florida we do have some flexibility around this cost of removal element that we don't have in Carolinas. So we've been able to kind of manage some of the negativity in Florida, again, as we believe the economy will continue to recover slowly over an extended period of time.
Mark F. Mulhern: We have, we have. I would say that our forecasting guys would attribute maybe 2/10, 3/10 of a percent of negativities related to our demand-side management and energy efficiency programs potentially, something like those numbers. So I wouldn't call it overly significant, but when you're talking these numbers, maybe it is.
Mark F. Mulhern: And the only thing I'd add, Brian, is if you look at the response we got to our last mitigation plan, we got some very specific feedback from FERC about firm power sales and control, about interested buyers that would take the product, about conditions around what we'd ascribe to that. So I actually think when you see this, you will go through a checklist of things that were pointed out in that filing and meet the -- the short-term bridge mitigation plan would meet those requirements.
Mark F. Mulhern: Yes, I'm going take you to your CPA course for a minute because when you record insurance receivables, the probability standard is a high bar. You have to be confident that you can collect 100% of that receivable and convince yourselves and then your outside auditors that, that's affordable. So what we've done here is be given our pending Florida regulatory settlement. We still -- we have not changed our opinion about the collectibility of these dollars from NEIL. But for accounting purposes, we have re-classed what was in receivables from NEIL effectively to a regulatory asset for the replacement power piece and into construction work-in-progress for the repair piece.
Mark F. Mulhern: No, no. They would be related to the second one, Greg, because on the first delamination, we've actually received proceeds.
Mark F. Mulhern: Well, Michael, here's what I would say. What we have, so far, are public estimate around repair at Crystal River 3 is $900 million to $1.3 billion. As Bill said, we're doing engineering work and working with EPC folks to nail that down and make sure that we fully understand the costs related to that. We believe that, that those dollars are recoverable through insurance. So the way I would think about this and the reason they're not on this slide is: Number one, I don't know the timing of when we will actually execute those repairs and how those dollars will flow through this schedule. Number two, I believe I don't know with certainty how those dollars would be recovered in the timing of that recovery. So that's the reason they're not on here. You could imagine whatever you want and add them to these pages, but I would net them against whatever the assumed collection would be.
Mark F. Mulhern: We can't answer that precisely, but it takes months in the best of cases because they always do an analysis. They have their own internal processes so it is not an immediate kind of payment system. It takes months.
Mark F. Mulhern: Well, Michael, the recent history we have had and this is just I think a cyclical thing that happens to everybody is we've had some operational challenges in both nuclear and fossil that we had driven our O&M costs up in 2011 and 2010 and then obviously the timing of outages and how we manage those processes are important to us. But across-the-board, we have been managing costs, trying to be more efficient, do things with less people and less spending, so I think we got the opportunity and I think obviously, realistically, we got 2 things happening in front of us. We've got a pending merger that we're obviously looking to gain efficiencies out of. We probably have the best real time benchmarking that you could get. In other words, we're looking down the navel of each other's operation, 2 very good strong companies that operate their fleets extremely well and we've gotten the benefit of looking at how they do things, and they've gotten the benefit of how we do things. I think we have tremendous opportunities going forward to improve our operations across-the-board and obviously reduce cost and do things as well as we can do them. So I think that's how I would really think about that going forward.
Mark F. Mulhern: No, I think it's mixed, Michael. I'd say there are a number of things that we've identified that we absolutely can do on our own better and save money and be more efficient, but there are also some things of economies of scale and supply chain is one example. Our ability to access and be -- and get competitive pricing just mushrooms when we're a combined company.
Mark F. Mulhern: It does. We've got a maturity coming due at holdco that we will look to refinance. Ideally, what our plan was, going into the merger, was we would not do any more Progress Energy holding company, that it would be done at the Duke level. But given where we are and timing, we felt and we've been obviously working with the Duke folks on this as well, we thought it was appropriate to go ahead and refinance the holding company maturity that comes due so we will ultimately get to that.
Mark F. Mulhern: Looking around the room here, some of it we've already spent, we've got more to do and it'll likely be in the tail end of this so I'm thinking while we're deciding on repairs that EPU stuff will probably be pushed out a little bit in time, is the way I would think about it. But I'll get you those numbers -- I'm looking about it, we'll get you that number.
William D. Johnson: Jonathan, this is Bill -- excuse me, I think the only thing we can say there is that we are in settlement agreements with both those states and promising them the benefits of joint dispatch in fuel. You've pointed out the elements of that have moved around a little, and so we're looking at what elements are. But at the moment, where we are is that we are on the record with those folks.
William D. Johnson: No, no. I'm just say things change everyday in the business. Fuel prices change, coal usage goes up or goes down, so variables change. But no, I can't give you any more specifics than that.
William D. Johnson: I think I said in the call in January when we talked about the settlement is that one of the -- there are 2 paths here: One is the completion of the design and repair selection work; and the other is continuing with NEIL to a resolution. Those passes are linked, right, because the repair option from their perspective has to be within the terms of the policy. And so until we get to that final decision on those things, I don't think we'll get to a final resolution. And then I would hope sometime in the mid-second quarter that's a process that we'd get to.
William D. Johnson: Yes, one of the tried-and-true methods of mitigating market power at FERC is the creation of new transmission paths that bring greater import capacity into the market. So to think about real simply, that you've increased the size of the market, so that your concentration of generation is less than it was. That's the simplest way to think about it, I think.
William D. Johnson: I think there is. We have certainly studied the FERC precedent and all mitigation plans hard over the last month or so. And we think that what we're proposing here is squarely within their precedent. I can't give you the citations now, but I think when we file, you will find them listed there.
William D. Johnson: I don't think it affects it at all. They've sort of defined what they mean in our case, by their prior orders and so we're just sticking to what they've said. But I don't think that announcement changes anything significant for us.
William D. Johnson: I think you're a little ahead of our thinking on that question, Brian. But we do know that you can't go in with a mitigation plan that promises to have transmission there later. So the transmission has to show up before you can take credit for it. So you have to figure out how long the mitigated bridge last before you get the transmission built.
William D. Johnson: So Greg, the settlement gives us clarity on the regulatory path for that decision, right? It lays out a framework for repair and lays out a framework for retirement and that's a fairly straightforward analysis, which is what the benefit to the customer is over the life of the asset compared to alternatives. And so to get to the definitive sort of conclusion you've described, we have to get to a higher level of engineering completion and understanding on the repair options, so that when you make the judgment you've described you have a good basis for doing it. And I said I think sometime in the second quarter, we'll be at that spot. We'll have a good number and we will do that analysis. We have done it on the back of the envelope. We actually did it last summer when we made a filing with the Commission, but will do that in detail once we have a number that we think is reliable and realistic.
William D. Johnson: I think the answer to that question depends. I don't think we can answer that question today until we have more certainty about both of the variables we're discussing here.
William D. Johnson: It is feasible to say -- you could theorize, let's say this, that even with full recovery you had options that were cheaper for the customer.
William D. Johnson: Yes, I think that's exceptionally unlikely. Yes, I think that's very unlikely. But we have to get to a better number -- not a better, a more refined and complete number on what the repair costs before we can do that calculation.
William D. Johnson: Let me explain. That building, which has now been delaminated and is still tensioned in large part had some minor continuing cracking. This is not something that is unexpected or worrisome. But yes, there have been some other things, but not of the magnitude of the one from last March.
William D. Johnson: I don't think so. I think what we're going about is sort of the global repair of the entire building and how that fits into the policy, so I don't think this changes anything one way or the other.
William D. Johnson: Great. Well, thanks for being on the call. We appreciate your interest, and we'll see you next quarter. Thanks.
