Lynn Good: Well, James, and thank you for that question, and the work is already underway to develop the plan. We had our first stakeholder meeting just a week-or-so ago and there are additional meetings planned. And I would share with you that it will be a review of the full range of existing and potential resources to achieve the objective. We envision putting forward multiple scenarios as we did in the 2020 IRP so that we have a good discussion of weighing cost and benefits of the various resource types. And it's also going to have good discussions about reliability and affordability, coupled with environmental achievement.  So I would expect it to be somewhat similar in concept to what we produced in 2020, James, because it will be a variety of portfolios but is always well informed by our stakeholders and directed toward achieving what the legislature has set out for us, which is 70% carbon by -- reduction by 2030.
Lynn Good: Yes. It's a good question because it's a dynamic area. And I would say generally that the scope and scale of our company has positioned us really well on supply chain considerations. We've done a very good job of expanding our horizon to look at demand, leveraging long-term contracts, leveraging what we maintain in inventory. So we have not seen an impact on the majority, if -- significantly of the capital plans that we have in place.  But we have experienced some impact from solar panels, and you'll see us. We talked a little bit about this in the third quarter call, evaluating what it might mean, we're pushing some projects in commercial renewables in particular, to 2023, we've been able to achieve all of our dates of regulated renewables, however. So I would leave you with the fact that it's a dynamic area. There are areas where lead times are increasing, but we feel well positioned given the scale of the company and the approach that we're taking to manage what our customers require.
Lynn Good: And I think when you step back and look at guidance, maybe just 1 comment on guidance, too, and we feel like it's a very strong growth story. You may remember that we reset the 5% to 7% for the first time off of 5.15. We believe this is a very strong start. And as you know, we'll be working hard not only to hit these numbers. But if circumstances are such we can exceed them, we'll do that. But we believe this is a compelling growth story.
Lynn Good: Julien, we are evaluating capital allocation on renewables and Steve's comments, you might have noticed, we said as we ramp up partner investment in the Carolinas and in Florida around renewables. So we will make the right decision on where we invest the renewable capital. I think the planning assumption of $200 million to $250 million is still reasonable for commercial, but know that we're also going to be adding a lot of renewables in those regulated businesses.
Lynn Good: Stephen, it's hard to handicap because we don't have a vehicle yet. There are a variety of other topics being discussed within that construct of what the administration would like to move. But it is our conviction that the clean energy tax provisions would be very helpful not only to support the transformation that's underway at Duke, but throughout the industry, and also allow us to lower the price of that transformation.  For a regulated company, those tax incentives have a direct impact on our price to customers. So we are strong advocates for it. We actually believe that nuclear is a great recognition of that resource, some of the modernization around solar to introduce PTCs, the opportunity to have direct pay. All of these things, we believe, could be helpful in this transformation that we're pursuing so aggressively.
Lynn Good: And Stephen, I would point to availability as the first and most gating item because of some of the restrictions around trade and other things, there has been an issue around availability and certain suppliers have said we can't meet the time frame. And as a result of that, you then begin looking for alternatives, and those alternatives can be more expensive. So we have made a decision to push some of our projects into '23. We're very confident in our projects that we have identified for '23, but we have appropriate supply and are ready to go. But that's what I would share with you. The gating issue has been availability. And then as you pursue alternatives, price can become an issue.
Lynn Good: Stephen, as I look at what we have put forward as guidance, we're at $150 million for the commercial business, we have been targeting $200 million to $250 million. So I would think about a couple of projects that are being pushed from '22 to '23.
Lynn Good: And Stephen, a moment ago, I also noted, we were able to complete all of the regulated renewable projects and have secured supply for them for 2022. So we're doing some balancing here and believe that the net result of all of this puts us in a strong position to achieve our objectives.
Lynn Good: Yes. And we expected this week. I guess we're sitting here on Thursday. Steve, it could come out today. I think the 10th was the plan, but we are expecting it. And we'll get something out from Investor Relations when that rulemaking appears.
Lynn Good: Steve, it's actually a reverse of that because if we get constructive tax policy, think about direct pay, think about nuclear PTC, that is very favorable from a cash flow standpoint. And that gives us an opportunity to consider potentially additional capital. But you should think about that as an infusion of cash into the plan in a way that could be quite helpful.
Lynn Good: Yes. There's -- the linkage of tax policy and equity needs is not what as you're thinking about it, Steve. We included that to say that could be a reason to reduce the need for equity even beyond '26 depending on what's happening. So there are positives and negatives in that.
Lynn Good: Sure. And Jonathan, North and South Carolina have found a way over decades to work together and have developed a joint electric system that delivers affordable and reliable power, but they've also benefited from infrastructure investment in both states. 6 nuclear power plants, 3 in North Carolina, 3 in South Carolina. So we are optimistic that we'll be able to develop resource plans that meet the needs of both states. They are, of course, different, but both are interested in clean energy, clean energy transition, renewables, et cetera. The joint hearing that we suggested and worked toward was an innovative idea. We thought it would be an opportunity for the states to engage, but it's not the only way. And as we think about the future and the number of proceedings that will unfold over the next several years with resource additions and potential retirements, there will be plenty of opportunity for the states to work together in a way that makes sense for their policies. We'd also expect South Carolina to be at the table in the stakeholder meetings over the course of 2022. I know they are not only interested in what it means for customers around affordability and resiliency, but also what it means in terms of investment. And I think there is a lot here for both states, and we're anxious to work towards something that makes sense for everyone.
Lynn Good: Jonathan, I would -- I'm not going to point to a specific milestone, but rather say that we will update you on the stakeholder engagements. We'll update you on the carbon plan as that gets finalized. To the extent there are filings that we might make in South Carolina, we'll, of course, give updates on that. So you can expect this to unfold not only over the course of '22, but into '23 as well. And South Carolina will be at the table every step of the way.
Lynn Good: I would think about the work that's underway in 2022, Durgesh, around the Carolinas. So we have -- legislation has been passed, but we have regulatory proceedings underway to set the course on the performance-based rate making and on the plan. That, of course, will begin to be executed in '23 and '24. So there's going to be a sort of back half approach around the capital and the regulatory modernization in the Carolinas. And then further in Indiana, the IRP was filed in December. We're anticipating RFPs and potentially CPCNs to be filed in 2022 that will begin the execution of the next phase of the transition in Indiana as well. So those are a couple of things that I would point to that are important as you think about the end of this 5-year plan, but the remaining years in this decade.
Lynn Good: I think this is an important discussion to progress in this decade. And so the awareness around hydrogen, the awareness around advanced nuclear, the awareness around what might be possible in CCUS is something that is a part of our conversations with all of our regulators. And you begin to see even offshore wind part of the conversation with regulators. It's a mature technology in Europe but relatively new in the U.S. And the good news is we believe we have runway with existing technologies to achieve the majority of our aspirations around clean energy transition over the next 5 years-or-so. And so you're getting into the 2030s when those technologies would be more important to get to net 0 and the next tranche of carbon reduction. And so I think time will tell on whether they get to commercial scale. We begin to see some demonstration projects, like in advanced nuclear in the 2028 time frame. But I would also point to the amount of money that's in the infrastructure bill to really pilot and develop and get these technologies to scale. So it's possible it occurs even more rapidly. But we will be thoughtful working with stakeholders and our regulators before we begin introducing any of these technologies so that we have a common view of what we would like to achieve and invest in to meet our goals.
Lynn Good: Thank you, and thanks, everyone, for joining. I know these calls in February are always full of information, not only in what we have achieved, but where we're going. And so we're available to answer any follow-on questions and look forward to talking with many of you in the weeks to come. So thanks again for your interest in Duke Energy.
Steve Young: I might add a couple of things. On the cost side, we took $200 million out sustainable as we had promised, and we've delivered on that. We've got 2,000 less employees at Duke Energy than we did a year ago. We retired 5 coal units, and that takes out some O&M there. But we're going to keep moving forward. Our scope and scale allows us to do this. We've completely redone our real estate footprint and taking advantage of COVID immediately on the real estate savings.  We're going to continue to drive out efficiencies and utilize technology to displace the need for other costs. And we've had success for the past 5 years of doing that of driving O&M down. We put flat O&M into our trajectory in response to what is inflation there. But we're going to continue to hammer our way at it. And we've got the tools to do that. We'll see where that goes, but out of respect for the trends we see on cost, we flattened it out, we're going to be driving hard at it, Julien.
Steve Young: It might be in the neighborhood of 400, 500 megawatts, something of that nature. And then we'll look at, again, '23 as we approach it to see what makes sense based on the projects that are there and the returns as we move forward. But I still think around the 200 to 250 as the reasonable planning assumption for what we'll do.
Steve Young: Yes. We were looking at cash flow changes as well as capital changes and the tax policy is very beneficial from a tax --
Steve Young: Well, I think when you're looking at AVA for the quarter, the fourth quarter of the previous year was starting to pick up quite a bit, so there's some comparative things there. I think as we move forward, what we're really projecting here is that we're going to catch up by the end of '22 to where we would have been prior to COVID hitting when you just take 2019 and extrapolate out. So I wouldn't look at any 1 particular quarter comparison to another quarter as you could have shutdowns in certain industries and that nature that might impact the stats. But looking broadly across it, what we see is return by the end of '22 to where we were at prior to COVID and then we've got pretty flattish load growth assumed from that point forward. We feel good about '22 growth across the board. We've added a lot of customers, as we alluded to. And customers moving into the area, that will drive commercial, education, health care, retail, that picks up.  And then when we look across our industrial base and talk to our industrial customers, we've got such a diverse body of industrial customers. No one customer SIC code is greater than 10%. We see them optimistic about further growth in '22. So I'd think about that a bit more than just a quarter versus quarter examination.
Steve Young: We've assumed flat O&M in '22 compared to 2021. The $200 million was taken out in '21 and is sustainable, so it will be in there. But we're assuming it's flat in '22 and throughout our plan. But what I would point to is we have a strong track record of finding O&M savings across our footprint, and none of that has stopped. And we've got inflationary issues that everybody's heard about. So we flattened it out, but we're certainly continuing to drive to find the opportunities to utilize capital technology to take out variable O&M, and that goes on every day.
Steve Young: A couple of things there. When we look at our financing plan, I don't have any specifics on what a hybrid security might look like, but we always consider those -- there are times where those can certainly make sense when the value they can bring and the price makes sense to us, so we'll always allude to that as a possibility there, but nothing specific on that front. When you think about the 5-year plan, we put together a plan here that we do not believe we need any incremental equity beyond the $1 billion of the second tranche of the GIC deal that will be coming in within the next 12 months. We think we've got regulatory constructs in place across our jurisdiction that are very efficient, and we have regulatory plans to make those investments through those regulatory constructs. We've also got a great ability to control cost. We've shown that, and that helps the bottom line metrics as well.  So no equity financing plans through the plan. Now as we move through the decade, for the circumstances that Lynn had described, we could see needs coming at us. We'll utilize the most efficient form of raising equity and we've shown great ability to do that through traditional methods, through non-traditional, through monetization of businesses. We'll look at all of that. We're well aware of our portfolio's value. It's good to have that optionality.
