James E. Rogers: Thanks, Lynn. Before taking your questions, I want to emphasize again how proud I am of our employees. We're now 4 months past merger close and they haven't missed a beat in delivering on our mission. They have an extraordinary get-it-done mentality. We are facing our challenges as one team. We know what we need to do and we're doing it. We are determined to realize our vision of the new Duke Energy, turning our scale and diversity of assets into sustained performance and greater value. Needless to say, we appreciate your interest and investment in Duke Energy. With that, let's open up the phone lines for your questions.
James E. Rogers: Let me just add to that. I think Lynn said that well, but I would underscore the point that we're going to have to kind of think through what the new cost paradigm needs to be in a world where the demand growth is 1% or less. And I think that's a practical thought. I think our company, compared to others, is probably ahead in the modernization of our generation fleet, and that's really going to drive our earnings over the next year or so. And all the other things that Lynn listed will also be drivers of earnings growth. But I think it has to -- we have to achieve superior growth through O&M control and changing the cost paradigm. I think that's an imperative. And this combination has been a great catalyst to us being able to do that.
James E. Rogers: No, Dan, I agree with that in this way: I believe that if you look in all the states that we operate in, moving toward more of a formula rate approach, very similar to what they have in Alabama, for instance, and a formula rate approach is the right direction to go in over the next decade for a variety of reasons. One is, is to really deal with the modernization of T&D and continued modernization of our fleet to also address the issue of slow growth in demand. But more importantly, I think it gives us credibility with our customers if we have formula rates with respect to investing in their homes and businesses to help them have -- to reduce their usage. So I think that puts us in a stronger position on the other side of the meter. So there's multiple reasons, all good public policy reasons, to move toward a formula rate approach over the next decade.
James E. Rogers: I'd make a couple of observations and one is, is that what you have seen is a significant -- I mean, the Republicans controlled both the House and the Senate. They picked up several seats in the Senate. They now have close to super majority in the House, and this is the first Republican governor in 20 years, and he won by over 10%. So I think that they're putting -- this new administration is going to come in and they have a lot of work to do. They don't have the same deep bench of people to pull from because they've been out of power in Raleigh for 20 years. But my belief is, is that Pat McCrory will do a good job of pulling talent from around the state into Raleigh to really create kind of a world-class administration. And so we're very happy that he's been elected and proud of the fact that he's from Charlotte, and he was our mayor for 14 years. He is the first governor from Charlotte that's ever been elected.
James E. Rogers: Well, the only thing I can tell you is, since 1990, people have been trying to promote me out of this job into the government, and they've been unsuccessful. So I have a mission here to complete of integrating these 2 teams. I'm focused on that. I'm flattered that they would consider me for that lower paying job. But I think my wife would weigh in and say, "Get the money and focus on Duke." So I think that's how I'm thinking about it.
James E. Rogers: As you know, this investigation is ongoing. We are cooperating with the North Carolina Commission and Jenner & Block. We're keeping open communications with the parties, and we're working our way through this. And I'm hopeful that we can find a way to work our way through this in a way that is -- creates value for both our customers as well as our investors.
James E. Rogers: It's just hard to zero in on the exact timing, but we're working our way through it. And I think everybody's intent is to do their best to get through this and get it behind us one way or another as soon as possible.
James E. Rogers: I think if you look back on the project, I mean, once you -- 2 ways to look at it. If you look at the total cost of the project and you look at a return on invested capital, it clearly is greater than our cost of capital. So it's net positive from that standpoint. The minute this plant is completed and in rate base, they will be earning at whatever our ROE is at the time and in the future, which now would be 10.5%.
James E. Rogers: I do. And I think we will appreciate the value of that plant more as the years go on, and it's a great hedge. I mean, first, it's the most efficient coal plant in the world, and we will appreciate the value of that plant more and more in the future because gas prices are low today, whether you look out over the 40-year life of that plant, can you expect them to be $4 to $5 for 40 years, and to pick up on Ben Franklin who used to say, "There are only 2 things in life that are certain, death and taxes," I would add a third certainty to that, and that is the volatility of the price of natural gas. So I think this becomes a great hedge against natural gas prices in the future.
James E. Rogers: Thank you, all, again, for participating in our call today. We look forward to seeing those of you-all who will be at the EEI Financial Conference in Phoenix next week. Again, thank you very much for investing in Duke Energy.
Lynn J. Good: Greg, it's a good question, and we're leaving the range at $4.20 to $4.35. As we continue to put the companies together, we've got merger integration that we're focusing on, and we just think that's an appropriate place to be at this point. But as we've said, we're very pleased with where we are. We think the quarter was very strong, and the team is working hard on the fourth quarter.
Lynn J. Good: Greg, I think 2013 is an important year. And after giving it lots of consideration, we think it's an appropriate base for growth. As you mentioned, we will have some partial year benefits. The rate cases will be a partial year. Synergies will not be at a full run rate. But I think the drivers of some of the capture here should give you a good indication of where we see '13 and then annualization into '14 would be an appropriate consideration, but we'll have more on '13 in February.
Lynn J. Good: Greg, we're going to do guidance in February and talk about '13 and the long-term growth rate. That's as far as I can go at this point.
Lynn J. Good: Greg, I'll take a shot. Jim may have some other things to add. We still have some generation to complete, so the Sutton plant is scheduled to go in service in 2013. We also have environmental spending for the coal fleet that will continue. We have nuclear investment that we foresee not only in the existing kind of fleet, but also to address Fukushimas as we go forward. And we're always looking for ways to modernize the T&D system. As you know, we're in the midst of a smart grid rollout in Ohio. That remains a potential opportunity for distribution automation in our other jurisdictions. So those are the things I would point to.
Lynn J. Good: Dan, we are planning the business for very modest growth. So we were at less than 1% this year. I think 1% or less is a good planning assumption going forward. And in recognition of that, we are focused on costs that are consistent with that environment. And so I think that, at least for the near-term, is the new normal we're working with.
Lynn J. Good: So Steve, what we have agreed to do is shift the filing of the case, really in recognition of the work load that the staff has in addressing the Dominion case, the Progress case and the Duke following. And in connection with that shift, we'll be filing to defer O&M depreciation return on Cliffside and Dan River and then put that deferral into rates over a 5-year period. So this -- there's been precedent in the Carolinas for these deferral filings as you're trying to synchronize an in-service for the rate increase. So we have done this in previous cases. We did it for our Buck plant, for example. And so this is just part of trying to synchronize cost -- incurring costs with the rate mechanism.
Lynn J. Good: We're talking about a month. So in-service by the end of '12, roughly, and then rates would be in effect sometime later in '13.
Lynn J. Good: And so -- see, we gave a little visibility to this as we provided guidance for 2012. So it's the addition of customers, extension of contracts in both the Duke service territories -- historic legacy Duke, as well as the legacy Progress territory. So one that I would point to would be the co-ops in South Carolina. So this is a continuation of what we shared with you in 2011.
Lynn J. Good: Greg -- Steve, I want to say Greg because I think this transition year has taken on a life with certain investors and analysts. And I'm not trying to signal anything specific on transition or otherwise. We think 2013 is the first full year of the combined company. We've had 6 months to get things started, but we are not at a ramp rate on the merger synergies. And so we believe that represents a good starting point for the company and provides an appropriate base for us to grow on. And so, Greg -- or Steve, I don't know how to respond to the notion of transition or otherwise, just highlighting the items that I've talked about.
Lynn J. Good: I think those are a couple of good examples, Michael. Another one that I know a number of focus on are things like pension costs. In a low interest rate environment, that also can be a bit of a headwind. But I think as Jim indicated, we are looking at the total complexion of our O&M. The synergies gave us a great opportunity to identify areas we can save costs, and we're looking for ways to maintain a very modest trajectory in O&M growth as we go forward to really match what we see as top line growth potential.
Lynn J. Good: So Michael, we're optimistic that the commission will approve the settlement by the end of the year. There's no specific procedural schedule that would indicate that they must, but we're optimistic that they will rule by the end of the year. And then we have trackers, as you know, in Indiana that would be considered along with the settlement. And the trackers would, first of all, put into rates the return on the invested capital and then we would -- we are intending to file a tracker to pick up in-service, which would be the O&M and depreciation. So those will be filings, the in-service filing will occur shortly, and the other trackers are already under consideration by the Commission.
Lynn J. Good: Probably, I would say, a quarter or 2 following in 2013. Michael, the procedural schedule on these trackers are every 6 months typically.
Lynn J. Good: Hugh, we're not in a position to estimate this at this point. I think a couple of things need to happen. First of all, the program needs to be approved, and that's going -- that's scheduled to occur in 2013. And then we'll have to evaluate how that impacts market prices. And this is not the only item that would impact market prices. There's supply, demand, there are new resources coming on in Brazil. As you know, they have increased growth in demand of electricity. Hydrological conditions could impact prices as well. So we need to step back and evaluate all of these things before we can give you any clarity on impact.
Lynn J. Good: We'll certainly update you in February. And I think this will be ongoing as we see how these rules are finalized.
Lynn J. Good: Yes. Hugh, we are on track and see success not only in generating joint dispatch savings, but also in fuel flexibility. I think for the first quarter through September, we'll be filing in the next week some specifics on that first quarter impact. You'll have an opportunity to see that when it's filed. We'd expect the joint dispatch savings to ramp up over time, and similarly fuel. We have about 65% of our commitment on fuel under contract at this point and that, as we burn the coal, that will then flow to customers.
Lynn J. Good: Kit, as I look at Slide 13, we try to give you positive and negative impact in the quarter. I would point to rate cases, I'd point to synergies, I'd point to costs as being important items. Certainly, the economy is something that we'll be focused on. So I'm not intending to give relative magnitude on any of them at this point. We'll give you a full discussion in February. But there are a number of important items on this page.
Lynn J. Good: Ali, we've been growing the dividend at 2% really since 2009 to bring ourselves into the payout ratio. As we look forward, we'll be balancing that dividend policy with capital spending and growth aspirations, and we'll give you more specifics on dividend in February. But we're committed to growing it. It's an important part of our value proposition, and we're focused on growth into the future.
Lynn J. Good: Ali, I'd like to jump back in on sensitivity on 1%. I misspoke. It's $100 million pretax, $65 million net income.
