James Rogers: Thank you, Stephen. Good morning, everyone, and thank you all for joining us today. We appreciate your interest and investment in Duke Energy. During today's call, we will provide you review of our quarterly earnings followed by an update of one, our pending merger with Progress Energy; two, our major construction program; three, our proposed Electric Security Plan in Ohio; and four, our base rate case filings in the Carolinas. These initiatives are positioning the company for long-term stability and earnings growth in the future. I will also update you on Edwardsport and discuss a proposal we filed with the Indiana Commission in April. It is an equitable proposal and provides a path forward on this important project. Finally, I will end the call with some observations on the most recent EPA ruling and the NRC Task Force review of the events at Fukushima. Today, we reported second quarter 2011 adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.33. That compares to $0.34 in the prior year's quarter. With the second quarter, we continued our positive momentum from the first quarter. The company's largest business segment, U.S. Franchised Electric and Gas, achieved solid performance due in part to its new generation investments in the Carolinas and Indiana. This helped offset less favorable weather and higher operations and maintenance costs primarily related to storm restorations. Duke Energy International delivered strong results, as did Commercial Power despite the financial impact of 2010 customer switching in Ohio.  For the year, we are well on track to achieve our guidance range of $1.35 to $1.40 in adjusted diluted earnings per share. And as you all may recall, our third quarter is typically the most significant of the year. I am very pleased with our second quarter performance. We were well-positioned to execute on our business and financial plans for the remainder of the year. Now, I'll turn it over to Lynn, who will give more detail on our financial results for the quarter.
James Rogers: I think historically, the Ohio Commission has structured different plans for each of the companies of the state. And there is one that's been designed for FirstEnergy, for instance, Dayton. And now they're in the process of working on a plan for AEP. We have presented a plan that in my judgment as I said during our prepared remarks that really threads the needle between the FirstEnergy plan and AEP's proposed plan. And we believe it's in the best interest of our customers over the long term. And I think that is very important, as we look at the forward curves on power in the region. And again, it's about providing affordable, reliable, clean and safe electricity over the long term. We believe we have a proposal that works for our customers over the long term. So again, it's important to watch what happens with the developments of AEP, and we are, of course. But I would urge you to remember that historically, there have been very different plans for each utility in the state.
James Rogers: My belief is that we probably need approval in the October-November time frame to be able to do that. But in the event that we don't get it until later, as you know, we keep our existing plan in place until we're able to implement the new proposal.
James Rogers: I believe that this commission has acted timely. There has already been a significant transition of new commissioners, new chairman. But I don't think they've missed a beat in terms of addressing issues before them. So we are confident that they will act in a timely manner.
James Rogers: I think first and foremost, 74% of the rate increase is really tied to our capital program that's been preapproved by the commission. And that is really a very important statistic with respect to kind of the recovery. And I would suggest that this merger that we had proposed, when it goes into effect and we had joint dispatch, that will mitigate some of this increase that we're expecting up from the approval of the rate increase in North Carolina.
James Rogers: I guess the only point I'd make is, is that as we went into this rate case in the test year, we had basically have kept our O&M cost flat for 4 years, as I said earlier, in anticipation of this case. So we're able to demonstrate to the commission that we have acted very prudently during this period of holding our costs down, knowing there's going to be at a rate increase coming. And even prior to that, we went to the commission to get approval, so we can invest in energy efficiency so that we could help our customers reduce their usage as prices go up. So again, we've been very sensitive to our customers because they are at the heart of our business. And we want to make sure that we're doing these increases in a way that allows them to handle them comfortably, as comfortably as they can during this period of modernization of our generation and distribution system.
James Rogers: I think what's important to know is that Progress has provided updates to the NRC and the Florida PSC on status of Crystal River 3. More detailed engineering and construction and analysis needs to be completed by Progress, and they are currently undertaking those responsibilities. The Florida PSC is working to establish the proposed hearing schedule. We'll continue to monitor all of this very closely. And this is an issue that is very important that Progress, and ultimately the new Duke Energy, addresses in an appropriate way. And I have every confidence that we will, balancing the interests of our customers in Florida as well as our investors in the new Duke Energy.
James Rogers: I would say the conclusion to draw is if the period expired, and so the DOJ has no opposition to this. And I'm certain that the FERC, in their deliberations may have their own specific tests that they undergo, will take notice of the fact that, that period has expired in their own deliberations.
James Rogers: I think that -- we're working on settlement today, both with respect to the merger application as well as starting conversations with our customers with respect to the rate case. And so it's difficult for me to predict kind of the timing of when we're able to kind of bring those 2 cases to a constructive close through a negotiated settlement. But clearly, that's our objective going forward.
James Rogers: Well, I think the important thing is, if the auction is going to be around energy, and people would bid in to that energy auction. And they, in all likelihood, will not back it up with capacity, and that the capacity that we have in our capacity charge will basically be the backstop in the event they can't deliver the energy in a timely manner.
James Rogers: No, it just means I have to go to market and meet they're requirements that they've committed to us. And quite frankly, as you talk to the various suppliers, they all say they have the capability to provide load following energy without lining up capacity.
James Rogers: Well, based on the current status of the case, we believe that the pending request that we have with respect to quip will be resolved when the commission acts on Phase 1 and Phase 2 of the procedural schedule, which in all likelihood is the first quarter of next year.
James Rogers: No, no, that's -- appreciate the question. We view these as on 2 separate tracks. And basically, we would push back against any effort to try to tie these 2 together going forward.
James Rogers: We are talking to the parties. Again, this is a what I call a rate-based case, with such almost 3/4 of it tied to actual capital expenditures that have been preapproved by the commission. So this is, in many senses in the word, there's not many moving parts, and it's pretty straightforward. And the debate will probably, in all likelihood, be around the return on equity. That's where the debate will be because virtually everything else is straightforward and speaks for itself.
James Rogers: I think, first, I've seen the articles but I've been seeing them for 5 years about every 3 to 6 months. One pops up and says we're selling this to that. But quite frankly, DEI has really saved our bacon in the first 2 quarters in terms of hitting our earnings targets. And there -- it is been a very successful operation, and we're not currently entertaining any offers or any discussions with respect to the purchase of those assets. They proved this year the value of diversity in earnings streams and has really allowed us to meet our earnings target because they have successfully stepped up and delivered.
James Rogers: That's a very -- it's actually a very good question, and actually, it's one of our concerns. As we evaluate the potential of taking a 5% to 10% interest, we've always said that we really need, and we continue to believe we need legislation in North Carolina that would allow us to try quip on a periodic basis. So that's kind of been -- and that's obviously, as you might imagine, part of one of the conditions that we put forward in making the offer and starting down the road that we've started down with them. But again and without any -- we've not done any true due diligence. We don't really know kind of what we would be buying into. We're working hard to avoid buying and pegging a poke, and we've structured it that way. And so my hope is, is that we can diligently work through this and see if there's an opportunity that really makes sense for our customers as well as for our investors. But more to come on all that, it's really too early to give you any more color on the current negotiation.
James Rogers: It's not totally clear to us. We're negotiating with Santee Cooper. And we have not, as I said earlier, we have not stepped into the due diligence process to know what the contractual relationship is between Santee Cooper and SCANA.
Lynn Good: Yes, Greg, I think it's fair that the returns are under pressure for the Ohio business. The one specific data point I would point you to is the seat filing for 2010 for all of Ohio, which would include generation and T&D would adjust above 7%. And so we would project to be below that in 2011. That's why as we think about constructing something in Ohio, we're very focused on ensuring that the returns that we earn are putting our proposal forward that puts us in a position to earn returns commensurate [ph] with the investments at stake.
Lynn Good: Michael, we are -- we have just begun some preliminary disclosure around the voluntary offering. We've informed employees that we will offer a voluntary program, the specifics of which will be communicated later in the year. We will then identify which pockets of the company will be eligible for the plan that will occur later in the year. So this is part of kind of preparing the company for the merger. And we'll have more specifics around expectations for '12, which will include O&M and the other moving parts to our numbers after the first of the year, as the company comes together.
Lynn Good: Michael, we have hearing dates for 5, 6 and 7 scheduled in November and December. I guess our planning expectation is that the commission would move through Phase 1, Phase 2 and then move through the IGCC trackers within the time frame that Jim just discussed. So it's probably early '12 for resolution of all of these matters.
Lynn Good: All right. I'll take that one. Jonathan, we've had a good experience over the years at DEI, experiencing diversification among the countries. And in this instance, Central America has actually had a dry season with thermal plants in the country and have experienced both higher volumes and higher margins. So it's the portfolio that worked this quarter.
Lynn Good: The only thing I would add to it is we have long been supporters of regional generation. This is an opportunity for regional generation in our service territory. This is a framework for us to look at taking an interest in the due diligence. It's something we'll be focused on over the next couple of months and have more clarity around that step, as we complete that work.
