Lynn J. Good: So, Claire, I'll take returns first. We expect this return to be consistent with other regulated investments. And so we're comfortable with where we are on return. And I would think about the financing of ACP as being managed through the overall financing of the company and then we do intend to put project financing in place at the time the project goes in service.
Lynn J. Good: We're committed to our FFO to debt metrics, Claire. And I think we've shared these ranges with you in previous calls. The cost increase for ACP, our responsibility is about half of that amount. And we believe we have tools within our company to manage through that transition.
Lynn J. Good: Claire, we're very early in the process. What I will share is that there has been strong interest. We've been watching this market for some time and are very familiar with it. The use of proceeds, I think we're too early to talk specifically about that. We haven't earmarked proceeds for any specific purpose. And of course, we'll update you as the sale process continues and give you a closer look at a financing plan as we come to the Street in February.
Lynn J. Good: I wouldn't be that specific at this point, Claire. We've just launched the process. So we need to work through it in order to have a sense of where the market is, the proceeds, the timing and all of those things. So that's where we are at this point.
Lynn J. Good: The only special thing I'd point to, Jonathan, is Michael is in the fourth quarter. The storm hit in October. So we'll be addressing Michael in the fourth quarter.
Lynn J. Good: Michael, I think we'll continue to watch. We've been surprised to the upside, which is a good thing, but we believe a 0.5% assumption is good to really establish the parameters around our cost structure and the way we manage the business. For every positive piece of economic news, there's something on the horizon, whether it's tariffs or rising interest rates and other things. So, we're really comfortable with 0.5% now and hope to surprise to the upside.
Lynn J. Good: Michael, I would say those storms have been a significant issue here in the Carolina. It's just the impact on the eastern part of the state. And there is a lot of interest to invest in infrastructure to support that region and to make smart investments to position the state for the future. So, I think hardening and resiliency is something that makes a lot of sense. And we're, of course, developing projects that we believe would support the infrastructure in the state. Taking lessons learned from these storms, but also looking at other areas of our grid that we think modernization could benefit customers.
Lynn J. Good: That's right. And so, Greg, what we're talking about is 4% compound number for 2019. And then by 2020, we believe we'll be up in that 5%, mid to high end of the range.
Lynn J. Good: So, Greg, I would say that the capital plan that we've put in front of the Street as well as the recovery mechanisms that go with that give us the confidence to deliver the results. And of course, cost management, load growth are also a part of that picture. And we believe we've been consistently demonstrating the ability to grow the company. This is the second full year of the portfolio that we now operate. Historically, we had some noise with international and other things. They're now two years in the rearview mirror. And my expectation is as we continue to execute, there will be greater confidence that we will deliver what we've set out. And so we're proud of the fact that we're delivering what we set out in terms of commitments this year. We delivered last year. We have adjusted with tax reform in a way that has been constructive not only to investors but to the balance sheet. And so, our assignment is to keep executing in a way that grows the company and maintains that balance sheet for the future and that is our focus.
Lynn J. Good: Well, grid investment is an important part of the strategy, Greg. And certainly, North Carolina is important to the overall results of Duke Energy because of the scale of those utilities, both DEC and DEP. As we've shared with you, we believe we have parallel paths to pursue, a legislative path or increased frequency of regulatory filings in order to achieve our financial results. We do believe, with the value proposition that grid investment represents, including the storm hardening that we just talked, that a recovery mechanism that is certain over a two to three year period with predictable investment and predictable impact to customers with value that goes with those predictable increases is a compelling business proposition and we'll continue to pursue, as I said, in both the legislative and regulatory process.
Lynn J. Good: Stephen, I think we are in discussions with customers in connection with this partial in-service trying to establish interim pricing. And our objective always is to find the right balance between meeting customer needs and delivering benefits and then returns to investors. We have reset price once and received approval of those prices. We believe this investment still represents the most cost-effective solution for our customers and we'll continue to be in dialogue with customers as we go forward. So, our focus right now is on partial in-service and establishing interim prices and we'll just continue to stay in touch with customers as the project continues.
Lynn J. Good: Stephen, I think it depends on the path that we take. I think in a legislative path, a stakeholder process will be important to have discussions around the type of investment, the timing, et cetera. You may recall, we reached a partial settlement with certain environmental stakeholders as part of the DEC case that set a term, a cap, pilots for targeted under grounding and then specific investments around batteries, EV, et cetera, self-optimizing technologies, et cetera. So, I think as you think about a multi-year rate plan or if you were to think about some other method to establish a multiyear investment program, there would be some degree of sharing those investments and agreement. We don't contemplate that it would necessarily be required pre-approval on individual projects because we're talking about a number of small things that accumulate over time, but we, of course, are early in the process of making those changes. Under a pure regulatory path, you make the investments and demonstrate benefits and those become a part of your cost of service and you would think about those in a traditional way. Let me just close by saying, we are in discussion around these investments and the benefits they can deliver to customers, both with regulators and with stakeholders. And that process will continue. We think those investments are very important to the state and to our customer base. And so, those conversations will continue.
Lynn J. Good: I would think about it more within the context of the plan, Steve. We did have renewable capital in our plan in February. And actually, the way we approached it is we put all of the capital in the Commercial business, recognizing that it could either be in the utility or the commercial business depending on how we win, but we put the capital in the Commercial Renewables segment. So, given the timeline of House Bill 589 and the fact we'll know more after the first of the year, we'll continue to update capital and share that with you in February. But I would think about it at this point as part of the overall capital plan that we shared with you.
Lynn J. Good: Praful, we are financing in the short-term with commercial paper, short-term financing methods, and we will convert to longer term at the right time. We'll be filing, as Steve indicated, for a deferral at the end of the year and would like to match long-term financing with the recovery mechanisms that are in place. We're always mindful of the impact to customers. And so, we have tools like excess deferred taxes that have not yet been fully dealt with in the Carolinas. Securitization, as you mentioned, is always a tool. So, our plans will continue to mature on this over the balance of this year into next.
Lynn J. Good: We haven't earmarked proceeds from Commercial Renewables at this point, Praful. Early in the process, don't yet know what the value is going to be, timing, etcetera, but you can think about that as a tool, right, within the company at large, of an inflow of cash. So, we'll consider all of these things and really be in a position to give more feedback on specific financing plans in February.
Lynn J. Good: Praful, those comments were within the context of why not raise 0.5%. So, we believe 0.5% is a very good planning assumption as we look at the profile of our business, where we're located geographically, the attractive nature of the service territories, et cetera. But large economic shocks, if we were to ever get to that point, would be something we'd need to check and adjust, but there's nothing unique to Duke Energy, as I talk about that. So, as I think about long-term growth, 0.5% is load growth assumption. Aggressive cost management will continue to be a part of the equation. And then, the capital plan that we've put in front of you with rate increases or recovery mechanisms that are in place across our jurisdiction will be the other driver.
Lynn J. Good: Shar, I appreciate that question. We did put an assumption in, but I think to use your terminology, it's going to be closer to a base assumption than it is to a we-buy-everything assumption. And as I have said a moment ago, we're beginning to – we're early in the process. The bids are in. The administrator will be reviewing bids. We'll begin to have some visibility to this process in the first quarter and that would be the time for us to update. We see the nature of the projects, we see the returns that are implied, and I think they represent great opportunities for us, but we'd be evaluating those returns against the other investment opportunities we have and making good decisions about it. So, to close, I would say that the capital that's in there is more of a base assumption.
Lynn J. Good: Shar, at this point, we're comfortable with the plans we've put in front of you on equity, the equity raise we did this year. Our ongoing assumptions around about $350 million of equity a year, we think that positions the company really well, strikes the right balance between balance sheet and growth. And so, I would think about that incremental capital as being evaluated as part of our total investment plan. And we'll continue, as I said, to provide updates on what we think the future holds. But right now, I'm comfortable with the equity plan we have in place and our ability to absorb upside on the renewables as we look at the total collection of capital that we're planning to spend as a company.
Lynn J. Good: Ali, I would say weather and volumes on the upside, really being offset by storm expense is the way I would look at it. So, we've had very strong weather in volumes, but we've also had the hurricanes to absorb.
Lynn J. Good: Ali, we haven't made a decision around base year. We've been working off of 2017. As you know, we've continued to emphasize that, as outlined on slide 11. So, we'll make that evaluation as we go forward, but you should be comfortable that we're talking about a range that works off of the 2017 base.
Lynn J. Good: Michael, I would think about the South Carolina cases as mirroring, in many ways, what we tried to accomplish in North Carolina. So, the same drivers and approach, trying to focus on grid investment, but also receiving recovery of historic investments, it'll be the same approach in South Carolina. We did point out on this call that we were successful in achieving a deferral of the grid investment, which we view as a positive step in South Carolina. And then in terms of other rate cases, Florida will automatically reset with the Citrus, the solar and the grid investment. Midwest also will continue to reset, but you can expect us to file cases next year. Piedmont potentially, Indiana potentially, and then with the in service date of Western Carolinas, that's a good date to watch for the Duke Energy progress case.
Lynn J. Good: Great. Thank you. And thank you again for your interest and investment in Duke Energy. We look forward to seeing many of you in the upcoming EEI Conference next week. So thanks again.
Steven K. Young: I think as we go into the fourth quarter, you're looking at milder weather and that impact there will pick up the gas distribution business. I don't think there's anything unusual that we're looking at in the fourth quarter. Some of the variations per quarter are hard to predict. Tax optimization efforts, as an example, that came through in the third quarter. In certain years, they have come through in a fourth quarter. So, I wouldn't look to anything negative that's occurring necessarily in the fourth quarter, Jonathan.
Steven K. Young: I think the underlying industrial sales growth number will continue to improve as we move out and lap, if you will, some of the unique perturbations there. We saw very strong industrial growth for this particular quarter, as I mentioned, across the entire enterprise of 1.8%. I don't know that we're going to see that as an ongoing mechanism – ongoing number going forward. But we do see strength in our residential customers, a good bit of diversity across the enterprise. I don't have a full year number. I think the overall 0.5% is very solid, but that combines residential with it and commercial as well. So, no specific number yet on what I'd see industrial on a run rate, but it's improving on the 12-month carrying. And I think that'll continue for a few quarters.
Steven K. Young: Again, we're looking at 0.5% sales growth weather normal across our footprint and that's all customer classes. We continue to think that's a reasonable number to bake into our forecasting over our longer term plans.
Steven K. Young: We will make application for the official deferral order in the near-term. We are – in the third quarter, we incurred the costs associated with Hurricane Florence. And as I said, we've deferred $370 million of the O&M costs related to that and the deferrals based upon past history and practice. We'll make those official filings later this year.
Steven K. Young: What I might mention here on tax law changes is we had some fixed price contracts in our wholesale business, gas and electric, whereby the pricing doesn't change necessarily due to tax changes. So that brings some benefits in. And then, there's just tax optimization we're working through the various structures that we have in place across our footprint that'll provide some benefits. I don't have a breakout right now between those, but those are the two factors that lead to it.
Steven K. Young: And I'd add that the use of tax equity financing and back leverage and so forth helps on minimizing the investment on Commercial Renewables.
Steven K. Young: A couple of things I'd point at. We've got a long history of earning well on our regulated rate basis, in the 10%, 10.5% range. Through periods of having rate cases, not having rate cases, we've been able to utilize cost efficiencies, expansion of wholesale sales to – and rate cases to make that happen through various differing circumstances. There certainly is an element of lag as you build your investment base between rate cases. That's natural to occur. It'll vary depending up on the regulatory mechanisms in place and the timeframes between rate cases. But we're working to reconstruct the regulatory recovery mechanisms and minimize lag as much as possible.
Steven K. Young: Well, it's looking at the investment base growing and our ability to convert that into revenues through the regulatory processes, in addition to organic load growth and renewables business, all of that combined. But on the regulated side, it's the investments and the ability to efficiently incorporate that into revenues at typical allowed types of returns, as we have demonstrated at our ability to do for many years.
Steven K. Young: In 2018, we're tracking to be right at our target for O&M, exclusive of the storm costs. And again, our broad target for O&M is to keep it flat throughout our planning horizon. And I think we have the capabilities to do that, hopefully do better than that, as we advance capabilities and data analytics and rolling out digital technology capabilities across our footprint with our scope and scale, I think we have great abilities to control O&M.
