Lynn Good: Sure. And, Stephen, thanks for that question. I think the Governor has been very clear about his expectations in the form of his executive order that set a target of a 70% carbon reduction by 2030. He has been directing the stakeholder process throughout 2020 through his Cabinet Secretary Regan to oversee it. And I would say that that stakeholder process has been a robust one, broad range of people involved and has made significant progress over the course of the year, identifying and aligning around common goals. So transitioning the generation fleet over time, developing regulatory mechanisms that would incent that transition. And so, I also believe that kind of points to broad support for critical infrastructure investment, that will drive jobs and economic development, of course, achieve carbon reduction and achieve resiliency for the state. So I believe the next steps on this will be a shaping and updating of energy policy in North Carolina. If you look historically about the way that has happened Stephen, it's always been led by stakeholders coming together to achieve common goals in a bipartisan way. Governor, of course, weighing in with his expectations, stakeholder shaping the way to get there. And we see that process maturing in 2021 and expect that we, of course, will play a pivotal role in implementing that energy policy in a way that meets all of these objectives. I think the IRP is very complementary to that stakeholder process, because it puts in front of the commission a variety of options on how those policy objectives could be achieved. And we would expect a review by the commission and, of course, any input or feedback that they would have. And I think the combination of both of these processes will give us more clarity in 2021 on how we will move forward. But I would emphasize, again, the alignment of stakeholders to achieve common objectives has always been the foundation of movement on energy policy in North Carolina and we would expect the same to be the case here. 
Lynn Good: And so, Stephen, as you know, we put some incremental CapEx in the five-year plan really underpinned by what we're seeing here in this generation transition. We have not changed the financing plans that we shared with you in February. We continue to plan to issue DRIP and ATM equity in 2021 and 2022. As we get to the back end of that five-year plan and really build the momentum to accelerate rate base growth, I would expect for us to have a modest level of DRIP/ATM equity in the plan. We think that coupled with cost mitigation, regulatory support and other elements that drive cash flow, would balance the needs of shareholders and creditors. So we will provide that complete update on financing in February, but your mind should go to the modest DRIP/ATM level as we think about the way we underpin this growth investment going forward. 
Lynn Good: That's very fair, Stephen. If you -- on the slide that Steve walked you through, we updated capital from $50 billion to $56 billion in February. And that financing plan underpins that $56 billion, which is really the foundational element of the spending. With additional $2 billion and then ramping to $65 billion to $75 billion towards the back end is where we'll really be focused on your question initially. And we will be updating that. We should be thinking about the modest DRIP in ATM as the first place we would go to support that accelerated growth toward the back half of the planning period. 
Lynn Good: And so, Shar let me go to the last part of the question first. And that is, if we do receive the Dominion order from the NCUC, we do not intend to issue equity to cure the impact of a difficult rate order. So that is the headline answer to that question. I think we will wait to hear from both of these parties, the Supreme Court and the NCUC on coal ash in December early January. I do not expect that, we will be reaching settlement on coal ash. I think all parties are interested in hearing what the court and commissions have to say. But as I've said many times, we believe that coal ash is a recoverable cost, the NCUC does as well. We also believe that we are entitled to earn a return on costs that are collected over a long period of time consistent with the precedence of rate making in the state and also consistent with the requirements of strong credit for the utility. So we will await this ruling later this year. 
Lynn Good: Those are good questions, Shar, and I do believe that legislation could spring from this clean energy process and the recommendations coming out of the report, to not only set some parameters around transition of the fleet, but also those regulatory reform changes that you're talking about. The objective of the regulatory reform would really be to incent and enable the energy policy in the state. And to the extent, it reduces regulatory lag it is good. It is good for customers. It is good for investors and that will be an objective, as we talk about, the way regulatory reform would play out. I think about grid investment in particular. It's so important to this transition. And grid investment needs a different regulatory model than what we have here in North Carolina, and there's a lot of good discussion going on about that as part of these processes.
Lynn Good: Okay. All right. I'm sorry. Yeah. So building on your comment about strategic things for the company our focus is on the strategy of clean energy transition. It's on the strategy of building the stakeholder support in the Carolinas, as we move forward on regulatory reform and infrastructure investment. And so our focus is on driving that organic growth which we're -- we believe is extraordinary not only in terms of rate base investment, but customer growth and thriving jurisdictions. So that's what I would say our focus is on Julien. And we feel like the future is bright, as we've laid out here and we'll continue to build on as we give you more insight in February.
Lynn Good: Yes. It's a good question Julien, because a lot of things have been discussed. And I think it's been a good exchange of information, feedback, education, points of view being shared. I think at the top level the regulatory reform is really focused on, how can we incent the development of this critical infrastructure and the associated reduction in carbon, so things like multiyear rate plans are being discussed, decoupling is being discussed. And we believe there's a lot of interest in those types of tools in order to move this forward. Performance-based rate making would be another thing that I would point to because you can tie achievement of certain outcomes to performance-based rate making. So those are the things, I would point to at this point. And as the processes continue you may recall there are two pieces; carbon policy in one, regulatory reform in the other. Carbon policy will find its way to the governor's desk by the end of the year. Regulatory reform will also be kind of wrapping up in that time frame. And as we reach critical milestones, we'll update of course along the way. 
Lynn Good: Steve, I would say that historically energy policy in North Carolina has moved in a bipartisan way. And the benefit of having diverse stakeholders together is you have voices from the business community, from the manufacturing community, from low income, from the environmental constituents. You've got the administration at the table as well.  And I believe critical infrastructure focused not only on environment, but on job creation has a durability or an appeal to both sides of the aisle. And I believe we'll play a role in working with both sides to bring that intersection together. So we approach this with great optimism and enthusiasm from the alignment we've been able to be a part of in 2020 and we'll keep the conversations going. 
Lynn Good: It's interesting. Steve, if you look at the IRP, we've got everything from a base plan to the more aggressive early retirements of coal and so on. That base plan can be executed immediately because it's within the regulations in North Carolina. It has renewable investment. It has storage investment and a variety of things. So there's a lot that can be done without any changes. I think as we look at some of the more new technologies like offshore wind and other things like that having some legislative support around achieving those targets and embracing those technologies I think would be helpful to any investor in the state as well as to the commission.  So you can think about that IRP as providing a menu of options and we can get going even absent changes on the transition up to -- I think that base plan is a 50% to 55% carbon reduction under existing statutes. 
Lynn Good: So in the Carolinas, Anthony, the regulatory structure is still a rate base -- rate case-type structure. I think as we think about this regulatory reform multi-year rate planning, decoupling, performance-based rate making are in the conversation and our hope and expectation is there will be some adjustment to that regulatory process. We have not laid out any specific timing for rate cases. We have just finished a rate case here in 2020. So you would not expect us to come in the short-term. 
Lynn Good: And on the second part of the question around constraints Anthony we always plan capital within what I would call a reasonable expectation of impact to customer price. So, as we talked about in the integrated resource plan discussion the base plan is about a 1% increase in customer rates per year. As you get more aggressive it could go up to 2.5%. That includes offsets for fuel and O&M and so on that would be a part of the transition. So, we always keep an eye on price. And in addition to those tools of fuel and O&M that will come naturally from transitioning to generation we also continue to very aggressively drive costs out of the business through digitization through changes in process all forms of automation. And that will continue to be an objective to keep prices low for customers. 
Lynn Good: And what we're trying to do Jeremy as we've said a couple of times is this load continues to represent a headwind in 2021. We do not see it quite back to 2019 based on our projections although we would be delighted to be surprised to the upside. We'll keep costs under control consistent with that weakness in the top line as we think about 2021.
Lynn Good: Jonathan we continue to see a lot of project opportunity and a pipeline of contracts and projects under development. We have targeted $200 million to $250 million of net income over the five-year period. And we have a clear line of sight to achieving that during the five years. So, we feel very good about the business. When you couple that expertise with the renewables that we're building in the regulated business I feel like the team is doing a good job of understanding the integration of the resources how to develop and build them cost effectively. And so that's what you can expect kind of a $200 million to $250 million contribution from commercial renewables going forward. 
Lynn Good: Thank you, Savanna and thanks to everyone who joined. We're looking forward to talking with many of you if not all of you next week in our Virtual EEI Meeting. So, thanks again for joining and thanks for your investment in Duke Energy.
Steve Young: Yeah. The only thing, I might add is that, we'll look to see the impact of the customer growth. We're seeing the highest customer growth numbers we've seen in several years in the Carolinas and Florida. So perhaps that can give us a pickup as well.
Steve Young: You're right. We don't have that specificity now, but whatever we anchor to we're going to have a growth trajectory from that point forward that I think is going to be very clear in -- throughout the period that we're projecting forward on. 
Steve Young: Yes, I think that would ultimately happen. What you'd see here if you saw an increase in the federal tax rate people have talked about moving from 21% to 28%. It would just move in the opposite direction of what we did in 2018. You would see the holding company tax shield be more beneficial to the tune of $0.05 or $0.06 per share at the operating company levels. Once enacted the higher tax rate, we would start deferring the additional income tax expense. And then we'd work with regulators on increasing the rates to reflect the increase in the tax expense, which is the opposite of what we did back in 2018 through 2020. And now that would result in an increase in cash flow and would help FFO there. We estimate that type of impact would be in the neighborhood of 2% to customer rates, but they've seen larger decreases as we've implemented the 2018 Reform Act. So, I do think it provides cash flow benefits in that fashion.
Steve Young: Yes. I think absolutely we've got a long history of utilizing various levers whether it's O&M cost controls, expanding wholesale sales just working -- optimizing our regulatory schedule to earn our allowed return on our growing rate base. And so we'll continue to employ those tools as we go forward regardless of any particular rate outcome. 
Steve Young: Right. And I'd agree with that. In the Carolinas, we're working to put it into place some mechanisms that help incent as Lynn said this growing investment profile that we have going forward. Our gas businesses in the Midwest and Florida we have mechanisms in place and they work very well for us whether it's rider mechanisms or multiyear rate planning or decoupling on the gas side. So, we're very familiar with those. We're advancing the ball in the Carolinas with this dialogue. And I think we'll make some progress as we move forward. 
Steve Young: Sure. Lynn had mentioned and I had mentioned outages as being one thing that potentially could put some upward pressure on O&M going forward. We'll also look at variable compensation. That's another area that we have a flex on that could see an increase in 2021. So, we'll continue to look at that. I'd say those are a couple of areas there. When you think about our O&M trajectory as a whole we started back in 2015 at $5 billion of non-recoverable O&M if you will. And in 2019 that was at $4.9 billion and that included absorbing $280 million to $300 million at Piedmont because they were acquired during that period of time. That gives you an idea of the savings that we've been able to generate through this very concerted effort of business transformation. We're going to come in lower in 2020 because of all of the tactical efforts that we've put in place to replace the top line revenue loss. That will move up in 2021 but I suspect the downward trajectory is going to continue in 2021 over 2019. We'll be firming that up as we go forward. But our sustainable reductions will continue. I do believe that.
Steve Young: Yes, I'd agree with that. We are starting to firm up what we can -- what we've learned from COVID on cost reductions and we'll continue to drive that out and that's always helpful to our plan. So, we'll be continuing to push on this and drive more detail as we go forward. 
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Thanks for the time on you all. Hey. First a solitary question. Just wanted to see -- I haven't heard anything strategic here. But following media reports in recent weeks and months anything you can offer on strategic remarks? I'll just leave that open-ended. And then I've got some more substantive questions if I can.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yeah. I just wanted to see if there's anything that you would offer on that front, because no one's asking thus far.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: No, I appreciate that. Just wanted to make sure. All right. So back to perhaps more substantive measures. Perhaps as you think about the transitioning here from the Clean Energy Plan and the reports of the governor, what pieces are resonating as best you can tell thus far with that stakeholder group? And I know we're still a few weeks away, but as you would in an attempt to try to capture the preponderance of different views here what are those regulatory buckets for reforms that are still on the table versus perhaps those that may be less relevant today? If you can try to capture that if you don't mind.
