Steven K. Young: Well, I think there will be. We've seen a few customers, about three customers that have had some closings or some outages. I don't want to give any customer information that's specific. We've seen that in the Midwest and in the Carolinas. I will give that information. But we think these are singular, and we think the economic health of our service territories are good, they're good places to do business, and we're seeing economic projects landing in our footprint. And I do think that as we move forward, we'll be lapping, if you will, quarters where these outages began. So, I think we'll see some uplift in the industrial load as we move to the last half of the year because of just that fact.
Steven K. Young: Yeah, so I would add that controlling O&M costs is essential every day, and it gives us headroom to make more capital investment for our customers that are beneficial at lower rates. So, we work at that every day.
Steven K. Young: I agree. We'll look at our capital plan. We have an extensive capital optimization process where we look across jurisdictions and functions and try to find the optimal placing of capital. And we'll continue that process but we'll have further updates later.
Steven K. Young: I believe they would be after bids have been selected and winners of bids have been selected that some of those types of transactions might subsequently occur.
Steven K. Young: We do have an appetite for using tax equity in our deals. Shoreham was the first that we've executed on. And there is a market out there for tax equity. There is the tax appetite there and that's useful to us in our Commercial Renewables business. So we'll continue in that direction.
Lynn J. Good: Jonathan, we put all of the renewables capital in one place in the five-year plan, so it's under Commercial Renewables and it's about $1.5 billion over the five-year period. The 589 RFP will close September 11, so in the third quarter or fourth quarter, we should have more clarity on that and we will be bidding into it as I know others will. We have the opportunity to win up to 30%, but also have an opportunity to buy beyond that if we think the economics work for us.
Lynn J. Good: And I think the other point to note on that, Jonathan, is because it's in Commercial, we would expect investment beyond North Carolina in those numbers, right. So, as we continue to pursue commercial development. So everything is in there and as we get more clarity on how the RFP plays out and so on, we'll of course update those numbers. So, there could be some upside potential, but I think the $1.5 billion is a good planning assumption.
Lynn J. Good: Yeah. So Claire, we're evaluating the case in South Carolina and as you know from our history, we typically have investments impacting both of our jurisdictions similarly. So, you can think about a South Carolina case perhaps later this year, towards the end of the year that would then be – go through the process in 2019.
Lynn J. Good: Claire, we have talked about our strategic priority on grid for some time and described that as being a parallel process between the regulatory and the legislative arena. We have a number of options that we're considering. And our objective is to continue to advance the dialogue. We think there are great customer benefits, economic benefits and our role will be to continue to engage with customers and stakeholders to build momentum for what we're trying to achieve. And so, I think what I would leave you with on this is our strategic priority around this has not changed and the work continues and as we have more clarity about specific tactics that we'll pursue, we'll discuss them with you at that time, but it remains front and center priority for us here in the Carolinas.
Lynn J. Good: The ACP is an important investment into the Carolinas to support the Piedmont system, and we have capital in the plan in connection with that expansion that is part of the ordinary course business of supporting the Piedmont system. So, I don't have anything specific that I would point to, but our hope and expectation is that with that additional mainline pipe into the Carolinas that we will see further expansion opportunities with industrials and new customers in that Eastern part of the state that will continue to drive investment.
Lynn J. Good: I think about the partial settlement in the DEC case as being an indication of our ability and willingness to sit down with stakeholders, to come up with collaborative approaches. I think it's particularly important as you think about policy and investment strategies and you've seen us in the Carolinas with Renewables, with HB 589 and South Carolina with solar with Senate Bill 236, you saw the partial settlement in the DEC case and I think engagement of stakeholders is an important part of progressing any strategic objective and our approach here will be to continue to advance the dialogue in the Carolinas around grid investment. We have a number of options, more frequent rate cases, regulatory arena, legislation and we will be focusing on all of those. The strategic priority of achieving an outcome remains key to us and our work continues.
Lynn J. Good: Chris, it hasn't changed. Our assignment here is to execute the plan that we've put in front of you and that's exactly what we're doing. And I think the track record we've demonstrated here in 2018, whether it's on rate case execution or tax reform resolution or the balance sheet and credit metrics, we've executed across all of those things and that process will continue. And so, we look into 2019 with investments and rate activity, Atlantic Coast Pipeline. We have a number of things that are in front of us and I would summarize our job is to execute and that's where our focus is.
Lynn J. Good: Chris, keeping a focus on productivity and cost while maintaining a focus on operational excellence and serving customers is our job every day. And as we look at what's in our plan, we're planning for O&M to be flat over the period, and have demonstrated our agility around O&M over the last several years, as we have responded to impacts in our business, and we feel like we have a good track record of doing that, and we will exercise that agility if need be. And as I said a moment ago, that's part of execution in my mind.
Lynn J. Good: Nothing specific on portfolio management, Praful, but demonstrating organic growth is – I'd just like to emphasize that as part of execution, so this is getting this grid investment to work, it's delivering the benefits to customers, delivering returns, continuing to grow the dividend. That I would put at the top of the list of strategic priorities for the company.
Lynn J. Good: So, the grid rider is not the only way, Andrew, I would say, and we will always pace our investment in a way that makes sense for the recovery strategy. That's part of capital optimization that Steve talked about a moment ago. And so, our work continues here to pursue appropriate next steps. We'll keep the dialogue going, bringing stakeholders together on the way forward. But we'll look at capital relative to the tactical plan around recovery and make the appropriate adjustments that we need to make.
Lynn J. Good: When I think about September 11, RFP closes, there'll be some reviewed analysis. I would assume following that, winners would be announced subsequently. Then, we have an opportunity to perhaps purchase some. We'll see where we performed in the RFP. So, this will play out over the next couple of quarters, it's the way I would think about it Andrew.
Lynn J. Good: Well thank you everyone for your questions and your interest and investment in Duke Energy. We look forward to speaking with many of you over the days and weeks to come and look forward to a successful third and fourth quarter. Thank you.
