Lynn Good: Before closing, I thought I would briefly comment on the EPA's recently proposed rules for regulating carbon dioxide emissions from existing power plant. Since issued in June, we have been evaluating this complex rule in engaging with our state regulators. We intent to remain actively engaged in the tool making process. We support policy that will result in reasonable decreases in greenhouse gas emissions overtime, while balancing impacts to our customers, the economies of our service territories and the reliability that our customers count on. We have made significant progress over the last decade in reducing the environmental impact of our generating facilities. We have invested over $9 billion in new generation. Allowing for the retirement of over half of our coal fleet. And our remaining coal units, we've invested over $7 billion on environmental control equipment. As a result, through 2013 we've reduced our carbon emissions by 20% from 2005 levels. Well also achieving two reductions of 84% and NOx reductions of 63% during the same time period. As we engage in this proposed regulation, our comments will focus on ensuring that this progress is recognized and that these investments continue to deliver value to our customers over the remaining useful life. It's important that our customers receive the full benefit of our early actions, not just actions since 2012. The treatment of nuclear both new and existing is also a clear area of focus for us. The complexity of this rule requires careful study and evaluation, not just of each potential building block, but the interaction of all elements together. We expect significant comments as well as legal challenges to the rule and we will remain engaged throughout the development of this important rule making. In closing and we are executing strategy in a thoughtful and disciplined way, that continues to build momentum and deliver value for our customers, communities and shareholders. And we are developing growth opportunities as we position the company for the future. Now I'd like to open the lineup for questions.
Lynn Good: Greg, the way I would respond to that is, we've had growth aspirations in the range of the $16 billion to $18 billion to underpin our 4% to 6% growth rate for some time and so we've been analyzing all of our strategic evaluations in the context of positioning the company to grow and so when we talk about, the strategic analysis of international, when we look at decision to strategically outfit the Midwest generation, all of that review has been within the context of better positioning the company to grow and deploy capital in the way, that it adds value. So I would think of all those things together and we will provide you with further updates on our thinking and progress on these initiatives as they occur.
Lynn Good: We haven't made any specific comments, Greg on that item. Let me just maybe give you a little bit of background. We did bring home $700 million in a very tax efficient format, in December of 2013, so that was $700 million basically a basis reduction initiative. We now have a $1.7 billion offshore and we are continuing to look for ways that we can put that cash to use in a tax sufficient manner, so that study is underway as part of the strategic analysis. So you can think of cash utilization supported the dividend and growth is being the three primary objective.
Lynn Good: To take the two questions, Dan we will continue to follow our traditional approach on guidance and updated in February, I think we've been in 3-year range for the last couple of years. So that we have provided capital for a 5-year period, so we will continue to update that. I think, the drivers for growth include capital investment and both the regulated business as well as load growth, cost efficiencies, additional renewable growth, which would be both regulated and non-regulated and so, as I think about variables, they can impact earnings over a short or a long-term period. Load growth comes to mind, ability that control cost come to mind and the efficiency and magnitude of capital deployment.
Lynn Good: The EPA rule that would be [indiscernible] Dan, is expected in December the designation of hazard or non-hazard I believe the timeline for that remains. The plans that we have put forward at this point, have us in a range of $2 billion to $2.5 billion for ash basin closure that's consistent with our historical range of waste disposal updated for the comprehensive plan that we put forward in March. So I think, there are couple of things to watch in terms of refinement of these numbers. One being, we will continue to develop power strategic approach for closure of all of the basins and we are targeting the end of this year. We also have the delay in the legislation in North Carolina, which could be finalized this year that would impact that. And then, I would expect all of these plans to come under review by the regulators in North Carolina over the years to come, which could continue to refine it. So I think, we will reach milestones over 2014 and 2015 for our plants here in the Carolina's and then, it will of course keep you updated as these milestones occur.
Lynn Good: So Jonathan, what I would add is, we were in line with our expectations for the first two quarters for Brazil and it's the items that Steve talked about, the lower contracting gave us the ability to take advantage of higher spot prices in the first two quarters.
Lynn Good: Jonathan, the incremental comment that we made, its incremental of the capital that we shared with you in February.
Lynn Good: We've been trying to increase that growth from the $16 billion to the $20 billion by identifying and pursuing these growth initiatives, so this is one of the key ones.
Lynn Good: Julien, it's premature to go into any more specifics on this, as we pursue the solicitation. We did pursue of course options, we were looking for transport capacity for the utilities, so were also looking for an ownership interest and so that will be a part of our ongoing discussions as we finalize, this solicitation, but I don't have anything more specific to share at this point.
Lynn Good: Julien, you may recall and it's actually in this slide deck as well in the appendix. We put forward a range of spending for North Carolina around the ash basins that began in the left hand side of the chart. I'm referring you to Slide 40 at this point, on the left hand side of the chart representing our historic numbers for waste environmental spending updated for the plans that we put forward in March, 2014 following Dan River. On the right hand side of the page, would be a full excavation of all ash and North Carolina as well as conversion to zero liquid discharge. There are expectations, is that we will end up somewhere in between those two numbers overtime and as I shared in the comments earlier in the call. Those final estimates will be revised as closure strategy and the methods are developed and approved. Right now based on the commitments that we've made, I would say we are in the range of the 2 to 2.5, but these numbers will be refined as additional work, engineering, science, approvals, etc proceed.
Lynn Good: I will say, all options are on the table, when we do a review of this sort looking for ways, that we can streamline the business, looking for ways we can drive growth, optimize cash, etc. so I would say all options are on the table at this point and as we progress and reach final conclusions will of course provide an update. We are targeting end of 2014, early 2015 at this point.
Lynn Good: Taking both of those, Michael on Florida. I think you've raised a key question on whether or not the investments that we've put forward represent the lowest cost option for customers and that will be the center piece of the regulatory review in August. We believe that, the process that we've undertaken, which include in RFP for the Citrus County combined cycle will support that what we put forward is the lowest option, but I think that will be the center piece of the regulatory proceeding that will occur, this month continuing through the final approval process. On market power, we report very closely at this. We do not see a market power issue with the NCEMPA transaction. A couple of things I would note, is we are acquiring generation and load of a comparable amount. So we are not acquiring excess generation and the fact, that we already operate these units has us in a position, where the dispatch of the units will not change as a part of the acquisition. So those are both, we believe key considerations in the market power analysis.
Lynn Good: No, Kit. Our process is been part of a strategic evaluation that we undertook at the end of last year continuing into this year and so we are moving forward with our decision, don't have any specific milestones to announce, except to say that process is continuing and we expect to close later this year or early 2015.
Lynn Good: No, we expect to finalize the review of the solicitation within the next few weeks, Kit and would make an announcement at that time.
Lynn Good: We think about the pipeline into North Carolina, is a very strategic investment for the company, Kit. We see it's being strategic not only the state of North Carolina but to electric supply and the State of North Carolina, as we continue to add gas. I think this will give us an important entry into pipeline and if you think back to the Spectra spin, Duke has had a history of interest in pipeline investment, but I'm not foreshadowing any strategic shift, what we'll focus on at this point is the North Carolina investment. I would say, the renewable have been a part of our story sometime. We continue to add to our commercial renewable business, as well as introducing renewables in our regulated jurisdiction. We see that as an increasingly important part of the portfolio and I think we mentioned in the call, that we have 400 MW of wind and 100 MW of solar under construction right now in support of our commercial businesses. Another 300 MW of solar, that we're negotiating under an RFP and North Carolina. So I would expect to see additional renewable investment in the years to come.
Lynn Good: You know, Kit that's a difficult question. We have to work with all stakeholders and all legislators, governors in our jurisdiction. So we are focused on running our businesses as well as we possibly can, we're also focused on making investments for the long-term value that we can deliver to our customers and we watch politics much like you do.
Lynn Good: Yes, we don't have a specific project that we'd point you to, one of the underpinning of the strategic review as we see headwinds in Latin America from currency and potential re-pricing that puts us in a position where the growth rate isn't as strong, as we like it to be. So we are undertaking the strategic review to look at all elements including growth and efficiency and utilization of cash, but we don't have any specific project that we would draw attention to today.
Lynn Good: Paul, what I would say is that the either the legislature has been delayed, I think it's difficult for us to speculate at this point about, either the timing of reconvening or the scope and approach of the legislature would take. I do think, there is a strong commitment on the part of General Assembly to get the legislation right and so they're being deliberate and thoughtful in their process. And we have given you some broad parameters around, how we think about the potential cost and the other things that I would indicate that you should keep in mind, with all of the ash, if this is going to play over a number of years. So even if you look at the existing profile of this Senate and House bills, there were targets over five years and 10 years and 15 years over deployment would be an over a very long period of time. So that's all I would say at this point and will of course keep you informed as progress occurs.
Lynn Good: Paul, I think you know getting back to this range of cost that we've included on Slide 40, so we have $2.5 million and this is just North Carolina, $2.5 million on one and $10 billion on another end. So the more expedition of ash, that could arrive will increase the cost. Again, timeframe is important five years, 10 years, 15 years to accomplish that. So I don't think, based on where we are right now. We can't give you any more specifics on, where we think it will end up, the legislation is been delayed and we will have more to report as it progresses.
Lynn Good: We believe that cost recovery for ash is under the review of the Carolina's commission, but that again is something that would be addressed over time.
Lynn Good: It contemplated in the range, Ali if you look at, I believe it would have been in first quarter. It's also on Slide 45 of this quarter's deck, you'll see sort of the makeup how we get to 4% to 6% and redeployment of proceeds is potential item to consider.Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Got it. Thank you very much.
Lynn Good: So thank you everyone for joining us today. We look forward to our third quarter call in early November and seeing many of you at the fall conference end of BEI [ph], so thanks again.
Steve Young: Yes, I would point out that roughly one half of the purchase price would be finance through Opco debt, so we are talking about roughly $600 million that would be of the equity piece that could be financed through cash or through HoldCo debt, I don't envision the need to issue common equity to deal with this.
Steve Young: And I would also add that, the expenditures related to this activity span many, many years. This is well over a decade to deploy these funds.
Steve Young: Well, Dan you've hit on the challenge of looking at quarterly data. Certainly the first quarter of 2014 was probably heavily influenced by weather. We tried to pull the impact of weather out, but that's as much hard as science. The second quarter, the results were lower in line with our forecast, but when you look at a 12-month rolling average, you see that we are around 1.6% growth. The broad economic indicators continue to improve and we look at unemployment number of customers added in our service territories household, median household incomes, those kind of things. Overall, we do feel like it is improving, but given the volatility that we continue to see quarter-to-quarter we are not ready to move beyond the 1% long-term growth. We will be updating our forecast normally in the fall and see what it looks like then.
Steve Young: Well our contracting strategy has paid off benefits so far in the first two quarters of 2014 as we mentioned. We are not in the position to predict, how the final two quarters will come out. We are out of the wet season. The reservoir levels are low, during the low 30% and this is the time of year, where they will decline will come into a new rainy season in the fall and that will be critical to the final results for the year. The contracting strategy of lowering should benefit as well throughout the year, but again it's hard to say where those reservoir levels are going to be and what hydro capacity is going to be available to serve the commitments we have at this time. We'll just have to wait and see.
Steve Young: Well, the first two quarters certainly are contracting strategy was beneficial to us and perhaps I'm not understanding your question. I don't know enough to predict the final two quarters.
Steve Young: I would think about the NCEMPA investment as giving is confidence in the 4% to 6% growth rate. It's the type of capital the discretionary type capital projects that we are pursuing and certainly this will provide earnings over its life of the wholesale contract with municipalities beyond, but I would say, it gives us confidence in the growth rate.
Steve Young: Michael, in terms of looking at our rate cases, we had a lot of activity in 2013 in the Carolina's and Ohio as well. So we don't have any base rate cases planned for a while. Our settlement in Florida, sets up a lot of trackers for significant cost, but keeps us out of base rates for a while. So we don't have any plans through 2016 for base rate increases. We may look at our Duke Energy Progress, South Carolina jurisdiction as a potential area. We'll keep an eye on that, but nothing in the near term given all the activity that we concluded in 2013.
Steve Young: Well, as we've said understand the value of the dividend to our overall proposition. We are now moving into our target range, we've been above at for a while. But that gives us as we've said, as time goes forward. We can continue to earn as we should, that should give us more flexibility and we will certain be looking at increasing the dividend growth rate. Ideally, we would like to get more in line with our earnings growth rate, but it remains to be seen when and how that happens.
Steve Young: Well, I think you can think about our businesses as a whole and kind of zero in on some things. We are going to need to build some new facilities in the Carolina's to meet load growth in the back end of the year, at 1.5% peak load growth, you're going to be growing 300 MW, 400 MW is the Carolina's every year. So every couple of years, you're going to need combined cycles or at least simple cycle CTs in the Carolina's. So there is a fair amount of generation that's going to come in that area, as well. So that will fill a lot of that gap there.
Steve Young: That's correct and also some other categories of spin that are in the total number compliance with EPA regulations. A lot of math work to be done in the next few years and a lot of nuclear related expenditures particularly related to Fukushima. So there is a number of those types of investments that help fill out the portfolio.
