James Rogers: Thank you, Stephen. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your interest and investment in Duke Energy. Today, we reported first quarter 2011 adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.39. That compares to $0.36 in the first quarter of 2010, an approximate 8% increase. Earnings at the company's Regulated Utilities were slightly lower for the quarter. U.S. Franchised Electric and Gas experienced higher earnings, resulting from the company's power plant investments and modernization program. But, as expected, this was offset by less favorable weather and higher operation and maintenance cost.  Strong results from Duke Energy International and reduced corporate cost contributed to the increase in adjusted diluted earnings per share. These results for the quarter create a solid foundation for the remainder of 2011, as we continue to execute on our business plan.  During today's call, Lynn will first review our quarterly earnings. Then, I will give you updates on, first, the merger with Progress Energy and related filings; second, our major construction projects, including the Edwardsport IGCC project and the procedural schedules in Indiana; and finally, our standard service offer in Ohio. I'll also spend a few minutes discussing the latest proposed environmental regulations from the EPA and the outlook for nuclear generation in light of the events in Japan.  Now I will turn it over to Lynn for a more in-depth discussion of our financial performance for the quarter.
James Rogers: Michael, my judgment is that they do have flexibility, with respect to the time line. Although there are some that argue that they don't, with respect to it. But I think it's up to them to make the decision, given the magnitude, the number of rules that are being proposed and subsequently implemented to give us enough time to do this in a way to smooth out the cost impact on customers and do our best to limit the cost increases associated with meeting their targets.
James Rogers: I think it does. I mean, think about it. In 1990, when the rule was passed, they had 5 years before they started compliance. Which gave us plenty of time to get ready. They have proposed 3 years now, on some of the rules. And so I think they have flexibility to push those rules out. Historically, it's been 5 years for compliance. Three is inconsistent with the way it's been in the past.
James Rogers: I think it's also important, Nathan, to keep in mind that we're going to be retiring more than 1,000 megawatts of older high-admitting generation and that was part of the modernization plan to get prepared to retire that. So at the end of the day, that reduces the cost associated with addressing the emissions issues associated with those old plants. Because the economics really drove us to say, at the end of the day, it's going to be better to retire than try to retrofit.
James Rogers: I think we are confident in our estimates. One of the issues that we're struggling with is labor productivity and that can alter it. But one of the things that we have done, as you know, is put a cap on the construction cost. And we were comfortable with putting a cap on it, primarily because we were comfortable with where we are. But if the labor productivity continues to be a problem, that, at the end of the day, won't translate into huge dollars. But it could translate in cost greater than our current estimate.
James Rogers: I think it's again, the labor productivity issue is really kind of month-to-month and it's hard for me to give you -- yes, we'll know at the end of this year, we'll know in February. It's having continuous steady productivity from our workers and that's been a problem in the past and I think we have it fixed, but we're not positive of that yet.
James Rogers: In the terms of a $2.88 billion plan, the numbers are very small. But nonetheless, it's difficult to quantify at this moment.
James Rogers: Paul, it's -- you're right to assume that the rate will continue into effect if we haven't reached any agreement with the commission in 2012. And virtually the portion that's bypassable in '12 will be the same as it is today.
James Rogers: Let me speak to Indiana first. I mean, I think, in Indiana -- I mean, first of all, in the Carolinas, we’re looking at retiring roughly 1,000 megawatts. In Indiana, the number could be as much as -- it's both the Gallagher and the Wabash units. They could be as much as 700 megawatts.
James Rogers: Actually both pages, 27 and 28, where we break down each facility that we own -- coal facility we own, I think would be a very valuable information for you all to read and review. Because we want to give you really, kind of this granular detail with respect to each of our units. So you all were able to draw your own conclusions rather than just accepting our statement about it.
James Rogers: Well, I think we still have a comment period with the EPA and there's been testimony on behalf -- by EEI before congressional committees with respect to extending the time. There's also the possibility that a company could negotiate its own compliance plan, in terms of scheduling the retirements and then compliance. There's a possibility to pursue that. No company has done that yet, but I think it's a possibility. So my judgment is, this is -- these regulations are moving targets, but they are inevitable. And we've accepted that and we've run many scenarios, as Dhiaa said, as to what the schedule will be, what the cost will be, what the implications are for every unit. And so again, we think that we're in the right place, in terms of positioning ourself. One, given our prior investments, as we mentioned earlier; and two, the modernization plan. We have really mitigated a lot of the risk and the cost associated with this program by the early steps that we took.
James Rogers: I think -- first, I think the industry, overall, would like to see it delayed. But there's a mix of positions within the industry, because there are those that are in PJM for instance. Where, if you get an acceleration in the retirement of coal plant, it's going to drive prices up. So if you're a nuclear operator there or have gas plants there, you will benefit from those retirements. So there's -- it's kind of where you sit, is your position on these things and how you prepared yourself for what's coming, sort of informs your position. So there are differences of opinion. But I think that, overall, the industry believes it needs a little more time and there's not a consistent -- there isn't a clear view as to how much time. And a little more flexibility, in terms of compliance with these new rules.
James Rogers: Totally correct. I mean, I was on the stand discussing this. And as I explained to them, it was really key -- and this was testimony before the state commission. It was key to us building this plant, that we get a CWIP provision that allows us to track the cost. The alternative to that isn't very appealing to either us or to them, and that is filing a rate case every year. And that would be an alternative way to achieve what we could get with tracking. But it would be very costly and time-consuming for both the regulatory agency and for us. But that would be another way to achieve that objective.
James Rogers: Well, if I was betting the day, I would say their bias is for ESP -- for an ESP and against an MRO. The truth of the matter is, the commission wants to have -- continue to have control over the low cost coal plants that we own and we're perfectly comfortable with them having control, as long as we get a fair return on that investment. And that has been really the whole debate, in terms of working our way through this and a fair return that is not bypassable. And it could be a demand charge, it could be designed a number of different ways. But we think it's really critical that if they want us to commit the assets and we do commit the assets, and it might be for 10 years or 20 years or longer. If they're going to get that benefit, we need to get a fair return on it.
James Rogers: Cliffside is about 85% complete. We expect to bring it online in '12 and we're on plan and on budget.
Lynn Good: I think if you look at the slide that we shared on Slide 9, we've been at the switching experience for some time. And early on, we saw rapid switching of the industrial and commercial base and now we're kind of into residential. And you'll notice that we've seen stabilization really going back into the third quarter of 2010. And so I think we're into an area with a customer base that's frankly stickier than what we've experienced early on. And the other thing I would say is, in addition to switching perhaps stabilizing, we've also been very aggressive with our own retail offering and been successful in retaining customers in that way.
Lynn Good: Angie, I think 2012 is difficult to predict because we don't yet have a price for 2012. That's the importance of the SSO negotiation that's ongoing. So I think it's premature to talk about '12 at this point.
Lynn Good: Michael, I'll start. I'm sure Jim will have something to add. We've been focused early on and describing quite clearly the fuel and joint dispatch savings on the merger. And so on our filings, you'll notice our reference to $700 million that our intent would be to flow to customers right away. We're still in the midst of merger integration planning. We have not disclosed a specific target on nonfuel O&M. We do expect, because of the contiguous nature of the companies and certainly corporate cost, et cetera, that we'll be able to achieve what would be a very significant amount in that area. But it will depend upon how the integration comes together and it'll come together over time. So as we get closer to closing and further into integration, we'll be in a position to talk more about it. But at this point, nothing further.
Lynn Good: Paul, we haven't dissected it any further than the fact that we were able to achieve cost less than what we have planned. And I think it's a combination of market conditions. It's also a combination of the hedging that we put into place, relative to where we plan to be.
Lynn Good: Paul, we have been competing in Ohio. We have not moved outside of Ohio at this point, but we're trying to take advantage of opportunities we see outside of our service territory as well.
Lynn Good: Paul, that's a settlement of a tax matter that originated in the earlier part of the decade that was resolved in our favor. So it's not ongoing. It's just an event that impacted this quarter.
Lynn Good: Nathan, I'll take a shot at it and Jim, Dhiaa Jamil’s also here if they want to add to it. As we looked at proposed rules in all these areas, we’ve been running a variety of scenarios. And as you would expect us to, just kind of using the intelligence of what has been developing in these regulations. So it was within a tolerance of what we were expecting, and we're learning more as these rules are finalized.
Lynn Good: Paul, I'd direct you to Slide 28 that gives you -- 27. I'm sorry, 27. It gives you the breakdown by jurisdiction of the No SCR and Scrubber category.
Lynn Good: Jim, we've been pursuing and looking at commercial transmission opportunities. You might recall we announced the Pioneer joint venture with AEP a couple of years ago. Really looking at opportunities to move into transmission to the extent we can find projects. And so this relationship with American Transmission is nothing more than that. We've not made a specific capital commitment at this point, but really have begun to explore transmission with ATC.
Lynn Good: Yes, Ali, it's a good question. As you parse the words I just read, it was higher than expectations. So certainly the commercial group had a very strong first quarter and I would point you to improved performance of the Midwest gas assets as being a key driver of that. The generation was up like 200% on peak, 500% off peak. We were able to take advantage of some market conditions. It's premature to reset expectations for the year on this. We would like to get deeper into the year to understand the full composition of all aspects of the business before we raise expectations. But as you noted, off to a very strong start.
Lynn Good: Ali, we had a slide in our year-end results, our guidance, that kind of set out ROEs for 2011 and gave some perspective of where it relates to 2010. So for example, in the Carolinas, on an adjusted basis, we delivered 10.8 in '10. We're expecting '11 to be in the range of 9.5 to 10. And as you know, 2010 had an extraordinary amount of weather in it. So we have each of the jurisdictions broken down actually in that year-end guidance which we'd be happy to write to you too.
Lynn Good: It's primarily CapEx financing, Dan, and it'll be later in the year. We haven't announced specific timing on those issuances.
Lynn Good: Second quarter? We just started second quarter. I would say maybe. I mean, we tend to look at market conditions and also measure our cash position, short-term borrowings, et cetera. So still under review. We would intend to finance this. We may also take advantage of some pre-funding of planned maturities in '12, but that would be later in the year, 2011.
Lynn Good: It's around 10%, 9.5% to 10%, Dan. And so this will be a case that we have planned for some time. It's primarily rate-based case. It's continuing to pick up the Cliffside investment, the Buck plant that is scheduled to go in service this year. So you can expect that to be filed midyear. Both North and South Carolina.
