Lynn Good: Sure. And Shar, the capital is really underpinned by the integrated resource plans that we have filed. And so, if you look at the Carolinas alone, the filing that we made in August compared to where we were in 2022, we see load growth and we also see the need to raise the reserve margin as a result of all of the growth going on in this region and the winter peaking nature. And so, if you look across all of the types of megawatts from solar to battery, natural gas, et cetera, you see an increase there, and that will become reflected more fully in our capital plan, of course, working through that process with the commission in '24, but we see a need for additional megawatts in the Carolinas really driven in large measure by population growth, economic development and reserve margin. We're also moving deeper into generation transition in Indiana. So as we have filed integrated resource plans and we've accelerated our thinking around the timing of coal retirements, we see natural gas coming into the picture in Indiana as well as renewables. And so, CPCNs will be filed in the next several months, really setting the cadence for Indiana. And then I think you know on our regular schedule in Florida, we will be updating the multi-rate plan effective 1/1/25 and so expectations for capital spending there will be updated. And then the gas business continues to see not only extraordinary growth for a number of customers, but integrity management continues as capital. So, we are in an extraordinary period of growth in all of our jurisdictions. It's transparent. It's filed with our commissions in the form of integrated resource plans on the electric side and clear on the gas side as well. So, we're anxious to provide that update to you in February and have a chance to talk further about it at that point.
Lynn Good: And Shar, I would think about balanced approach kind of in the 30% to 50% range. And when I think about equity, we've talked about shareholder-friendly equity. You have seen us accomplish that with our transaction in Indiana. I don't know how much potential exists for that given present cost of capital, but we would, of course, explore that and then evaluating the role of dividend reinvestment and at-the-market programs as well. I would also say that the other couple of things that we're watching, we have yet to finalize the DEC case. So, we'll have more visibility on that in December. And then waiting for treasury guidance on these nuclear PTCs and the transferability market, those are also very consequential from cash flow standpoint. So, I feel like we have just a number of levers available to us, and we will exercise them in a way that maintains our growth rate, but also underpins the strength of the balance sheet.
Lynn Good: Yes, Julien, thanks for that. And I as we lay out what we laid out today, I think you're watching us strengthen the balance sheet, $1.7 of deferred fuel to be collected in '23, another $1.7 billion of deferred fuel to be collected in '24. And the multiyear rate plans, which have not only given us an opportunity to reset rate base from historic spending but also prepare and put into effect rates for future, I think those will be credit positive. The transferability that I mentioned on IRA will be credit positive. And so, as we bring to you a financing plan and think about the future and the continued growth that we see from capital investment, we will be targeting a minimum of 14% as we go forward and feel like we have the tools to accomplish that.
Lynn Good: We are generally -- yes, absolutely, absolutely. And as you know, that's a dynamic area. So we look at a range, a range of outcomes. We did that in '23, we'll do it again in '24. And as we talked about all of the work we're doing on cost structure, our objective is to offset the impact of interest rates in 2024.
Lynn Good: So Nick, I would confirm that it does underpin our confidence in 5% to 7% growth. This modernized construct in the Carolinas is consequential. It's kind of a first in the history of the utility that we will have multiyear rate plans, the ability to set price as we go forward, of course, delivering value to customers every step of the way, but also more closely matching the expenditure of capital with return. And I would add to that, our confidence in the capital underpinning that 5% to 7% growth, very transparent, integrated resource plans, the outline what it's going to be necessary to serve this growing state. So the Carolinas are very well positioned for the future. And as Brian mentioned a moment ago, continue to see extraordinary growth in Florida. And we have strong capital in Florida and grid and solar will be updating our multiyear rate plan, and our investment in the Midwest continues well along both generation and grid in Ohio, for example. So, I feel like we've got all of the elements to underpin our confidence in the growth and the jurisdictions are constructive jurisdictions that find the right balance between benefits to customers and investors, and we're confident in the future.
Lynn Good: Yes. And Nick, I really appreciate that question because we have two different $300 million that I think as I look at some of the commentary has been confusing to you all. So let me step through it for you. You may recall that we entered '23 with a cost initiative identified at driving out $300 million of cost, primarily in the corporate center. And we said to you at that time we thought 75% of that $300 million would be sustainable. We have executed on that throughout 2023 and have been confident that the 75% is going to 100% that we'll be able to sustain all of it into 2024. And then further, we have developed mitigation plans based on weak weather and volume in 2023, which is including not only O&M, but other levers, including tax ideas, those total $300 million as well. And we think 50% of those are sustainable into 2024. And we also highlighted on our drivers schedule that we will continue to look for cost savings ideas, part of the continuous improvement structure. That's what we're talking about on Slide 10. So, we believe we have various elements in place to continue to drive O&M lower. We think '24 will be lower than '23, and that's just part of our conviction to continue to drive productivity and efficiency in our operations.
Lynn Good: That's correct, Durgesh. It was in response to what does balanced mean. And so that's the range to think about. And of course, we'll bring a concrete financing plan and capital plan in February that will lay this out more clearly. But as we think about all of the tools and levers and cash flow opportunities that we have across all of our business, that is the range I would consider for incremental equity matched with incremental capital for growth.
Lynn Good: John, I appreciate that question. And I'd start by saying these integrated resource plans are informed by a very robust stakeholder process. And as you imagine pulling stakeholders together, there are different points of view across the spectrum from renewables to batteries to natural gas to nuclear some pro, some con. But we believe what we've put forward is a very balanced all of the above strategy that provides the right balance between reliability, affordability and increasingly clean, which is our commitment to the state. So, we think all of those elements will be closely reviewed and evaluated as part of the process in front of the commission. And we believe we'll work through this in a very constructive way, consistent with the way we've moved forward in the previous plans, and we'll keep you posted every step of the way.
Lynn Good: Well, thank you all. Appreciate your engagement today investment at Duke, and we're looking forward to seeing all of you at EEI. So, we'll continue the conversation then. And of course, IR and Brian and I are always available. So thanks so much.
