Steven K. Young: What we saw in the quarter looking AVA [Average Value Analysis], we saw $0.06 favorability related to income taxes. A couple of things are going on there. I mentioned the accounting levelization rules require smoothing of tax benefits over the year, and that accounts for $0.02 or $0.03 of that favorability. We also utilized some tax optimization efforts that helped provide some benefits in income tax as well. But there is the levelization that will turn around to the extent I described.
Steven K. Young: That's right. What is an earnings driver here is the levelization primarily that Lynn described. There have been some tax optimization efforts that are in the results. That's separate from the Tax Act issue.
Steven K. Young: Well, I think the DEP case was very constructive. I think it's overall in line with our expectations as a whole...
Steven K. Young: Okay. We've modeled a number of scenario outcomes. The DEC case we'll learn about in a few weeks, but I think we have a number of levers to pull to still meet our credit metrics over our plan.
Steven K. Young: We've seen some favorable O&M in the first quarter, but some of that was related to timing of purchases and so forth, so that may turn around.
Steven K. Young: We've got about $6.3 billion of excess deferreds on our books, Michael, total company. And of that, about $4.5 billion is protected, and unprotected is about $1.8 billion.
Steven K. Young: It will vary per jurisdiction, Michael. Certainly, we have a number of trackers in the Midwest that cover a lot of the capital there. We got the multiyear rate planning in Florida that provides us very efficient recovery. The Carolinas, the larger jurisdiction which has a lot of the CapEx, has fewer trackers at this point in time. So it's hard to give a rule of thumb there for the enterprise as a whole.
Steven K. Young: Sure. Of the $1.8 billion of unprotected excess deferreds, about $1.1 billion is at DEC and about $300 million is at Duke Energy Progress, so the bulk of it is in the Carolinas. The remaining portions are in Indiana and Florida. So the big piece of that is in the Carolinas.
Steven K. Young: Right, I would echo that as well. We have efforts under capital optimization looking at our O&M spend that can help offset this, just a number of levers to pull.
Steven K. Young: Sure, the tax equity market is still very viable. It is in fact being used at our Shoreham facility, our solar farm in New York, and we'll continue to utilize that. As you mentioned, our tax position puts us as a candidate for that. And I think the markets there, it is an important part of our Commercial Renewables profile. So we'll utilize that as we go forward.
Steven K. Young: I'd have to look at that a little bit further, Paul. But the results were down $0.01, and that's primarily due to wind resource and there's some additional resources, but it's not significant.
Steven K. Young: ...is not tied to taxable income in any way. It's just an amount you get regardless of where you're at on your tax return.
Steven K. Young: On the first question, we do not expect to be a cash taxpayer in our five-year plan, so it's after 2022 when that happens. And help me on your second question again on South Carolina.
Steven K. Young: Then the commission will determine how to deal with that at that time of the proceeding. We're just deferring those benefits right now.
Lynn J. Good: And, Jonathan, maybe just to add to that, the overall guidance that we provided in February for the impact of tax reform, we are on track for that. What you're seeing is just some quarter-to-quarter levelization resulting from the application of GAAP, but we are on track with the guidance we gave you in February.
Lynn J. Good: The cash flow implications of retaining those benefits would be reflected in the results. We are deferring in every jurisdiction, I believe, Steve, tax benefits. So you can think about it as cash flow financing benefit, Jonathan.
Lynn J. Good: Jonathan, we're on track in 2018 in the Commercial Renewables segment. The variance that you see in the quarter is more weather-related, but the backlog of projects and what we expect to close in 2018 remains on track. As you know, it's a competitive market, and we expect it to continue to be.
Lynn J. Good: Michael, if you look at the DEP case, a very constructive outcome addressing all of the capital, substantially all of the deferred coal ash. We believe we put on a very strong case for DEC, and we'll know more on the specifics late May or June, but I think the precedent established in the DEP case is how you should think about DEC. And then tax reform would be the addition to DEC that I would point to, and we were specific in our recommendations around tax reform in our post-hearing brief that we filed at the end of April. Our intent has always been that customers should see the benefit of the reduction in rates from 35% to 21%, and we have proposed an amortization period for the unprotected, which we think strikes a good balance. So as Steve said, we always model a variety of scenarios on these things, but feel like we're on track to deliver those metrics, and we're certainly committed to do that. And if at any point there's a timing or shortfall, we do have levers, as Steve indicated, to make sure we remain on track.
Lynn J. Good: Michael, I think the thing I would think about on tax reform, which is really probably the most significant open item because we don't yet have commission approval, it comes down to the treatment of the unprotected deferred taxes. And so we're not talking about a wide degree of variability for a company of our size. And we're talking about amortization periods ranging from 5 years to 20 years that we proposed. So I think it's important to bound that uncertainty exposure as you think about our confidence.
Lynn J. Good: Steve, we can't project with certainty what Moody's timing is. The one thing I would point to though is that their report earlier this year and your outlook action was really centered around tax reform. So I would expect as we move through the resolution of the DEC case, you'll get a clear picture of North Carolina. We already have Florida dialed in. Kentucky is visible, and we have dockets open in both Ohio and Indiana. So I feel like more information is going to become available over the next several months around tax reform in our larger jurisdictions, and we'll certainly be anxious to share all of that with Moody's.
Lynn J. Good: So we're pleased with the result of the settlement in Ohio, Julien, but we need to get through a commission process. So there are hearings in July, but feel good about the settlement we were able to bring to the table. I think the PowerForward part of that rider will include projects that will impact customer experience, so our replacement of customer systems will be included in there. But we'd also expect the Ohio Commission, as they continue their work on their initiatives, to perhaps identify some things that we could invest in. Those would be incremental to our plan. So overall, I would look at the result – the settlement in Ohio as being consistent with our plan with modest upside. And in the Carolinas, I think we talked a number of times about grid investment being a priority in the Carolinas. We'll be watching closely the results of the DEC case and then determining our strategy for legislation in 2019 and beyond to see if there's additional legislative certainty that we need to provide in order to set a pathway for further investment in the Carolinas. So that's what I would share with you about modernization in the Carolinas.
Lynn J. Good: Julien, the message has been the same. If you go back and reference where we were in February, it has always been low end of the range in 2019 and then mid-to-high in 2020 and beyond as we see the rate base growth and the investment and so on. So no change in message, but we'll be at the low end of the range in 2019.
Lynn J. Good: There's a docket in Ohio. I'd expect it to move through a process in 2018, Julien, but I don't have anything more specific than that.
Lynn J. Good: Ali, I would first think about 2020 as being the completion of a number of important projects that we'll begin to see impact and then fuller impact. So ACP, Western Carolina, the step-in in Florida, the riders in Ohio and Indiana, environmental spend in Indiana. And then as you get further out in the period, we will continue to drive investment in our strategic priority areas of grid, clean energy, gas, and renewables. And those plans will be more fine-tuned as time progresses. What we've given you is ranges and expectations, but we will fine-tune the numbers in 2021 and 2022 as we get closer.
Lynn J. Good: So as I think about jurisdictions, we're set in Florida if the settlement is improved. Ohio is in good shape. We just finished a case in Kentucky. We have a number of trackers in Indiana. We continue to think about is it time to come in for a full case, so that's something that will be under evaluation. And then the Carolinas, we'll be anxious to see the results of the DEC case, and that will inform our timing. But as we've talked about a number of times, we believe the investment profile in the Carolinas matched with great value and benefits to customers is a good one. We're looking for ways we can modernize the construct. And in the interim, we'll be filing cases to deliver returns to investors and match those benefits to customers. So we'll have more specifics though on the timing after we digest the DEC case.
Lynn J. Good: Michael, in the Carolinas, as you know, modernizing has been a priority. So if you think about HB 589, we now do have tracking mechanisms in the Carolinas around renewables, and we've put in front of the commission grid tracking. So our objective over the five-year period is to make progress in the Carolinas. But I think if you look at the Midwest and Florida, substantial, over 50%, 60%, 70% perhaps are covered by trackers in those jurisdictions.
Lynn J. Good: And I think, Praful, as you think about this DEC case, we'll get some visibility into the unprotected for DEC within the next couple months. And we've put forward a proposal of amortization between 5 and 20 years, tying that amortization period to the asset class, the nature of the items that resulted in the deferred taxes. And as I've said a moment ago, we'll learn more from the commission as we see the results in the DEC rate case.
Lynn J. Good: Praful, the capital that we laid out with you in February is still a good planning assumption for Commercial Renewables. We just look at tax equity as a tool we'll use to put that capital to work.
Lynn J. Good: So on the grid investment, Chris, I think what we saw in the hearing is just a continuation of a good discussion about the nature of the investments, the benefits they can deliver, the impact on customer bills. And so as we put together our post-hearing brief, we really addressed a number of the issues that were expressed during the hearing process and put in front of the commission what I would call kind of a step-in for the rider, a three-year proposal with a cap that was responsive to the feedback that we received. So I would think about this as being a continuation of our strategy to keep the conversation going about the grid. I actually think there's a very little disagreement about the need for the investment. I think the benefits to customers are clear, and we are trying to find the right way to put that investment in place for the benefit of customers in a way that makes sense to the commission, public staff, et cetera. I think tax reform represents a great opportunity because you have an opportunity to reduce impact to customers, at the same time you're driving investment. So I think they're complementary in that regard. And so we look forward to continuing the dialogue. And as we've shared previously, we have thought about the grid investment and modernization as being dual-track. Focusing on the regulatory process certainly, but also having legislation is something that we would also consider as we continue our work to modernize regulation.
Lynn J. Good: We want to thank everyone for participating, good questions today. We look forward to connecting with you over the next several weeks. And I appreciate your investment and interest in Duke Energy.
