Lynn Good: In closing the third quarter demonstrated significant positive momentum in delivering value for our customers, communities and shareholders. And we are laying a strong groundwork and foundation for the future. Now we welcome your questions.
Lynn Good: So we are continuing to review all options and had set an internal timeline of late ‘14 early ‘15 for our review and we are on pace for that Julien. I wouldn’t say specifically that the hydrology in the year of 2014 is impacting that review, but certainly hydrologic risk, regulatory risk, market risk and opportunities are part of what we are assessing. So when we reach any important milestone in that review we will certainly update you but at this point Julien I don’t have anything further to discuss.
Lynn Good: At this point our focus is on the significant generation build that we have underway to replace capacity in the states that we are focused as we remarked in our comments on combined cycle upgrades and adding additional capacity. We certainly believe that solar represents an opportunity for the State of Florida as it makes sense for public policy and requirements of our customers and we will pursue that at the right time but I would say our focus at this point is on the gas capacity.
Lynn Good: Greg, I think, we can take you offline on the specific dollars in each of the filings and the team would be ready to do that as soon as the call over. Let me just give you some color generally about the proceeding. So the commission would be taking up IGCC-12 and 13 in February. They will be focusing on the operating results of the plant. There have been challenges by certain of the interveners during November of 2013 around the concept of negative generation when the plant was down and was drawing power from the grid. We also have discussed previously that we had some challenges during January with freezing 30 degree normal in Indiana we would expect the commission to be reviewing operating activities during that period. So I think between the IGCC filing as well as fuel there will be a comprehensive review of operations and our focus has been on continuing to improve performance and I think the demonstrated results that we shared on the call with 90% availability for the gas supplier in July and August and the overall capacity factors demonstrate that we’re moving in the right direction.
Lynn Good: And so the GAAP accounting or the generally accepted accounting principles require recognition of liability, Stephen, but the cash payment would occur, as Steve indicated, after the NOL is absorbed and we move through the utilization of renewable credits and so on.
Lynn Good: Coming into 2014, the NOL was $2.7 billion, Stephen, and I think the other thing that we would need to evaluate depending on what happens in the lame duck session is bonus depreciation extended. I think there are number of other moving pieces that could impact that assessment as well, that you may want to consider.
Lynn Good: So I think the combination of things that you’re talking about are still under evaluation on specifics, Stephen, so we don’t have a specific price of natural gas that we’ve locked into in Marcellus. We will have a price that’s implying the transport as we look at making that multiyear commitment for the utilities, but as we stand back and look at the diversity of supply, look at the pricing out of Marcellus, look at the pricing of this additional transport facility into the Carolinas, we think there is a very compelling business case for our customers to have access to low-price diverse sources of gas. And so that’s exactly the business case that we believe excess for underpinning this investment for the benefit of our customers.
Lynn Good: I think you’re reading more into it. And we should use you as part of finalizing our slide, Jonathan, to point out where we’ve used language differently. No, in all seriousness, we’re on the same pace we were on second quarter. And I would love to tell you that analyzing international tax is something that can be done quickly, but there are a variety of complexities and analysis. We’re taking our time. This is an important part of our business that has contributed well for a long period. And so when we have an update on that, we will certainly share it but we’re on target to complete our work late ‘14, early 2015.
Lynn Good: So that’s certainly our target, Jonathan. And just to step back for a moment, when we undertook this review, we were looking at several dimensions. One dimension is, how do we optimize cash? We’ve had opportunities to bring home cash in a couple of large transactions over the last several years but we would love to solve cash in a way that was more predictable and more consistent with funding in the dividend. And then secondly, we’re evaluating is there a way to improve the growth profile of the business in light of what we see as near-term to mid-term headwinds, currency, pricing, etcetera. So our intent as we finish, our review would be to share our perspectives on both of those objectives, and the work we’ve completed that could accomplished some or all of this objectives as we complete our work.
Lynn Good: Jonathan, we continue to see accretion. What we were trying to communicate is the timing is not completely firm, we were hoping actually when we started to close by the end of ‘14. We think it’s probably more early ‘15. And so we’re just kind of talking about that timing as we share that perspective.
Lynn Good: No, Ali, I would say that as we look at the options for the Midwest generation, we’ll be considering the timing of all these matters including investments. And our objective is to optimize proceeds and investments in the way that creates the greatest value for shareholders. So I would say all options are on the table at this point and we’ll share more specifics as we move forward.Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Fair enough. Thank you.
Lynn Good: No. And Andy this correlation that we’re sharing with you is a rough correlation. We’re not actually in the oil business.Andy Levi – Avon Capital Advisors: Right.
Lynn Good: Okay. So the correlation has generally worked over time. We make more money when oil prices are high and less when oil prices are low, but it’s not a perfect correlation.Andy Levi – Avon Capital Advisors: Okay. Thank you.
Lynn Good: So we are entering into long-term transport contracts on the part of our utilities. That was what we put in front of the commission this, Greg, this quarter, so that we could enter into those multiyear transport contracts. And that’s part of the transaction. So the utility customers will bear the transport.
Lynn Good: That’s a demand concept [ph] versus supply. So I think that key distinction, Greg, is we look at the need for natural gas in the Carolinas and our dependency on a single pipeline, we think this diversification makes sense for our customers.
Lynn Good: So thank you everyone, and thanks for your interest in Duke. We look forward to seeing many of you next week in Dallas at EEI. So thanks again.
Steven Young: Well, we have recorded at this point the ARO liability and while we have not begun to spend any significant funds we will begin spending that money in 2015 as we identify four plans that we are going on pretty quickly. Our focus right now is getting these plans approved, getting the permitting done, getting the logistics in place. The ultimate cash spend will be impacted by the decisions made by Dinah and the coal ash commission regarding many of the sites. Ultimately the cost recovery aspect has been kicked to the Utilities Commission. We have made no application for recovery because we haven’t incurred any cost. So ultimately the dispositions of that into customer rates is yet to be decided.
Steven Young: Okay, let’s look at the cash on hand. We’ve got about $1.6 million overseas offshore right now. If we were to make an assertion that all of the previous earnings were to be repatriated over time, we would record a tax liability in the ballpark of $300 million to $350 million. We have not accrued any U.S. taxes on the international operations, but if we said all the past earnings were going to ultimately repatriate, that’s what we would record on our books. Now because of our current NOL position and under the current tax laws with the expiration of bonus depreciation, we would expect to come out of the NOL in 2015 and start utilizing tax credits. We would not be a significant tax payer until 2016 or 2017. So the actual cash outlays related to income taxes on our international operations wouldn’t be made for a few years down the road.
Steven Young: Yes, that’s correct. We have both the accrual to catch-up taxes on all the previous earnings, and then the actual cash outlays would be a bit later.
Steven Young: I’d have to look back at the numbers more closely, but I believe there would be some tax shield there for a period of time, couple of years perhaps.
Steven Young: We have no direct plans for rate case activity in the Carolinas right now. We’re looking at our cost structure as we move forward. Typically when you try to play on rate case as I think about data points on rate cases, you look at when a base load plant moves into service, because your cost structure changes at that time. Lee has been scheduled for late ‘17 or during 2018 for commercial operation for the Carolinas. So that might be a point that you’d look at there. Shortly following that or plant additions for DE progress as well. So that’s kind of your starting point. But we’re looking at our cost structure between now and then, in light of other factors. And that could compel us to move earlier or it could push us back later if other events occur.
Steven Young: So it’s about less than 1% to around 1%, lower for industrial. The industrial class will not participate in all of investment. And we’re targeting somewhere around $250 million of spending a year around over the seven-year period.
Steven Young: Yes so – and let me discuss the growth trends broadly here. As Lynn mentioned, we’ve put together some investments in the pipeline the NCEMPA acquisition. Those provide a strong earnings growth to Senate Bill 560 during the three to five year period we will start to produce some earnings as well. So we feel confident about the earnings growth rate on a longer term basis. When you look year-to-year, some of the drivers to think about, you’ve got weather normalized customer growth and that’s modestly forecasted at 1%. We also have wholesale sales growth and contracts that we’re stepping into, that have produced earnings for us as well. Some of our investments, although not put into rates, do approve AFUDC between rate cases, and that can provide some earnings enhancement as well. Our commercial renewables business has provided a solid 1% earnings growth on a total company basis as well, and we think that business will continue to grow for us. So those are some of the metrics that we look at when we think about our longer term earnings growth rate trajectory. The ability to control O&M between rate cases is critical to utilities as well, and we certainly demonstrated that.
Steven Young: I think when you’re thinking about Brazil hydrology, one of the – probably the key factor to think about is the upcoming rainy season, which typically runs November/December through March/April. And I think the results of that rainy season will be critical to decisions made in 2015. I wouldn’t try to guess at what that rainy season would look like, but I don’t think that you’d see any rationing occur unless there was a third consecutive core rainy season, and it’s the force rationing that really has an impact on earnings.
Steven Young: Well, the sensitivity that we gave, Andy, is correct. About a $10 movement is $0.02 and that’s a $10 average movement on an annual basis, to make sure that’s clear. So that’s the sensitivity, and that relates to our National Methanol subsidiary, which is a portion roughly 25% of our international business. So we will bake that into our forecast and keep an eye on where oil prices are moving as we make our projections in February.Andy Levi – Avon Capital Advisors: And does slightly policy – that has nothing to do with it at all as far as how they allocate oil to Asia or to the U.S. and they are pricing there. That doesn’t…
