Lynn J. Good: You know, Jonathan, it's progressing as we expected. We are targeting an announcement by the end of the year and believe closing is a 2017 event. So we will give more specifics as we continue through the process. But we're on pace to achieve that at this point.
Lynn J. Good: I think the prior commentary still works, Jonathan. I think until we can talk more specifics on the price and the timing, it's difficult to be more specific at this point. So we will provide that information when we have clarity and give you the kind of update you'd expect on implications to long-term earnings trajectory.
Lynn J. Good: No, I certainly – yeah, I think your observations of optimism. We see stronger GDP growth being projected for 2017 working through some of the political issues seems to be moving forward. Of course, the hydrology has returned to normal so there are a number of positive trends. And you all watch FX, that's trended favorably as well.
Lynn J. Good: Sure. Stephen, the forecast that we have in place at this point has about $1.3 billion of coal ash spend over the next several years, really targeted to the first four sites. And we think that's a good planning assumption for now. We have requested deferral of those costs in South Carolina and we've received approval, and we will be pursuing recovery of cost in South Carolina in connection with the case that we just filed. For North Carolina, we intend to file a case really in connection with in-service date of certain of the plants. So we gave you an update on our timing on that and coal ash would be a part of that general rate case process. I'm pleased with what we've accomplished so far, both in terms of the progress we've made in basin closure. And I believe the legislation that's in place today has also reduced any uncertainty, or a lot of the uncertainty, around the cost estimate and closure methods, which I also think is important.
Lynn J. Good: Stephen, we have had a separate dedicated team focused on renewable growth since 2007. We call it our commercial renewables team. So we have about 3,000 megawatts of a combination of wind and solar. Some of it has been greenfield-developed; some of it has been acquired. And we've been in the business of not only building, constructing, operating but also acquiring assets for a long period of time. We continue to put capital to work in a disciplined way in that business. The returns are heavily impacted by tax incentives. And so ensuring that we're delivering an appropriate return is always an area of focus in that business. Over the last three years we've turned greater attention to regulated renewables and have made a number of solar investments in the Carolinas. We announced one in Indiana and we've had a number in Florida as well. And that team has delivered probably between 250 and 300 megawatts of owned renewables in all of our jurisdictions. We believe that's going to be increasingly important as we go forward. So there's been a lot of development in both areas of our business over the last several years. And I believe we have a strong team to continue to pursue growth in those areas.
Lynn J. Good: You know, and I think, Stephen, I would talk about it in a couple of ways. In the regulated area, each jurisdiction has a slightly different profile. We have renewable standards in some. We have solar legislation in some. In Florida, we have a site plan that has 500 megawatts under development over the next 10 years. And we are constantly looking for what is the lowest cost resource that we can bring in that makes sense for customers and really use that as part of a planning assumption for our integrated resources. So we will see that continue to build. I wouldn't see it as a step change, necessarily, but continued growth consistent with what makes sense for customers. On the commercial side, we have a combination of wind and solar. Our portfolio today is more heavily allocated to wind. And we look for opportunistic opportunities to bring assets into the portfolio that make sense given our return expectations. So if you look at our capital plan, you see $500 million to $1 billion of annual spend looking for the right opportunities. And that's a good planning assumption, again, to think about how we are adding renewables to our portfolio.
Lynn J. Good: You know, Steve, I would add to that. In each country we run a finance organization. There's a CFO, there are HR execs, there are legal support in each country. And then we also have, as Steve indicated, a Houston office that serves as overall oversight. So there are resources here at the corporate center that support international but it's not to the extent that you might expect for a more domestic business.
Lynn J. Good: Julien, that's an interesting metric. The way we look at these projects is overall return over the life of the project with an expectation that the return has to clear hurdle rates around cost to capital and other things. So we don't look at it as a specific metric of revenue or EBIT per megawatt hour, whether it's wind or solar. The profile, as you indicated, is different. So the ITC impact of solar for the commercial can have a more heavily weighted near-term impact. Wind comes in over the 10-year PTC period. What's influencing results for us in the first half is just the wind not blowing as much, so we had relatively weaker wind in the quarter relative to plan. But it's really consistent with what we saw last year with weaker wind, so not much of a year-over-year delta. Hopefully, that clarifies.
Lynn J. Good: Julien, if you look at the investments we've made over the last three years, we have been turning more attention to gas infrastructure. And that is really building on the transition in our generation portfolio toward more natural gas. So if you go back to 2008, 2009, 2010, the Carolina companies had very little generation coming from natural gas. That, today, is in the range of 25% to 30% of our energy is coming from natural gas. So we made an investment in the Atlantic Coast pipeline, $2 billion investment, to bring more infrastructure into the state to provide infrastructure for further development of generation and also services to customers. We made an investment in Sabal Trail, which is important to Florida, which is already a very gas-heavy area. And then we added Piedmont, which is the interstate pipeline in the Carolinas, which we believe has great growth opportunity, not only for the customers they serve, but for increasing power generation. So we believe that gas infrastructure fits with Duke. The returns, the regulated returns, the cash flows in support of our dividend are important. And we will look for ways to continue to add to that portfolio as we go forward. At the same time, as you know, we are also adding to our electric business with grid investment, renewables, gas generation. And we'll continue with those investments as well. Always looking for ways we can add additional value to customers and to our investors.
Lynn J. Good: Julien, we're on track for 4% to 6% as we've talked about, really over this year. The rate cases will be more in the back half of the five-year period. So you should be thinking about greater contribution in 2018 and 2019 than in 2017, as an example. I think what the coal ash legislation does is it provides more certainty on our larger sites, on the methods that we can use to close. And therefore, the overall cost and impact to customers will be lower over the 10- to 15-year period that we pursue closure of these basins. So I think it's all fitting together in what we have shared with you as our approach to delivering the 4% to 6% over the five-year period.
Lynn J. Good: Shar, we need to get through the FERC process for the existing status or investment of the pipeline. We expect to receive a scheduling order soon and anticipate the FERC order in 2017. So I think discussions about the future around that pipeline will be better served 2017, 2018 as we continue to progress the existing project.
Lynn J. Good: So at this point in the regulated business, Shar, it's almost all solar. You should think about the Carolinas renewables investments as being solar investments. We have one wind investment in Indiana and there could be potential for more wind in the Midwest. But I would think about our regulated potential as being primarily a solar potential. As we think about commercial, we look at both. And, in fact, this year we're going to install more megawatts of wind than solar, just based on the opportunistic nature of what we've developed, the returns we've delivered and what we believe to be the highest quality projects. So we'll be more opportunistic in the commercial business looking at a complement of wind and solar. We like the profile of PTC. So there might be a slight bias toward wind. But in our regulated business, as I said, solar will be the predominant investment type.
Lynn J. Good: We always look at that, Shar, and what makes the most sense for the business. Where do we have the greatest return potential? We are heavily weighted to wind. We've probably put more attention to solar in 2014 and 2015 and so we continue to look at a mix.
Lynn J. Good: Michael, what I would add is each jurisdiction has its own business profile challenges and opportunities as well as the public policies in each state can impact the way we think about our priorities. And so I think about the Carolinas with the focus on renewable portfolio standards and the increased interest in solar in South Carolina. We are taking advantage of that interest and making investments in that way. In Indiana, it's been a jurisdiction that has very much been interested in infrastructure investment. The support for the grid investment of $1.5 billion has been something that moved through the legislature and then we've been able to put a plan in front of the Indiana Commission that they have approved. And so the point you're making about tailoring what we do, both in terms of regulatory strategy and legislative strategy to each state, is something that our jurisdictional teams are focused on. And I think that's one of the strengths of our portfolio is we have the opportunity to take advantage of the interests in each state.
Lynn J. Good: Brian, the prices are lower. PPA prices are declining. I think that reflects the improvement in the technology. And the comment that I would make, the economics are still largely, largely driven by tax incentives. And so an important criteria in establishing returns is your ability to monetize those tax credits, either through a tax equity structure or through your own profile. And so that's something that we look closely at. I think we've disclosed that we are in an NOL position. And so our appetite for immediate monetization is limited. And so I think there are a variety of considerations as we look at additional investment and what discipline means for Duke Energy in the returns that we're trying to deliver with renewables.
Lynn J. Good: Where we extended the life of the contract in exchange for a reduction in ownership because we were not going to put additional investment dollars into the joint venture. And we ended up with a very attractive net present value on that investment where you get another 15 years or so of earnings with no additional capital investment. And we thought that was a prudent thing to do because the value of selling it at that point of renegotiation was inferior to the extension profile. And so at any point, I guess we could enter into discussions with our partners about an exit. But I look at it today as being a very small investment that produces strong cash flows that we're able to bring in and use to support the dividend. And in the scheme of all of Duke, it's relatively modest. Right? We're talking about less than $100 million of net income. So that's the history I would share with you and it's been a good contributor over time, as you know.
Lynn J. Good: I think, Michael, it's important, when we talk about $500 million, in the Carolinas, we operate four utilities. So it's North Carolina – Duke Energy Carolinas, Duke Energy Progress; South Carolina – Duke Energy Carolina, Duke Energy Progress. So that spend would be included in four different sets of rate cases as we go forward.
Lynn J. Good: So we're in an NOL position on our federal tax basis is what we were talking about. And so cash taxes – if there are cash taxes to be paid – will be deferred into the future.
Lynn J. Good: I would point back to the slide that we included in our February call that laid out the components of the growth. Certainly the utilities, the regulated utilities are an important part of that. And it's a combination of wholesale growth, investment growth and modest load growth. Our commercial business will contribute. Piedmont and the gas platform will contribute. We see Piedmont as growing at a faster rate than 4% to 6% and the pipeline investment will be growing at a slightly faster rate. So I would refer you back to that slide. I think it's the – probably the best depiction of the details around how the 4% to 6% unfolds over the next five years.
Lynn J. Good: You know, I think we continue to look for ways that we can deliver investment for customers in our electric business. I think the one thing I would point out, if you look at the profile of Duke over the last 5 to 10 years, our growth has been more heavily weighted toward generation, which means we continue to have a lot of potential in distribution, grid, transmission and customer, that we'll continue to find opportunities to put capital to work over the next five years. But I believe that trend will continue into the future. Renewables are another area that I think will continue beyond the five-year period.
Lynn J. Good: So, Ali, you might remember we declared a $2.7 billion dividend. The $1.5 billion that Steve indicated has already moved against that dividend. So we had $1.2 billion left, and I believe we were targeting to move that between now and 2021 or something like that. So it was not – what we had accomplished was a very favorable structure transaction that gave us an opportunity to move $2.7 billion in an advantaged way. And we were going to move the $300 million a year against that between now and 2021.
Lynn J. Good: So I want to thank you all for your interest in investment in Duke Energy. We look forward to continuing to provide updates on all of these matters as we go forward. And, of course, the IR team is available today for any follow-up questions. So thanks again.
Steven K. Young: No, I think we're in pretty good shape there. We have a Houston office that deals with the international business, and so it's a bit more stand-alone than some of our other operations. So I think we're well prepared to deal with that.
Steven K. Young: Right. Yeah, let me talk about some of our segments here. Commercial is running a bit below. We've had below-normal wind, if you will, and that's pushed some of the earnings down there. We'll see what happens in the last half of the year. International had a large favorable tax item that we booked in Q1. Some of that will come back over the remainder of the year. But that's been helpful to their results certainly for us. On the regulated side, we started out the year with mild weather and storms and some weak weather-normal volumes. We've done a great job in the second quarter of coming back. Weather has picked up a bit in June and certainly in July. We'll see where that goes through the third quarter. Our O&M savings have been quite significant. Year-to-date, $0.10 savings; that's been offset by about $0.06 of storm but still some very strong year-to-date O&M savings that help us there. We've gotten good top-line revenue growth from energy efficiency riders and some infrastructure riders in the Midwest. That has helped and continues there. We'll see how weather-normal load picks up in the second half. We're optimistic about the residential side of things. So there's ups and downs in the various segments there but feel good about where we're headed for the rest of the year.
Steven K. Young: Sure, Michael. A sensitivity first: 25 bps on our discount rate is about $0.02 up or down on our pension expense. And it's a similar sensitivity on the return on assets of a 25 bps change on the return on the fund assets. A couple of things about our pension plan, it's fully funded, over 100% funded. And it's a closed pension plan. And we have de-risks that -- we're in the process of de-risking it. And so we're not quite as volatile as maybe some folks might be regarding swings there. Most of our jurisdictions have that as part of cost of service in our service territory. So you update pension cost like you do other non-fuel O&M type costs.
Steven K. Young: Sure, Michael. You certainly do see different characteristics across our service territories, which is one of the benefits of that type of diversity. When you look at the Midwest, you'll see less residential population growth than the Southeast. But you do see some very solid industrial growth. When you look over the past several years, we've seen a lot of the automotive and metals in the Midwest kind of carry our growth during 2012 through 2015. What we're seeing now is that the residential growth in the Southeast is picking up as some of our industrial growth has declined a bit. But we have jurisdictional leadership that is very well attuned to the business climates in all of our jurisdictions. And they do vary. Florida has little industrial and has a lot of residential. The Midwest has a lot of industrial, so we're well in tune and manage all of those jurisdictions accordingly.
Steven K. Young: What we have disclosed, Michael, in our five-year plan, we had disclosed $1.3 billion of CapEx related to the four sites that we knew we were going to excavate. And then beyond that, we had disclosed that we had between $0.7 billion and $1 billion for some other sites that we had disclosed we were going to excavate. Some of that spend gets outside the five-year window. So we'll update those numbers in February. Those are kind of the disclosures that we had. I don't know that they've changed dramatically. The overall ARO obligation on our books for the Carolinas and North Carolina is about $4 billion. That hasn't changed a lot over the past several quarters.
Steven K. Young: Yes, I would add that it's an investment on our books of less than $100 million that produces net income, cash dividended to the parent of, in some years, close to $100 million a year. It's lower than that, but still very profitable at the lower levels. So it is an equity investment; doesn't require a lot of management time or effort. Selling it has some challenges. So we'll hold on to it.
Steven K. Young: We've spent roughly $500 million to date, and we'll be spending at accelerated clips as we go forward. So we'll be determining what – based upon levels of prior spend, that will impact our filing criteria. Typically, we would not try to recover costs that have not yet been spent. So that's why you build up a spend pattern a little bit and then make recovery applications there.
Steven K. Young: Well, we would suspect that we would have a taxable gain on the sale. But the level of taxes recognized depends upon the sales price and so forth and various tax mechanisms put in place. But whatever tax liability we get from that will be deferred due to the NOL positioning.
Steven K. Young: Right. I would add that we see our regulated rate base growing at 5% over our five-year timeframe. And ultimately, that's a way to think about an earnings base. And now the timing can vary depending on rate case timing but that's the earnings based growth we see.
Steven K. Young: That's correct. And thus far we've taken back about $1.5 billion through the repatriation effort that we put together in late 2014.
