James E. Rogers: Thank you, Bill. Good morning, everyone, and thank you all for joining us today. We appreciate your interest and investment in Duke Energy. Today, we will review our quarterly earnings results, provide an update on economic activity and customer load growth trends, as well as summarize what we are experiencing with coal-to-gas switching. We will also review the status of our combination with Progress Energy and discuss the settlement agreement we announced earlier this week with respect to the Edwardsport project in Indiana. This settlement agreement resolves uncertainty regarding the cost recovery of this important investment. I will review the terms of this settlement later in my remarks, but let me begin with an overview of the quarter.  Today, we announced first quarter 2012 adjusted diluted earnings per share of $0.38. That compares to $0.39 in the first quarter of 2011. Reported earnings for the quarter were $0.22 as compared to $0.38 in the prior year. Current quarter reported results reflect $0.20 of charges related to the settlement agreement on the Edwardsport IGCC project in Indiana. This charge has been treated as a special item for the quarter. Consequently, it has been excluded from our adjusted diluted earnings per share.  The quarter was characterized by unusually mild weather across all of our service territories. In fact, this past winter was the fourth warmest winter season on record for the entire U.S. I am pleased with our employees' efforts to effectively manage costs during the quarter. This helped offset some of the impact from the weather. We also benefited from increases in customer prices in the Carolinas as a result of our rate case request last year.  In our commercial businesses, international operations continue to deliver strong results, mitigating the reduced earnings we expected from our new ESP agreement in Ohio. In addition to cost control, our operational performance during the quarter was impressive. The regulated nuclear fleet delivered a capacity factor of 99.7%. Meanwhile, our nonregulated gas fleet in the Midwest continued to operate at record-generating levels, benefiting from low gas prices.  I am pleased with where we stand at the end of the first quarter. While we cannot control the weather, I commend our employees for focusing on what we can control, specifically our fleet and grid performance, as well as our expenses. Based upon our first quarter results, we are on track to achieve our 2012 adjusted diluted EPS guided range of $1.40 to $1.45.  Now I'll turn it over to Lynn for a more in-depth discussion of our financial performance for the quarter.
James E. Rogers: Absolutely. Dan, first, let me say that our aspiration is to get a decision from the FERC in early June. In the interim period, we're working with the public staff in North Carolina, as well as the consumer council in South Carolina, to reach settlement agreements that we can present to the state commissions for their approval. We've had detailed conversations with the public staff in North Carolina. Our discussions have focused on what is the appropriate treatment for the $110 million investment in transmission. It has been focused on some additional flexibility with respect to our guarantee of $650 million in the joint dispatch and fuel blending. It's also been focused on other items such as our sale of electricity during the interim period. So we are very close to reaching agreement with the public staff, have not reached agreement with other parties with respect to this in North Carolina. And so more to come there, and we hope to have a settlement soon. With respect to South Carolina, we're also working very closely with Dukes Scott and his team so that we can satisfy his requirements. And I think an important part of the relationship between North and South Carolina is that Dukes Scott negotiated early on a Most Favored Nation's Clause, which really allows them to track whatever agreement is reached between us and the public staff in North Carolina.
James E. Rogers: That's a very good observation on your part. We are building in a provision in our settlement that we're working through now with the public staff for the possibility that the FERC will not fully embrace our proposal and will modify it in a way -- one way or another. And if that happens, then we have the capability to really reopen the agreement we have with the public staff and make any adjustments that are appropriate given the FERC's action.
James E. Rogers: Michael, it's my judgment that in PJM, they still need all the scrubbed plants and some of the unscrubbed plants at peak period.
James E. Rogers: I think that's right. I think, historically -- and let me see if I remember the -- I think it's about 85% on gas is on the margin in PJM. And I think that will continue to be the case, even though there's been a flip in gas prices and coal prices and a flip in the dispatch. Said another way, the gas units, particularly combined cycle units, are dispatching with the 7,000-plus heat rate before most coal plants or virtually all coal plants in the region.
James E. Rogers: Brian, I'm not going to speculate on what we'll do with respect to extending the time of July 8. We're going to wait until we get there and wait to see what orders we get from the FERC and from the commissions and address that issue at that time.
James E. Rogers: We are very committed to getting this merger across the goal line. This is the third time we've filed with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. We've reopened negotiations with both states in an effort to get this done. As the prior question from Brian was all about July 8, and in our judgment, there's adequate time for both the state and the FERC to act, so we can get this across the goal line. So I'm confident that we will. And if you had to put a probability on it, you'd say, more likely than not, we'll get it done.
James E. Rogers: Yes, yes, yes. But if you look at this transaction from a long-term perspective, this is -- positions us well for the future, and we wouldn't be continuing to work as hard as we've worked and our teams have worked if we didn't think this was the right thing going forward. So thank you.
James E. Rogers: Andy, as you might imagine, we didn't talk to the commission when we negotiated this settlement. We worked hard with the consumer council, who plays a very important role in the state, as well as the industrial group in Nucor. We had many negotiating sessions to get to that settlement. And I think what's important is, is by putting these parties together and presenting it to the commission, we're presenting to them a package that really allows them to address all the issues that have been raised in the proceeding and put this behind the commission, behind us and allow us to go forward to build what may be the last coal plant that will be built over maybe a decade or more, given the price of gas and given the new proposals from EPA with respect to carbon.
James E. Rogers: I'm hopeful because we've had a long history in Indiana, as well as other states, of reaching agreements with the parties and presenting settlements to the commission and having the commission approve them. And we hope that, that occurs here, and that's certainly our expectation.
James E. Rogers: Greg, the merger agreement is clear on the burdensome effect provision. It's clear on MAE provisions. It's clear on the reps and warranties. And I think rather than me trying to opine with respect to how these provisions will operate, I would urge you to read them and draw your own conclusions as to what effect they would have under the scenario that you presented to us.
Lynn J. Good: Jonathan, at the time we received the FERC order in December, we really put pencils down a bit, finishing up what was going to be required for legal day 1 but really putting it on the shelf so that we could get focused on running Duke and Progress separately at the beginning of the year. We didn't have specific clarity on timing of the FERC filing and closing, et cetera. So we've been focused first few months of the year on the things you would expect us to be focused on, running the business well. And now we believe we're getting to the point where we should start brushing off the legal day 1 work and restarting integration so that we're prepared for a July 1 closing.
Lynn J. Good: Jonathan, we are at about 90% of the peak levels of 2009, so we're not quite to the point we experienced in 2009. And the teams are very focused on managing through this, taking all the steps we think are necessary, including off-site storage and other measures. So we're managing through it and believe we will be able to manage through it.
Lynn J. Good: And so, Dan, maybe just to put those things together, the intent would then be to be in a position where the commissions could approve this settlement following FERC approval in that June time frame.
Lynn J. Good: Dan, we are still targeting the 4% to 6%. We think the combined company has the fundamental growth drivers of investment and load synergies, of course, will be very important to drive that growth. We will be finalizing guidance as we near completion, restart integration, get a better sense of synergies, timing, et cetera, and be prepared to give you more specifics post closing.
Lynn J. Good: And, Michael, let me respond on USFE&G. We actually came into the year assuming O&M would be flat, 2011 to 2012. And as a result of the weak weather that we experienced also, we are continuing to build in some flexibility for the possibility that load growth doesn't show up as strongly as we anticipated. We have taken some actions that now put us in a position to forecast that O&M will be down 2% year-over-year. This gives us some flexibility in FE&G as a result of the start to the year. So that's the way I would think about it. In commercial, a lot of the O&M in commercial can actually be tied to generation, specifically in Latin America. And so we look at that O&M a bit differently and really try to give you a sense of margin and other things that we see in those businesses.
Lynn J. Good: Michael, I think we talked a little bit about growth on international as we put forward guidance. We think international is a very solid contributor to the company. It has growth prospects with the repricing of the contracted load in Brazil, and there's actually some information in the year-end package that might be helpful on that. We will also bring some new resources into the international business as we go forward. I think as you look at Commercial Power, growth is going to occur over a longer-term basis as we see capacity prices rise and, hopefully, a broader spread in energy.
Lynn J. Good: So, Jim, I'll give it a try, and Danny Jamil is here to correct me when we get into maybe more detailed questions. But we have tested on gas firing of the turbines. We have scheduled tests for the gasifier within the next 6 to 8 weeks, and are moving through the start-up process in a very methodical way. We have operations teams on the ground, ensuring we have a smooth transition from construction to start-up to operation.
Lynn J. Good: Ali, we had a slide in the year-end package that had targeted ROEs and what I'd love to do is have Bill Currens walk you through that off-line.
Lynn J. Good: I think that's right. As you know, third quarter is very important for the regulated business. So we'll continue to build on the progress that we've made first quarter, but on track.
Lynn J. Good: Yes, so Michael, Buck was in last year's case, and we would file this year's case with the intention of picking up both Cliffside and Dan River. So kind of filing mid-year, maybe early third quarter. And with the planned in-service dates of those plants, we would be able to pick both of them up in this case.
