William D. Johnson: Thanks, Mark. And before we take your questions, please turn to Slide 16. We remain focused on the fundamentals to excel in our core mission of serving customers and to achieve our 2011 earnings targets. And we are making steady progress on our major projects and initiatives.  I'm very pleased with the commitment of our management team and workforce. And I want to say a particular thank you to our employees who did such a good job of maintaining a reliable system this summer. They have remained focused on operational excellence in the midst of what could be a distracting time. It's a real credit to the great workforce we have and to their dedication of the vital service we provide, so thanks to them. And now your questions.
William D. Johnson: Speaking to both of those, and I think they are entirely focused now on the due diligence involved with this claim. But as Mark said, I wouldn't read anything significant into that other than that they and we are working hard on making sure they have everything they need to get to a determination.
William D. Johnson: Yes, I don't think it will be much assistance for us to get into the details of what we're talking about other than to say we are working through the due diligence. They're working through their process. They have a special committee of their board, and we're just working through it.
William D. Johnson: I don't think I can give you that much detail. I think what we are expecting -- and really the basic question here is a coverage determination of whether it's a covered event. There's a lot of subsidiary pieces to that, that you've just mentioned. But I think the main point is a coverage determination.
William D. Johnson: There is a per-occurrence limit in the policy of $2.25 billion, I think. So that's the cap. And what happens below that cap is part of the determination and the process that we're going through with them.
William D. Johnson: So let me give a little color around that. What we're doing now is essentially setting the conditions for conducting a repair, including all of the design work. One of the things that we have learned is the importance of having a lot of design work done and so we're focusing on that, focusing on bid packages. When at some point we will have to make a determination about signing contracts and those kind of things, but the heavy lifting on this will come after there's a determination from NEIL.
William D. Johnson: I'm not going to entertain the notion that they don't think it's a covered event. So we haven't given any thought at all to the question you've asked.
William D. Johnson: Michael, I've long ago stopped trying to divine what regulators will do, but I will give you my sense of this. I think the historic norm here of being reasonable regulators based on the law and the facts will continue. I am aware of the situation where the -- that you mentioned with the lower ROE proposal. But that's a proposal from one party and that's why you have rate cases and you have proceedings, so you can put the other evidence in front of them. I think that's probably a reflection of the economic times and other things like that. But I wouldn't draw any adverse conclusions at all based on that. We recently had a week of hearings before the North Carolina commission on the merger. And it was similar to the hearings I've been going to for 30 years down there. So I don't anticipate any movement in the wrong direction as you described.
William D. Johnson: Probably '13. We have combined cycles in Progress that we're putting some capital in the ground that we will have to have a case on, but I would anticipate that will be in '13.
William D. Johnson: I think, Greg, that they're on 2 independent tracks. I mean the commission has a regular cycle of having these proceedings, and they make their decisions. And they have a procedural schedule now for Crystal River broken down into 3 phases. So I think they're really on 2 separate tracks here, and the commission is just following its usual procedures.
William D. Johnson: I think in this case, it does not. But you may have some finding that some of this is subject to refunding later proceedings. Right? So I don't think it will be affect at this time, but there may be some reconciliation in the future.
William D. Johnson: Just again thanks for being of the call and showing interest in our company, and have a good rest of the day.
Mark F. Mulhern: Jonathan, it's Mark. As Bill described, I think that NEIL is going through a very deliberate process. They hired some outside help to evaluate the claim, and I think they're really just doing their work to make sure that they completely understand the work that we've done and the plan we have. So I wouldn't read anything into that other than we're just working with them on determining their coverage decisions.
Mark F. Mulhern: That's correct. What I would say -- Jonathan, let me just clarify that. I would say we haven't received any payments. We think they are still going to reimburse for replacement power.
Mark F. Mulhern: Jonathan, I anticipated that somebody smart like you would ask this question. What happened is really it is showing up in lower depreciation because if you recall, what we had anticipated going into the year was that we would have Crystal River 3 back into service so that we would begin collecting to the clauses. The steam generator replacement issue, the power operate issue at Crystal River 3, so it's really -- what is happening is those items have stayed in CWIP and are still in construction work in progress, so you see a lower depreciation number. So you won't see that clause in other margin make up in Q4, but you do see an offsetting positive number and lower depreciation and amortization.
Mark F. Mulhern: Michael, it's Mark. If you look at our Slide 12 in the material that we've put out, we have had some lagging to our forecast in both locations. And we really have had 2 pretty unusual weather years, so 2010 was a very significant anomaly in weather. In 2011 we've had, again, a deviation from normal weather. And so some of that has skewed the numbers a little bit. I think in a residential, what you see kind of on a weather-normalized basis for the year-to-date numbers on that chart on 12 is 0.7% or so change from the prior year, in Carolinas down and Florida actually a little bit up. It's hard to really put your finger on efficiency and how much impact it's had on the numbers. But we absolutely believe the economy, the state of play in terms of that has had some impact on usage and on how -- especially in the residential area, how much we've deviated from forecast. You see our commercial and our industrial numbers kind of flat or may be slightly down in commercial year-over-year. But longer term, our belief continues to be that we will see growth return to our territories in some significant way, especially in the Carolinas and Florida. We believe both of them have longer-term dynamics that will be helpful and should grow maybe not to the levels we had experienced in the boom periods, but again pretty good growth. We're seeing a little bit of progress in housing in both locations, in the Carolinas and in Florida, but not to the robust way that it had been at one time obviously. So I think we're just going to slug through a little bit. I don't see anything dramatic that you can put your finger on that would explain some of these things.
Mark F. Mulhern: Greg, it's Mark. We have filed our fuel case in Florida, which has in it the projected replacement power costs that we would anticipate for 2012, and so we haven't gotten a decision on that particular proceeding yet. But that will be shortly here.
Mark F. Mulhern: Vidulah, we've been collecting it. Again as Bill said, subject to refund. But yes, that has been in the customer rates.
