Lynn Good: Shar, thanks for the question. No question, it's been a mild weather year and I -- so I look around the industry there are other utilities have experienced a trend similar to ours, Midwest and some in the Southeast. We have put in mitigation plans in place as Brian talked about, Shars, the deferring non-critical work, third-party spend, all of those things that you would expect us to attack tactically in 2023, and we see those progressing. We also are on pace with the $300 million of O&M that we targeted to take out of the business coming into '23. So I look at all of that and the fact that we have the third quarter ahead of us, and we believe the range -- we can reaffirm the range. The range still represents the potential we have for 2023, and we'll update within that range at the end of the third quarter. We did highlight that July, we had a peak of July.  So weather was strong in July, and we've got August, September in front of us. I think what's important to recognize here is that we are working every possible lever, including any contingencies that set in the plan at the time we developed it. And I would just point to the strategic progress also, Shar, that we've made because the fundamentals of this company remain unchanged. Strong capital growth, strong jurisdictions and I think that represents a really solid investment thesis for the future.
Lynn Good: There's a lot on that one, Shar. Let me start by saying what I would like you to take away and really investors to take away is that our growth story is an organic one. And I look at all the progress we've made in simplifying the portfolio has brought us to this moment where we're fully regulated with transparent, robust capital that will unfold over the next decade in constructive jurisdictions, growing jurisdictions.  And at the same time, we've also put in place and work through energy policy, modernization of regulations, so that gives us a high degree of confidence that we can execute those plans and deliver returns to investors. And so when I think about growth for Duke, our sole focus is on this organic plan that's in front of us. And so any idea about M&A has to beat what we have in front of us, and it is an increasingly high hurdle because of the confidence we have in our plan. So this notion that we're going to over equitize something to chase an asset and strengthen the balance sheet is just not a narrative that is supported by anything that we're focused on here to do.
Lynn Good: So Julien, let me give a try and Brian may have heard more in that question than I did. So let me start with 2023 financial plan. Before we start considering the impact of mild weather, the plan was always back-end loaded. So if you think about -- we are in the midst of rate cases in our largest jurisdiction.  We put interim rates in new effect of DEP June 1. Full rates will go into effect October 1. The largest jurisdiction, DEC, interim rates will go on September 1. So the plan was always back-end loaded, and I think that's important for you to recognize. And then the mitigation that we've added to that is obviously going to be back-end loaded. You'll begin to see some of it in third quarter, a stronger amount of it in the fourth quarter. And so when I think about July, just consistent with what you saw on the front page of every newspaper, hot, hot, hot, it was hot in our jurisdictions as well. So we had a positive weather story in July. And we'll be monitoring August and September and give you more on where we are in the range after the third quarter. So hopefully, that answered it, Julien. I don't know, Brian, if you have anything to add.
Lynn Good: Julien, I would leave you with our sole focus is on organic growth. Sole focus is on organic growth. Because when we look at what we have in front of us and our ability to drive growth with the capital plans that sit in our jurisdictions, we believe that we'll deliver the greatest value to shareholders.
Lynn Good: Yes, David, you're rightly focused on that as are we. Interest rates higher for longer, weakness here with mild weather. So we are working through that, using all the tools you would expect us to use to [indiscernible] up the interest expense, but also looking at the levers we have within our financial plan to offset that as well. So it represents something that gets a great deal of attention, and we're working our way through it. And I would again note that we're reaffirming our guidance range for '23 and continue to believe we can grow at 5% to 7% over the long term based on the fundamentals in the business. And as we move through these rate cases, I would just also emphasize that interest rates are being reset as we go through rate cases and that's an important consideration, as you know.
Lynn Good: Jeremy, I don't think it's appropriate for me to comment on another company's process. But what I would like to emphasize and have you take away is that our sole focus at Duke is on our organic growth plan.
Lynn Good: Yes, Steve, we're scheduled to be on the stand August 28. Rebuttal testimony was filed at the end of last week. So this is the time frame for discussions. And also in that time frame, we're expecting an order on the DEP case. So a lot of activity here in August, and we'll keep you informed every step of the way.
Lynn Good: Very good. Well, thank you all for your questions today, you're interested in Duke. We'll have a chance to talk with many of you after the call and even visit some of you. We have an active August in front of us, and we'll be anxious to share with you not only the results of the rate case, but we have important integrated resource plans being filed this month that, again, we'll confirm and underpin the investment thesis here at Duke. So I appreciate your interest in the company and look forward to talking soon.
