Lynn J. Good: Jonathan, we think there is a basis to treat this like any electric plant and service, and treat it as a rate base item. And what we're planning to do or are doing is using data analytics to identify the sections of our service areas that are affected by this, and that then has an implication to lowering our outage and outage costs which we believe all of our customers will benefit from. So it's a long-term investment around the improved reliability of the total system and we believe it brings great customer benefits and, of course, benefits to investors as well.
Lynn J. Good: So, Jonathan, there are other permits. Water processing permits, for example, in the states and we are working actively with all of the states to progress those permits on a timeline consistent with the FERC approval. And so we feel like we're on track with the timeline that we've laid out for you.
Lynn J. Good: Jonathan, we remain on track. I mean, this is three months of a year against a five-year plan. The actions that we've identified for 2017 are really consistent with actions that we've taken when you have variability around weather. And so we've identified about $100 million and we'll continue executing on that on 2017. And then the investments that will ultimately drive growth are something that'll build over time, and we've given you some visibility on what those look like and where they're located and we're executing on all them.
Lynn J. Good: At this point I think it's pretty immature to get that granular, Jonathan. So when we go after costs, we're always looking for things that can be sustainable but also recognize just flexibility within the year can be helpful. So it's a combination of both. I don't have any more specifics that I'd share with you at this point.
Lynn J. Good: Julien, what I would add to that is I think this point of cost flexibility is what we want to emphasize with this. So we believe we have the scale and the expertise from the work that we've done over a number of years to be flexible with cost management. And every time we go after cost in a given area we're always working to make it sustainable, and in that event it could be incremental to some of the things we've shared with you previously. But I think the expertise that we're developing around cost management is really fundamental to the business, and we had a good track record of executing.
Lynn J. Good: At this point, our plans are moving forward, Julien, and you can think about at least the North Carolina business is having an implication not only from CCR but from CAMA, the laws in North Carolina. And so we're on track. We don't have any specific change of plans just to resolve all of these new executive actions.
Lynn J. Good: Well on the increase, and maybe get to that second one in a second, Julien. On the increase, we'll share more specifics when we file for the increase which will be in about a month for DEP and then there'll be a notice and then a filing for DEC. So we'll, at that time, be in a position to give you more specifics on the composition of the filing as well as the percentage increase.
Lynn J. Good: So, Mike, we continue to engage with our stakeholders here in the Carolinas about our priorities and, certainly, regulatory modernization that fits the nature of the investments we're planning to make in the delivery system are a part of those discussions, as are renewables and integration of renewables into our system. So it's really early in the legislative session at this point, but there could still be some opportunities in the current session and we'll share milestones when appropriate. And in the backdrop, as you know, of all of these, the rate case filings that will also occur in 2017 in the Carolinas.
Lynn J. Good: Mike, I think there's a lot of interest in infrastructure investment and job creation. I think that's in the Carolinas as well as around the U.S. And this represents really important infrastructure and gives North Carolina an opportunity to lead the way on infrastructure investment. And I think job creation particularly in the eastern part of the state that has been hampered economically is very attractive. So we believe this plan is a win-win for customers, for investors, and for communities.
Lynn J. Good: Sure. So, Greg, there are couple of things going on. In the regulatory arena, we made an avoided cost filing which addresses the price, the term, the size of these facilities, and that went to hearing in mid-April. There is, of course, the position of the other parties and the public staff in North Carolina has testimonies that I think would be helpful for investors to take a look at. And really what's being proposed is an opportunity to move this development of renewables and solar in the state into a more sustainable model. So in addition to size and price that we're pursuing on the regulated front, we're also having discussions in the general assembly about the development of a competitive process on an annual basis with a determined size that would give solar developers and also the utility an opportunity to plan. We also think a competitive process would impact price to customers and believe that better planning and better pricing would create a more sustainable market. And so there are two things to track here, not only the regulatory proceedings, avoided cost, went to hearing in April – that's moving through as procedural process – but also continued discussions in the legislature about sustainable solar development in the state of North Carolina.
Lynn J. Good: Greg, I think that's fair. We've done some calculations of the prices implied in these contracts, and we believe it's costing customers about $1 billion more than a market price would cost them over a 12-year period. And this notion of better planning and better pricing, we believe, can create more certainty not only for the solar industry but better pricing for customers, and I think that's important as this market continues to develop.
Lynn J. Good: Michael, when we put forward our plans in February there's a shift in the renewable investment more toward regulated investment than commercial, and we think that just makes good sense for not only investors but customers in our jurisdictions. So we have about $2.5 billion in the five-year plan; about $1.5 billion sits in the jurisdictions and $1 billion in commercial. And so I think we've shared with you that we're looking at that commercial investment very closely. Returns are tight, the tax position is uncertain for us at least over the next couple of years, and we'll continue to make the right decisions about deploying capital in that commercial business as we see returns that fit our expectations.
Lynn J. Good: Well, Michael, we continue to look at what we own, its value and contribution as well as what it might command on the outside. So those are ongoing assessments that we do. We feel like we have a really strong portfolio of 3,000 megawatts wind and solar, backed by a long-term contract. And so those are assessments that are ongoing but nothing specific to share with you today on a strategic analysis or initiative that we're considering.
Lynn J. Good: Praful, I would suggest that we've been very aggressive on cost savings. If you look at the track record of Duke, we've had flat O&M for a number of years and are projecting flat through 2020. We think that's aggressive and we continue to focus on ways we can drive costs out of the business, and that is our job every day. But what we're talking about here is flexibility as a result of weather where we may make some decisions in a short-term basis in order to offset weather. It could be holding a vacancy, it could be working with a contractor differently, things of that sort. But you should take away that we understand the assignment of being very aggressive with our cost structure and we are achieving that with initiatives throughout the company.
Lynn J. Good: Ali, we shared in February that every year we'll be within the range, that we've developed a plan that puts every year within the range. And so I think that's the way I would respond to that question. And we will have rate cases in 2017 that are important to 2018 and we'll give you more update on those milestones as we go forward.
Lynn J. Good: Ali, I would say the majority of the tax credits. If you think about it, it's primarily a renewables business. PTCs are the lion's share of it because our portfolio is primarily wind.
Lynn J. Good: The delta on the O&M this quarter, Andy, I would think about as being across the board. But the one thing you should note, that first quarter of 2016 had a lot of storm restoration in it. That was primarily Carolinas, so the delta over the quarter is being influenced by that. The $100 million as we go forward over the balance of the year, you can think about that as being across the company.
Lynn J. Good: That's not correct. So two things I would point to. If you look at our actual versus actual announcements for the first quarter, O&M is the positive driver. And that positive driver is primarily the result of the fact that 2016 had storms in it and 2017 doesn't.
Lynn J. Good: And Andy, on the storms, you may remember we filed a deferral request. It's not Hurricane Matthew and Jonas and Hermine. I mean, there were a number of storms impacting. And that deferral request will be a part of this rate case in the Carolinas.
Lynn J. Good: Yeah. Steve may have something to share on this as well, but we are very comfortable with our balance sheet. We believe the portfolio transition and the businesses that we own are very low risk. We have an improving profile in our balance sheet as a result of the strength of this plan. We believe the DRIP is an effective way to issue equity that matches the deployment of capital over time. So we always evaluate financing techniques but believe this is the most appropriate one given where we are.
Lynn J. Good: Well thank you, everyone, for joining today and for your interest in investing in Duke Energy. We look forward to seeing many of you over the next several months, and we'll continue to keep you updated on our key milestones. Thanks again for joining.
Steven K. Young: Well I think it will have an ongoing benefit. I think many of these costs are accelerations of the cost efficiency efforts that are underway, so I think many of them will be sustainable. It's hard to define precisely at this point. But I would also discuss and mention last year, in 2016, we came out of the gate with storms and low volumes and we accelerated cost reductions of $100 million. Then when the weather came in the third quarter, we moved some work into 2016. So that type of dexterity can go both ways but, certainly, many of the cost reductions in 2016, and I think many that we're doing in 2017, will be sustainable throughout our five-year plan. It's hard to be granular at this point given the flexibility that we try to exercise.
Steven K. Young: No. Our growth assumptions, I think, for our five-year planning horizon of 0.005%, I think those are still the viable and right place to be at this point in time.
Steven K. Young: No significant changes, Michael, over the next five years. Some of the timing may be a bit different. But we've got a capital plan, $45 billion to $50 billion over the five years, and that's where it's going to be at at this point.
Steven K. Young: Well, Praful, when you look at our five-year plan, you do see over the five years the holding company debt level does decrease. Our credit metrics improve over the five-year plan. We're still issuing holding company debt because we're growing over that five-year period but the ratio to total debt does decline. So that's part of our five-year plan that we've baked in under current tax laws. Now regarding tax reform, it's hard to say where that's going. Proposals are still in very early stages. It hasn't gotten very far. We'll continue to keep our eye on that and we've been assessing other scenarios and other ways to finance if that were to change significantly. But overall, we feel good about our balance sheet and our ability to deal with the holding company debt.
Steven K. Young: Ali, we had talked about regulatory lag over the past couple of years, and it'll vary depending upon the timing of base rate cases that we'll see. But we see most of our regulatory lag in the Carolinas jurisdiction where you have recovery mechanisms through riders or decouplings, similar to what we see in our gas business at Piedmont, you have less lag. And we're trying to work to minimize lag through various initiatives in our regulatory jurisdictions. Most of the lag, I would say, is in the Carolinas jurisdictions at this point in time. Again, it's hard to put a specific number on it in terms of how much it'll pull down in any given year. Specifically, it'll just depend upon the timing of rate cases.
Steven K. Young: Our five-year plan contemplates the use of a DRIP starting in 2018 throughout the remainder of the plan, and we estimate that to be in the ballpark of $350 million a year. So that's in our base plan.
Steven K. Young: Yeah. Let me perhaps give some clarity on a few things. We'll file for these rate cases with a 2016 test year and then there are other things you make to that. And you try to look at sometimes normalized cost levels within that, looking at storms and so forth. So I don't think you can draw a definitive conclusion about a cost level in a particular period of time and what it might mean. I would say the ongoing cost efforts that we have to reduce costs, they offset salary increases, inflation, and so forth. So if you recall, in February we talked about our goal is to keep our non-fuel O&M flat through 2020 and we think we can do that and, in fact, reduce it a bit here in 2017. So I'd look at costs more holistically in that way, that we're keeping them flat and maybe slightly reducing them as well, offsetting a lot of the inflationary and salary increase impacts.
