Lynn Good: No. I think the success of commercial, Greg, will depend on whether Ohio comes out but we also have the third quarter in front us for commercial and just seasonally, you can expect more earnings from the base operations in the third quarter.
Lynn Good: So, Greg, if I could refer you to slide 7, I think you have got a comprehensive list of drivers to the second quarter. Let me just talk for a moment about nuclear outage levelization. For the Duke Energy Carolinas plant that accounting method will be adopted prospectively, so you will see the benefits in the fourth quarter of the outages in the Duke Carolinas fleet. The Duke Progress adoption of levelization was retroactive to January, so you see a couple of cents in Progress' results in the fourth quarter on levelization and you will see another $0.04 in the back half of the year for the Progress piece of levelization.
Lynn Good: That's right. The next rate case. We think that beyond 2015, rates will be set in the future based on levelized outage, so you will see cash impact at that point.
Lynn Good: Steve, I think that's a good question. There is natural volatility in international around foreign exchange rates and to some extent the National Methanol entity is impacted by oil prices or other commodity influences. That volatility as you know has been in our favor in recent years as the U.S. dollar has weakened, now the U.S. dollar is strengthening. It's going the other direction. We continue to look at ways to position the International business and address that volatility. I don't have any specific plan that I can share with you at this point, but positioning international to complement the growth of the company is the priority.
Lynn Good: Steve, I think, so staying on cost structure has become a way of life and we will continue to be such. You think about the merger integration plans that we developed, a lot of that work was in 2010 and early 2011. The business is continuing to change and we continue to look for ways to deploy continuous improvement, looks for ways to optimize labor and contract labor to continue to drive cost savings. I think you are hearing that throughout the industry as we grapple with a [loan] growth environment and we are very keenly focused on improving our cost structure.
Lynn Good: Shar, we are expecting an order probably late September or October. It could slip into November. We don't have a specific procedural schedule. We will take our time to analyze that order, understand what it says about the plants, understand what it says about the position the Commission is taking and then we will analyze and make a decision as it makes sense to do so. So I would say, I can't say it would be by the end of the year, necessarily, but I would think by the end of the first quarter of next year, we would have finalized our thinking.
Lynn Good: I think that will depend on what the order says. So you may recall, when we filed the request, we actually asked for retroactive treatment back to August of 2012. So I think we are going to have to see how the Commission has referenced that and at what point the recovery is going at. So what I would point to is our plans for commercial is roughly $90 million of net income. We have delivered roughly $3 million through the second half. So that gives you a range of what the second half could include from a balanced target.
Lynn Good: That's a good question. See, we have so many pending regulatories pertaining to rate case asset, that's an interesting time. Why don't we take that offline because I think what we want to do is to reflect the benefit of the rate cases over the partial year and probably give you a sense of what '13 could look like. We do file surveillance reports in North and South Carolina but both of those calculations have some unique characteristics to them that I don't think is really indicative of what we are earning. So I will ask Bill and Bob to follow-up with you on that.
Lynn Good: Next few years. The one case we are evaluating is Duke Energy Progress in South Carolina and that would be the only one.
Lynn Good: We are continuing to look at that, Steve. We have been in negotiations for sometime with Santee Cooper. As we have said before, we believe that regional nuclear, we think that we still believe diversification. We think that's going to be important to the company, long-term but we have not yet reached an agreement and don't have any further update at this point.
Lynn Good: Julien, we analyze rate cases based on the returns that we are earnings based on what we see in terms of cost structure O&M, and also maintenance position and so Duke Energy Progress has the same capital as the North Carolina jurisdiction. So, it's Sutton and me and [complex] and so we are looking very closely at it. Just we have not made a final decision and therefore haven't notified the case and all the things that would go with that.
Lynn Good: Julien, we have been focused on cost in the Midwest fleet really dating back to 2010 and that teams have been very aggressive in driving cost out. I think as you know where capacity prices are in this year in particular, you are not going to solve the economics by driving costs out in 2013, but we do have a very keen focus on running as efficiently as we can.
Lynn Good: Sure. I will take pension first, Michael. We are forecasting a $350 million contribution in 2013 which is comparable with what we did in 2012, and that will be a combination of the Duke Energy Progress plants as well as the plant. On the international front, we have got about $1.5 billion overseas. We have talked a little bit in the past about two things, one being a structured transaction that we could pursue to bring some cash home. That's still under evaluation. Then the second option would be flat out just repatriation. We could do it with or without a tax holiday, but you have got basically $1.5 billion offshore. Bonus depreciation, the bonus depreciation in 2013 is about $1.2 billion. We are in an NOL position. So the cash associated with that bonus is really going to be realized out in the 2015, 2016 timeframe.
Lynn Good: We have done a little bit of that, Michael. I believe we took the quick instrument out earlier this year and continue to work at the economics of refinancing to see if that makes sense but I would not say that's a huge driver.
Lynn Good: That's primarily Levy and also Harris. You may recall that we suspended most operating (inaudible) on the Harris plant and took a charge of wholesale allocation to the cost as well, Hugh.
Lynn Good: Let me pause just for a moment. So that's the wholesale allocation of Levy and under the wholesale terms of that contract, Hugh, we do not have an ability to recover them and as a result impair a bit of the cost. You may recall that these were identified back into 2012 settlement in Florida as being amortizable in the same way as COR but in connection with the 2013 settlement that provision of the 2012 settlement was set aside and we made a decision to take the impairment at that point.
Lynn Good: It is, Hugh. We have a made a settlement offer to certain creditors that are involved in the Crescent bankruptcy litigation, really dating back to the Crescent transaction in 2007. The terms of the offer are confidential. The litigation is ongoing. At this point, I can't comment any further on that litigation. We of course, continue to believe that the claims are without merit but we are working through this litigation.
Lynn Good: We have made good progress on Edwardsport, Hugh. The focus over the post and service period over the first few months is really consistent with early operations of a new power plant. We have been focused on system testing. We have been focused on tuning. So all of the major technology systems, the power block, the gasifier have been tested. The plant is running on both gasifiers as we speak. As we have identified issues, we have dispatched the team to do a root cause analysis and have resolved them. At this point, we do not see anything that has developed over a long-term nature. You can expect us to continue to address issues as they arise over the next several months as we really get plant to the point of full capacity and potential.
Lynn Good: You know what I would say is we are 0.4% against an aspiration of 0.5%. We have seen good growth in industrial in certain segments, but weakness in others like I pointed to primary metals, probably the most weakness that concerns us a little bit about the back half is really in Florida, where we have continued to see static low usage customers and not really the rebound that we had hoped as we were forecasting the 0.5% and that's probably the area I would point to that gives us lack of complete confidence on a 0.5% growth rate. So, we will continue to update this in the third quarter and fourth quarter, but we just remain cautious about the outlook.
Lynn Good: No. I think we have been very conservative with our growth assumptions, so, we are looking at kind of a 1% type range and we are adding customers at roughly that percentage right now, so I don't see a significant risk to the growth rate given the way we forecasted this volume.
Lynn Good: I guess I would point back to something that we successfully partnered with other utilities in Indiana. The Senate Bill 560 that gives us an opportunity to modernize the grid. For example, under a multiyear plan to bring those costs into rates in a way that is more smoother for customers and more consistent with the deployment of capital. That would be anything if we could achieve things like that in our jurisdictions.
Lynn Good: We are operating under cap in Indiana and the costs that we have incurred are under the cap, so we do not have positive risk in Indiana at this point.
Lynn Good: After recognition of $295 million impairment, the remaining investment in Crystal River should be recoverable under the various provisions, so it would be about roughly $1.2 billion at the end of June on the Crystal River plant. Approximately $300 million on the upgrade environment. Then the Levy investment is probably around $250 million.
Lynn Good: Okay. Thanks, Michael. Okay. Well, thank you all for participating, for your questions. We are looking forward to visiting with many of you in the fall conference season. And, as always, the IR team is available if there are follow-up questions, so thank you so much.
