William Johnson: Thanks Mark. Before we move to your questions, I’ll wrap up with slide 19, which lists some of the key value drivers for Progress Energy. We have a very good system modernization strategy that results in system improvement, economic development in our states, and rate-based growth. We have strong future growth prospects given our service territories and our strategy, and we have financial flexibility and an attractive sustainable dividend. We believe these value drivers make Progress Energy an attractive place to invest, and now we will be glad to take your questions.
William Johnson: Well, just, where we are today, we’re going to work hard to try to make up as much of that as we can, but I don’t think it’s likely we will make up the entire amount, especially the overage in the – outages that have already occurred. So I do think we’ll be a little above O&M. Hopefully we will work it down between now and the end of the year, but I don’t think we’ll get back to the budget number. 
William Johnson: Well, a couple reasons. First of all, we did move to the top half of the rang, which we think is a pretty positive mover. As you said, the major element here is weather, with some flexibility in Florida given the rate order. But we have proven, I think everybody’s proven, unable to predict the future weather, so we’re going to assume normal weather for the rest of the year, and we have a couple of other moving parts that tend to make us a little bit cautious.  One of them is the economy. Although we say there’s slight improvement, we consider this to be very fragile improvement. I know you saw the jobs numbers yesterday that were released and the impact they’re having this morning. Our three states that we serve continue to have higher than national average unemployment and it doesn’t look like it’s moving very fast down.  We also have another nuclear outage this year in the fall, at the Harris plant, and I don’t lack confidence in our ability to execute in that outage, but it’s a major outage. It has some major O&M dollars and I would feel a little better about knowing that was done and done well before we talked about guidance again. So those are the kind of things that are cutting against it.
William Johnson: I think we’re going to turn to Vinnie Dolan for this, if he can answer this question I think that precedes most of the rest of us.
William Johnson: I’ll give you the general outline of this and Tom Sullivan will correct me if I’m wrong, but on the repair costs, there’s a deductible amount and then the rest of the repairs are covered, assuming they are covered by the insurance, which we believe they are and we’re already getting payments on. So a deductible on that. On the replacement power, there is a deductible period on the front end, of 12 weeks, and then it runs for a very long time. It’s not foreseeable to us that we would come to the end of the replacement power period under the insurance. So I think we’re covered on both of those.
William Johnson: Yes, the – as we took concrete off we discovered that there were some additional cracking higher up in the elevations that we had to excavate and repair. And that’s just time consuming and precise work. As I said, this is something you need to do right, and you need to take the time to do it right, so that’s really the scope change that we have encountered.
William Johnson: Well, my objective here on O&M is to hold it as flattish – I’m not sure if that’s a word, but – as flattish as possible. And we’ve been doing a pretty good job of that, maybe in the 1% or flattish over the last couple years. I would love to see us do that a couple more years. You know, you can’t do that forever, but we are working hard as things Lean and efficiency and just doing our business better. And so I’m – it’s a little too early to say what the O&M numbers are going to be next year, but I would think we’re not going to increase it to the same levels that we’ll see this year. We just hope to get back to a little easier run rate next year.
William Johnson: It’s very difficult for us to see that in our business. We read the same things that you do in the paper, that tourism in the Florida coast is 25% down, and numbers like that. But we have not seen that in our results.
William Johnson: So you know I’m not going to give you a definitive answer to that question. I’ll tell you what it looks like. Obviously you have recourse to contractors if they didn’t do something right, didn’t act reasonably. I will say in this instance, this event is as complicated an event as anyone I think has seen in the civil industry. It took us several months with a number of supercomputers to figure out what actually happened, and so we may get to that point of asking that question at some point. At the moment we’re focused on getting it fixed, getting it fixed safely, and getting it back in service. I would just say this is an unforeseen complicated event that I don’t think anyone has ever had the experience we’ve had before.
William Johnson: I wouldn’t say that’s a concern and obviously if we get that direction that would be something we’d consider very strongly. But as we said earlier we think we’re going to have a proceeding in Florida about this year, about this next year, and part of that proceeding is that we will explain what we’ve done to find remedies for this. 
William Johnson: Well the economy, whether we will sustain any kind of increase in usage, what actually happens with the weather. You know, a couple of bad weeks, or a couple of cool weeks of weather in August/September can make a lot of difference in the numbers. The third quarter is exceptionally weather sensitive. Another nuclear outage in the fall. But we just think a good place to be is in the top half of that range for the moment until we get a little more clarity through the end of the third quarter.
William Johnson: So there are two new commissioners that either have been or are about to be sworn in, and we haven’t seen them in action yet. But we hope that they will do what commissioners are supposed to do, which is follow the law, look at the facts, and balance the interests of all the stakeholders. Our Florida stipulation goes through the end of 2012, and so you should think about us filing some time that would get us rates around the beginning of 2013.
William Johnson: Yeah, so whatever the – there’s a regulatory clock that runs once you make the filing, and we would target something, assuming that the world continues as we know it, to get us at the beginning of 2013 with new rates. 
William Johnson: So we have a significant coal-to-gas repowering program here, with a couple of big combined cycles, and just guessing, but we think we probably will need to be in or have rates effective sometime in the 2013 time frame. So 2012 to 2013, somewhere in that area we’ll be filing. 
William Johnson: There is a process going on here in North Carolina with a commission looking at the future of energy in our state here, and all of those things you just described are being discussed, or will be discussed, by that commission, and I would expect in the next year or two there would be a legislative reform of the way the utility regulation works. So that’s really being discussed and when it’s ripe it’ll be announced.  
William Johnson: Yes, you need a legislative change to – you might be able to get a tracker here or there on something but in general what you’re describing requires a statutory change.
William Johnson: Well, if there is a consensus in the state that this is a good idea, and we adopt the state energy policy, and those kind of things, it’s possible. It’s hard to predict what will happen in any legislature, including the one here. But I will say this is a topic of significant discussion. There’s an official commission who’s thinking about this and really they’re not – maybe they’re half way through their work – so there’s a little time here to go, but I think that you will see something over the next year or two where we try to modernize our utility regulation.
William Johnson: Thank you. In summary, we’re off to a pretty good start for the year. We’re going to keep a close eye on O&M for the rest of the year, and work our plan, work hard, and hope to have a very good call at the end of the next quarter. So we appreciate your interest and your participation in the call. Thanks. 
Mark Mulhern: Yeah, Greg, it’s Mark. Obviously July was strong again, but we did have a good strong July in terms of weather, more in Carolina than in Florida. We’re off to a good start with respect to the weather for the third quarter.
Mark Mulhern: And Andrew, this is Mark, just a little color to just the environment we’re in. And you know, with gas prices where they’ve been and some availability of generation in Florida we have been very active in managing this situation and I think in general think we have a pretty good handle on the replacement power costs for the rest of the year. 
Mark Mulhern: Yeah, actually it’s higher than that. It’s $0.28, so we had $0.08 of positive weather for the first six months of last year, so delta to normal for us would be $0.28.
Mark Mulhern: Yeah Paul this is Mark. We’ve been telling folks that at least in our plan that we had a target of about $300 million of new equity in 2011 that would be in our plan and we do that through the investor plus plans primarily and I think that’s a fair assumption to maintain here. 
Mark Mulhern: Yeah, I mean, I think it’s obviously been challenging, especially in Florida. I think there are the inventory of homes and real estate issues there continue to be challenging. I think in the Carolinas even we’ve seen the industrials come back a bit but our commercial exposure, our commercial class in the Carolinas is still struggling a bit. But again, our thesis has always been that our territories will recover potentially a little faster than the rest of the nation. They’re still very attractive places to live, there’s still a lot of positive factors in both our economies in Florida and the Carolinas, so I would expect, again I think it’s going to be slow, but I think we should on a comparative basis be a little better than the rest of the country. 
Mark Mulhern: Paul, it’s Mark. You know, we started down the road since we had the settlement, that we thought it was appropriate to start to take some of the theoretical depreciation reserve into the income statement in the quarter. That’s obviously subject to change if that becomes an issue for us in the second half of the year, if weather’s so strong that we are, obviously, pushing against the ROE cap. We can reconsider that but we thought it was a smart thing to start to take some of it. If you’ll recall we had $0.10 in our original guidance around regulatory progress, so we just started here. We’ve got $0.02 in the quarter, so that was really the decision that was made.
Mark Mulhern: Mark, with the completion of the scrubber activity that we’ve done in our larger coal units we have been able to mix in some higher sulfur coal, but our Carolina source is still primarily Central Ap, but we may have small segments of it that come from other places, but it’s really Central Ap mostly there. At Florida we’ve got a little Illinois basin coming in but, again, we’re pretty much concentrated on Central Ap coal in Carolina.
Mark Mulhern: Yeah, Ashar, you should – you can – and I think in the appendix we show at least the near-term maturities that we have to refinance, but you should think about it from a thesis of the capital program will be funded at the utilities. So if there’s additional capital that needs to get raised to fund the capital plan it will be through secured financing at each of the utilities. So I would expect, just in general terms, without giving you real specifics on dollars, the Carolina program where we’re doing our coal-to-gas repowering, where we’re building new combined cycles, I think you’ll see some new debt issuance at Progress Energy Carolina over that next 3-4 year period as we get through the construction of those larger combined cycles. There will be less need in Florida just because of less concentration of new cap ex there. So that’s how I would think about it.
Mark Mulhern: Probably a little high, and we really have only talked about next year, so that’s kind of how I would confine my comments to that, at least for the moment.
Mark Mulhern: Yeah, I’m going to let Jeff Stone, our controller, just give you a little bit of the info on that one.
Mark Mulhern: Well Ted, our portfolio, we’re actually over-hedged for the next 12 months. In other words we’ve got a full hedging complement for our coal so we’re not very much in the spot market at all. So I would say that at least from the - generally the utilities the way they’re contracted, spot activity would be relatively light. And I can’t comment exactly what all the drivers are around some of those issues but I would expect that because of the heat and demand, I’m sure these coal plants have been running fairly well and so there may have been a need to make up some volume in the spot markets in some of the utilities.
Vincent Dolan: Andrew, that outage resulted in a settlement agreement back in ’98. It was one of the first settlement agreements - that was the beginning of a string of settlement agreements where we agreed to absorb some of the cost in the short term in exchange for some favorable settlement terms that I think on balance balanced that out pretty equitably between the company and consumer groups. But I would also point out a pretty distinct difference in that outage. I think it was very different in terms of the circumstances that caused the outage. Back then the company made a judgment about how the commission would determine the outcome of that, but I think it’s very different than the facts around this outage. And those are the facts about how this root cause was unforeseen as part of the outage here at Crystal River 3. So I think the facts are very different about the two outcomes, but I would say that we settled that with the parties back in ’98 and I think it worked out well on both sides.
Vincent Dolan: We did, but there was some consideration for the capital expenses that we adjusted and earned on over time, so it’s a little more complicated than that, but I would say there was some trading that again I would just say that it worked out well, I think, on both sides.
Vincent Dolan: On the replacement power we have what adds up to about three years’ worth and a total of, I believe it’s $480 million maximum on just the replacement power side.
