Lynn Good: Thank you, Steve. Let me briefly close with our priorities for 2014 and beyond as outlined on Slide 21. Simply stated, we will focus on achieving our financial objectives, including our earnings per share guidance range for 2014 as well as the growing a dividend and maintaining a strong balance sheet. We will also focus on driving further productivity in our businesses and deploying capital for the benefit of our customers and shareholders. As I mentioned, we will also turn our attention to enhance value from our commercial businesses, including advancing our process to access the Midwest generation business. We will maintain our focus on strong outreach to our important state and federal stakeholders as overall industry times and regulations continue to evolve. Duke Energy is a low-risk long-term holding with an excellent track record of performance. I am honored to lead this company and work with an extremely talented team. I am very pleased with what we have accomplished in 2013 and our platform gives us many opportunities to grow the company and create value for our customers, investors and communities. With that, let’s open the phone lines for your questions.
Lynn Good: Yeah sure. We haven't made a decision on use of proceeds; we would like this process to mature over the course of 2014 and we will look at incremental investment opportunities that maybe right and what I also would say is we would not roll out a share buyback but this decisions will made down the road as we complete the process.
Lynn Good: Dan the earnings contribution of the Midwest generation is in 2014 and then as we think about the build-up for growth over the 14 to 16 period we believe that redeployment of the proceeds will be accretive and be a strong contributor to the 4% to 6% growth rate.
Lynn Good: Dan I would say it's an catalyst for the review. We look at a strategic review of the International probably 5 or 6 years. We think it's appropriate to do so again, we do this periodically for all of our businesses. We’re pleased with the International business, the contributions that they have made overtime but we would like to explore positioning for better growth and for optimization of cash flow so that will be your focus in ’14.
Lynn Good: Dan I wouldn’t jump to monetization of International. What I would suggest is let us work through the process and evaluate a range of options and as we complete our review we will be in a position to talk further about it.
Lynn Good: Yes, Julien, I think it’s premature to talk about the range of options. What I would say is just emphasizing looking at rate to position the business to grow and also ways to further optimize cash flow. The fact that we were able to identify an bring 750 million home, I think is a good indication of works that we put underway in 2013 and we will just continue that strategic focus in ‘14 as we have more information, we will of course sharing.
Lynn Good: Brian, this is an early stage evaluation of infrastructure in the Southeast as we continue look at adding gas fired generation in the Carolinas, in particular, we have independent CGR on a pipeline infrastructure that we brought to explore other options. And so this is something that is on our radar screen for strategic growth and objective that we would like to achieve. We also think it’s important for reliability for customers and so we will be exploring that over the next year or two to see if an investment makes sense.
Lynn Good: Let me break that question down. I will speak first of all about Dan River, we have been very focused over the last two weeks with a 24/7 operation to put a permanent solution in place and to begin remediation. We will take the learning from this experience and look for ways that we can improve overall management of our ash ponds and we are very focused on ensuring the integrity of our basins throughout our system and so that effort will continue. If I could position [ph] to the broader level about ash pond remediation and implications of the coal combustion residuals we do expect the two rules by the end of this year and when Steve talked about the $4.5 billion to $5 billion that does include ash pond closures, it also includes conversions to dry handling and so those estimates will continue to be updated and evolve as these regulations are finalized.
Lynn Good: Yes. We have had a good history of environment recovery and I think 85% of our environmental costs are in Indiana and the Carolinas and we have again through the recovery of environmental cost in both of those jurisdictions.
Lynn Good: I will take the first part of the question Michael, we’re trending to 70% in 2014 and so we will look very closely at increasing the level of the dividend in working with the Board of course but it's ultimately their decision but our aspiration is to grow the dividend ever trying consistent with earnings growth. I think the latter part of our question is probably something that is few years out that we look at the way the macro trends in the business continue to evolve. So I think our objective is always put together a combination of earnings growth and dividend that’s attracted to our shareholders and that objective won't change.
Lynn Good: We have specifics and key trends here. Michael let me direct the question to Keith, he can give you a little bit of visibility and what’s in our plan over the next three years and then you can talk me on that.
Lynn Good: I think the facts were announced yesterday and we’re taking advisors in play. So I think we will be in a position to give you more clarity on timing as we move into the first quarter call but based on our present expectations we think a 12 month period is probably a reasonable planning assumption.
Lynn Good: Thank you and thank you for interesting in Duke Energy. We look forward to seeing many of you in the weeks and months ahead. So thanks again.
Steven Young: I think our CapEx profile does grow beyond 2016. I think back in our appendices we show that our rate base growth moves in the range of 6% beyond 2016 as we ramp up the lead combined cycle plants essential for the Florida combined cycle. And also we will see a change in 2016 and beyond as we become a significant taxpayer in a decrease and deferred taxes now put on to push on our rate base as well, Shar. So I think we do have growth in the earnings base.
Steven Young: We have pretty good line of sight for that Jonathan. Our revenue pricing in our contracts in Brazil is tagged to inflation indices that have been pretty consistent and they are on lagging indices so we have already seen some of those metric come through and the forecast for inflation in Brazil and so forth are pretty stable and so we feel pretty good about this pricing metrics.
Steven Young: We project that we are going to be earning very close to our allowed returns in all of our jurisdictions. You do have regulatory lag, but you have also got new investments that are going into Reuters and accruing AFUDC and earnings and so forth. Additionally, one of the big key elements that gets us to a rate freeze period is being able to eliminate rate lag due to O&M increases keeping O&M flat is very significant here and should help us to earn our allowed returns.
Steven Young: Yes, in the other area that we are looking at two things that occur there, you got Holdco interest expense, which goes up as you issue a Holdco debt to fund some of the growth in the business and then we do expect our effective tax rate to jump and increase by roughly 1% and the effective tax rate goes up for a couple of reasons. One is that as you move forward, the Progress entity has less permanent differences, less tax benefits, so when it’s mixed into the Duke entity as a whole, which has renewables and international, it pushes the effective tax rate up a bit. Also we are seeing that we have less AFUDC equity impacts in the tax rate, so that drives the effective tax rate up a bit as well.
Steven Young: We have looked at Yieldcos, Brian. And we will continue to keep an eye on those types of financing vehicles, but a couple of things to keep in mind on a Yieldco that we are looking now. One is that we trade as a Yieldco already and so isolating assets there may not have as much incremental benefit for our shareholders. Another thing you have to keep an eye with Yieldcos is they require very disciplined investment profile. You typically have to match up the investments with tax benefits that roll off under accelerated depreciation and it requires quite a disciplined investment in capital and that flexibility in our capital planning maybe a hurdle in setting up a yield curve.
Steven Young: Income taxes were a large portion of that. We have found have some state optimization tax benefit opportunities that we took advantage of, there were also some lower cost in our captive insurance area as well.
Steven Young: At the renewables business a great deal of the economics are driven by tax benefits that’s correct Michael.
Steven Young: The net book value of the property, plant and equipment net of accumulated depreciations in the ballpark of 3.5 billion. There will be other items that could come into play in this calculation, inventories deferred taxes, some of those kind of things. I don’t want to be over precise by 3.5 billion is the property, plant and equipment.
