Lynn Good: Sure. Thank you for the question. We did layout in the slide deck the underlying investments around the $6 billion, $1.5 billion of it is in Florida, $4 billion in Carolinas and then we see incremental investment in our Gas LDCs of $1 billion. But I think to your point, the recent legislation in Florida represents a longer-term opportunity, and we see up to $5 billion over a decade or so of investment in that infrastructure. And as we move through the process of finalizing our existing multiyear plan and resetting that into the future, I do believe there will be ongoing potential for investment in Florida in a way that adds a lot of value to customers and investors.
Lynn Good: Sure. Shahriar, the first point I would make on this, which I think is really important is the Dominion order did provide recovery of the costs. And that is a significant outcome, which we, of course, believe makes sense given its decommissioning of coal plants that have provided great value to our customers over generations. We have read the notice of decision, but I also think it's important to recognize that we have not yet seen the order. So we don't understand all of the elements, we don't understand the rationale. I think it's fair to say that this order will be specific to the facts and circumstances in this case. And although we'll learn from it, I'm not prepared to say how it will impact us directly.  But we will be presenting our case in the DEC case in March and DEP in May and hopefully have the opportunity to learn more from the order as we prepare to enter into those proceedings.
Lynn Good: Shahriar, when we put together a 5-year plan, we do so assuming a range of outcomes. And so that would include amortization, that would include various assumptions around cost recovery. But I also want to emphasize that we believe a lack of return over an extended amortization period is detrimental to our balance sheet and the customers over the long term, and therefore, we believe these costs ought to earn a return. There is a cost of financing associated with anything that -- of this nature, and our cost of financing should be considered as part of cost of service. So we will be making those points as part of the case.
Lynn Good: On the first question, Julien, on settlement. We always explore opportunities for settlement in every case. I think when you think about the number of issues in any rate case, if we can get to resolution of any of them in advance, we'll certainly look to do that. We did that in the Carolina cases, you may recall the last time around, at least as it pertains to ROE and cap structure. So I can't forecast with certainty how that will occur or if it will occur, but we'll certainly explore those opportunities. On your second question around how it relates to each of the jurisdictions and capital. I'll take a shot at and maybe some clarity of the question would be helpful. Recently, if we hear…
Lynn Good: Sure. So we believe we've made the case soundly in all of our jurisdictions about the importance of the energy delivery system to be the backbone of the transition of renewable generation, storm hardening and the resiliency. We've had hurricane exposure in all of our southeastern jurisdictions over the last 4 years. And then cyber and physical security threats are something that are not unique to Duke Energy, but certainly important for our industry. So we feel like we've laid the groundwork for that. I think, Julien, we'll be involved in stakeholder meetings throughout 2020 in the Carolinas to further discussions around the clean energy plan. And as part of that, it will be not only advancement of how to achieve further carbon reduction but also further methods to modernize regulation, performance-based rate-making and other things that would fit quite nicely with our strategy around clean generation and good investment. So as the stakeholder processes progress in 2020 and into 2021, we'll look for opportunities to continue to pursue regulatory modernization that fits with these investments.
Lynn Good: Steve, the three things in Gas LDC, ACP and the tax adjustment around allowance for funds. Those are the three drivers.
Lynn Good: Steve, I would characterize the 5-year period is having great flexibility. And by that, I mean the robust capital plan that we have outlined for the utilities, positions the utilities very solidly within a 4% to 6% guidance range. And that gives us confidence that those utilities are going to continue to grow and grow well. And we have demonstrated the growth in those utilities over several years. And hopefully, that gives you confidence as well in our ability to deliver.  I think on the Atlantic Coast Pipeline, we will work our way through it. As we spoke about a moment ago, we've taken the step of strengthening the balance sheet to absorb a range of options. We have flexibility with our capital plans to make adjustments, to put in a plan B if one is required to build gas infrastructure to meet the needs that ACP would have met. We also have the opportunity to expand or accelerate good investments in a number of our jurisdictions. And then the ongoing productivity and flexibility around O&M represents another lever that we have in addressing returns over a 5-year period.  We have demonstrated the ability to achieve reductions in flexibility in O&M across our diverse businesses, and we see further opportunities over the 5-year period. So we're committed to driving low-risk regulated growth in earnings and dividend, and we believe that we have the capability of doing that. But we will work our way through ACP, and I think 2020 is an important year to hit some of these milestones, and we'll update all along the way.
Lynn Good: Stephen, I believe there are increasing opportunities, and we will watch those economics all along the way. And as I think back over even the last 2 to 3 years. Every time we set a forward forecast, it has increased and improved. And I think that will be the case into the 2020s.
Lynn Good: Yes. And at this point, we're forecasting 1,750 megawatts of solar, Stephen. And we'll continue to update that as we go. But I think to your point, as you think out over a decade, the bias is that number is going to go up.
Lynn Good: Stephen, I believe we've taken care of the range of outcomes on ACP with a $2.5 billion. The one thing in the financing plan that we would evaluate as we have the DRIP and ATM on through, I believe, 2022, with an idea that we potentially could moderate in '23 and '24 if ACP is on. We will evaluate whether or not the DRIP and ATM should be a part of the financing plan in all events for '23 and '24 depending on outcome. But I think that's the only thing I would point to is something that we'll have ongoing evaluation. But we feel like that we've put in front of you with the equity that we've issued and maintaining the DRIP through 2022 with this additional capital is a solid plan that will meet our credit metrics, our earnings guidance and absorb outcomes around ACP.
Lynn Good: So Mike, we have given you some financial considerations on Slide 17 on allowance for funds in '20 and then full year in-service in '22 and beyond, what you can expect in terms of the contribution of ACP. The dilution that we will experience in 2021 will be absorbed by incremental allowance for funds in that year while the project is still under construction. And so I would think about putting that equity into the plan in 2021. And then the combination of the utility results we've shared with you today as well as what we're sharing on ACP is the earnings platform with financing that you can expect over the 5-year period.
Lynn Good: So the gating item on construction is the biological opinion and the incidental take statement. So the restoration of the environmental impact study. So if you look again at Slide 17, we're forecasting that reissuance of the permit in the middle part of 2020. So you should think about construction as being in the latter -- restart of construction mean the latter half of 2020.
Lynn Good: Even if you look at the capital in the appendix that will give you a sense of the growth in each of the utilities. So on average, every utility is growing within the 4% to 6% range. Some are higher than that. And Gas, of course, is higher than that. But the combination, the average of all of the utilities together are at the 6% CAGR.
Lynn Good: So we have laid out on Slide 11 kind of how this comes in. And I think we could spend some time with the IR team to give you some specifics on what it looks like in '20, '21, '22. I think the combination of that chart in the detail in the appendix, we'd be happy to walk you through.
Lynn Good: Andrew, the only thing I would add to that is all of our jurisdictions continue to perform with GDPs above national average. The weakness we saw in industrial was largely driven by some of the uncertainties around tariffs that surface in 2019. But as Steve said, we are beginning to see some signs of rebound in the specific customer circumstances and hope for a stronger 2020.
Lynn Good: And I think, Andrew, as we more solidly position the dividend within the payout range, our longer-term goal is to grow the dividend at the same pace of earnings. And this moderation we're experiencing here in the short-term will give us the flexibility to do that over the longer term.
Lynn Good: Well, I want to thank everyone for joining the call today. We're proud of our accomplishments in 2019 and believe that the company is well positioned not only to deliver industry-leading service to our customers but also results -- strong results for our shareholders in the years ahead. We look forward to seeing you at our ESG Investor Day in May and also look forward to any follow-up questions that you have, our IR team will be available. So thanks again for joining us.
Steven Young: Sure. As I alluded to, we priced out the $2.5 billion of equity, we will settle that in late 2020. That plus the DRIP/ATM equity through 2022 are the equity needs that we see will finance the rest of our needs and refundings through a combination of holding company and operating company debt issuances. And we feel comfortable about that financing plan and maintaining the credit ratings.
Steven Young: Right. Let me give some clarity here. The incremental equity dealt with Atlantic Coast Pipeline and delays associated with that and the cash flows, that, therefore, delayed when we determine the project needed to go in 1 phase in 2022 as opposed to having cash flows coming in, in 2021. And that equity dealt with a number of ranges of outcomes with ACP, and it still does. The incremental CapEx spend that we got in the plan, we can deal with under that same amount of equity.  We've got other tools that we've utilized. We issued $1 billion of equity content securities in 2019 at very attractive rates. We have continued to find operational efficiencies through O&M that we described earlier that helps the balance sheet as well. We executed on the John Hancock transaction, and could envision dropping other assets into mechanisms like that, that provide some liquidity. So the equity -- the $2.5 billion equity has not been used up for the incremental CapEx. We can deal with it with the equity I described.
Steven Young: Yes, I would say, looking at 2019, we had strong growth across all of our segments. You look at the Electric Utilities, we had a full year of the 2018 North Carolina rate cases. We had a partial year of the 2019 South Carolina rate cases. We saw Midwest grid continue to roll through. We had the Ohio rate case that added a few cents. Our energy efficiency rider, particularly in the Carolinas, added several cents. So we saw good, solid growth on the electric side. So I would add that.
Steven Young: Steve, I just want to go -- to go back to your question, just to also let you know for 2019, we had a beat of our original target by $0.06, but I'd also want to highlight that we accelerated $0.04 of O&M from future years for foundation contributions. We also accelerated several cents for vedge management from future years in this particular calendar year. So we had a lot of optimization around 2019 as well. Absent those things, the beat would have been larger. So I just want to make it clear.
Steven Young: So there's no incremental coal ash spend in that number at all. It's a -- there's a comparable level to what we've had in the past.
Steven Young: Sure, Mike. We're looking at having commercial renewables contribute between $200 million and $250 million a year during the plan. It will depend on the timing of projects. But that's keeping pretty level -- pretty flat with the level that they got to in 2019. So we're not showing a lot of growth there. We did shift the Palmer solar project to 2020. That was another optimization move as we got late in the year.  That will help the 2020 earnings. But they'll be between $200 million and $250 million a year through our plan. We've got all of 2020 lined up and locked up, and we've got 60% of the net income over the 5-year period in hand as well. So a rough number that you think about is roughly landing 300 megawatts a year of projects to keep that going. And between the markets that we're in and the crispy programs in North Carolina and so forth, we think that's very attainable.
Steven Young: Yes, the gross project costs are about $2 billion on our books now. We've got about $800 million or $900 million of construction financing against that.
Steven Young: Yes, I think our rate base growth is at the 6% level over the period of time there. And CapEx may vary in terms of how it's loaded through the type of CapEx, but I'd have to look in more detail on that and the IR team can help you with that.
Steven Young: Sure. 2019 was a rough year for the economy as a whole and that translated to our industry and lower kilowatt-hour sales. We saw that in many of our peers as well. The good news for us is that we see tremendous customer growth. We saw the best customer growth in 2019 we've seen in many years, particularly in the Carolinas and Florida. As we look forward, we'll see some of that customer growth translate into some favorable growth, we believe. We also think that there will be some rebound as we look at some of our industrial customers. A few have had some singular issues with outages, supply chain issues and so forth. So we think they may get some traction as we move forward in 2020 to help rebound off a bad year. Our overall growth expectation, load growth expectation is 0.5%. And there'll be years like 2018 that are very strong years followed by some years that are a little weaker, but we think that's a reasonable place to be over the 5-year period. We do expect to see some growth over '19 and 2020 as '19 was kind of a low year. And again, we're seeing some favorable indicators from some of our industrials in our service territories.
Steven Young: Well, that's just where it tracks based on the assumptions we put there. We'll certainly monitor that as we go forward. It's nice to have the flexibility to look at the dividend as it gets to the lower end of the range, but we have that flexibility. So we're not committing to anything on that, but it's nice to be tracking in that direction.
Steven Young: A couple of factors that come in, you -- as you build investment base for the upcoming rate case, you will incur some lag, as I referred to, and then you'll catch that up when you have a rate case. So some of those returns will move around depending upon rate case timing. And I think that's one of the factors to think about as well.
