Lynn Good: The answer to that is yes, Shar and let me talk about the various cost initiatives that are underway. The $300 million that we identified for last year, I would call largely structural. When we talk about 75% of it being achievable, it’s because we’re making fundamental changes and the way we’re completing work, staffing work, prioritizing work, et cetera. When we talk about the actions we’re taking in response to weak weather, I would call those more tactical. This is deferral, this is reducing non-critical work, third-party spend, expenses, those types of things that we have done so many times, as you know. And so the combination of all of these activities as well as the fact we enter any given year expecting a range of outcomes and establishing contingencies that are planning in case something doesn’t work out exactly as planned, we are confident in reaffirming the range of $5.55 to $5.75. And so we’ll continue to update you as the year progresses, but our [indiscernible] reaffirming at this point.
Lynn Good: Yes, sure. I appreciate the question. And we are continuing strong progress. We’re in the late stages and expect to be able to provide more information shortly on where we are. Given the fact that we have placed the business into discontinued operations, we continue to evaluate whether we have the right recognition of net book value on the financial statements and did take an additional impairment charge representing further progression of the process. I would say to you, though, that the estimated value that we see in this process remains within our planning assumptions. So there is nothing here that I would point to as a surprise for us as we move through the process. As we have continued the negotiations and marketing is complete, we’re in discussions with select bidders. And we have made a decision to separate the process involving, for example, two projects that we are a minority owner of and concluded that the natural owner is the majority owner based on discussions and negotiations that progressed. So you should look at all of this as a demonstration that we’re nearing the end of the process and we’ll be anxious to announce and give you further feedback as soon as that’s appropriate.
Lynn Good: Julien, I would say our primary focus at Duke is executing what we think is one of the strongest organic growth plans around. As you look at the clean energy transition going on in the Carolinas, Indiana, is beginning transition of generation as well with CPCNs coming yet this year. Florida is continuing to deliver strength with not only solar development, but also grid investment from the storm production plan. So we feel like we've got just a robust capital plan moving forward and strong jurisdictions. So our primary focus is on organic growth. As you note though, assets do become available from time to time. We will look at them if they make sense for us but we'll do so in a disciplined way that maintains a focus on our balance sheet, maintains our focus on growth, maintains a focus on constructive jurisdictions that recognize the right balance between utility health and customer value, and I'll just leave it there.
Lynn Good: It’s a really good question, Julien, because we have continued to update the IRP in Indiana. Our coal retirement profile remains largely the same, but we are seeing increase in renewables as a result of the IRA, and we're also seeing the impact of Mica's new planning assumptions and how we ought to be addressing that over time. So we are on the verge of CPCN filings that will include both intermittent and non-intermittent resources. We will update the IRP again in 2024 and continue to evaluate whether we're moving at the right pace around the energy transition. I would say as we get into the back part of the decade, there probably is more potential in Indiana around that transition, but we'd like to work through this process to get it started in a way that makes sense for customers in the state. So more to come on Indiana, really pleased with the progress we're making.
Lynn Good: Yes. Steve, I would say we're really pleased with public staff and the industrials two important parties and the case in Indiana. The Attorney General will be there as well as some of the consumer groups, environmental groups, et cetera. But we feel like the settlement is very strong with public, staff and the industrials. We also have a settlement on the performance incentive mechanisms, allocation and transmission, there're a host of things included. So we believe it's a demonstration of strong progress. We're on the stand starting, I guess May 4th of last week, and feel like we have a very strong case.
Lynn Good: So I can't speak to the other party on what – on what they may think about what we've put together, but I believe the strength of the settlement public, staff and Sigfois noteworthy.
Lynn Good: I feel like it's a really key step in that direction, Steve, because for the first time, we have approval of forward capital in a way that gives us some confidence. And the construct of the legislation is such that we have an opportunity to adjust price as that capital is spent in a way that, as you know, is really new and new in the Carolinas and will reduce regulatory lag. So I think starting back with the legislation, we've been making progress towards modernization and now with the settlement have approval of that capital or have a settlement around that capital, of course, commissioned to approve in a way that we feel like we're making strong progress.
Lynn Good: Yes, David, I would say we're continuing it with our progress of about 300 megawatts a year. And as we get deeper into the plan, I think we'll consider whether we're moving quickly enough. The multi-year rate plan for Florida runs through 2025 – 2024. The team is signaling me here. So effective 2025 will kind of reset that expectation in Florida, and we'll continue to look at whether we're, delivering the right amount of capital and customer value as we go, always focused on not only continuing to, develop renewables at a pace, but also delivering value to customers along the way.
Lynn Good: David, I think our posture is always to look for ways to achieve settlement. If you think about the calendar of – or the procedural calendar of any rate case, typically parties file their positions and then you have an opportunity to sit down and discuss. We will of course pursue that in the DEC case as we did in this one. And we'll keep you updated as the summer progresses.
Lynn Good: Well, thank you and thanks to all of you who joined today and for your interest and investment in Duke. We're available for follow-on questions after this call and look forward to talking soon. Thanks so much.
Brian Savoy: Thanks, Julien. And it’s the right question, and it is top of mind for us and for investors. Just thinking about what was the pressure we felt in 2022? It was really focused on deferred fuel, right? We under-collected nearly $4 billion of deferred fuel. We also had storm restoration costs of around $0.5 billion. So the balance sheet were $4.5 billion of cost that we didn’t plan for as we moved into 2022. We’re starting to recover that deferred fuel at DEP and Duke Energy Florida, Duke Energy Carolinas will happen later this year, and we put a chart in the slides to show that balance come off over the next two years. And as we recover those deferred fuel balances, along with the proceeds of commercial renewables, we feel that the balance sheet is where it needs to be the target of 14% FFO to debt is the right target with the right cushion to deal with contingencies that come year in and year out and positions us for no equity through 2027.
Brian Savoy: Definitely take that, Bill. Thanks for the question. And I want to remind you that Q1 of 2022 was a robust quarter. We had 6% year-over-year growth that quarter, strengthen in all sectors. As we were coming out of the COVID rebound, that was the peak point. And so we're comparing to a high watermark and volume trends normalized to our expectations over the course of 2022. And when we looked at this year with extreme weather in January and February, as I mentioned, it's really hard to pinpoint what the, the true weather normalized volumes are in those situations. And when we analyzed March and April results, weather was close to normal in both those months and the volume trends were on track with our expectations for the year. So we do feel like this is bracketed into January and February as far as the weakness and we feel confident that our 0.5% load growth in 2023 and the long-term outlook around a 0.5% is right for us because of the customer growth we're seeing at 1.7% as well as the industrial expansions and economic development activity in our regions.
Brian Savoy: Yes. Bill, we have investments and Benefit Trust’s and other types of investments like that are captive insurer and market returns go up and down. We obviously had a strong first quarter S&P was up around 8% and that was reflected in the market returns in that section.
