Lynn Good: Thanks, Shar. Sure. I would start by saying sure we have a lot of experience in dealing with portfolio transactions if you think about the history of Duke. And as we began the strategic review process, a lot of work has been done, not only to challenge our strategic assumptions, but also to do work in the market, hiring advisers, understanding the range of potential valuations, including soliciting feedback from the market and feedback from credible counterparties. So we do have indications of interest, robust indications of interest from credible counterparties and have a high degree of confidence that we will transact on this business. All of that went into our decision to announce the sale. So that’s kind of consistent with the way we would approach anything of this magnitude and this type of decision to do our homework before we announce. So when we look at the guidance range for 2023. We not only have commercial renewables contemplated, but the high degree of confidence will execute, but we have strong regulated growth. And we also have strong cost mitigation already in place and ready to go in light of some of the headwinds that we’re all experiencing in the economy. So I feel like we’ve put together a very credible guidance range for a company that represents 1 of the strongest regulated utilities in the industry, we feel like 2023 is off to a strong start.
Lynn Good: We believe we can manage within this range, Shar. We wouldn’t have put it out there if we didn’t think we could do that, so high degree of confidence in executing and a high degree of confidence in the range.
Lynn Good: Sure. Shar, what I would say to you is the feedback in this process is something that looks reasonable and somewhat predictable to us. So the solar industry is interested in more solar. The industrials are interested in low prices. Low income we’re interested in the impact to low income. Attorney general and the environmental community want us to go as fast as we can to reduce carbon. So as we look at how the hearing rolled out the testimony that we presented the case that we put forward, we felt like all of those positions were well understood, we’re well discussed in the hearing and didn’t find them surprising in any way, frankly. But that’s what creates kind of the fertile ground for the commission to make decisions. And the good news is, in the near-term, it’s all about solar and battery. And we have time on the long-term to make decisions about some of the more difficult pump storage, SMR offshore wind. And so we think there is a strength to our recommendation to use the next couple of years to look at development on those key technologies so that we’re prepared by the middle of the decade to make the decisions about where to go. So I would say a very good process, a very transparent process, not surprising in any way on where the parties put forward their positions. And I think the commission has a lot of good information on which to make their decision, and we expect them to do so by the end of the year.
Lynn Good: Sure. And Julien, I think for planning purposes, we are thinking about the commercial renewables transaction is being mid-year. And we will know more as we get into the final round, bidding, etcetera, and hope to be able to give you more feedback in the February call. But I think midyear is the partial year would be the right planning assumption. And on the cost reduction, I think you’ll recall that back in the second quarter, we had undertaken something that we call the work reduction initiative, really focused on ways we can simplify work, use digital technologies in order to streamline our governance processes, our reporting processes, etcetera, and we were targeting $200 million. We were also, at the same time, looking at supply chain and looking at other things that we could do to potentially more tactically move O&M out of ‘23. And we were able to increase that $200 million target to $300 million. We have sized that, Julien, to give us confidence around the macroeconomic trends. So when I look at interest rates, for example, we are in a position with the work that we’ve done to be able to hit this guidance range despite the headwind of interest rates. And as we look ahead beyond 2023, we have modest amounts of maturities in ‘24. And we also see the benefit of the IRA showing up more materially in 2024. I think we’ve talked about the nuclear PTCs being consequential for us. We see IRA is not only benefiting customers but being credit positive, cash flow positive to the utility. So we feel like we’ve got good plans in place here and are really pleased that we got after cost reduction. As you know, we always do early enough in 2022 that we have a high degree of confidence for 2023 and beyond. We think that the $300 million, 75% of it is sustainable.
Lynn Good: Julien, I haven’t thought about it that specifically because the way I approach every year is looking for a way to save money. So we may come up with some new ideas in 2023 for 2024. The continuous improvement mindset at Duke runs pretty deep, and we’re always trying to some ways to reduce costs.
Lynn Good: Julien, it’s several hundred million dollars, we believe. We believe our regulated fleet qualifies and we operate very low cost, very low cost nuclear units. And so we will be working with our regulators on the appropriate way to recognize those benefits. And those scenarios could have a range of passing it back over 2 years, 3 years, 5 years. And in the meantime, we have the opportunity to strengthen the balance sheet or the cash flows, if you will, from those credits.
Lynn Good: Steve, I would maybe expand the thinking to be a little broader on that. So we also use tools like interest rate hedging, which you would expect us to. We have $1 billion of proceeds from GIC coming in. we have the commercial renewable transaction. We have cost mitigation. We’ve sized it at $200 to $300 million in this year. That will carry forward, and we will continue to look for ways to drive costs out of the business. We also have the IRA coming. So I feel like we’ve got a variety of tools. And as we look at sort of the profile into ‘24, even in this present environment, we don’t have a lot of additional headwinds because of a relatively light maturity period. So I would think about all of those factors together and recognize that we are working very strategically to minimize these costs and to manage the business effectively.
Lynn Good: Steve, it’s a really good question. And one we’re looking at closely, we had set a target of being in the 65% to 70% payout range. And in this 5-year period, we will be well positioned in that range. So our expectation would be to recommend a dividend increase at the right time in the 5-year period to match something closer to the growth in the business. But I think 2% is a good planning assumption for ‘23. We will look at it again in ‘24 and beyond. But this is something that’s getting a lot of attention in light of the derisking of the business in the light of the strength of the capital, the cash flow we’re anticipating and the work that we’ve done to moderate the payout ratio.
Lynn Good: And David, I’ll make a couple of comments and then turn it over to Brian. We use a conservative load growth assumption in our planning. We size our cost structure to be consistent with that. We – but when I look at the strength of the economy that we are enjoying right now and the volumes that are coming through, we have – we’re very well positioned. And Brian made a comment in his remarks that we’re already 2% above pre-pandemic levels, which I think is quite an extraordinary rebound. But Brian, how would you add to that and maybe talk a little bit about the industrial.
Lynn Good: No, David, some of the statistics we shared with you on economic development are also noteworthy. And that’s not even a complete list of what’s happened in 2022. North Carolina was rated number one for business for a reason, which low tax environment and a good workforce, great university system, and we have had an extraordinary year from an economic development standpoint. And we expect that to show up over the 5-year period.
Lynn Good: We do see some inflationary pressures. I would point to materials. I would point to labor, but all of that, David was a part of the analysis that went into our cost reduction efforts. So, I don’t see anything happening in the inflation environment that’s impacting our commitment to drive these costs out of the business. And the other thing I would point to, a lot of the material inflation is showing up in our capital plan. And so we are monitoring that as well to make sure that we are spending capital in a prudent way to benefit customers.
Lynn Good: Yes. Nick, thanks for that question. Let me start by saying we believe our regulated business with this clean energy transition, $125 billion of capital over the 10 years has the potential to achieve at the high end of the range. But given the dynamic economic environment that we are in right now, we believe 5% to 7% is the right range to use for the planning assumption and know that we will work every year to be as well positioned within that range as we possibly can. And we have talked about many of those puts and takes, IRA benefits, reducing O&M, all of these things represent opportunities as the plan unfolds and then further this very meaningful regulatory activity that’s underway is another key ingredient. The first all-year rate plan filing for DEP occurred this year. We are expecting another one – another filing for DEC in the coming year. So, we are putting pieces in place and trying to address the macroeconomic environment at the same time. And we believe all of this given the premier regulating utilities that we offer is a very strong value proposition for investors.
Lynn Good: Nick, thank you for that. And I think as we have talked over the last year with some of the challenges in the supply chain. We have always leaned to our regulatory – regulated business and make sure we have adequate supply. And we have extended our purchasing relationship with our suppliers to extend on a multiyear period so that we have confidence around supply into ‘26 and beyond with options to continue. We are putting similar arrangements in place for battery storage. So, we are confident in our ability to execute the regulated plan and have just so many opportunities as we pursue this clean energy transition. We are working to make sure we have got the supply chain, the labor, etcetera, and have been successful so far and see that continuing.
Lynn Good: Durgesh, the sensitivity of 100 basis points, representing about $0.12 is probably the best and cleanest without getting into specific detail on commercial paper and long-term debt, recognizing the tenor can fluctuate. I think that’s a really good proxy for you, and I would point you there.
Lynn Good: Yes. So, we keep a close relationship with the agencies. And by that, I mean sharing with them all of our plans, what we expect in terms of this transaction, the de-risking of the business. I wouldn’t expect though, given the magnitude of this recently 5% of the business that it would have an impact on downgrade threshold or anything of that sort. But it gives us an opportunity to de-risk. It gives us an opportunity to bring in some cash and all of that is important to the agencies, and we will keep them apprised every step of the way.
Lynn Good: Sure. Yes. And Sophie, I appreciate that. And the one comment I would make is this is where size and scale matters because we have had an opportunity to drive costs through the supply chain as a result of that size and scale that has been helpful. But also a variety of other projects, we have been working on this over the course of the summer looking at work reduction efforts. And Brian, you might have some perspective that you would share on specific examples, maybe some of the reporting, the governance, the digital.
Lynn Good: Sophie, one example in Brian’s area that I would share, if you look at the amount of reporting that comes out of finance at Duke Energy, there is a lot of it. Not all of it results in decision-making. So, we view this as an opportunity to sweep through what kind of information do we give our operating leaders in order to manage their business. Similarly in IT, lots and lots of applications, right. Do we need all of them. Do we have applications that are only used for a handful of people and can we transfer them. With that, you have got license fees, you have got cybersecurity expense. You have people who maintain those systems. So, it’s things like that where you are just standing back and looking at all those corporate functions, the service levels we are offering and determine is there a way to do it leaner and more efficiently using technology. And as you would expect, when you look every few years, if those things opportunities arise.
Lynn Good: Yes. Michael, thank you. And let me – I will do first rate cases. So, Duke Energy Carolinas, North Carolina will be filed in early 2023. You may recall that the sequence of these things, you host a technical conference to talk about the capital in the multiyear rate plan that occurred this week or last week recently. And then the rate case will follow. We have not yet announced timing or plans for a DEC case in South Carolina. So, more to come on that, and we will keep you updated along the way. Offshore wind is something that we believe is an option over this 2030, 2040, 2050 periods here in the Carolinas. It represents diversity of supply. It is a renewable resource system. But as I say all of that, we also recognize it’s expensive. It has transmission requirements, particularly here in the Carolinas, where you have got to get the power to the load centers that are further west than the coast. And so the approach that we are taking is one of studying and learning more and also allowing the commission and stakeholders and the communities that could be impacted by both the offshore and the onshore transmission to be involved as well. We will not move first and we will not move outside of the regulated business. So, the risk reward for investors and customers has to be appropriate in order for us to move forward. And so I would say we are in evaluation mode. We think it’s an important resource. We think it is important over this clean energy transition, but we are being deliberate and thoughtful and cautious as we move into it.
Lynn Good: Michael, it’s a really good question. And what I would say to you is as we contemplated the various scenarios we presented in the carbon plan, as we contemplated the integrated resource plan in Indiana. And in fact, we are updating that integrated resource plan in India to include the new planning assumptions that MISO requires consistent with those reliability concerns. We will not present a plan that does not maintain reliability. And we will not retire assets that are needed to maintain reliability. And so that’s something that is being closely monitored. Our regulators completely understand and support that. And so I think we just have to work our way through it, making sure that we have replacement generation, transmission ready to go. The combination of resources ready to go so that when we retire, our customers can expect reliability. That is our commitment, and that’s the way we are planning and executing these transition plans.
Lynn Good: Brica, thank you and thanks to everyone who joined. We will see you in a week. We are pretty confident we will get to do this again, a small room for EEI. So, we look forward to seeing you then. Thanks again for your interest, your questions, and look forward to seeing you soon.
