Lynn Good: Thanks Steve. I am proud of how our team responded to the operational challenges of the first quarter, while remaining focused on our mission to provide customers with safe, reliable and cost effective service. We also made great progress on our 2014 and longer-term financial objectives and have taken important steps on our strategic initiatives to build a stronger future. We will continue to execute on our mission to deliver exceptional results to benefit our customers, communities and investors. Now let’s open up the lines for questions.
Lynn Good: Dan, I will take a stab at it and Steve I am sure will have something to add to it. We are optimistic about what we are seeing with three quarters. I think when we look at a really weather impacted quarter, however, the science to pull weather out isn’t perfect, and so we would love to see another quarter of strength before we formally revise estimates. So that’s how we are looking at it, but we feel like we have seen some strength here that gives us some optimism about the future. In terms of prioritization of investments, we continue to focus on deploying about 85% to 90% of our capital into our regulated businesses. We are also continuing to focus on building our commercial renewables business. And so you I would think about those initiatives progressing and the timing will really be dictated in many ways by regulatory approvals and as these opportunities develop. So that’s where I would leave it on the prioritization.
Lynn Good: Dan, we are continuing to progress with the sale process. We are targeting first round bids here in this quarter, so second quarter and then we would expect the process to continue. And we will update as we go and meet milestones on that process. In parallel, we are of course monitoring what’s going on in Ohio. AEP in particular has put forward an ESP that has a non-bypassable charge intended to provide customers with some stability around what could be market volatility. I think they have introduced the OVAC asset and potentially others. So we will continue to monitor that. I think Ohio has begun to recognize that extreme weather conditions such as the Polar Vortex may be creating reliability concerns for the state. So we will monitor how that conversation progresses.
Lynn Good: Dan, we are not thinking about it that way at this point. We are moving through the sale process. We think that makes the – fits with our strategic objectives to reduce that volatility in those assets, but we will update you as that process progresses and as we have more to say about how it’s progressing.
Lynn Good: So, actually in the slide deck, Julien, there are a couple of Slides, 9 and 25 that lay out the sub-dockets that are pending in Indiana. So, a sub-docket has been opened on fuel recovery really focused on the latter part of 2013 and the issue raised by interveners on negative generation. We do not yet have a procedural schedule on that and we will need to just progress that and update as it occurs. Our focus in Indiana is really on continuing to ramp up and complete our performance testing, optimizing the asset and moving through this important transition. I am pleased that generation has improved in March and April, and the team is very focused on continuing to deliver strong results out of the asset. So I think we will have to move through the regulatory process in the weeks and months to come, and as we have items to update, we will certainly do that.
Lynn Good: Julien, there are two types of riders, right. So it’s a fuel is the one I just spoke about where the commission has opened a sub-docket on fuel and focusing specifically on this negative generation in the fourth quarter. That proceeding is specific to fuel. There are also ongoing filings in the IGCC riders, which addresses return and address O&M recovery. And so I believe the commission has approved through IGC 11, we have 12 that we are waiting for approval on and we are filing 13. And so those would be the dockets in which interveners could challenge costs and O&M and so on. And I think that’s something we will have to monitor over time.
Lynn Good: So the Brazilian operation is off to a strong start for the first quarter, Julien. And we actually benefited from the hedging strategy because we had the opportunity to sell generation into a high priced spot market. As we continue to look at the balance of the year, we are watching this very closely. We like the fact that we have a little bit more flexibility in our contracting position which gives us some protection if the regulator or government were to move into a rationing or voluntary rationing situation, but we do not have any further information on that at this point. I think given the political environment in Brazil, the World Cup, the elections, I think that’s going to be reviewed very closely by the government and by the regulator. So we are watching it everyday. We are watching rainfall. We are looking at dispatch. We are looking at spot prices. And of course, also looking ahead to 2015 and how that could impact our contracting strategy for 2015.
Lynn Good: We have not – what we have put forward are ranges of costs around closure, around investment to dry handling and the installation of certain of these capital costs will drive O&M, but we have not provided specific ranges on the O&M at this point.
Lynn Good: Steve we are moving through the third party engineering in a sequential way kind of working through all of the basins and to the extent, there are items identified that we should address from a maintenance standpoint. We are addressing those. And what we have committed to do is provide periodic updates on our short-term and longer term actions when we reach specific milestones. We are also updating the regulators on these milestones. So, I haven’t – we haven’t made a specific commitment on what we will do around May 31, but you can expect us to make updates on the progress on our short-term plans as the year progresses.
Lynn Good: And I think proposals will develop as the session gets started. I have referenced in my comments that there has been a lot of work by the legislative body on education trying to understand the complex topic. So, I think as the session starts, we will have more information on specifics. I think you are aware we have put forward a plan that lays out specific actions around certain plants. We have also laid out a plan to accelerate investment in dry fly ash handling also moving forward with dewatering certain of the retired ponds. So we are moving forward on those actions and would expect those to be considered, although we can’t speak fully to how the legislature will address the issue broadly, but certainly that plan would be considered I think as part of the go-forward strategy.
Lynn Good: Steve, we are in good shape. It has been a challenging delivery time during the first quarter, but we feel comfortable with where our inventory is across the system.
Lynn Good: So, Jonathan, when I talk about running better, I am talking about running on the gasifiers. And so, the month of April was the third best month since the plant has been in service. I don’t have a specific capacity factor in front of me, but kind of trending up March was a strong month and then April stronger. So, we do provide monthly updates to the IURC on our generation statistics. So I think if you follow up with IR, we could probably give you little more specifics on how that generation is occurring.
Lynn Good: Yes, we are finalizing performance testing with General Electric hopefully in the month of May. And we have taken the outage in February to address some of the issues that we experienced from severe weather earlier in the year. So, I think at this point, Jonathan, it’s continuing to improve performance as optimizing procedures. And I think the team if they were on the call would tell you, they have increasing experiences – increasing experience on the operating profile of the plant is improving over time, there is greater confidence in operations, but it’s a complex project and we are learning everyday, but I feel like we have the right resources devoted to it and we are working hard to continue to improve operations.
Lynn Good: Jonathan, I do think we learned some things from the weather in Indiana, which was 30 degrees below what we would normally experience. So, my hope and expectation is that we saw the worst of the worst this winter and have been able to address operational challenges as a result of that. But let me turn it over to Keith Trent or Dhiaa who have been very involved in this and see if they have anything to add to that.
Lynn Good: Jonathan, I feel like an uptick in sales is the best possible thing that can happen, not only to Duke Energy, but to the economies that we serve. When you see improvement in the industrial base, in commercial and new customers being added, I think it’s all around a good outcome. I think it will give us some things to think about in terms of timing of rate cases and capital deployment and we have begun some of that thinking and when we are prepared to share it with you, we will give you some more feedback on it, but generally, I think this is a very good thing.
Lynn Good: Chris, we are early in the process. So, we have announced a solicitation with an expectation on the timeline that would put us in a position to announce a winning bid, if you will, by the end of this year. And we are evaluating a range of options, which would also include ownership interest on the part of Duke and Piedmont. And we will update you as we go. We have not disclosed nor do we have a broad range of investment at this point. We are anxious to talk with the various bidders about what they see the potential to be and as we have more information we will share it with you. I think this is a terrific opportunity, not only to underpin infrastructure for electricity, but I think it’s opportunity for economic development in the eastern part of North Carolina. So, we are at work putting together a project that we think could be very strategic for the state.
Lynn Good: Nothing different than what we have said previously. We like the business mix that we have. We like the complement of jurisdictions that we serve. We would consider M&A, but it would need to be an opportunistic type thing. It’s certainly not something that we see as a must-have from a strategic standpoint. So we are monitoring all of it, Chris and would consider opportunities, but nothing beyond that at this point.
Lynn Good: Let me try to jump in on that, Brian. So and I am sure in the back of your mind, you are referencing the testimony that we presented to the Commission or the Environmental Commission in the legislature. As we have put out our $5 billion to $6 billion estimate for the 10-year environmental plan that has included addressing – ash pond closure results have included addressing conversion to dry bottom ash and fly ash in anticipation of where the steam effluent guidelines will go. We have as part of our short-term action plan modified that estimate for four sites in the Carolinas by evaluating a closure option that actually moves all the ash to a lined landfill. And so that has added roughly $500 million to our estimates. So it’s moved from 4.5 to 5.5 to 5 to 6. Further refinement of the estimate around waste will be accomplished as we complete our strategic review side by side of all of our ash basins around our system. And so it’s really premature for us to give you more specifics on the estimate or how it will be implicated in other jurisdictions because it will be dependent upon a couple of things. First of all, our strategy and in the case of North Carolina what we expect to be legislation in the state. As we talk about our other jurisdictions, we do not see an immediate push around legislation or change in policies in the same manner as we are seeing in North Carolina.
Lynn Good: At least among our jurisdictions, Brian, North Carolina is in the lead in terms of this discussion. And I think if you think back into the earlier part of the 2000s, North Carolina put forward industry leading set of legislation called Clean Smokestacks where they were instrumental in accelerating investments in environmental around air. And so I think this represents an opportunity for North Carolina to do the same around ash. And as we have moved through this short session, we will have a better sense of how the policy will be developed for the state. And I do think we have an opportunity in North Carolina to lead.
Lynn Good: I think there are a couple of things I would point to and Steve can certainly add to this. We did see an increase in usage per customer, Angie. So in addition to strong customer growth, we saw an increase in the usage per customer. It’s hard to know exactly why that’s occurring, but frankly because of the extreme weather we had parts of the Carolinas that were home for days at a time. And we do think we had a little bit of additional usage on a per customer basis as a result of that. The other thing I would point to is when I look at the residential trend, third quarter was up 1.1%, fourth quarter was up 0.7%, both of which are pretty strong numbers. Similarly, commercial was up 1.6% in the third quarter and 1.2% in the fourth quarter. So the other thing I would point you to is over a rolling 12 months period we are kind of at 1.6%. So I don’t have a perfect answer to – do we have a little bit of weather in the volumes, I think that there is a possibility we have some weather. That’s why we are continuing to monitor the second quarter, will give us another good indication. It will not be as weather influenced. So when we look at all of the factors together including their performance in third and fourth quarter, we believe we are seeing a trend.
Lynn Good: Angie, I think the thing to keep in mind on ash is that that expenditure is going to occur over a very long period of time. So even on the short-term action plan that we put forward of $500 million, it is going to occur over like two to five years. And over the – if you look at some of the higher end numbers that we have put forward assuming that all ash gets moved, those numbers are over 20 to 30 years. It will just physically take that long to accomplish. So I think that’s an important consideration for you to think about when you think about ash. And I think on greenhouse gases in general, we are going to have to evaluate how those rules come out, how they come forward, what kind of flexibility is offered in the states. I do think there is a lot of focus on the part of the EPA on reliability and giving the states flexibility. And so I think we will have to evaluate where those rules come out before we can conclude what the implication will be to rates.
Lynn Good: Yes. It is in connection with both a customer demand for solar, but also we have a renewable energy portfolio standard in North Carolina, Angie. And this would be a part of the compliance with that standard.
Lynn Good: Michael, I am not sure that there is anything off the table. What we try to do when we come to a strategic review like this is consider all options that we are looking at. We have got a great business, a great position, profitable businesses that have been a strong contributor to the company over time. We have some headwinds in the form of foreign currency. We don’t see the growth that we would like to see in that business. So, we are really solving for two things. Is there a way we can better position the business for growth? Is there a better way we can position the business to optimize cash flow? And over what timeframe and what are the trade-offs that we need to consider to accomplish that? So, I wouldn’t say there is anything off the table at this point, but we are trying to be open-minded and explore as many options as we can think of.
Lynn Good: Well, thank you everyone. Thank you for your interest and investment in Duke and we look forward to seeing many of you in the weeks and months to come. Thanks again.
Steve Young: Yes, I think that we are in the process now Jonathan of updating our forecasts and we go through this process every year for the integrated resource planning process, which is our long-term planning mechanism that we share with the commission and that drives a lot of our generation planning and rate case planning and so forth. So we will be putting through those mechanisms and these changes and see what it yields.
Steve Young: We typically – it varies per jurisdiction. We will typically do it in the spring and the fall in the Carolinas as an example.
Steve Young: I do not think that will impact our strategy, the sales process, it will not change any strategic intent there.
Steve Young: That’s right. We have added 70,000 customers. So that’s a stronger number than we have seen. And some of the data that we look at median household income, that’s looking at middle income growth is stronger than we have seen before in the past. The unemployment rate changes are significant as well. So it feels like the economic recovery is broadening and deepening a bit and getting into the pockets of smaller businesses and middle income residences.
Steve Young: Certainly, certainly. The O&M trajectory has not changed and we intend to keep non-fuel O&M flat through ‘16 and we see very positive trends thus far in ‘14. When you pull the storm cost out, we actually see O&M down a bit and we are continuing to find through integration projects and moving people to similar processes and platforms and IT systems additional benefits to offset emergent costs. So, we feel very good about our O&M trajectory.
