Lynn Good: Abby, thank you, and good morning, everyone. Before I begin, I'd like to take a moment and recognize the work of our team responding to Hurricane Debby. The storm made landfall in Florida yesterday morning and caused outages for about 330,000 customers. We had crews in position over the weekend, and our teams are working around the clock to restore power. As of this morning, we've restored 90% of our impacted customers. Based on its current track, we expect the storm to impact the Eastern and Central parts of the Carolinas later this week. Along with tropical storm forced winds, the system is bringing heavy rains. We're staging crews and implementing flood mitigation plans to be able to safely and quickly respond to expected customer outages. Now let me turn to our second quarter results and the significant progress we're making across the company. Our simplified fully regulated portfolio of Southeast and Midwestern utilities combined with our strong track record of constructive regulatory outcomes positions us well to deliver long-term value for shareholders. We have clear growth visibility driven by our $73 billion capital plan, which is focused on grid and generation investments to support the growing communities we serve. In a moment, Harry will provide an update on recent regulatory activity and operational highlights from across the business; and later in the call, Brian will walk through detailed financial results and our long-term sales outlook. But let me begin with the results for the quarter. Turning to Slide 5. Today, we announced adjusted earnings per share of $1.18, building on our strong start to the year. These results were $0.27 above last year, driven by growth across our electric utilities and improved weather. We continue to deliver consistent outcomes, carrying positive momentum into the back half of the year. We are reaffirming our 2024 guidance range of $5.85 to $6.10. We are also reaffirming our long-term EPS growth rate of 5% to 7% through 2028 based off of $5.98 midpoint for 2024. With that, I'd like to hand the call over to Harry.
Lynn Good: Constantine, this is Lynn. The only thing I would just emphasize that Brian touched upon is we have continued to see economic development growth. I know the chart that we've shared with you is consistent with first quarter, but we are continuing to see growth in that economic development pipeline. And so our thought is that we will provide a comprehensive update both on load and capital in February, but continue to give you a sense of economic development progress over the balance of the year. So the bottom line is we have a wealth of growth opportunities and feel like we're really well positioned to take advantage of them.
Lynn Good: So we'll keep you informed, Nick, obviously we get closer to the hearing. But as Harry indicated, a strong case and anxious to move through this process in Indiana.
Lynn Good: Nick, I would say we are comfortably positioned within the 5% to 7% and feel like it's strongly positioned when you look at this economic development for a sustained period of given you 5% to 7% through '28. As Brian indicated, we see a lot of growth in that '27-'28 period with the economic development pipeline. So that gives us the opportunity to earn at the higher end of the range. If those projects mature at the pace we expect. And if we continue to add them, which has certainly been our experience here in 2024. So we'll continue to update you every step of the way and are anxious to provide an update in February that will not only capture this economic development we've seen in '24, but also give us a chance to update capital. We've produced a lot of cash flow. The balance sheet is strengthening in 2024 as well. So we're very optimistic about the future.
Lynn Good: Julien, thanks. Let me take a shot. I'm sure Harry and Brian will have something to add to it. So as we think about this economic development pipeline over the period that we've shared with you through '28, data centers represent about 25% of that pipeline. But as we get out to 2030 and beyond, that 25% grows. And so we already see a lot of growth in the economic development pipeline for data centers moving into 2030 and beyond. So I would think about this MoU as not only further catalyzing how we might serve customers that are in the pipeline, but our hope also is that those customers will have an interest in expanding in our service territories as we find a way to continue to meet their needs on sustainability, but also bringing resources on. So the discussions are early. I think there's a clear understanding that we are trying to do a couple of things here. We're trying to meet the load. We're trying to meet their sustainability goals, we're trying to do so in a way that protects retail customers, we're trying to meet their time lines. And I would say the discussion is very constructive. And the notion of risk sharing is something that we're very clear on and have lots of experience in talking with customers about. And so I think those -- that element of the discussion is going well as well. So we'll keep you informed as we start to mature some of these agreements into something that's more definitive, there will be disclosure, and we'll continue to update you on the economic development pipeline as we go. So I'll pause there and see if Harry or Brian has anything he'd like to add.
Lynn Good: Yes. So Julien, when you talk about nuclear, there are a number of structures that we're talking about. They have an interest, obviously, in carbon-free generation and nuclear represents an around the clock option. But we all recognize we're in the early stages of development. So is there a structure? Is there a premium pricing? Is there some method of equity investment? Is there some structure that would encourage the development at a perhaps a more rapid pace or sooner because of the partnership? So all of that is being explored as we talk with them and we're anxious to continue to develop it. . I think the other thing I would note, which Julien, of course, you're aware of this, this generation plan is moving through the Carolinas. A lot of discussion already on carbon-free generation like the SMRs. We would also expect that every element of the agreements that we would reach with the tech companies or Nucor would also go through a commission process to make sure that they're comfortable with the structure. But they have been very positive on the fact that we're exploring these discussions, because it's a win-win for economic development for bringing clean energy to the states and also for doing so in a way that reflects protection of retail customers.
Lynn Good: Jeremy, the only thing I would add to that is this industrial rebound kind of pushing into later '24-'25 has also been influenced by interest rates, it's what we're hearing from customers. And it's primarily, what I would call, our legacy industries of textile and paper that are feeling the pressure, and we continue to track with all of that industrial volume we're expecting from economic development that is exactly on track. So it's a little bit of an old industry, new industry story that we're seeing in the Carolinas, in particular, and a little bit in Indiana. But overall, we're tracking to the growth for the year. And as we've said many times, feel bullish on the economic development pipeline.
Lynn Good: Anthony, thank you for appreciating that. When I think about regulatory outcomes, it is an absolutely every day assignment of Duke Energy, because it includes operational excellence that we serve our customers well reliably and affordably. It also includes work in the legislature to make sure that energy policy is clear and that we have an expectation of how to go in the future. It's stakeholder engagement that includes customers, that includes policymakers, that includes community leaders, et cetera. So I think you saw us undergo a bit of an organizational change a few years ago where we put CEOs of the Carolinas and CEOs of Midwest and Florida, Alex and Julie in place to really continue to fine-tune our approach around stakeholder engagement and clarity around roles and responsibilities in the regulatory area. And it's been a long-standing history at Duke Energy, but appreciating this complex and often polarized environment, we think that additional focus has been helpful to us. And we take the responsibility of serving customers well every day very seriously and that's the first job at Duke Energy. And if we do that well, we believe the company will be treated fairly and constructively in the regulatory environment. And we have the deepest respect for those for the oversight of our commissions and policymakers and work hard every day to serve our customers well and to please those that have that awesome responsibility to keep energy policy moving in our states.
Lynn Good: Yes, the only other thing I would add on that notion of updating the IRP is we work very closely with the states on economic development. So it's a partnership between Duke Energy and the economic development engines of each state and so there's a lot of understanding on a part of the state of what's coming and that gives us an opportunity to have on-the-ground discussions about what's needed with transmission and generation and then the IRP, so like the regulatory filings that follow that. So we intend to continue to stay really closely linked with our states as we go forward.
Lynn Good: Carly, I appreciate that question. I think it's a little early to tell. We're still in the middle of a procedural schedule in South Carolina, where rebuttal testimony is due in a week or so, there's a surrebuttal process that goes on in South Carolina and then hearings occur in mid-September. And as Harry indicated, we believe the plan that we've put forward in both states meet the requirements of the objectives that both states have set out and as we've said many times, our objective is to give both states the opportunity to put their fingerprints on this plan in a way that serves their needs and continues to deliver the benefits of scale that Duke Energy has offered to customers over a long period of time. So we'll keep you informed as we get deeper into the procedural process, but South Carolina is lagging a bit.
Lynn Good: And Carly, I would just add, I think you appreciate that Duke has a long-standing nuclear history here in the Carolinas, 11 units. We also have customers in both states that are interested in a sustainable future. We have states who appreciate the economic development that nuclear investment has represented for the communities. So we will work through this in a thoughtful way, but I do believe that continued expansion of nuclear here in the Carolinas could make sense as we get into the 2030s and beyond. And frankly, we're hearing some conversation in Indiana as well on whether nuclear at some point could fit into that program. That, I would say, is probably lagging a little bit on timing, but I think there's a recognition that nuclear could be a part of the future, and we'll manage it in a very disciplined way.
Lynn Good: Well, thank you, and thanks, everyone, for your questions today and for your investment in Duke Energy. We're available, Investor Relations and members of the team for questions if there's any follow-up that we can provide and really appreciate the engagement today and appreciate, as I said, your investment in Duke Energy. Thanks so much.
Harry Sideris: Thank you, Lynn. Starting on Slide 6. We have a long history of working with stakeholders to achieve constructive regulatory outcomes that benefit our customers and deliver returns for our shareholders. Since the start of 2023, we've continued to build on this track record with approximately $75 billion of rate base investments approved or settled across 7 rate cases. I'm proud of the teams across the company that contributed to these impressive results. The outcomes support essential critical infrastructure investments acknowledging the rising cost of capital through higher ROEs and allow us to meet our customers' demands for affordable, reliable and increasingly clean energy now and into the future. Just last month, we received a final order in our DEC South Carolina rate case and rates were updated August 1. The order supports our efforts to increase system diversity and reliability and enhance the customer experience. We also filed a comprehensive settlement in our Florida rate case in July. The Florida settlement reflects a 3-year multiyear rate plan with rates effective in January. It focuses on continued grid modernization to serve population growth and harden the system as well as investments in renewables. Hearings are scheduled to begin later this month and an order is expected by the end of the year. Importantly, the outcomes in South Carolina and Florida demonstrate our commitment to affordability and continued focus on finding creative solutions to maintain low rates, including utilizing tax benefits to moderate increases. With solutions like these, we expect customer rates to remain below the national average. Turning to Slide 7. We continue to collaborate with stakeholders across our jurisdictions. In the Carolinas, the IRP process is advancing in both states. Our plans calls for a diverse and increasingly clean energy mix that serves our growing customer base while preserving reliability and affordability. In mid-July, we were pleased to reach a constructive settlement in North Carolina with the Public Staff, Walmart and CCBA. Importantly, the settlement adopts our near-term action plan including renewables and natural gas investments as well as early development activities for long lead time resources. Hearings concluded in North Carolina yesterday and South Carolina hearings will start in mid-September. We expect orders in both states by year-end. CPCN hearings will begin today in North Carolina on our request to construct more than 2 gigawatts of natural gas generation. These advanced class units will be located at existing coal plants slated for retirement, ensuring continued reliability in complementing our significant investments in renewables. We expect CPCN orders from the NCUC by the year-end and pending approvals, construction is planned to start in 2026 with all units operational by 2028. Moving to Florida. We placed 3 new solar facilities in service through June. This keeps us on track to have 1,500 megawatts of solar on the Florida system by the end of the year. Looking ahead, we plan to build 12 solar plants between 2025 and 2027, adding another 900 megawatts of clean energy to the Florida grid. We also have 2 additional rate case hearings this quarter. In Indiana, hearings begin later this month; and in North Carolina, our Piedmont Natural Gas hearing begins in mid-September. Both cases are based on investments we've made to serve our customers and strengthen our system over the last several years. Before I turn it over to Brian, I wanted to commend all our teammates for their unwavering focus on operational excellence, ensuring reliable and affordable energy to our customers every day. As Lynn mentioned, many of our teammates are actively working to restore power to our Florida customers impacted by Hurricane Debby. Restoration efforts are well underway, and we are committed to restoring power to all customers as quickly and safely as possible. In addition to responding to storms, this summer, we experienced extreme heat across our jurisdictions. In fact, the Carolinas reached 2 new record summer peaks in a matter of weeks. Our team showed incredible preparation and collaboration across the company. I'm pleased to share that the grid and fleet performed well and our employees met the needs of our customers and communities during these critical times. With that, let me turn the call over to Brian.
Harry Sideris: Thanks for that question, Nick. This is Harry. We're always open to settlement discussions. That hearings later this month as we get closer to that hearing, and we'll continue to look for opportunities to have those discussions. But we also feel very strong about the case that we've put together, strong customer benefits, the investments for the growth in Indiana and the economic development in Indiana. So we feel comfortable either path on a constructive outcome.
Harry Sideris: I would just add, Julien, the MoU has really amped up the constructiveness of our discussions with these customers and real -- a lot of excitement on their end for these ACE tariffs, the clean energy piece of it. So I think this is going to pay dividends as we work with them closer into the future.
Harry Sideris: Yes. We wrapped up the Carolinas IRP yesterday. In July, we entered into a very constructive settlement with Public Staff and some other intervening parties. And I think that helped speed the process up. It was very efficient. I got to spend some time there last week and the commission was very engaged in providing this energy transition affordably and reliably to our customers, which aligns to what we're doing. So we feel like our plan that we set forth meets the needs of our customers in North Carolina, and we'll work to see an order later this year on that.
Harry Sideris: Yes, absolutely. In North Carolina, we have included that in our near-term action plans for these long lead item projects like SMRs. We have it slated in our IRP to come online 600 megawatts in 2035 at our Belews Creek station. So we're waiting for approval from the commission to move forward with those actions, to continue the development as we work through technology selection as well as other construction needs, but we have a site selected, and we're working through that process. And this IRP filing has all that in there, and the Public Staff and the settlement has agreed to those items.
Brian Savoy: Thanks, Constantine. It's a great question and 1 that we continue to be encouraged about. So if we dial the clock back, we were -- a year ago, we were projecting 0.5% load growth CAGR over our planning horizon. And then economic development opportunities began to surface and continue to show up, and we moved to 1.5% to 2%. And on a base of sales of over 200,000 gigawatt hours a year at Duke Energy, that 1.5% to 2% CAGR it's quite impressive, and we're very pleased to see that kind of growth. And I would say that with the economic development pipeline we're looking at today, we're trending to the high end of that 1.5% to 2%. And as we look at our plans, we're forecasting to update the full financial plan with the load growth and the capital supported along with the earnings per share outcome from those elements in February, which is our normal cadence. We will definitely keep you updated along the way as the economic development pipeline progresses. But I will say that we continue to be encouraged. And every time we look at our load update, it deepens as far as the load growth outlook. And most of that growth is later in the decade. So it kind of coincides with as we roll the plan to 2029, it will make more sense to show that load growth over time.
Brian Savoy: Thanks, Constantine, I'll take that as well. This is Brian. On the nuclear PTCs, we were hoping to see guidance by midyear, and that obviously has not transpired. The treasury continues to actively issue guidance on elements of the IRA. We see that week in and week out. And we still expect the formal guidance for the nuclear PTCs by the end of this year. But I will say that we operate 11 very low-cost nuclear plants that have delivered extremely well over the first half of the year. And these plants have earned about $250 million of nuclear PTCs through June. That's recorded in our financial statements. And our plans are to test the market on monetizing these PTCs in the third quarter. So you could expect us to report on that later in the year, but we don't feel like the delay in the guidance from our early expectations will have any impact on our credit in 2024.
Brian Savoy: Yes, Jeremy. So we guided to 2% load growth in 2024, and we're tracking on top of that. The residential growth has been robust. We've added more customers in the first half than in any first half we've looked at in any kind of recent years, about 80,000 retail customers added to our system in the first half of the year, which is putting residential kind of right in line with our 1.5% to 2% growth for 2024. Commercial has been higher than our expectations. And we came into the year thinking a modest growth in commercial, but we've seen much more in the commercial sector. And this is a combination of data center usage, healthcare, universities, just a broad mix of commercial companies that are -- have higher demands and largely supporting this higher population that are in our regions. The industrial sector has not rebounded as fast as we anticipated. We continue to be in dialogue with our industrial customers and they're just taking a cautionary stance. And the fear of recession is out there, you don't want to get overextended. The labor market has been tight. So there's been a challenge to get all the shifts staffed appropriately. So some of our customers have taken the opportunity just to pull back a little bit. They're still signaling a rebound later in '24 or maybe early '25, but we feel like the mix might be a little different, but the growth in '24 is on top or better than our expectations.
Brian Savoy: It's a good question, Anthony. We have a pretty frequent cadence already on IRPs, which in the Carolinas, it's every other year; Florida, every year and a 10-year site plan and then in the Midwest, there's various time horizons that are pretty frequent as well. But I think that what we did like in Carolinas this year, we had an August filing. We updated it in January, because we saw increasing load growth and we felt the commissions need to see this in real-time. So maybe not a full IRP filing each and every year, but we could see more frequent updates as we learn more about load growth over time to plan the appropriate resources, because you do need plenty of lead time to gear up these generation plans and execute them.
