Hugh Johnston: Thank you, Indra and good morning everyone. Let me spend a few minutes discussing the quarter and our upwardly revised core constant currency earnings per share outlook for 2014. First for Q2, organic revenue grew 3.6%. On a reported basis, net revenue was up 0.5 point versus a year ago, reflecting 3 points of unfavorable foreign exchange translation and a slight negative structural impact primarily from the refranchising of our Vietnam bottling operation. Commodity cost had low single-digit inflation. Our core gross margins improved about 60 basis points and core operating margins rose 10 basis points. Core operating margin rose 65 basis points when excluding the gain from refranchising Vietnam net of incremental investments from last year. Core constant currency operating profit grew 3% and approximately 6% excluding the Vietnam gain and investments from last year. Our quarter effective tax rate was 26.3, 2 percentage points above Q2 2013. Our fully diluted share count declined 2%, reflecting the benefits of our ongoing share repurchase program. And core constant currency EPS grew 3% and 9% when excluding the Vietnam gain and investments from last year. And we returned $4 billion to shareholders in the first half in the form of dividends and share repurchases which was 46% above year ago levels and reflective of our commitment to return cash for shareholders. Now turning to guidance. As Indra mentioned, based on the strength of our first half results and our outlook for the balance of year, we’ve increased our full year core constant currency EPS growth target to 8%, up from 7% previously. Our other targets remain unchanged. We expect mid single-digit organic revenue growth, low single-digit commodity inflation and productivity savings of approximately $1 billion.  Below the division operating profit line, we expect corporate cost efficiency driven by our productivity initiatives, a core effective tax rate of approximately 25% and a reduced share count from our share repurchase program. Foreign exchange is expected to negatively impact net revenue by 3 percentage points and core earnings per share by 4 percentage points for the full year 2014, based on current market consensus rates. Taking our 2013 core EPS of $4.37 and applying our guidance implies 2014 core EPS of approximately $4.54. As many of you know, the foreign exchange picture in Venezuela is very dynamic at the moment with three different exchange rates and the possibility for a converged mechanism. Our second quarter results were translated to U.S. dollars at VEB6.3 to the U.S. dollar. Our current FX forecast, which is based on current market consensus rates, assumes a blended rate of approximately VEB9 to the U.S. dollar for the balance of the year. As you model out for third quarter, I’d ask you to consider the following. We expect foreign exchange translation to have an approximate 2 point unfavorable impact on both third quarter revenue and third quarter EPS based on current market consensus rates. We do expect to ramp up advertising and marketing expense in the quarter and below the division operating profit line, net interest expense is expected to increase in the third quarter versus last year, primarily reflecting higher debt balances and higher rates.  From a cash flow perspective, we continue to expect full-year free cash flow excluding certain items of more than $7 billion. We will continue to drive cash flow through efficient working capital management and continued tight controls over capital spending. Net capital spending should approximate $3 billion, which is well within our long-term target of less than or equal to 5% of net revenue. We expect to return approximately $8.7 billion to shareholders in 2014, a 35% increase over 2013 through a combination of $3.7 billion in dividends and $5 billion in share repurchases.  So to summarize, we’ve increased our core constant currency EPS growth outlook for the full-year 2014 to 8% from 7%. We expect to drive improved full-year margins and net ROIC and discipline capital allocation and returning cash to our shareholders, remain top priorities for the company. With that operator, we will take the first question. 
Hugh Johnston: Yes, good morning Bryan. Obviously it was a combination of a couple of things, Bryan. Number one, the commodity inflation environment right now is relatively muted. It was in line with our expectations because of the previously discussed forward buying program that we have for commodities, and at this point in the year we’re about 85% bought for 2014. So we are comfortable with what our outlook is on the front.  Number two, without that particularly in more inflationary countries we are getting some pricing and we expect to continue to do that. In businesses where we don’t see a lot of inflation, we’re not taking a whole lot of pricing, we’re taking a bit, but where we have commodity deflation we don’t feel forced to do that.  And number three, I’d point out is, the fact that innovation continues to ramp up. It’s about 9% of sales. Innovation does allow us to realize net effective pricing. So with that parsing all of the individual pieces, they’re all contributors, and I think we expect them all to continue. So I think we’re going to continue to see could gross margin improvement. 
Hugh Johnston: Yes. I mean it’s certainly the Latin American environment, it’s an inflationary environment. The good news from our perspective is that we do have strong market positions in the snack-food business and our beverage business is doing actually quite well down there right now. As a result we are but able to get the pricing to cover the inflation that we’re facing down in that market and as a result we feel compatible with the trajectory at the Latin American business. So to tie all of that together, Ali, your question around the sustainability of the results, obviously we contemplate the volatile realm that we live in. We contemplate what’s happening inside of the company. We’ve made commitments around R&D and A&M and I’m not cutting those things. And as a result we feel comfortable raising the guidance in spite of all those volatile factors, and that’s why we did raise the guidance for the year.
Hugh Johnston: Sure Dara, obviously we saw very good operating margin accretion in Q1 and then Q2 the number was 65 basis point, I think you will continue to see good operating and more improvement year-over-year as we progress through the coming quarters, I don’t know that it’s going to stay quite at the levels that we’ve seen in the first two quarters of year. But I do think we’re going to continue to see good operating margin improvement. And the big driver behind that of course is the $1 billion productivity program that we’ve put out there, that productivity program directly attacks the $28 billion operating cost structure that we have and as we work through the productivity program, you are seeing and in fact flow through the bottom line which is why you’re seeing good leverage from revenue down to EPS.
Indra Nooyi: Thank you, John and thank you for your question. We are not particularly considered about the Frito-Lay performance. Clearly the North American retail environment saw an abrupt slowdown in period five and we were very careful to manage this business responsibly and not hit the promotional lever in order to just drive revenue or volume growth. We also delayed one marketing activity from Q2 to Q3. We’re already beginning to see a ramp up in performance. So at this point, based on all the trends we are seeing, the strength of the marketing calendar in the second half, our A&M spending that we’re expecting in the second half, the productivity programs, we feel pretty good about Frito-Lay.
Indra Nooyi: So Ali, it is a big question. One of the things you said, and we have been very-very clear in this, even within our company is that whatever we’ve set out as an A&M goal for the year, we will not cut it. We will spend it based on the marketing calendar and to make sure that it’s spent properly during the year. But we’re not going to cut A&M budgets for any year. When we took the big A&M step up in 2012, we made a commitment to us, also then to you that A&M is something that we will hold as a percentage of sales. And we are going to keep that number through the year. So you should feel very-very comfortable that across the company, the number is going to remain at 5.9%. I thought that I had to say that number. It will rise with sales and it will stay that way. And that’s true for every segment.  Let’s talk about Russia and Latin America, all of the questions. You know in Russia, clearly there are some geopolitical issues. Our businesses is doing just fine at this moment, but you know we are basic food and beverage and the Russian consumers still need to eat and drink. And so, except for the FX issues, the business; yes, we’re doing okay. And Hugh, I don’t know if you want to comment about Venezuela.
Indra Nooyi: Well, I think overall food and beverage has decelerated from years ago. People are consuming differently, I think there’s been a trend towards fresh produce, fresh grocery products, more making your food as home as suppose to buying package food and beverages. And I think people have also been eating out, so food away from home is doing just a little bit. And I think from PepsiCo’s perspective the strength of our brand, the strength of our innovation, strength of the complementarity of the portfolio and that fact that we have very popular distribution systems into the retail stores, this launch is enabling us to be the largest contributor to growth among the 30 largest manufactures in the U.S. retail environment. So I think as long as we keep innovating and leveraging our distribution system and really helping the retailers offset some of their labor cost through our DLT systems in high velocity category, we should be able to drive growth. And then on the food service side, they are now with the Culinary centers both in beverages and snacks and all the work we are doing on complementary offerings between snacks and beverages has been to drive a lot of excitement in food services, whether it be Buffalo Wild Wings or 7-Eleven, food service or Taco Bell. I think more and more food services customers are coming to us and saying, what can you do for us to drive traffic and to drive tickets. So it doesn’t matter if somebody comes into buy a product from the sea store and they also be attracted to stop by the food service side and pick up something for immediate consumption. So that’s really what they are working on, taking a relatively low growth North American retail environment and positioning ourselves to be the highest growth food and beverage company and that’s really our strategy. And I think our portfolio as a fact that we have high velocity categories is making us a very valuable partner to retailers all across the country.
Indra Nooyi: Yes. In terms of pricing, remember pricing as Hugh mentioned earlier, it’s not an across the board pricing we just implement, it’s done very surgically, innovation helps us drive pricing, in countries where we believe that inflation is high we take pricing to cover the inflation to the extent we can. We do a lot of revenue management in order to get pricing. So pricing is something we realized through surgical management of innovation, in market pricing, revenue management and very careful execution, based on the different channels. And the balance of the year, we feel comfortable that we can sustain pricing and our goal is to focus on value share always, because I think in categories that are slowing down in particular, focused just on volume is an unhealthy trend. So we are very, very careful to make sure that we carefully balance pricing with volume growth and not try to go for volume at all costs. And that’s what really allowed us to get good revenue growth and get good pricing realization.  Let me turn to Hugh to talk about the operating margin.
Indra Nooyi: Thanks you for the question Steve. Again, we don’t get into the puts and takes by region, but broadly speaking Europe has been relatively stable. Even those retail environment is difficult, geo-politically it’s been stable year-over-year. And we put through productivity programs, we’ve become more efficient in terms of how we run the whole region and that’s why you saw improving margin trends. We have been one of the strong performers from a top line basis in Europe and again the complementarity of our categories is really helping drive traffic and top line growth at many retailers. I just had a series of talks with many European retailers and I must say looking at the numbers, we’ve outperformed same store sales of many of those retailers by a significant factor. So I feel pretty good about the European trends.  In the case of EMEA, parts of EMEA that are going to significant geopolitical issues. The Middle-East has got significant issues, we’ve had the IQAMA issue in Saudi Arabia.  So the reason you’re seeing a little bit muted margin trends in EMEA is because we’ve had to power through those geopolitical issues. Coupled with the facts that as we mentioned in our script, in China, we’re going through the transition of our system into Tingyi and we want to make sure we don’t rush it, we want to make sure we do it responsibly, we want to make sure we do it right because at the end of the day we are trying to build a very efficient and effective system. And we are making sure that we work constructively with our bottling partner Tingyi to end up with a system that really plays at its strength which is in almost 1.6 times the size of the next competitor. So that’s really why you saw better margin expansion in Europe. In terms of refranchising our business, where we think it makes sense, where we think our partner is stronger and where we think we have a partner, where we refranchise the business to ensure the continued health of the business, we will look at it. But if we believe that refranchising could jeopardize the business, we will not refranchise it. So we look at it on a case-by-case basis. In Vietnam, you saw that we did refranchise the business; in Mexico, where the business is performing very well. I mean countries where it makes sense, we do it. So stay tuned as we find interesting opportunities, we will be back to talk to you.
Indra Nooyi: Pricing environment is just fine. I think that we have rational pricing and we’ve always said we were going to price responsibly and we’ve continued doing that and we’re glad the industry is being responsible too. On the diet trends, I mean you’ve seen the numbers Judy. We continue to see declines in diet and this is something that seems to continue.
Indra Nooyi: On the Mexico beverage performance I think when we refranchised our business to the combination of Polar and GEUSA and created GEPP that company is performing very well. In market execution is excellent and they are doing a very good job. So I think the reason we are growing the business is because of superior execution. In the case of taxes in North America, the good news Amit is we have a total portfolio of carbonated, non-carbonated, full sugar, low sugar, all kinds of products. So from a consumer perspective if they shift from one category to another, there is always a PepsiCo product they can have for any need state, for any sugar level, for any taste, for any flavor.  So I think that, that is the advantage of the PepsiCo portfolio. And incidentally, they can also pair it with a great snack. So we feel good about the complementarity of the portfolio, the breadth of the portfolio in North America and our goal is to make sure there are no discriminatory taxes but to work constructively with state governments and other organizations to make sure of whatever is done, is done responsibly. Our final question comes from the line of Mark Swartzberg with Stifel Nicolaus.
Indra Nooyi: Mark I was hoping you talked about the good quarter, but having said that, hoping unallocated we have given you the numbers, we have said that if you look at the total corporate cost, about half of it is compliance cost which is about the lowest of any company. The other half is either the vision cost we carry at corporate because we want to manage the volatility; for example like pension costs or commodity mark-to-market. The others, you know smaller bucket which is centrally driven capability cost because we want to make sure that we protect those costs and build the capability. So the numbers we put out remain unchanged. In terms of this synergy, there’s no reason for those numbers to change. I mean we spent an incredible amount of time checking the ties on this and this is the conservative estimate. And this company is engineered as one, and we feel very comfortable about the vigor with which we analyzed the proposals and we stand by our 800 million to a billion-dollar number. So thank you for the question.  So let me close by reiterating that we’re pleased with our results for the first half. We’re confident that our plans are working, and believe we are on track to deliver our financial targets for 2014. I want to thank you all for your time and questions this morning, and more importantly for the confidence you have placed in us with your investments. Have a wonderful day. 
