Indra K. Nooyi: Yes, we have Zein Abdalla here, Kaumil, and he stands ready to answer your questions. Go ahead, Zein.
Indra K. Nooyi: John, I just want to add one more thing. I think the level of pricing we’re taking in the marketplace puts us in uncharted territory. We haven't had this amount of pricing in a long time, and so I think pricing actions require courage. You've got to stick with the pricing actions and let it stick and not let any short-term share changes disrupt your long-term direction. And so our experience is that when you put in place significant pricing actions, it takes several periods before it takes root. And as leaders in many of the categories, we just have to have the courage to stick it out. And that interim period may be uncertain, but where we’ve stuck it out, we've actually seen positive benefits that accrue to us from the pricing actions.
Indra K. Nooyi: Carlos, I think Hugh touched on this when he answered one of the earlier questions. One of the things we do is we focus a lot on productivity, and we look at every aspect of the cost structure of the company. We look to see where we can take out layers or inefficiencies, make the company more agile, more flexible. And in making the company more productive, we take these productivity savings and then we use some of it to cover commodity costs, and the rest of it goes into investments. But the priority is investments in the brands and driving innovation and making sure our businesses are well supported first, and then it is on covering commodities. And that's the game that -- Hugh outlined that we want to play going forward, and that's what we're focused on right now. As you look at our North American beverage brands, Gatorade needed immediate attention about 3, 3.5 years ago, and that's where we started. We put the money, we put the effort behind it with enormous success. Then we went to work on Tropicana, again, success. We went to work on Pepsi Max. We went to work on Sierra Mist. We bolstered Mountain Dew. And every one of these, deliberately invested behind in a very difficult environment, is yielding results. Our next effort is to focus on brand Pepsi and to keep all of the other initiatives we're doing going. So I think we are focused on the right things. And as a company, we are focused on unleashing enough productivity to put back into the brand.
Indra K. Nooyi: Bill, as Hugh mentioned in his opening comments, we're going to be back to you in early December to give you a fuller picture of what we intend to do in 2012 and going forward. It's too early because we're still trying to see where commodity costs are going to settle down, what the economic environment is going to look like, how much of the pricing is going to stick, how much more we can take. So as we sort all of that out, and that in large part drives the room left for investments, what our productivity programs are. Just hang tight for the next 6 to 8 weeks. We’re going to be back in the first week in December, and we'll give you a full picture based on much better information in the environment because our actions are in large part dictated by what happens in the environment also. We cannot operate independent of that. So first week in December, I look forward -- we all look forward to a robust conversation with all of you.
Indra K. Nooyi: So again, it's retailer specific. You don't do it on a blanket basis. But there are multiple retailer specific programs we do, which cover multiple categories. And so -- and they've all been very successful. So Power of One, I think, is the unique differentiator for PepsiCo. We are an integrated snack and beverage company, and so that's what we are. Let me talk a bit about North America. The North American beverage business is a terrific business and a tough business, the 2 Ts. And I'd say that it's a business, which is large. We are the largest liquid refreshment beverage player. We have 23, 24 share of this LRB market, and we have leadership brands in this business. This business has also, for many, many years, been one where it's very profitable, but the profit pool has not grown. Between the bottlers and the franchise company, the profit pool has not grown as much as it needs to, and that's been the challenge for this business because it's a repertoire category. There's no clear demarcation between each business. It's a repertoire category, and how you play this business between the 2 or 3 big players and with the pure plays determines how you perform quarter in and quarter out. From PepsiCo's perspective, I think that especially in the period about 2004 to 2006, I think we hit the volume pedal a little too much when we perhaps could have invested more in the brands. And then we went into this tremendous economic downturn, and now, what we are looking at since about 2007, how do we take each of our brands and make sure they're supported correctly and we are driving them to remain the leaders in their categories? We started with Gatorade, tremendous success; Tropicana, success. We are now beginning to work on Sierra Mist, which again is now growing. Pepsi Max doubled in size. We started to invest behind Diet Pepsi, trademark Pepsi, Lipton Tea. Brand by brand, we're beginning to work on brand investments. And along with brand investments, given the new economic realities, we are beginning to think about creative ways to implement revenue management and price/pack without creating a problem with retailers, with consumers trading down, because we have to make sure that any price/pack architecture we do makes -- keeps the retailer whole. So this is not an easy one to just put in new packaging. We have to work very carefully with retailers to make sure there's no trade down in the category. So we are working through all of these strategies as we speak. And the good news is that we are seeing success when we invest behind the brand, when we focus on execution. We're seeing success in each of the brands and their performance. But this category's so big, it has so many brands and so many categories, you can't try to address all the businesses in one broad brush. So I think it's a deliberate sustainable strategy, Mark. And we're feeling cautiously optimistic about where we are headed in this North American beverage business.
Indra K. Nooyi: Again, I think every time you put a package -- and remember, the 20-ounce single serve package is a fantastic package in convenience stores. It's a great value. We sell a lot of it, and we are -- convenience stores is a channel that we love. In fact, I think, John, you were showing a number we'd said in year-to-date...
Indra K. Nooyi: 11 out of the 15 top products in convenience stores are PepsiCo products. So this is a very -- it's a wonderful channel. It's still growing. Even in this economic situation, it's growing because the up-and-down-the-street consumer is still using soft drinks and snacks as their moment of pleasure. So we like this business a lot. We have to make sure that we don't trade down volume, or we don't trade down packages, which make consumers go to a different package size without getting the appropriate value benefit from that. So we are looking through what's the right package to give consumers enough beverage to drink at a price that delivers unbeatable value to the consumer. And we're doing it in beverages. But more importantly, we're looking at doing it in a bundled way between snacks and beverages, so the consumer can go into the store and get a phenomenal PepsiCo beverage and a Frito-Lay snack at a combined price that generates enormous value to the consumer rather than just go head-to-head on beverage.
Indra K. Nooyi: And Judy, I'd tell you, I've had the privilege of seeing Frito's innovation for next year, and it's phenomenal. So we feel good.
Indra K. Nooyi: Yes, Ali, I think the other thing too is I wouldn't separate out any costs and talk about what does it cost in North America, because investments we make in technology, Hugh talked about sweeteners, enhancers. I can talk about processing technologies that we're investing in to take down the cost of processing in all these products, apply across our global beverage portfolio. So some of these investments we are making are not just for North America. We've got to think of it as how can we drive the overall beverage business. So I think in the context of all of that, given the size and the profitability and the cash flow generation that we get from our North American beverage business and global beverages, we feel pretty good about where we're headed. And all that it takes is a couple of breakthroughs which, as I said in one of our earlier interactions, we are very, very close to these breakthroughs. It's always the last 5% or 10% that you've got to sweat the details on, which is what we are doing now. But when these do -- these breakthroughs do get commercialized, it's quite a breakthrough. And so we feel quite optimistic about the prospects for this business.
Indra K. Nooyi: Let me just summarize this call. We're encouraged by the balance of top line and bottom line performance in the quarter across snacks and beverages, and we are totally focused on and committed to our 5 key planks, and we're encouraged by the progress we're making on each of them. And as we said on our earlier comments, we'll come back to you in early December to provide our outlook for 2012. Thank you very much for your interest in our company and for your time this morning. Thank you.
Hugh F. Johnston: Dara, I appreciate the question. And of course, there's desire to hear it right now. But I think to get into any level of specificity that would be helpful to you in 2012 is just simply premature. With the commodities markets as volatile as they are, with the economies as volatile as they are, to start getting into where we might go, I think, would probably just -- it's too early as we sit in mid-October. The things I would say are -- and as we think about not just 2012 but Q4 as well, the things we clearly need to do are, number one, we clearly need to ensure that our brands are sharply defined and well supported; we need to make sure that our pricing is competitive; we need to make sure that our innovation is well supportive; and to fund all of that, we need to be sure that we absolutely max out on productivity. So when you talk about what are the things that we're working on, it's truly working on those things. And if we do those things successfully, I'm confident we'll win in the marketplace, and we'll win financially, and investors will be well-rewarded for it.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes, it's really the things that we've talked about up to now. So the Gatorade pricing, of course, is going in, in Q4. The single-serve pricing in Frito-Lay is going in, in Q4. And then there are some select areas internationally where we're pricing. But by and large, even by now, it's in the marketplace pretty much.
Hugh F. Johnston: Sure, John, I'd be happy to. Up at Barclays, John Compton and I were both there and what we had talked about in the snack world was we thought at the time that the elasticities were a little bit -- were shallow or that consumer response was a little bit stronger than we had expected on large bag. And we've sharpened some of our price points and some of our promotional strategies in order to address that. Single-serve, on the other hand, which has gone into the market more recently, and we hadn't talked about that up at Barclays, we've actually -- and it's early days, but we've actually seen that pricing stick well. In fact, if anything, the elasticities have been a little bit more favorable to us than we'd expected. Beverages, as you know, and particularly, in North America is a complex evaluation because there's category elasticity as well as cross-competitive elasticity. I think we're, at this point, seeing that as we've gotten through kind of the initial period of pricing, I think we've seen the elasticity settle in about where we expected. From an international perspective, I don't think there have been any particular surprises. The comments that we made up at Barclays were probably more North America oriented. So I think we've gotten to a point now where the pricing is reasonably settled in. Of course, in beverages, it's a competitive marketplace, and we'll always have to address that as a part of managing the business.
Hugh F. Johnston: Well, it's always tough to project where competition is going on that. Obviously, that has an impact as well. But I feel like we've gotten the pricing reasonably burned in. I think what we're doing right now with Gatorade and with single-serve on Frito-Lay is working pretty well. So I think we feel pretty comfortable with what we have.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes, Bill. Obviously, we feel comfortable when we reiterate that we’ve got it captured. As I mentioned earlier, we've certainly sharpened some of our promotional strategies within Frito. But when we add up the aggregate of pricing, productivity, consumer response to the pricing, we feel comfortable overall that the equation hangs together.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes. So, Judy, 3 questions there. Let me take them one at a time. From the standpoint of the tax rate, you're right. We've said that we'll be approximately 27%, so that implies a higher tax rate in the fourth quarter. That's correct. Number two, you asked about the corporate expenses. From a growth standpoint, the numbers won't be as high because we're overlapping a big credit last year. From a run rate perspective, you can probably expect them to be reasonably consistent with what you've seen in the first 3 quarters. And then number three, in terms of the 53rd week, anything -- you're right. We talk on a 52-week basis, and anything that we would think about doing with the 53rd week, if we were going to do anything with that, we'd probably get back to you on the December call. So no news there to talk about on the 53rd week.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes, Ali, this is Hugh. That was certainly an impressive question. Let me try to parse it and address some of the pieces. You talked about CSDs, and obviously, CSDs are an important part of our portfolio. But keep in mind, we do play an LRB game, and that's -- we've been doing that for more than a decade. We were certainly the first to go and do that. But undeniably, CSDs are an important category. So what do we need to do in CSDs? Obviously, we've got a price to be competitive. And in doing that, we've got to balance commodity costs, we've got to balance consumer, and we've got to balance input -- commodity cost, consumer and competitor. Those are the 3 pieces that we balance in dealing with that. In doing that, we also need to make sure that our brands are sharply defined, and we need to make sure that our innovation is very strong. The category, obviously, it's a challenging category. Clearly, anyone that looks at the numbers can see that, and that's true for the broad category. I'm not just speaking of PepsiCo's business. Now what are the things that we've tried to do for the long run? The long run in consumer categories always comes back to innovation, and the thing that we've obviously done is we've innovated from a flavors perspective to drive some level of incremental growth. We've innovated from a branding perspective in order to create interesting positioning for consumers. And then as we've discussed in the past, we're innovating from a sweetener perspective, which we do think is a meaningful unlock in the category, and we've gone down a couple of paths with that. First, around the newer sweeteners, such as stevia. And then, obviously, we got some relationships with flavor-enhancer companies, which have enabled us to try products like Pepsi Max and to be able to do those things successfully. So I think in terms of CSDs and, for that matter, the broader LRB category, the key to being successful here is going to be making sure our pricing is competitive, making sure that our brands are very sharply defined and innovating on product over time to ensure that we actually can differentiate ourself clearly from competition. That's the strategy we're following, as Indra referenced on the script that we read earlier. We think we're successful in moving that agenda forward, but we also fully acknowledge that we've got more work to do on that, and that's what we'll -- we're going to continue to work at. We view it as a terrific business, and we view it as one that generates a lot of cash for shareholders that we feel very, very good about. So it's certainly one that we're going to continue to compete vigorously in.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes, I don't think so. I think what we're trying to do right now -- and obviously, we're thinking about 2012. We're certainly assessing all of those things. One of the questions that was asked earlier on the call was around marketers looking for more money, and we feel very good about the marketing team we have. And listen, it's been my experience over 25 years that good marketers always ask for more money. It's tradition in effect. I think as we go through our planning process, we'll determine what we think are the right investments in order to generate competitive success, as well as to generate financial success. And to talk about 2012 and beyond at this point, it would probably just be a bit premature.
Hugh F. Johnston: Ali, pricing is sort of a week-by-week, period-by-period thing in this business and particularly in the beverage business. So I think what we're saying is we feel comfortable that we're getting pricing in place, but we'll see what happens.
John C. Compton: Yes, Indra and Mark, within consumer packaged goods, I think we're best suited to work with ourselves in terms of food and beverage product because we haven't fully tapped that potential out. Clearly, there are other related categories that make these holidays stronger for the retailer that we can bundle with. And to your point, Indra, having Al running the beverage business and now Tom Greco, who also worked in the Power of One center in the past, working together across North America, where you'll see us beginning in Q1 begin to unleash, I think, some new benefits behind Power of One. Customer, channel, consumer promotion and looking at ideas that can grow horizontally, paying off a consumer benefit from snacks to beverages.
John C. Compton: Mark, I'll add one point to the -- it's nice to have 11 out of the 15 top new items in the C&G channel, but that led PepsiCo to be the largest dollar growth contributor to the channel. So we are very important to the C&G store business, and they're pleased with our growth year-to-date.
John C. Compton: Judy, thank you for the question. Let me start with the bigger picture first around what Frito-Lay does so well is we go where the consumer is shopping, and we've talked about low, medium and high-income consumers. And as you saw in our release, more than our -- more than normal of our growth came out of channels that are unmeasured. So the C-store channel, the club channel, the dollar channel. Those disproportionally drove growth for us this quarter. Within the "traditional measured channels," it is true that our share was down roughly about 1 point on dollar share. Most of that went to private label. And in this down economy, we chose not to price down to cover private label, okay? There is some growth in sort of higher income products that we are going to address in Q4 going forward. And you'll see that when I do the Back-to-School Conference coming up in later this fall. So I'm pleased overall with the volume growth. I'm pleased that we're able to get the pricing through, and we remain as competitive as we've always been in terms of addressing market share.
