Indra K. Nooyi: So, Bill, P3, P4, we're already beginning to see share start to come back. In fact, if you look at the IRI data that's coming out today, you're already beginning to see Frito share improve steadily. I think the most important thing, what we told all our businesses, focus on getting the pricing into the marketplace first, and then we can start slowly figuring out the revenue management to make sure there's a good balance. But we had to get the pricing in as early as possible, and Frito did exactly what's needed to get done to cover commodity cost inflation. And in terms of the impact on profitability, for sure, the 53rd week had an impact on volume, revenue and profitability.
Indra K. Nooyi: So, John, in Q1 x 53rd week, if you look at like-for-like Q1 in measured channels, GDMxC, which is really what we see from an IRI perspective, we gained 1/10 of value share. And we have to use measured data because that's an objective data set that we can measure ourselves by. Now when we talk about additional investment and changing the innovation model and really recommitting to this business in a different way, the results come steadily and over the year, as we talked to you early in February. What was very encouraging was in the first quarter, we began to see positive results. And if you look at the P4 IRI data, one more time in GDMxC we gained value share. So on North American beverages, we look at those numbers and we say it's making great progress. I think the other aspect of the share numbers that made us very encouraged about the progress on the business was the co-channel value share. And we've made tremendous progress in that whole co-channel business, which is really the best part of the whole beverage business, and we feel good about the progress we've made there and the successes we've had in the co-channel business. And Frito-Lay, ditto. Period 1, period 2, we put the pricing into place. Started end of last year, we put it into place. And today's IRI data, period 4 IRI data is beginning to show the positive momentum from all of our initiatives. So as Hugh mentioned in his opening comments and I did in my opening comments, as the year progresses, quarter-by-quarter, you'll start seeing the business strengthen. And we're really watching for the steady improvement in the business as the year goes on and make sure we do it the right way, not try to jerk the business around by pushing for volume in one quarter and trying to do something else in another quarter, but steadily build the brands, steadily build the business and focus on value share in the measured channels in North America because that's the only objective measure that exists.
Indra K. Nooyi: I think that weather versus gas prices have netted out, John. I mean, the convenience channel has been pretty strong in the first quarter, and we are, I’d say, cautiously optimistic on the outlook for the convenience channel. And in terms of units versus pricing, we don't have the numbers right now off the top of our head. But Jamie or somebody will make sure that we get back to all of you on this question.
Indra K. Nooyi: Bryan, the other thing I'd tell you is, even the team would tell you, that first quarter is a small quarter, as Hugh said, only 2 periods. But as we go into P3, P4, the business is looking good, and very much in line with what we expected. And the Russia business, in particular, looking very, very good. I mean, we did great on CSD share and the way we are re-architecting the juice business to be more disciplined about pricing, not chase volume at any cost and build the whole profitability of the business. The team is doing an absolutely superb job, and the Wimm-Bill-Dann dairy business is doing exceedingly well. So we're looking at the overall Europe business and feeling good about how our team is managing through what I would characterize as a mixed economic environment.
Indra K. Nooyi: No, I'd say that region of the world is looking good. And as we looked at upping our investment in Russia a year ago, the fundamentals of that region of the world are good because you've got huge oil reserves in Russia. You've got a well-managed economy on many economic fronts. And so we look at that part of the world and say the prospects for the whole Russia-CIS-East European cluster, if you want to think of that as one cluster, is very strong. And again, strong is a relative term but it is good. And so in this world today where you've got GDPs ranging from negative to sort of high-single digits, this Russia-East Europe cluster is looking like a solid 2% to 4% GDP growth. That's very good today, and we're feeling good.
Indra K. Nooyi: And the Power of One helps us enormously there because we can flex the distribution systems. We can load up the trucks with products that cube out, weight out. I think the Russia-East Europe-CIS cluster is probably our best example of Power of One, and that's what's working so well right now.
Indra K. Nooyi: Kaumil, the other thing is this is a business over the years that has been characterized by price discounting, dealing sort of back-and-forth, trading share at the margin. With all the commodity cost increases, it was critically important we put in place deliberate increases in pricing and manage this business very steadily and responsibly. And that's what we've been doing. So our goal is to look for steady share improvements through the year, so that we hold value share in LRB as the year ends, and to make sure that we don't do anything silly just to go after any sort of a value gain. So value share is really our focus.
Indra K. Nooyi: Interestingly, NEXT is sourcing from outside the cola category. In fact, it's even sourcing from outside the CSD category, which means that lapsed cola users are coming back into the cola category. Now I want to make sure that you hear the appropriate caveat. It's too early to call this brand and say it's a gigantic success. But what's surprising to us is a few weeks after the launch, it's now almost one share point, which has not happened in a long time in any new product launch. So we are watching every metric very, very carefully. And every quarter, we'll update you on the progress of Pepsi NEXT. But it's really bringing back lapsed cola users, which is what's surprising.
Indra K. Nooyi: Judy, I mean, you captured in your recent note what we've been telling all of you for the last couple or 3 years, that the growth in all these categories is coming from Fun-for-You, Better-for-You and Good-for-You, and it's critically important PepsiCo places its bets in all 3. And let me tell you what our strategy has been, and let me refer back to what trends you're seeing in the marketplace. In the Fun-for-You category, there's still growth, especially in salty snacks, value growth. And what we have to make sure is increase the permissibility of our Fun-for-You products by reducing the salt levels, going to heart-healthy oils. That is our "health and wellness" push in the Fun-for-You category, and we've been doing that over the last few years. The second leg of the strategy is dialing up our baked snacks, whether it's Baked! Lay's, whether it's Quaker Lite snacks, which is a baked snack, making sure we dial that up. That's what we've been doing. And the third is really investing behind the Good-for-You snacks, because the growth rate of Good-for-You snacking and Good-for-You products across the world is about 2 or 3x that of Fun-for-You and Better-for-You. And in fact, our nutrition business in Q1 grew revenue 10%. So those categories are growing exceedingly rapidly. So what we're doing with Quaker -- I mean, as the quarter progressed, period 3, period 4, the Quaker trends are looking positive. But using the Quaker trademark, we're looking to launch more healthy snacks. But what we don't want to do is to launch much lower-margin commodity healthy snacks. We have to play in the value-added healthy snacking. And what we're looking for is new innovation to play in the value-added healthy snacking, a new twist on bars, new ways to marry dips with chips so that the dips are very healthy and can provide a great source of a mini meal. So that's really what we're working on. For example, our Sabra hummus dips are just flying off the shelf. That's an example of a healthy accompaniment to any snack that you want. Our Stacy's business is doing very, very well. So I think the name of the game for Frito-Lay is slowly and deliberately building the business rather than jerking the business around to gain short-term share. And I feel good. I mean, look at the IRI data for this period 4. You see very nice steady progress across the board.
Indra K. Nooyi: And, Ali, if I look at overall North American beverage volume, if you look at about the 20 billion 8-ounce cases that are sold, I've been tracking this industry for a long time, it used to be sort of 60-40 carbs, non-carbs, shifted to 50-50. It's now shifting the other way. And so consumer behavior is shifting, that's one. And second, the way we look at this business, we look at profit per case across each of our categories, and we make sure the combination of businesses drives the best profit per case result for us. And that's what we do in each region of the country by brand, and we do that over the year.
Indra K. Nooyi: And, Ali, key thing is look at CSDs as a whole. I mean, look at LRBs as a whole, look at CSDs as a whole, because what happens is we start with LRB then we quickly come down to CSD. Then we quickly come down to colas, then we come down to regular colas, then we start defining the market too narrowly. So clearly, we look at overall LRB. And you're right. To gain -- I mean, to hold value share in overall LRB, you've got to do well in CSD, but CSDs as a whole. We've got Mountain Dew, which is doing very, very well. Parts of the CSD portfolio doing well. The challenge is to play a deliberate profitable game in the whole CSD category, which is really what we're focused on.
Indra K. Nooyi: Ali, you know what I feel good about? We've put in place a restructuring program. We put in place $1 billion productivity program. We announced it right after the February 9 meeting. Our teams did a terrific job making sure they delivered on the restructuring program. And they did it flawlessly, and they did it with great sensitivity. So I'm actually feeling good about how well this was done without disrupting the business.
Indra K. Nooyi: Yes, Mark, great question. AMEA clearly is riding the wave of GDP growth, all of these economies east of the Middle East. I think what we shouldn't forget is our AMEA business has performed well in spite of all of the geopolitical issues they've had to handle, the natural disasters that happened in AMEA. So we have a resilient AMEA team and a good business in all of AMEA. So that's the good thing that I'll tell you about AMEA. Now let me talk about the business model in AMEA. I think you've got a mix of developed, developing and emerging markets in AMEA. It's a unique region, besides the regional and cultural diversity. You can argue that Japan, Australia fall in the developed market, Korea, all of those countries. Then you've got parts of the Middle East that are more developing markets. Then you've got China and India, which fall more in the emerging markets category. So for each of these clusters, what we have to do is sit down and think about what model can we take from the proven PepsiCo models adapted for the local countries, but then more importantly, how can we evolve local models, which play to the local cost structure, and then bring it back to the developed market. I'll give you an example. We opened a value innovation center in India a year ago, and what we told them was rather than take our western equipment and our western approaches and cost reduce them, start clean sheet of paper in India. Whether it's a cooler, a food service equipment, whatever it is, start clean sheet of paper and tailor that piece of equipment for the economics of the business in India, and then let's see how we can ruggedize it to bring it back to the west. It reduces the cost base significantly. The initial results from the value innovation center are very encouraging. And so I think piece by piece, we're looking at AMEA not just as a growth engine for the company for many years because the population of -- the percentage of young people in that part of the world is very, very high. So we have years of growth there. But we're now looking at it as an innovation source so that we can do reverse innovation, bring products and ideas from there at a very different set of economics back to the developed world for the value consumer or for whoever else. So it's a great learning lab and a growth source.
Indra K. Nooyi: We're making progress. It's a big market. It's growing, changing. So the journey is never going to end there. I think the strength of PepsiCo is the Power of One. Because with snacks and beverages and the fact that we have a diversified portfolio, we're able to attract very good talent to our businesses in AMEA, and then we're able to give them extremely wide range of experiences, move them from beverages to snacks and back and forth. And people love coming to work for PepsiCo. I'll be honest with you. Even people who get recruited out of PepsiCo, within 60 days or 6 months are always calling saying, "Can I come back?" That's the strength of the company. So I think our teams there are all local, Mark. I'd say almost no expats. Everybody there is local. And so we have the benefit of local knowledge, and we have the benefit of getting those people to come to the developed market and transfer some of the knowledge back to us. So I think AMEA is going to be a growth engine for many, many, many years. And our models are going to evolve. Our partnerships are going to evolve in AMEA. But we're going to have to play the game for each of those local markets, not export our model there.
Indra K. Nooyi: The first quarter in AMEA, the China volume was impacted because of the 600 ml to 500 ml trade down. So unit growth was robust, but volume growth was impacted. x China, volumes in AMEA grew spectacularly in double digit. So we had a very good quarter in AMEA. I think the real benefits of Tingyi you'll start seeing in Q3 because Q2's a transition year -- transition quarter, and we want to make sure the business transitions the right way. We build all the disciplines and really work with our partners in Tingyi to make sure this is a excellent transition to them. They're a great company incidentally. But starting Q3, I think you'll start seeing tremendous ramp-up in performance. So we look at the prospects of this business. We look at the relative market share that the system is going to have in China, which is going to be the second-largest LRB market in the world, and we're feeling good at this point.  So in closing, Q1 marked good progress against a clear focused game plan that allowed us to compete effectively today, and it also positions well for sustainable long-term growth and value creation. You have my and our entire leadership's commitment that we'll continue to act with great urgency to deliver against our 2012 targets and our strategic objectives.  So let me close by saying thank you to all for joining us and for the confidence you've placed in us with your investment. Have a great rest of the day.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes. Bill, I think what you can extrapolate from that is we said the volume impact was about 2 points. I think you would put the profit impact in a roughly similar place. So the 2 points they did would be closer to 4. And remember, this is the heaviest of the commodity impact for Frito-Lay in Q1. So as we get through the year, the commodity impact on Frito-Lay will be less impactful. So that's kind of tying back to where you would expect Frito-Lay to be roughly normally.
Hugh F. Johnston: Bill, you're going to -- as Indra said, you're going to steadily see those things impact positively during the course of the year, both core as well as the new products.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes. John, the thing I would say is that we're seeing both price and feeling good about volume as well. Obviously, in a world where everyone's trying to interpret what's going on with the economy generally, certainly, the convenience channel and the way it's held up well bodes well for both economic signals but also for our business. So we certainly feel good, both in terms of volume but we feel good competitively as well, as to what's going on in that channel.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes. Dara, why don't I jump in on that one? What we've seen in the pricing environment is all of the players in the industry being very steady about pricing. Haven't seen a whole lot of discounting. Occasionally though, a skirmish will pop up in the drug channel or something like that. But the broad indications are that the pricing that we saw in Q1 continues to stick.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes. So in terms of generally how Europe came in, Bryan, it was very much in line with our expectations and plans. There's a couple of factors to consider in that regard. Number one, the trade accrual fall out and fall in year-over-year. In the context of full year, it was relatively nominal. But in a 2-month quarter and in a business where the profitability is obviously quite low in the first quarter, I think it was $81 million in Europe for the quarter, it's -- it has market impacts relative to the impact on the year. Relative to margins, the other thing to consider is, in last year's numbers, we only had Wimm-Bill-Dann for 1 out of the 2 months. And we only owned 77% of the business for that one month, and Wimm-Bill-Dann, obviously, is a lower-margin business. So that certainly presented something of a drag for the quarter. But we obviously don't give guidance on a sector-level basis. But even in the environment that's as weak as it is in Europe, I think we've got to plan for it correctly, and it's certainly trending in line with our expectations.
Hugh F. Johnston: Bryan, one comment I'd add to Indra's comments as well. In Eastern Europe and Russia, we've probably got the broadest portfolio that we have anywhere in the company. And one of the benefits of that is when the economy is a little bit tougher, we have products that sell well. When the economy is going well, we have premium products that tend to sell well. So we certainly feel good about the way that we've positioned ourselves strategically in that area.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes. So Mountain Dew had a terrific quarter, I mean, feel great about where that brand is, and we obviously have -- had new products coming out against that. The 24-ounce can for regular and diet Dew is going along very, very well. It's -- it looks like a real premium innovation that's going to create incremental revenue and margin for us. The Pepsi business is going to steadily improve over the course of the year. A couple of things to consider in that regard: number one, the Pepsi Max business continues to chug along very well; number two, Pepsi NEXT, as Indra mentioned, has really exceeded our expectations coming out of the gate; number three, the media that we've significantly increased in the first quarter. If you watch much TV, I'm sure you've seen lots of Pepsi ads out there; and then number four, we've got lots of new marketing coming against Pepsi that we'll talk about a little bit later this year. So I think what you're going to see with Pepsi is just a steady progression and a steady improvement in that business during the course of this year. And as we exit into 2013, we expect to feel pretty good about it.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes, Judy. Actually, if you go to what we shared with you on a full year basis, it was actually pretty consistent, with 2 exceptions. The curbing of the A&M has less impact in Q1, which is what we had shared earlier, and that's purely due to the curbing. We’re being very specific about saying we're going to increase by 50 basis points on A&M during the course of the full year, but we curbed that with volume and then you're dealing with the curb of the prior year. So that had a little bit less of an impact in the quarter. And then offsetting that, as we shared with you at Feb. 9, the commodities had a bigger impact in the quarter relative to the impact of the full year. Other than that, everything else was pretty consistent with what we shared with you in the -- back at the Feb. 9 meeting.
Hugh F. Johnston: No. I mean, nothing in particular. Corporate unallocated can be a little bit choppy, but there was nothing of note, and we indicated what we expect out of that for the year. So I wouldn't change how you're thinking about that for the year. There is no big news there.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes. I mean -- yes. So, Ali, what we're really focused on is ensuring that we are both getting the pricing through, and we will and certainly expect to hold or grow margins. The volume, obviously, in Q1 was down 2, but we also said that we saw a negative 2 impact from the 53rd week. As the innovation gets out the door, we certainly expect to see all of the metrics from Q1 improve.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes. So Ali, I guess a couple of things. One, we think about the LRB category because we know consumer behavior at the end of the day is such that people cut across LRBs. It's a repertoire category, and it's certainly been that way for a while. The one thing that we point to as something of an exception in that regard is energy, because it's such a unique category from so many dimensions. In terms of how we manage, do we have expectations for CSDs, as well as for individual non-carbs and Gatorade and Tropicana and SoBe Life Water and all those things? Yes, absolutely we do. Do we see ourselves in a position where we want to lose large amounts of value share in any of those categories? Certainly not. We would not want to see that. But we do have to also recognize and acknowledge the fact that it is a repertoire category. Certain of the subcategories have more tailwinds than others, and certain of them we have better brand positions, primarily in non-carbs. So we're going to look at our funding opportunities based on where we think the best value creation comes from, and that value creation includes a recognition of we need to manage value share effectively. But LRB, we do think is the right way to think about it because of the repertoire nature of consumer behavior.
Hugh F. Johnston: Well, but I -- I think actually you just made your point and our point, which is, given CSDs are such a substantial portion of our portfolio, we've set out as an objective hold or grow value share. And we can't allow CSDs to do poorly if we intend to do that. So I agree with your point. It's an and game, not an or game. We have to be able to do both.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes. So in terms of -- we haven't really broken out the specifics of exactly where the $1 billion-plus money is going to come from. But certainly, you can expect more of it to come from the North American businesses and both the Frito business and the -- or the PAF North American businesses, as well as the PAB business in North America. And then probably the next biggest area where you'll see it come from is Europe. AMEA will probably be the smallest of the 4 for all of the reasons you might expect.
Ali Dibadj: Okay, okay. So I think that's helpful because I think that's a yes. That's good that that's still consistent. Shifting gears a little bit, and this is more of a kind of philosophical question and maybe it's just me being confused again, but whenever we talk about shares on the beverage business, we're always refocused on LRBs versus just CSDs. You guys consistently talk about LRB shares. But doesn't that muddy the waters a little bit, and isn't that manifested in what we saw this quarter? I mean, you had pretty good non-carbs of plus 1, CSD is down 2, and in the end, you had a negative 1 in PAB. So how do you think about that balance internally? I know you're communicating it as an LRB and I understand why, but how do you think about that balance internally in funding the non-carbs piece versus the CSD piece? Because you have to be successful in CSDs, obviously.
Ali Dibadj: That's helpful. But your portfolio is still very much skewed, certainly in North America, to carbonated. So you have to win. You have to be successful in CSDs to win in LRBs. And it's tough for me, I guess, to differentiate those 2 somewhat.
Ali Dibadj: Okay. That helps a lot. And just one last one, to shift gears. If you can remind us a little bit more about where the productivity is coming from specifically. So how much is in North America DSD? How much is just broadly GES or overhead? Just – for you to help us bucket that overall productivity, that'd be helpful.
