Ramon Laguarta: Yeah. Dara let me start and maybe Hugh can add. We see our categories very healthy moving into 2022 and long-term, both our convenient foods and beverages. So that makes us feel very comfortable. The investments that we have made over the last three years in brands, in more capable go-to-market systems, in more insights, better execution that's clearly paying off in the form of share of market gains in across multiple developing markets snacks and beverages. So we feel good about our ability to continue to grow ahead of our categories in 2022 and beyond. And, obviously, we are big players in those categories. So, we carry the responsibility to make this category stay healthy and stay growing faster than food overall. So, that's how we see our long-term. And yes we -- obviously, if you think about next year, yes, we're at the top end of our long-term guidance. This year, obviously, we -- I mean last year we obviously crossed that long-term guidance. So, you see compounded, yes, we're at the high end of our 4% to 6%. And obviously we -- that's the objective of the whole organization to stay within the - that guidance and beat in good years.
Ramon Laguarta: I think Dara if you think about all the investments we've made in the last few years both in the brand's strength or some of our net revenue capabilities, even our execution capabilities the granularity that we can execute in the stores, that's clearly giving us a lot of I would say tools to play the marketplace and to manage the price increases in better ways than we used to do it in the past. So, we're also contemplating that as a factor as we're building our 2022 scenarios.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah. Bonnie one of the things we're – I think we're getting better at is measuring our return on investment on our marketing. And we're – the more data we have and obviously we're becoming a better data company, we're able to put better numbers to those investments and have the marketing teams, and the commercial teams overall choosing different levers that give us the best return overall. And that's playing very well. It's obviously, one of the reasons why we're gaining market share across many categories. It's strategically – we want to continue with this kind of investments being very rational in the way we invest in A&M, but understanding that a company like ours the core competence is building brands. And that's what give us in situations like we're having this year where we have to price, we have consumers following us in spite of higher prices. So I think strategically, it's a very important element in our overall growth strategy.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Lauren, the – I would say, if you take a bigger picture I think there is a elevated in-home consumption that has stayed like that. I think Home-as-a-hub is a clear trend, and we're seeing – we're capturing pretty good that consumption at home. And obviously, during the quarter, there's been more mobility across the multiple markets in the US obviously, but globally, I would say. And then some of the Away from Home business has accelerated as well. So what you see there is a combination of all these channels, I think playing at a very high level. Then, if you go into our own business, I would say, it's a combination of branding, better execution. And the truth is that in Q4 we've seen an improvement sequentially of our supply chain. And some of our large brands, and I would name Gatorade for example, clearly has improved substantially in its running rates and fill rates in the last part of the quarter. So that's reflected as well in a better overall performance for the business. But we're very pleased in general with the way the North America business is performing in beverages and snacks as well. And both the margin expansion, the top line, the fact that it grew with the market a bit faster than the market in a very challenging year with a lot of supply chain complexities and bottlenecks for several reasons. So we're very pleased. We're feeling comfortable as well for 2022. It's very strong commercial programs, very strong brand programs. And as you were saying, probably a better execution machine for many reasons, data and intelligence, but also more empowered organization that makes more local decisions and that's obviously reflected in the performance of the business. 
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, Andrea. Let me talk to you about the Gatorade and then Hugh can talk more about the pricing. We're very optimistic with this sports drink category. But we think of it broadly than just hydration, we think about overall nutrition. And the way Gatorade play in that space along with some other brands like Propel, Muscle Milk, Evolve and some other assets that we have in that space, it is growing very fast. We see continued consumer adoption of this category. Consumers are exercising more. And we think that's a very positive trend for the segment. When it comes to Gatorade, the brand equity is stronger than ever. And the innovation that we've done this year and you will see more next year be it Zero, be it Gatorade, be it some of the more science related with the sweat patch and how we can be much more customized for the consumer based on their hydration profile. So there's a lot of positive value that I think we can create in higher parts of the category with Gatorade and some of the other brands. So we feel good about the demand momentum. On the supply, obviously, we have reacted to the situation. And we've expanded capacity both ourselves and some of our co-packers. And we're ready for what we think will be another year of successful growth for Gatorade and continue to build the brand in spaces that will be hard to match by a competitor. So that's how we are approaching Gatorade and the full category next year.
Ramon Laguarta: Thank you, Laurent. Good to talk to you. Listen, we're executing the playbook as we told you we've been quite consistent on the last few calls. And we're quite pleased with what we're seeing. Obviously, Rockstar, we always said it was the most complex transformation. We repositioned the brand. We changed packaging. We're seeing growth in Rockstar both in the areas, where it's more developed, areas of the country was more developed and new areas obviously, where the distribution system is making a difference. We're seeing especially very good performance in new innovation segments like no sugar and some more Hispanic-focused innovation. So we're hopeful on Rockstar and we're seeing the metrics that we set for ourselves are becoming reality. Then on Mountain Dew Energy, we had this legal situation which we move very quickly. Super agile actually. The teams did a great job turning that in six weeks. And it's in the market. And it's gone back to the platform exactly where it was. So clearly there is a consumer that likes the product. And it's -- we're ready to now invest obviously this year in building that platform under the Mountain Dew Energy branding. And that's a pretty good position even though we had that legal situation. With bank which was the other part of the strategy we -- after that initial hiccup, I think we're -- actually we're doing a pretty good job as a distributor of the brand and the brand is more points of sale than it used to be. And we continue to focus on driving that performance during the length of the contract. And then -- but the other one that we're very pleased is the Starbucks relationship. That is -- that JV relationship is better than ever I would say. And both Double Shot Triple Shot is growing at a very high levels. And I don't know if you're aware we just launched Baja Energy which is a full natural energy brand new brand to the system. It's the first time we launched it both in retail and in Starbucks outlets. Great product good levels of caffeine coming from natural source. We're very optimistic on that platform. It's very incremental, if you see the full portfolio of brands that we have on energy. So Baja will be a positive addition incremental. So I think the machine is firing in a lot of cylinders. It is -- as always it is an area of focus. You need to test and learn and adjust and tweak your execution. I'm pleased with what I'm seeing. The other element that we don't talk so much about Rockstar is that, this year it's going to be in 17 international markets. It was in 10 markets. We expanded in 2021 to -- I think it was 22, 23 markets. Now next year -- this year '22 we'll be in 70 markets. So clearly another part of the growth story of Rockstar as we acquire the business. So we'll keep updating you in our regular calls, but we're positive on how the full energy strategy is working.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah Kevin. Listen on M&A I think we have sufficient brands right to play in that space. So I -- we're not thinking about any M&A in the energy space at this point. Now with regards to alcohol, great question. And I think it's a very interesting development for the LRB category and for the alcohol category. So clearly consumers are choosing to converge in a way. And so we see that space as a strategically very incremental. It's sizable and it's profitable. So, obviously, we'd like to participate in a consistent and structural way for us. Obviously we will play from the brand point of view on innovation licensing our brands to beer manufacturers that can help us with the manufacturing. We don't have the technologies to make some of these products. But we're creating strong partnerships. You mentioned one. And I think we have brands that can extend into those spaces. So that will be one way how we do it. On the other hand, I think there is a very interesting play for us to leverage some of our distribution assets to provide capital distribution and consistent execution across the country. And we're working on that solution. We have, obviously, some market tests undergoing. And we will continue to roll out those -- that potential distribution opportunity. I think it could be an advantage for us if we do it well and that's where we're planning to do. So we see us participating from the consumer point of view and also from the infrastructure and execution and granularity of execution point of view as well. Those two areas could create value for PepsiCo long-term.
Ramon Laguarta: Great. Robert, I'll talk about international a bit and then Hugh can talk about the commodities. And you know we're quite limited on what we'd say about our detailed P&L. The -- on international, I've always said and continue to say that, this is the -- by the largest growth opportunity we have in PepsiCo. I think, where -- we have a strong market positions in snacks and pretty good in beverages in many markets. Some others a bit more challenging positions, but we're working to strengthen those. I think we have the portfolio of brands and we have the portfolio of assets and the teams in place to continue to work on that opportunity. Last year, we grew double-digit internationally, pretty much across the board from Asia to Middle East Africa. Europe was very close to double-digit full year, if I recall. And then Latin America did double-digits. So pretty good performance. And if I look at the top 15 markets for the company, we are gaining share in most of those markets, which is to me the key indicator of progress in the system. Obviously, as we scale up those markets, profitability gets much better. And that's the model we're trying to play. For next year, we see good signs. Obviously, the geopolitics in some parts of the world are complex. We hope that that will not materialize in anything that will impact our system. And we see inflation going up everywhere. We have the brands. And we have, again, the capabilities to price as what we're doing in majority of the market. We feel good about the elasticities as we discussed earlier, both developing market and emerging. I'm a bit more cautious on emerging markets. I want to see a few more months to understand how the consumer is kind of absorbing all these high cost in multiple parts of their budget, household budgets. But we're feeling good about how consumers are staying loyal to our brands in spite of some of our pricing decisions. So, yes, that should cover international. And maybe the -- yes.
Ramon Laguarta: Great. I think, this is the last question. So I just would like to say, thank you for everyone that joined us today, and for the confidence you've placed in PepsiCo and in all of us your investment. And we hope that, you guys stay safe and healthy. So thank you very much.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. And the only thing I'll add there in terms of some of the financial pieces of it you saw in Q4, we had about five points of volume and about seven points of price/mix. Obviously, we're -- as our hedges roll off and we move into a new round of commodities, we're going to price in a way that allows us at least for the full year to try to keep our margins pretty well intact, which means that that seven pricing will probably be around there. Maybe even a little bit stronger for the year. We'll see how it plays out and react to what happens with the facts in the marketplace. But it's going to be a pretty healthy pricing year to accommodate the cost increases.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. So, I mean for 2022 Dara you're right. Obviously there wasn't a lot in Q4, but that's a relatively short period of time. Right now we've built multiple scenarios around elasticity and where we have plans to react to any of them. So, frankly, we'll -- we're going to have to be very agile this year in the way that we plan. But you know that our history on guidance is we tend to have multiple ways to get there and we'll react to what the marketplace gives us.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. Hi Bonnie, it's Hugh. A couple of things on that. One A&M for the year was up 11%. For the quarter, it was up 15%. But remember when you're dealing with the quarter, that's not necessarily what's in the marketplace. That's sort of the A&M curve and we book A&M on the revenue curve. In terms of spend – the spend was up in the quarter for sure. I don't know that, it was disproportionately up relative to the rest of the year. And in terms of go-forward, I expect our A&M as it generally has will probably be in or around the same level of growth as the sales growth number is. Obviously, we feel terrific about the advertising we're doing. We think it's having the right impact. But we clearly were the beneficiaries of in North America some reduction. And we think that's also played well. We generally are spending at a competitive level and we're trying to compete on quality of the A&M not necessarily the quantity of the A&M.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. Andrea, how are you? I'll expand on the -- your question on the other side. Our assumptions on the guidance are based on the pricing that we have in the marketplace right now. And that pricing is based on the visibility that we have into, both the productivity and the cost structure and commodities, which we have pretty good visibility into on the commodities about, eight, nine months of the year, as you would expect based on some of the things I've communicated in the past. Q4 is a bit -- still a bit open, but there are obviously pricing windows as we get into the fourth quarter as well. So as those facts become more known, we'll make decisions on that front. Regarding your question on margins, obviously, we don't give guidance on margins. But I think given the combination of what we know about costs and what we know about pricing, we ought to be able to get through the year pretty well intact on margins, acknowledging the fact that earlier in the year the cost pressure is a little bit higher than it is later in the year.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. I mean we – obviously, we made the decision not just based on what we see this year but what we see over the next couple of years. Number one, we really had a pretty good year on cash generation last year, which gave us a little bit of extra room. In addition to that obviously, we had the Tropicana transaction, which brought us some room as well. And we just really closed that over the course of the last week or so. So the combination of those two factors led us to the decision. As I mentioned last year, CapEx will be elevated for another year or two. But frankly I think that's well within the sort of overall envelope that we're working on and we got comfortable with going back to share repurchase. And obviously, it's a one of the levers we use to help drive company performance and shareholder returns.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. Happy to go there a bit. And as I said elasticities to me are basically a portfolio of risks that we try to manage rather than kind of zeroing in a single number, right? And a portfolio as complex as this it's hard to have that conversation. What I would tell you Vivien that we've seen over the last couple of years is in the North America beverage business, category elasticity’s are relatively low. I think the reason for that is particularly in the multi-bag multi-serve area prices are pretty remarkably low, right? Whether you're looking at two liters or 12 packs and if you compare those prices to elsewhere in the world, the prices in this market are actually quite low. It's a tremendous value for consumers. So as we move into a world of higher inflation, I do expect that the category prices probably will go up. And at least to date we haven't seen much in the way of elasticity. As you might imagine, I can't point to any one. I think we watch elasticity’s on everything, both the value packages and the premium packages. And the good news is our system is agile enough to react to it. But right now the elasticity’s are in line with our expectations. And frankly that's what gives us confidence in the guide for the year.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. So in terms of commodities just a couple of facts. Number one, the overall commodity basket is about $16 billion $17 billion. It's a super broad basket. There's not a single commodity that even accounts for 10% of the overall spend. So a fairly diverse basket. But that said, clearly, commodities are inflationary pretty well across the board. And that's what we're dealing with so.
Hugh Johnston: Sure. In terms of commodities and the way we approach it from a pricing perspective, obviously, we always try to do what we can in terms of productivity to manage an inflationary environment. But obviously, when inflation is this high, we need to take some pricing. In general, in developed markets, we do price through the commodity increases. In developing and emerging, we have the variable to consider of affordability and consumer reaction to it. And our history has been – we'll initially price through two-thirds to three-quarters, and then go back and get the rest of it later. That said overall, as I mentioned earlier in the call, I think the combination of our productivity and our pricing should put us in a position where we ought to be able to keep margins pretty well intact for the year. So that's kind of where I think we land on that. In terms of PBNA, we do expect margins to continue to improve as we've talked about in the past. Drivers are generally the same ones that we've talked about. It's a combination of some pricing, some product mix as the energy category is more successful for us, some level of productivity as we get returns on the investments, we've made in capacity and digitalization and the like. And we continue to use global business services as a mechanism to drive G&A productivity as well. So it's a broad bucket of actions that over the course of several years, we'll get PBNA margins closer and closer to the company average.
