Hugh F. Johnston: Thank you, Indra, and good morning, everyone. I'll just provide a quick update on the outlook, and then we'll move to your questions. From a macro perspective, we remain pretty positive. We see continued broad-based GDP growth, with developed markets stable and developing and emerging markets accelerating. And in most of our key markets, including the U.S., the picture is relatively positive, with strong employment, consumer spending and consumer sentiment data. However, within this broadly positive picture, there remains a risk of geopolitical volatility in certain markets. From an industry standpoint, we continue to see pretty challenging conditions, including: dynamic retail and consumer landscapes; a very competitive environment; some currency volatility, most recently, in the Mexican peso, Russian ruble, Turkish lira and Brazilian real, and commodity inflation. As Indra mentioned, within our businesses, the majority of our divisions are performing well, and we expect NAB's results to improve as the year progresses. So putting this all together, our guidance for 2018 remains unchanged. Specifically, we expect organic revenue growth at least in line with our 2017 growth rate, or 2.3%. As we move through the year, our expectation is that we will continue to see some level of gross margin compression from inflationary input costs. Normally, you would see the gross margin contraction offset with SG&A productivity. But, as we shared with you in February, with the benefit of a lower effective tax rate in 2018, we are making investments to fortify the business, as well as fund the front-line bonus. And these investments will largely offset the productivity-driven margin improvement. We expect our core effective tax rate to be in the low 20s. And we expect core earnings per share of $5.70 or a 9% increase compared to 2017 core earnings per share of $5.23. We continue to expect and we continue to generate strong cash flow and to exercise disciplined capital allocation, with prudent reinvestment in the business. For 2018, we continue to expect free cash flow of approximately $6 billion, which includes approximately $9 billion in cash flow from operations, including a $1.4 billion discretionary pension contribution made in the first quarter, and net capital spending of approximately $3.6 billion. We continue to expect to return approximately $7 billion to shareholders in 2018, with cash dividends of approximately $5 billion, reflecting a 15% increase in the annualized dividend per share starting with the June payment, and share repurchases of approximately $2 billion. And, as we mentioned on the last conference call, we still see the prospect for even higher cash returns as we begin to fully realize the benefits of greater global cash mobility beyond 2018. Finally, as you update your models, I'd like to highlight the following. We continue to expect our core constant currency EPS growth to be higher in the second half than in the first half, as we will lap NAB's softer performance and natural disaster-related business disruptions in the second half. And we expect variability in the timing of productivity savings, investments, which includes the accrual of the front-line bonus, and net commodity inflation, to contribute to relatively better performance in the second half of 2018. With that, we're ready to take the first question.
Hugh F. Johnston: No. I was just going to comment on that as well. The productivity balance won't change. It will be consistent across the globe.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yeah, I'm happy to answer that. Good morning, Vivien. No, I would take the pricing as more temporary in nature. I think when we get to the end of 2018, you're going to see Frito-Lay pricing that's very much in line with what you've seen in the past. I wouldn't expect any dramatic dislocation in that regard. Quarter-to-quarter, price can wiggle a bit, but by the end of the year, you're going to see the same consistent Frito, both from a pricing perspective, as well as from a profit perspective, that you've seen in the past.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yeah, happy to. Hey, Caroline. A couple things on that, number one, we kind of have to separate the accounting from the actual spending in the marketplace. From an accounting perspective, as, of course you know, A&M gets spread out on a curve. As the volume was a little bit softer in the first quarter relative to our expectations for the year, less of the spend would have been booked in the first quarter. And so you're seeing a timing difference in what appears in the books. In terms of media spend in the marketplace, we were actually up strong double digits and strong double digits across the big brands. So I wouldn't over-focus on what the A&M showed up in the financial books. That's a product of GAAP convention. In terms of actual advertising in the marketplace behind the big brands, it was up significantly.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yeah. So, Amit, we're still working through plans to bring cash back to the U.S. No change in 2018 guidance, either from a dividend or share repurchase perspective and as regards 2019, obviously, it's too early to talk about that. We'll talk about specifics of that as we get closer to next year.
Hugh F. Johnston: And, Mark, as regards to the increase in media spending, certain marketing levers work very quickly, distribution and price being the chief among them. Advertising and marketing, there is a building effect over the course of several quarters. So I think you actually did see some responsiveness in Dew, and even Pepsi improved a bit, but it's going to take a few quarters for the Pepsi business to fully respond to the increased advertising in the marketplace.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yeah, happy, Andrea, to talk a little bit to that, and certainly, you can follow up with Investor Relations to get into more of the details. Specific to your question, number one, the front-line bonus was entirely booked in Q1, so you see that in the numbers already. Number two, in terms of the commodity inflation, that'll be pretty consistent over the course of the year. And the productivity will equally be consistent relative to prior year over the course of the year. Of course, productivity always builds during the year, but prior year productivity also built. So that shouldn't be a dramatic difference.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yeah, happy to. Good morning, Pablo. I would respectfully disagree with you on the notion that not having beverages would increase our sway or our influence with retailers. The fact is we're the number one food and beverage company in North America. We're the number two food and beverage company globally. We have impulse categories and expandable consumption. And we've consistently driven growth for our retailers because of the fact that we have impulse categories and strong brands, and they've been well marketed over time. So as our retailers are looking for growth, they inevitably come first to PepsiCo because of the size of the two businesses. It's not to say either one of them isn't a terrific business alone. We just think the two of them are better together, and I have a lot of evidence to support that. So I do think that the retailers value what we bring to the table in their entirety.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yeah, good morning, Bonnie. First, we're seeing pretty consistent positive pricing across all of the channels. So nothing that you see in the IRI or Nielsen data is different than what we're seeing overall. Second, as regards the year, yeah, we absolutely expect pricing that's consistent with what we've seen in the past couple of years. The business pricing performance has been kind of in the 1% to 2% range; price/mix, it's typically been around 2%. I think that's probably a reasonable assumption for us. Again, all subject to what happens in the marketplace, but that's, I think, what you can reasonably expect.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yeah, Brett, this is Hugh. I think there is always opportunities to do that within the boundaries of competitiveness. So if nothing else, hopefully, this management team has convinced you that we're always looking for avenues for growth that provides good returns. And to the degree that those opportunities present themself or to the degree that we're able to turn over rocks and ferret them out, rest assured, we'll take advantage of them as quickly as we can.
Indra K. Nooyi: So, Dara, that's a good question. So let me start off by saying, we are talking just about North American Beverages. As I look around the world, given some of the actions in many countries on beverage categories, selected beverage categories, we have actually performed quite well internationally in beverages, not just as PepsiCo, but the PepsiCo system, because our bottlers have their own beverage businesses, too. So if you look at the total, the beverage system of PepsiCo has actually performed extremely competitively. The issue is in North America, and the issue is really the last three quarters. We look at the performance of the business constantly. If I look at it post the reinvestment we made in 2012, the business has actually performed quite well, very competitive, but performed quite well. And 2014 coming into 2015, 2016 and even the first half of 2017 was good. The last three quarters have been worrisome for us. And let me talk a little bit about this, and I am reflecting back in the last 15 years of looking at North American Beverages, in particular. Whenever we have a competitive situation where somebody is going through a financial transaction with beverages, clearly, that creates room for reinvestment, which starts to perturb the competitive balance. And that's what we are seeing in the last three quarters, because of stepped up investment resulting from business model changes. The question is should we allow this to pass or should we step up and invest along with our competitor and that's a big question we asked ourself. For three quarters, we said let it pass, because all of these have a timeframe. And once that temporary investment phase is over, the business comes back to a competitive equilibrium. But we don't want to be a net share donor, especially in CSDs, especially in colas. And so we'll go toe-to-toe and increase our spending in colas, in particular, but we're going to remain very responsible on pricing. The key thing is this is a business that's highly competitive in North America. There's no question about it. It's a big business. It's a profitable business. Is it the same profile as salty snacks? No, but it generates a lot of U.S. cash, in the mid-teens profitability. I think that's a very, very attractive business in the staples space. And it gives you enormous clout with retailers because the velocity on this categories are phenomenal. And I will tell you one thing. Anybody who is in the beverage business always wants to be in the salty snack business. And anybody who's in the salty snack business always wishes they had a beverage partner because you can't have a salty snack without a beverage. So we have the combination together. We just have to keep making sure that our portfolio works. And that's what we are doing. We like (24:19) the fact that we have to go through these short-term issues with performance, but believe me, our team is maniacally focused on getting this business back to track in the second half of this year. And we will, sequentially improving every quarter.
Indra K. Nooyi: That's not what we are talking about when we talk about all available options. The beverage business is still a global business. It's very linked, the North America business to the international business. And it's very linked to our snacks business. It provides very important scale in many important international markets and provides us a seat at the table with customers here in the U. S. So I think the beverage business is very important. The real question we are asking ourselves is how best do we handle the operating aspects of bottling? We've gone back and forth between a separate company, part of PepsiCo. Is it best as a stand-alone public entity or is it best in the hands of multiple franchisees? The evidence is not clear. And we want to make sure we just don't engage in financial transactions for the sake of financial transactions, but whatever we do is really setting the company on a sustainable path. So we're looking at what models exist out there. We're looking at what we did in the past. And we are trying to see how best to operate this very attractive, but very competitive beverage business that creates shareholder value and also does not detract from the overall performance of the rest of PepsiCo.
Indra K. Nooyi: And in terms of going forward, Caroline, which is the second part of your question, in most of the brands that we have, we're spending at very competitive levels, and they're all yielding the right results. The only place where we're outspent in the marketplace is in colas. And we were surprised by the extent to which media spending was taken up in colas by competition. So we're going to step up our advertising behind trademark Pepsi, with a little bit of a focus on Zero Sugar and Diet Pepsi. And at the end of the day, we don't want to be a share donor. We want to be responsible in pricing. We want to be responsible in portfolio management, to go where the consumer is going. At the same time, being a share donor is not our cup of tea.
Indra K. Nooyi: Again, mix is very important, because based on the mix, you'll see what the price realization is going to be. But, Ali, I'll tell you something. We've said this for several years now, and I'll repeat it. The message that all our NAB chaps (34:14) have is make sure that we never return to what happened in 2011, 2012 when there were $5 cubes. That's not going to happen. We want to make sure that, especially with inflation creeping into the business, we price to cover inflation. I think it's very important with the category growth of about 2%, that we play this market in a very responsible way, so that we don't further depress the category. Now, here's a challenge. Single-serve clearly has better price realization. And as the mix of single-serve versus groceries shifts, clearly, you'll see some pricing perturbation. But from our perspective, we are watching grocery pricing very, very carefully. And we want to make sure we don't destroy the pricing architecture across the industry. And that's really the game we are playing. But we're not going to lose the game because of media spending, because at the end of the day, pricing discipline is one thing. But if it's a question of media spending to make sure that the consumer understands that Pepsi is still a strong, vibrant brand, we're going to spend on media. And we are maniacally focused on making sure we use every opportunity with mini cans, with other packaging formats, to cover inflation to the extent we can, although that's difficult, but inch the pricing up. That's what we're focused on right now.
Indra K. Nooyi: On refranchising or any other option, Mark, I didn't say no to anything. I didn't say yes to anything. All that I said was we're studying all of the options, because we have gone back and forth with the bottling business over the last decade or two. And I don't believe just doing a financial transaction for the sake of short-term financial results is the optimal way to create shareholder value. What we are trying to see is, given the dynamics of this business going forward, given that the mix of products is likely to change, with more hot fill, more non-carbonated, more nutritious beverages coming on to the marketplace, how best do we manage the concentrate business versus the bottling business, so that we don't have to engage in a financial transaction every five or 10 years. That's what we are trying to do. We are looking at structures that exists today to see whether they are operationally easy to execute or do they sound good in the short term, but they're very, very, complex and operationally a nightmare to operate. We're studying that. We're also looking at other structures, because I've always told you, the bottling business is a utility, low earnings growth, lots of cash. How do you operate the bottling business like a utility? What's the best structure to do that? That's what we are thinking through, stay tuned.
Indra K. Nooyi: Robert, we look at this all the time. Clearly, the quality of voice is important. You cannot just spend with a poor message. The message that we had the last two years, I don't think resonated as much. But the new Pepsi Generations campaign is resonating exceedingly well. It's scoring very high. The recall, the regard numbers are all extremely high. And as we go through the summer, you'll see more advertising for Pepsi Zero Sugar, Diet Pepsi as new products come in. You will see a trademark campaign, augmented with some specific additional messaging on Pepsi Zero Sugar and Diet Pepsi. And believe me, we are maniacally focused on the quality of the message to see if it's resonating with the traditional users, which tend to be more the boomers, and then recruiting the new people, which is the millennials. And we are watching all of these cohort groups to make sure that the message is getting through, that Pepsi is a refreshing drink. It's great for fun times together, and it's great with food. And the recent campaign with Aaron Judge is gaining a lot of attention. And we feel good about the messaging. But at the end of the day, having a great message, but not conveying that regularly, especially with a competitor who is on air all the time, is not the right approach. And so we are going to step up the advertising, and we will constantly look at how it's resonating with consumers. And if we have to make a little tweak here and there, we'll do it.
Indra K. Nooyi: Again, Hugh, adding to your comment, in North America, if you take the biggest retailers, they do top-to-top meetings and a joint business plan session, maybe with three companies. And PepsiCo is a company that is a must do a top-to-top with because we are such a big part of the store, such a big part of the growth. And most large retailers will say, if PepsiCo doesn't grow, we can't grow because it's such a big part of the high velocity categories. So our joint business plan, top-to-top meetings, may be one of the few where the senior-most leaders of the big retailers attend these meetings. Second, I go over to Europe, and individually, our businesses may be 37th or 50th in importance to a retailer. But together, we are in the top 10, but not just in the top 10, we are the fastest growing. And very often, we end up with top-to-top meetings with European retailers, and I attend many of them. And the reason that they ask for the top-to-top is because together, we drive a lot of the sales growth of the retailer, and we are high-velocity categories and bring the traffic in. And we are very innovative across both categories. So I think that what we are looking at right now is a short-term performance issue with North American Beverages. We know exactly what needs to get done and we are off doing it. And we have come off three, four years of terrific performance. So we've got three quarters of performance miss and we are going to fix it, period.
Indra K. Nooyi: You're right, Nik. You know what? And this is just our observation, because we've studied all these in great detail. In the first couple of years of refranchising, when the parent company gives you a bit of a break, you're spending the parent company's money. After the first 18 months, it's your money that you have to spend. And right now, those independent bottlers are operating on very, very low margins. So the real challenge is going to be after the first 18 months after refranchising, are they going to be spending their own money off of lower margins already to do what they've been doing in the first 18 months post-refranchising where they got some breaks from the parent company. I don't know. The jury is out. All that I tell you is, the evidence in a couple of cases where we've seen the first 12 months pass after refranchising, we are already seeing execution drop off significantly. Again, I'm not passing any judgment, I'm just giving you an observation. Believe me, what we are doing is studying their model in great detail. And if we believe their model makes sense, and if we believe that it's a model that can be executed without having to buy back the bottlers again in a few years down the road, the advantage is we can follow it easily. We are in studying mode at this point, along with all other options.
Indra K. Nooyi: Oh, great question, Steve. I'd say that there's stuff that happens together behind the scenes and stuff that happens that's visible to all the consumers. For the big holidays, you do see joint promotions. The idea of Power of One is not to force joint activity, even if it doesn't (51:58) make sense, because, sometimes, just based on the marketing calendar with various retailers, Frito and Pepsi may be on deal at different times. So we have to be very, very careful that we don't force deal activity when it doesn't make sense. But Super Bowl was an example where the two came together in a significant way. But let me speak behind the scenes. We talked about the joint business planning. We talked about technology transfer. Frito-Lay had GES. NAB had GeoBox. (52:26) They're all the same technology. So we negotiate with suppliers in one place. We have the same chassis for both Beverages and Frito-Lay. The go-to-market system shares all the best practices between the two entities. When we think about customer management, customer databases, how you think about managing the whole customer relationship, we have Power of One customer teams. Our Walmart team is one team. And so behind the scenes, in dealing with the customers, we are one company. From a execution and a shelf perspective, we do displays and joint activity when it makes sense. Foodservice, we go together as much as possible. We do have joint programs between beverages and snacks. That gives us a much better seat at the table for many foodservice negotiations. Then our Hello Goodness vending machine, which we're now rolling out pretty fast, that's got both beverage and snack better-for-you, good-for-you options in the machine. And that's what's allowing us to win university accounts because they love the fact that we're putting in good-for-you, better-for-you products in machines. And there's both snacks and beverages, and we take care of fulfilling it. And so I think there's lots going on behind the scenes. Your question sounds like music to my ears because I'd like to do more and more and more. But you've got to be a little bit careful that you don't do Power of One for the sake of Power of One. You do it because it makes sense, in terms of driving sales or lowering costs. Then talent, one thing I shouldn't forget. The great thing with NAB is, because it's so competitive, if you take a Frito-Lay person, put them in North American Beverages and send them back to Frito-Lay, they're much better executives because they now really learned what it is to be in a dogfight. And so from a talent development, we actually like NAB as a wonderful talent development area where you really earn your stripes for playing in a highly competitive sort of not just large competitors, but a whole bunch of small competitors, and how you navigate that whole minefield.
Indra K. Nooyi: The first question – and, Hugh, I'll make some comments. If you want to add something, please do. Look, looking at the best way to operate North American Beverages is not something new. We've been talking about it for the last two years on the call. So we always look at it and say, hey, what's the best way to create value. And that's something we're maniacally focused on. And we've studied other companies' activities. We've looked at creative options on our side. But, again, we have to make sure whatever we do does not take us back to the old system of having problems between the bottling company and the concentrate company, because this is a big, attractive category. And so there is no timeframe, Kevin. When we get to a place where we think it makes sense to do something, we'll share it with you. But at this point, we're not going to give you any date because we don't know. We haven't come up with the solutions yet. We're still studying. In terms of Gatorade, the business is still very, very strong. This is like the ready-to-drink coffee business. When some new competitor comes in and decides to drop the pricing substantially and take some share from distribution, the leader, especially the leader like Gatorade, has to be very judicious in not trying to compete on pricing. And so what happens is, we allow some distribution build to happen. Then we watch to see what happens to velocities of that product. And right now, what we are seeing is, there is some competition in sports drinks. But after the first distribution build, velocities are dropping off. And if some of these companies are actually preparing for sale, you do see them taking on some actions that are not sustainable in the long term. In those cases, Gatorade just has to be very responsible and very careful in its response. It's got to be surgical, and that's what we are doing. We are watching Gatorade shares like a hawk. And whenever we have a competitor that's trying to build distribution through pricing, there's a point or two that we might lose, but we always gain it back. It's still the strongest franchise in sports nutrition, bar none.
Indra K. Nooyi: Thank you all for your questions. And let me summarize. We are hyper-focused on improving the financial performance of North American Beverages, but in a responsible and sustainable way. We are very pleased with the very strong performance we are seeing across the balance of the business. And we are on track to deliver our full year financial targets. Thank you very much for joining this morning. And thank you for the confidence you've placed in us with your investment.
