Hugh F. Johnston: Thank you, Indra, and good morning everyone. Let's move to our outlook for 2017. Looking ahead, and as we set out in the release, we continue to expect organic revenue growth of at least 3%, fueled by successful product innovation and strong marketplace execution but tempered by a cautious macro outlook. Based on current market consensus rates, foreign exchange is expected to negatively impact full-year reported net revenue by approximately 2 percentage points, consistent with our previous guidance, and negatively impact core EPS by approximately 2 percentage points, which is a 1 point improvement from our previous guidance. We intend to reinvest the Britvic share sale gain in the balance of the year, so I would encourage you not to flow through the impact of the gain in your full year models. Given the variety of macro issues we are facing around the globe, we think it is prudent to use this upside to strengthen the business. As a result of the improvement in foreign exchange outlook on earnings, we now expect core earnings of $5.13 per share. This reflects core constant currency EPS growth of 8%, offset by the 2 point Forex impact. In terms of other key considerations and assumptions embedded in our full-year outlook, we continue to expect raw material inflation driven by both an increase in our basket of commodities and additional pressure from transaction Forex. We continue to expect core operating margin expansion, fueled by our productivity programs, and we continue to expect our core effective tax rate to be approximately 24%. Turning to cash flow, we expect to continue to generate strong cash flow and to exercise discipline over capital allocation, with prudent reinvestment into the business and the majority of our free cash flow excluding certain items to be returned to shareholders through dividends and share repurchase. So, for 2017, we continue to expect approximately $10 billion in cash flow from operations; net capital spending of approximately $3 billion; approximately $7 billion in free cash flow excluding certain items; cash dividends of approximately $4.5 billion; recall that we previously announced a 7% increase in our quarterly dividend beginning with the June payment, this represents the 45th consecutive year in which we have increased our dividend; and share repurchases of approximately $2 billion. Finally, as you update your models, I'd like to highlight the following three items as they relate to the balance of the year. First, please keep in mind that we will be lapping our strongest rate of quarterly organic revenue growth in Q3, with a particularly tough lap in our North America Beverages sector. Second, while we are lapping some incremental investments related to the 53rd week from last year, we do intend to reinvest the Britvic share sale gain this year. Hence, we expect there may be some variability and volatility in the core operating margin. Third, we expect the negative impact of foreign exchange translation to be similar to what we saw this quarter, and consequently we expect the balance of year core EPS growth to be weighted toward Q4. With that, we are ready to take the first question.
Hugh F. Johnston: Happy to answer both of those, Steve. In terms of price versus mix in Frito, round numbers it was about 2 points price and about 1.5 points of mix. Mix, as Indra mentioned, is driven by premium products such as Lay's Poppables. So when you are selling a potato puff, you are obviously filling the bag with less weight than you would say with a bag of Fritos. So we think that's a good win for the consumer and it's obviously a good win for us as well.
Hugh F. Johnston: Fantastic tasting product. In terms of the legal settlement and the other items that you mentioned, it was in the teens in millions. So, it was not small number but not a gigantic number by any stretch of imagination.
Hugh F. Johnston: Sure, happy to. Ali, a couple of comments on that. First, as we pointed out at the beginning of the year, we expect to see operating margin improvement strengthen as we go from the front half to the back half. That's what you saw from Q1 going to Q2 and that's what you'll see as we head into the back half of the year as well. So, I think things generally are tracking to our expectations. Regarding advertising and marketing spend, we have said many times that we would invest further in A&M to the degree that we saw a return on investing further in A&M. As we move from 5.2% of sales to 5.7%, that was a move to get more competitive, as we have moved over the past four years from 5.7% to about 6.7% of sales. Those were all based on good ROI. So, I think you'll see the A&M change as we introduce new products or as we see opportunities to earn a good return. We're not going to blindly put money into A&M. Do I think you'll see A&M going backwards? No, I don't expect that to be the case in a meaningful way. It could go forward to the degree that we see good investment opportunities. More broadly on productivity, truthfully I think we have years of productivity still in front of us. The cost bucket that we evaluate productivity against, what we call OpEx, is about $28 billion. It's got a natural inflation rate of 3% to 4% per year. So as we continue to drive 4%-ish types of productivity, you see that bucket basically staying relatively flat. I do expect that we will, as we have guided in the past, continue to see steady margin improvement while we reinvest in growth. So, I think overall, the margin versus growth equation is one that hasn't changed much relative to where we have been in recent years.
Hugh F. Johnston: No, I think you captured it effectively. I do think we are doing different than new skills but that's something to be expected. And as far as having the resources, I think we can continue to drive sufficient productivity to stay ahead of the wave.
Indra K. Nooyi: That was 10 questions, Dara. That was 10 questions very wonderfully rolled into one, but we're going to try to answer every one of those. Let me start by saying that I think you are beginning to see the limitations of the syndicated data, because as I mentioned in my script, the channels are beginning to blur between food service, retail, home delivery, restaurants, everything, the channels are beginning to blur. And when you have blurring channels, you now have a shopping occasion being replaced by home delivery or replaced by a meal delivery of kits. So what we have to do is rethink what is the real growth of the marketplace, the food and beverage marketplace, in a much more holistic way. There's no question that the syndicated data showed a slowdown in the overall market I'd say in the first half. Rather than talk about quarter to quarter, let's just talk about the first half. Slightly south of 2% is what we saw in the first half. But I think if you include a much broader definition of the market, I think you're going to see what the traditional growth is, which is population plus some, more in the range of somewhere between 2% and 2.5%. I think that's what you'll see as an overall growth rate. I think we all as manufacturers have to start to rethink how we serve this multiplicity of channels and how we should retool our business models to serve every one of these fragmenting channels. That's the challenge all of us have and we have been looking at that very, very carefully. Now let's talk a little bit about the category weakness. I think, on salty snacks in particular, let me speak to that. I have belief, and we watch volume, revenue and pricing very, very carefully on a weekly basis, I think where the market is today, when we can take pricing, we should take the pricing, and we have been trying to move the portfolio more to premium products, and the good news is that we are actually making progress in Frito-Lay to move the business more to premium products. And so, I'd say, this thing will right itself, we are gaining share overall in the marketplace, we are gaining value share which is really what we are focused on, we are managing the mix very carefully, managing channel mix, product mix very carefully. We feel pretty good about the Frito-Lay performance and where we are moving the portfolio, nudging it towards premium, balancing the value of mainstream part of the portfolio very, very carefully. So we feel good about that. On the beverage side, we've got good price realization, so I feel good about that. Do I have some concerns about our carbonated soft drink business? Not concerns, but I think they have more opportunity, and I think that as we move towards the second half of the year and we sort of fine-tune our calendar, you'll start seeing more activity from us on carbonated soft drinks. On balance, we have good innovation, and I wouldn't say we are concerned, but we are watching it very, very carefully to make sure that everything that we can control, we do right by these businesses. Big businesses, very attractive businesses, we just want to make sure we get our fair share of those businesses. But the key thing is we are going to focus on price realization and let marketing drive the top line.
Indra K. Nooyi: So, I'm going to let Hugh get all the answers ready for the 10 questions you asked in operating margin, Ali. Let me talk about the changes in channels. We are all figuring it out as we go along. The good news is, our e-commerce business is growing brilliantly. We are doing very, very well. We are not yet ready to talk about it in any significant way. Maybe in the next couple of calls we will start focusing on that. But it's growing really, really nicely. But it's growing with our traditional products and our traditional packaging, if you want to call it that. There is clearly an opportunity for us to think about innovation for e-commerce, which is what we are all focused on. We want to make sure that our snacks are more shippable, not just in click and collect, but more also for delivery, so that the cube efficiency is there. And on beverages, I think there are two issues. One is the cold delivery of the beverages, if consumers so desire ice-cold beverages delivered to them, which I find it hard to believe, but you can never tell. And then how do we make sure that we address this whole delivery of water, because beverages is largely water. So we are looking at meaningful innovation, both in snacks and beverages, in order to address the exploding growth of e-commerce. And with our big brands, I think we are well-positioned. Now let me come to the impulse nature of our products. I think the whole e-commerce area is going to be impulse as you see it in a brick-and-mortar store, which then translates to e-commerce and then becomes part of a replenishment cycle. But then as people stop going to brick-and-mortar and start shopping only on e-commerce, which well could be the Gen-Z, the new I-generation, if you want to call it that, I think the new digital tools can easily afford you the ability to create the impulse experience online. We have seen so many virtual reality tools right now that can actually simulate grocery stores or whatever version of a grocery store you want online, and you can easily navigate the aisles and just with a click shop for whatever you want. So, I think in an interesting way there's infinite possibilities to create impulse all through technology online, and I think as this market matures and evolves, you're going to see a lot of that happening, and we are focused on developing all of these tools ourselves with our e-commerce partners to make sure that we are responsive to them when they so choose to go that way. So with that, let me turn it to Hugh to give you the [treaties] [ph] on operating margin. Go ahead, Hugh.
Indra K. Nooyi: And I think, Hugh, it's fair to say that with the changing marketplace, where there's blurring of retail channels, the consumer preferences changing, the marketing models changing, we have to invest in these new capabilities in order to generate the top line growth we are generating. So, we intend to continue to invest judiciously in these new areas, so we can sustain our top line growth globally.
Indra K. Nooyi: We model out different channel shifts, what could be the pricing implications, we look at analogs from Europe when there were lots of retail disruptions, and then we look at what do we need to do to get innovation-driven pricing, mix-driven pricing, and then what do we need to offset the productivity, how do we need to go deeper on productivity programs. So Bryan, what we do do is model this out constantly, we look at multiple scenarios, and then we figure out how to get the best blend of top and bottom line growth in a changing retail environment. The good news is that as the retail environment shifts, we just have to retool our model for the retail environment shifts. The market is still growing, that's the good news, and these are huge categories. So, our goal is to capture the growth with a changing environment with our innovation and our big brands. That's why we focus so much on innovation because we believe innovation can actually create consumer demand and get us the price premium, and then we keep investing in our brands, both at the big brand level and the emerging brands like KeVita and Naked, so that we can grow our business on both ends of the spectrum.
Indra K. Nooyi: And I think a lot of the new technologies actually allow us to deliver more productivity. We just need to – I think the key thing people have to take away is that in order to deliver productivity downstream, you have to invest upstream. So you have to invest today to get the benefits tomorrow. Benefits don't come out of thin air. And so, what we are doing is investing today to get more productivity downstream.
Indra K. Nooyi: So, first of all, we don't lose the Lipton business even with change of hands. So I would rest assure that we are protected there. On this whole industry outlook, Pablo, I think you guys on the sell side are much more knowledgeable about industry and industry trends, because you've been following it for such a long time. We actually read your reports to get insights into where you think the industry is going. So I'd rather depend on your opinions here and we'll keep our opinions to ourselves on this one.
Indra K. Nooyi: Thanks Lauren for the question. First of all, we don't reconcile our data with the scanner data. We just keep running the business and just we keep selling, we keep making sure that our product is on the shelf. Remember, we are high velocity products. So, we know on a weekly basis exactly what we sell and what's being pulled by the consumer. So we have good data on what's happening in the marketplace. I have no idea why the scanner data diverges so much. It's been happening in many markets and I think it reflects some of the limitations of syndicated data and they need to go back and retool it, but we are very comfortable where we are and we are just going to keep running the business this way. So with that, let me thank you for your questions, and to summarize, we are pleased with our results for the first half, we remain on track to deliver our full-year financial targets, and we feel well-positioned to continue to perform well, even in the midst of change and disruption. Thank you very much for joining us this morning and for the confidence you've placed in us with your investment.
