Indra K. Nooyi: Thank you, Hugh. Thanks to all of you for your attention this morning. And before we open it up for questions, let me just recap the key points we'd like you to takeaway this morning by returning to one of our earlier slides.  We're excited about the initiatives we shared with you this morning and look forward to sharing with you our progress as the year progresses. And as I said as I close my talk this morning, you should expect to see the following: a substantial increase in our brand support and focus, improvement in our brands' health, delivery of significant incremental cost productivity, greater efficiency in capital spending, strong cash flow generation and attractive cash returns to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.  Now as I turn it over to you for Q&A, and if I could just have John, Zein, Al and Saad join me here on the podium, and we will take questions from you, and then we'll toss it to our sector heads so that they, too, can share their thoughts with you. So with that, it's over to you. Yes? Go ahead.
Indra K. Nooyi: I'll make a couple or 3 comments, and I'm going to toss it to Al to talk about how they're reorienting the advertising spending especially -- you focus more on North American beverages, right? Let me start by saying to you that over the last 5 years, the A&M has not been cut. That's the interesting part of the whole North American beverage discussion. So the dollar amount has not been cut. The non-working A&M squeezed out the working A&M. That's the big issue. What you see is measured media. We look at total A&M in the North American beverage business, nothing has changed. The thing to be careful about Gatorade, for example, the working media that you see, the ads are a very small portion of Gatorade. A lot of Gatorade is more what they do with sideline presence and what they do with athletes and what they do to market the product to them. So you've got to look at the overall A&M bucket. Over the last 5 years, the single biggest trend is that we had non-working A&M squeezed out working A&M because inflation and contracts and we had too many agency relationships. And the second is that we supported too many brands. I mean, in North America, because we are a total beverage company with a large portfolio of non-carbon, carbonated brand, we supported too many brands. So the first thing they're doing is first, focusing our effort behind a few brands -- and Al's got a list of brands he's really going to focus on. And by shifting more non-working to working A&M, what you're going to see is that 15% to 20% increase in visible dollars that we're talking about is going to feel like hell of a lot more in North America. So that's the top line number. But that's not enough. If you don't support the A&M with innovation and execution, you can talk about the brands all you want, but you need news to drive incrementality, so that's why we're going to focus a lot more on innovation. And Al, maybe you can talk about some of the innovations the second point, and execution on the ground is going to really go up when we start tailoring assortments by store so we can actually get that incremental growth. Lastly, on total growth, the marketplace in North American Beverage business is only growing 1% in volume; and in value, maybe 3% to 4%. In the last 4 to 5 years, the new entrants in the pure plays have taken a lot of the growth and the big 2, 2.5, 3 have not really had as much of the growth as the pure plays. So we have to figure out how to be a pure play within our own company, and it's not for not having the innovation. We have had tons of innovation. We just kill it too fast, and this new growth ventures that Al is setting up now, mirroring what we've done with Frito-Lay will allow us to incubate these new products so that it doesn't always have to be a $50 million, $100 million case innovation the first year. We can actually start smaller and build up the business. So let me turn it to Al to give you his perspective. Al, it's all yours.
Indra K. Nooyi: And let me just add one last point. As I said to you in the opening comments, this is the first time we're going to have global management of big brands. I mean, it might seem unusual to you, but Pepsi was never managed as a global brand. It was managed in a much more fragmented way. Brad Jakeman, who joined us 6, 9 months ago is doing a fabulous job thinking about Pepsi as a global brand, and you'll start seeing the results of this global brand work in summer of this year. And so the leverage of all of this investment is what gives us confidence that -- at first step, hold share, start slowly moving this value share to pick it up. And then would be technology breakthrough, really start thinking about how to gain share. But the real important thing in all of this is to play in this market in a responsible way. I think this category has been played in interesting ways by the competitors, too much pricing action even when commodities have gone up. So it's very important that pricing is responsible, and that's what we've been trying to do in the last 6, 9 months. Go ahead.
Indra K. Nooyi: So, Saad, you want to take the Tingyi question because you meet with Chairman there on regular basis...
Indra K. Nooyi: Caroline, that's a great question. And when we went into the alliance with Tingyi, I mean, we've all had a chance to meet with Chairman Wei, who we adore. I want to tell you, that was the thing we worried about the most. And what we found that was refreshing was Chairman Wei actually -- I don't know what he told you, but he sought us as much as we sought him. He wanted this business because he realized that this business had more price incrementality than tea where there's so much local competition. So this actually gives him some insulation. PepsiCo also provides him a lot of best practice sharing from all of the stuff we do around the world, whether it's marketplace investments, how we grow the business, how we put in coolers, how we put in the route. There's a lot of sharing of knowledge and know-how. And he genuinely believed that carbonated soft drinks will actually grow as a percentage of sales in China, may not be to the U.S. level, but it will grow. It's about 20% today, it will grow. So this was a mutually sought after marriage, and we feel very good about the prospects for this business. So now let me toss it to John to talk about the...
Indra K. Nooyi: In terms of pricing behind the brands, we actually lead pricing in many parts of even North America. None of our snack businesses are an issue. But in beverages, we've been trying to take pricing up. It is a very competitive market out there. And if the market place behaves in a sensible way based on commodities, I think the pricing will go up. This has nothing to do with our brand. One example I'll give you is in the cold channel, and Al you can talk about it. We've taken pricing up and it stuck. And our cold channel volume is up significantly.
Indra K. Nooyi: Good question, and I tell you, 2007, '08 -- let me -- just typically, when new CEOs come, they just like to sort of throw everything in the kitchen sink and reset. I was looking at the portfolio and saying, "Hey, you can reset all you want, but developed markets are getting a little soft." We don't have much emerging and developing markets in my portfolio. And sometimes, when you have a problem in the portfolio overall, you take a gigantic reset. The issues that I was facing at that time required transformation, which was going to take several years. I'll be honest with you. Had we not had this macroeconomic meltdown and this commodity cost volatility, this whole reset would have happened earlier, and the transformation could have happened earlier. The problem is, we faced the worst crisis, and we had to reset in the middle of this crisis. The other problem was anytime we wanted a reset for North American beverages, there was this giant sucking sound where the bottling systems took out all of the extra funding and demanded bottle funding, okay? And so we had to address that structural problem we had with the bottling systems so that we didn't have 2 companies fighting over a shrinking profit or a flat profit pool. So I had to wait for that bottling system integration to happen, okay? And so finished the bottling system integration 2010; in 2011, brought the management of all of it under one person, Al Carey, and said okay, now is the time to go off and make the reset happen because now we know that every dollar of shareholders' money we put behind the reset will actually yield results as opposed to you put the money -- and as I said, every CEO gets an opportunity once in a decade to make a reset. It's like running a car race. You got to take a pit stop at some point, and you don't get too many chances to take a pit stop and then still win the race. We want to win the race. So this was the pit stop, and we had to pick it very strategically. So that's what we did. Talked through about it every year, I'll be honest with you.
Indra K. Nooyi: Let me talk to you about organization. We do a great job developing our internal talent for succession at the senior-most level. You see an outstanding group of leaders here, who've all grown up in the PepsiCo system doing outstanding job, but I think the mark of a good company is to be able to bring in external talent when needed at the right level, whatever the level of the company is, if the belief of the leadership of the company is that this external talent will significantly improve the thinking of the company and help us position ourselves to perform in a new and changing environment. I think all of us are in an extraordinary period of change. Many of the skills we had over the -- that we learned over the last 10 or 15 years don't apply in the future. So very often, you have to buy some of this talent to just improve the overall knowledge base in the company. I mean, I'll give you an example, Enderson Guimaraes. Where are you, Enderson? Enderson came to us from Electrolux, and he was running a big piece of Electrolux. Now he's running global operations for PepsiCo. The thinking that Enderson brings to us challenges the way we do things in PepsiCo, which is great because it makes us all a better company, a better group of leaders. So I think any good company, the mark of a great company is to be willing, to be open to bringing an external talent when needed, assimilating them, learning from them and then getting better as an overall company. On the last thing on the Chairman and CEO roles, look, I've been Chairman and CEO, and I've seen the benefits of being both the Chairman and CEO being able to manage the board, external constituencies and be able to run the company. If you have a Chairman and CEO that runs a very flat organization, 20 reports, and they're not of the caliber of being Chairman and CEO themselves, then you have a problem. I have the unusual benefit of having 4 sector heads who each of them can be Chairman and CEO in their own right and a phenomenal CFO. So I look at my team and say, "I work for them, they are all Chairman and CEOs in their own way." And so I think in PepsiCo, this role combination actually works. I promised to come here. Yes, right here on the first row.
Indra K. Nooyi: Look, what we've given you is the long-term algorithm. We said high-single digit. We'll come to 2013 guidance as we get to the early part of 2013. Let's see what the environment is like, what all of the cost situation looks like. Why do we believe that we'll get a return on investment? I'm going to use Pepsi Max as an example. We invested heavily behind Pepsi Max and the restaging of Pepsi Max last year and this year. Pepsi Max is up more than 50% in volume between last year and this year. Now it's off a small base, but it's up 50%, and it's almost one share of the carbonated soft drink business. So you can't run 20 brands and try to invest behind all of them and expect them to cut through the clutter. But if you take a focus group of brands, that actually belong in different aisles in store, look at the brands that Al talked about. You've got Pepsi, Dew in the CSD aisle. You've got Gatorade in the sports aisle. You've got Tropicana sitting in the refrigerated aisle. If you invest behind each of these sitting in different parts of the store and put the appropriate media rates, our testing shows that you can actually get growth in each of these brands. And that's the model we've been using. We have tested that, and we believe we will get a return on it, okay. I have to go to a question there. Yes, go ahead.
Indra K. Nooyi: The thing to be careful about just, say, on pricing, I'd be careful about assuming that the brands don't have pricing power. I'll tell you why because this is a tough economy. It's not that the brands don't have pricing power. Consumers don't have the buying power. Okay, if you had a normal year, we would be looking at a very different dynamic. In countries where consumers have buying power, the emerging market of EMEA, Asia and Middle East, we have been able to price. We are getting the value -- volume growth and the value growth, not an issue. The last thing I'd tell you is on gross margins. As the mix of countries changes and as we get more growth in emerging and developing markets, which is what all of us should want because that drives long-term growth, sometimes the gross margin picture starts looking muddy because in those markets, we're still in the early stages so the gross margin is a little bit lower and then they ramp up. So when you have a large company and you're looking at a combination of different businesses, categories, countries with different dynamics and a combination of franchise and operating business, there's not a linear relationship on the gross margin. So it requires explanation. And we'll provide it to you in our quarterly calls. Okay, I'll take a question on this side. Is there a question on this side? No? Go ahead. I'll come back again for you.
Indra K. Nooyi: I mean, the advertising spending is broad-based. As Al mentioned, it's a 360 degree activation. So each of those elements you talked about will get an increase in advertising spending. And no, we are not in the Olympics. We were the proud sponsors of the NFL and the outstanding Super Bowl we just witnessed where we had phenomenal results with our advertising campaign. And that's what we're doing.
Indra K. Nooyi: I'm going to answer that question, and then what I'm going to do, Damian, is give you a gift. I'm going to have Saad, Zein talk about their regions, and then I'm going to have John and Al talk about Latin America because they also cover Latin America. Currently, our Good-for-You portfolio is about $14 billion in PepsiCo. That market category is growing between 89% globally. If we just keep growing at that rate between now and 2020, we will be a $30 billion business. So we don't need any extraordinary intervention to grow that business. What we need to do is to invest, to grow in those markets we are in and go into new markets with just our Quaker, Tropicana, Gatorade and where appropriate, our Naked Juice brands. So we're not looking at any dramatic expansion through acquisitions at this point. So let me turn -- Zein, let me turn it to you to talk about what you're seeing in Europe, especially Western Europe, Eastern Europe, Southern. Give us your perspective.
Indra K. Nooyi: Yes. Mix, I think, our expectations again depends on how the economies evolve, Eric. But right now, emerging markets -- emerging and developing markets about 35% of the revenue of PepsiCo. We think it'll get to 50% by the end of the decade, okay. That's the range. And it takes that long only because our developed markets business is also growing, okay. So that's how we think it will evolve. The good news is, in emerging and developing markets, once they get to a certain scale, their margins escalate quite fast. The best example is Sabritas in Mexico. It's a developing market. But if you look at the margins we get in our Sabritas business, it's very attractive. And so because we have scale, we are the largest salty-snack player there. So I think it's a couple of dynamics. One, we'll keep moving the emerging and developing markets up, get it to half-and-half and there should be even more skewed to emerging and developing markets based on the world population. But let's start with 50-50. And then, hopefully, sometime around 2015, the profit acceleration from emerging markets will start picking up even more because the investments to build scale now are returns from the scale investments. So I hope that change will happen.
Indra K. Nooyi: So Eric, the Power of One increment we're talking about in North America, all right, that number was a North American coincidence number increasing about 1%. Believe me, our normal businesses grow. Frito-Lay grows, North American beverage grows. Over and above that, if we can get an additional $120 million sales, 2 or 3 points from that in North America, that's a bonanza. I mean, to get $300 million, $400 million from an over-the-top co-merchandising activity, co-promotion activity is gigantic for an overall food and beverage business market that's not growing as robustly as it used to grow. I have looked at the portfolio differently. I actually -- when putting it together, I looked at it very carefully, the businesses on the lower-left quadrant, okay, some of the emerging market snack businesses, they're only there because we don't have the scale as yet. They're going to use the Beverage business to plus up their scale. They'll quickly move into the top-left quadrant, okay. But we need to make sure that we manage that business to drive the growth, make sure that we leverage the Beverage business to drive the growth, get the right people, and we have to do that. That's why we put it there, honestly. The -- some of the emerging market Beverage business, we've done the Pareto. We have looked at each of these businesses and said, "Do we have an operational line of sight to get to the top quadrant, or do we have to consider structural option that is refranchising into a well-capitalized bottler, who has a reason to refranchised?" And let me speak to that a little bit. In the past, one of the mistakes we made as a company, I'll go back, when we gave Mexico, Russia to PBG, all right, we gave it to them because we felt they needed a growth market. Well one of the big lessons, Eric, was that you give a growth market, which is not the whole market, to a bottler only they have reason to combine with something else they have and get scale. You just don't throw a growth markets to them, okay. And that's why the whole international experiment of PBG wasn't wildly successful. So when we think about refranchising some of these emerging market Beverage businesses, we have to find a bottler who has other businesses so that they can leverage the scale like AmBev in Brazil was a great example. And we have partners like that in Asia-Pacific. I look at our Japanese bottlers who are absolute terrific partners, taking them to other parts of Asia-Pacific. I think there are lots of opportunities there to think about how to move emerging market Beverage businesses to the top box. The biggest elephant there is North American DSD in that bottom box. If commodity inflation wasn't prevalent, we wouldn't have put it in that bottom box because margins for that business normally are in the teens. It shouldn't have been a problem at all. And then we bought the bottlers back, I mean, we were thrilled at the synergies and what we can do. What we need to navigate through now is how do you manage a Beverage business, which is not growing too much, but not a commodity inflation? How do you reset that whole business? And if you can't reset it through a technology breakthrough, through a different way of operating it, through innovation, through brand building, then you have to think about structural options. And that's what we're going through. So what I would suggest is, just focus on the percentage of profitability from North American DSD beverage that belongs in that box. The rest of it will take care of itself because of the growth and the way we are managing it today, okay. Caroline, I think we have to shut it down, but one last question. Go ahead.
Indra K. Nooyi: Thank you, Caroline. So let me just close by saying thank you again to all of you for coming to our meeting this morning, and thank you for your attention over the past couple of hours. We look forward to seeing a lot of you over the next few weeks, and certainly reconnecting with all of you at CAGNY later this month. But as you leave, I just want you to take a picture of PepsiCo back with you. $66 billion of revenue, 16% operating margin, 17% net return on invested capital, 31% return on equity, a prolific cash generator and a company with 22 brands, each one generating over $1 billion in retail sales, and a company with terrific people and great growth prospects. So with that, thank you for your time and hope to reconnect with you soon. Thank you.
Albert P. Carey: Okay. Indra's mentioned already -- spent the money on many brands, not the 5 core brands. So this coming year, you'll see on Pepsi, Mountain Dew, Gatorade, Tropicana and Lipton, substantial increases, not the usual just double-digit increases in these campaigns. And the campaigns are not going to be just increases in media television, also digital is -- shows tremendous promise. I think not just digital but customer digital. Some of our customers are on the leading edge of digital shows some remarkable new ideas that we could probably tie into and drive business much more directly and focused to those consumers. So if we're looking at selling Gatorade to athletes or families that have young athletes, we can get to these consumers much more directly by using, let's say, the Safeway card and the digital approaches that they use. But let me go back on a couple of the key things that we're going to be working on at PepsiCo beverages North America. I don't believe -- my observation is the business is not broken. It needs to be -- I would describe it as a focus on the back to basics, and that means investment -- substantial investments in the top 5 brands. And then the other thing we need to do is significantly improve the innovation that we have going into the marketplace, both on healthy and core. So this year in 2012, you're going to see a substantial improvement in innovation, but the 2013 pipeline is the one that we really expect to see some really big gains. But this year as well, you'll see things like this that I would call not giant innovation, but we've worked with customers on this particular product right here, it's a 24 ounce can of Mountain Dew. Our initial test market, we blew out every can that we made, and it appeals not only to Mountain Dew users, but also to energy drink users. So if they normally pay $2.99 for a can like this, this will be a lot less. Then I'd call it mid-type of innovation like Pepsi NEXT, and Pepsi NEXT will have 60% less calories than a normal Pepsi, and I'd ask you to try some of it on your way out. I think you'll find that it tastes exactly like a regular Pepsi. I'm a regular Pepsi drinker, and it really is the same. We've made a substantial progress on that product. And then big innovation is all-natural sweeteners, big breakthrough in fountain equipment. And those things are towards the end of this year and really into 2013. And we'll have the -- what I would call the proper investments against those brands. One last thing I'd mention, putting a local structure in place that allows us to get the most out of these big national ideas but also to capitalize on these granular opportunities that exist in the marketplace. Today, I believe we call too many of the plays out of the center, meaning in my group. We're going to have a structure that's announced very quickly here, where we'll have general managers in the marketplace. They will have regional resources for marketing, and we'll be able to work with our customers on things that are going on specifically in Los Angeles. I just don't think we're able to make these calls out of the center as good as the people who were down in the marketplace in the Californias, and in Texases and in those kinds of markets.
Albert P. Carey: Yes. Our cold channel business right now for probably the last 12 weeks is very solid, and a good indicator of the brand strength as we put some programs in place on Mountain Dew and Pepsi. But the pricing in the marketplace even on large format is rational right now, which is a good thing for all of us.
Albert P. Carey: Now those are good questions. I -- let me just say, with the layoffs that will occur at Pepsi North America, very few will be at the front line. Most will be focused on middle and above management. So I'm not worried about this feet on the street. But as time goes on, there are a few gaps in service and those are being taken care of, I believe, in customer service just like at the Frito-Lay system. So I feel very good where we are there. On the Hispanic opportunity, I think probably more than 60% of the growth in the category is going to come from the Hispanic consumer, and I have seen some estimates that are quite a bit higher than that. And this whole local campaign that we're putting together in our local region markets, very focused on that as opportunities come up in the Texas, Florida, California market. And actually, that opportunity is becoming bigger in almost every city, not just in those Southwest cities that we typically talk about.
Saad Abdul-Latif: Yes, we're extremely very pleased about the alliance if approved by the Chinese government with Tingyi. The CSD category in China has been growing. And, in fact, in 2011 has grown faster than NCBs. And Tingyi and their portfolio, it doesn't have that. So our alliance with them actually is complementary. It will give us access to wide areas where we don't have production facilities with them. So we have planned our CSD business there. It's an alliance between the #1 ready-to-drink tea, the #1 water, the #1 cola and the #1 flavor. So I think now we've set and transformed, if approved by the Chinese government, this alliance, our Beverage business on trajectory for growth for many, many years to come. How are we going to measure the performance of Tingyi going forward? We have a joint planning with them. We operate as we operate with the franchise there, bottler. Every year, we set up the annual operating plan. We measure it quarterly. We adjust where we need to adjust, and then so forth. Most of our people running our business will be working with Tingyi on this, so there is no change. So we're not like giving our business with these people. Actually, we're moving a lot of our people in operation to Tingyi. The beauty about this alliance is we get access to distribution points, we get access to wide areas where we've never existed before. There was a structural disadvantage on operating plants. We had 22, Coke have 34. With this now, probably we will be set for good, for sustainable growth. And once approved, we will be the #1, actually, beverage company with Tingyi overnight.
Saad Abdul-Latif: Yes. Well, EMEA is a vast territory, as you know, and I have three-quarters of the world's population, and...
Saad Abdul-Latif: We're working towards that. I'll tell you, we called engine for growth for PepsiCo for a reason. First of all, the economies are growing, where China and India they're growing at high single-digits GDP. The population is young, and the per capita consumption of both snacks and beverages is a fraction of the developed world. So we have a huge runway to grow in both businesses, and we are poised to capture that growth. We have outstanding businesses in beverages and in snacks, and I'll just tour around the area with you area by area. So if we take the Middle East, we are the overwhelming choice of consumers there in beverages and in snacks. But that's been happening lately in the Middle East while it would set us back a little bit for a year or 2. However, for the long term, it's great because it will bring a lot of transparency and governance and it will bring a lot of employment at greater stage to our businesses. And we are very well positioned to capture that growth. India has been great. We have fantastic businesses in beverages and in snacks. In fact, in 2011, we out grew our competitor by 6, 7 factor points in LRB. Our snacks business is -- close to 100,000 tons [ph] and then doing great. And we're capturing all the growth of the GDP. It slowed a little bit down, but not at the level that really worried us. There is a lot of consumers coming in with purchasing power into that as in China. In China, our snacks business is doing great. We are growing in high, high teens. And in the beverages, when the government approves the alliance with Tingyi, we have really set our beverage business on sustainable growth path. As I said earlier, we’re aligned with the #1 tea and the #1 water. We're the #1 cola and #1 flavor. So coming together, we put that business on a trajectory to growth. And with snacks, it's a very fragmented market. And we are very well poised with the capability of people that we have there to grow. Asia-Pacific is the mixture of countries there we have developed such as Australia. Like the other developed world, there have seen some challenges there, but we are managing these challenges and actually, we are growing on the snacks business. And we have a lot of emerging markets that we are doing extremely well, such as Vietnam where, actually, we are the choice of consumer there for both snacks and beverages. Pakistan, which is part of the Asia-Pacific there, is also growing. So overall, we have the great businesses in foods and beverages. The economies are growing. The population is young, and we are very well poised to capture that growth for the future.
Hugh F. Johnston: Sure. So in terms of the key commodities, obviously, we tend not to talk about specific commodity pricing for obvious reasons. That's information we'd rather not share with competitors. What I would say to though, Judy, is it is very much driven by the lagging effect of the timing of purchases. We do think based on the pricing that we have, and we obviously have knowledge of what the marketplace prices are with 1 or 2 notable exceptions, the pricing that we're paying is better than what's in the market or equal to what's in the market right now. Relative to competition hedging strategies, that's hard for me to speculate on. Obviously, it's just difficult to say what competition is doing. We've seen, obviously, a number of CPGs come out and start to share guidance. And I think we've seen people talk about anything from low- to mid-single digits. Obviously, the number that we shared is a notch above that. I guess generally speaking, the more you're exposed to agro, you probably have a bit more commodity inflation as opposed to being exposed more to energy. So the food and beverage company is probably a little bit higher than the HPCs. And the longer you tend to hedge, and we've been pretty open about the fact that we tend to work about 9 months out, the more the effect will hit in 2012.
Hugh F. Johnston: Sure. Well, as we laid out in the scorecard, I think we're open about how we are going to look at the business. Regarding alternatives to increased returns, first of all, from an operating perspective, we're obviously going to be looking at capital investments with extreme scrutiny when the business is challenged from a growth perspective. Working capital, the same. We do think that there are lots of opportunities to manage inventory more tightly, and as Indra said, to reduce days both on the payables and -- or on the receivable side and increase on the payable side. From a structural alternative perspective, I think it's fair to say that there's a variety of items on the table. And we're going to look at each of the options and determine what makes sense if we don't see internal operating performance of the business and the returns of the business improve over time. That can be anything from collaborations right through to all variety of other options as well.
Hugh F. Johnston: To be perfectly candid, a little tough to say given commodities have been so volatile. We will clearly see margins below the line improve where the impact of lower cost below the line. NVA, which is the non-commodity portion of cost of goods sold, we clearly expect to see productivity there. How commodities shakeout and how that balances out to me is very much an open question. Under normal circumstances, yes, I would expect to see gross margin improvement as well, but...
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes. The way I think about it is, when I think about commodities, I tend to think about them longer term growing roughly in line with global GDP, and so somewhere in 3%, 3.5% range. At that level, certainly, we would expect to be able to price the cover. What happens in any individual year, tough to ascertain further out than a few months before the year begins.
Hugh F. Johnston: It's a good question. At this point, in terms of commenting on specific ratings, it would probably be inappropriate for me to do that right now. I've -- we've shared with you what our plans are and what our leverage roughly looks like. Beyond that, I probably rather not get into it. I wouldn't necessarily take anything off the table.
Hugh F. Johnston: And I would not say, we're not in the Olympics, but we have 3 substantial campaigns this summer. One on Gatorade, one on Pepsi and Mountain Dew.
Hugh F. Johnston: John, from that standpoint, we -- and let me focus more on North America because that's sort of the more logical area of emphasis. We really did get our pricing in place in the fourth quarter, particularly in the Beverage business. And we were comfortable with where we are right now, and I think we’d expect to see that stay roughly where it is right now.
Unknown Analyst: Indra, could you talk about why you have a line of sight now and it's the right time to reset? So why do you have it now? Why didn't you have it 3 years ago? Is it due to the macro, or can you just explain that a little further? I have a follow up.
Unknown Analyst: Got you. And then Hugh can you just talk about volume was a little tight into this year and maybe the long term because I don't think it was mentioned in any of the slides.
Unknown Analyst: So you'd expect to be able to start to -- or be able over time to cover some level of commodity inflation with pricing, I guess, is my -- did the company loss pricing power, is what I'm asking.
