Hugh Johnston: Great, thank you, Indra and good morning everyone. Turning directly to guidance; as Indra mentioned, based on the strength of our first half results and our outlook for the remainder of the year, we have increased our full year core constant currency EPS growth target to 8% from 7% previously. Our other targets remain unchanged. For the full year 2015, we continue to expect mid-single digit organic revenue growth, core operating margin expansion as organic top line growth, and productivity, should offset negative geographic mix and commodity inflation, which incorporates the impact of transaction related foreign exchange headwinds, and approximately $1 billion of productivity settings. Below the division operating line, we continue to expect corporate costs to be lower, a core tax rate of approximately 25%, and a reduced share count. We expect foreign exchange translation to negatively impact net revenue and core earnings per share growth by approximately nine and 11 percentage points respectively, based on current market consensus rates. Our outlook for the year assumes translation of our VIM [ph] as well the results, at the SICAD rate of 12.8 bolivars per U.S. dollar. Should circumstances dictate use of a higher rate, this would also negatively impact our U.S. dollar results. Taking our 2014 core EPS of $4.63 and applying our guidance in current market consensus of foreign exchange impact, implies 2015 core EPS of approximately $4.49.  As you model up the third quarter, I'd ask you to consider the following; foreign exchange translation should have an approximate 11 point unfavorable impact on the third quarter net revenue growth and approximately 12 point unfavorable impact on third quarter core EPS growth, based on current market consensus rates. And we expect the profit decline in QFNA, as we left last year's gain on the sale of the cereal business. Below the division Operating Profit line, net interest expense is expected to continue to increase in the third quarter versus last year, driven by higher interest rates and net debt balances, and our tax rate in the third quarter is expected to be higher than the third quarter of 2014. From a cash flow perspective, we continue to expect full year free cash flow of more than $7 billion. We expect our capital allocation discipline to continue to drive core ROIC improvement. This is building on the steady progress we have made in ROIC, with core net ROIC up 310 basis points from 2012 to 18.4% through the second quarter of 2015 on a rolling four quarter basis. And consistent with prior outlook, we expect to return between approximately $8.5 billion and $9 billion to shareholders in 2015, through both dividends and share repurchases. As a reminder, our previously announced 7% dividend per share increase, commenced with the June payment. Our annualized dividend is now $2.81, an approximate 60% payout ratio based on 2014 core EPS. This represents the 43rd consecutive year of annual dividend increases and our annualized dividends per share have grown at 10% compound annual rate over the past 10 years. So to summarize; our core constant currency earnings per share outlook for 2015 has improved from our last call, and free cash flow, disciplined capital allocation and returning cash to our shareholders remain top priorities for the company. With that operator, we will take the first question.
Hugh Johnston: Yeah. Happy to do that, Bryan. As you all know, we have provided pretty extensive disclosures in our 10-Qs and 10-K on the question. In the Q that we intend to file after today's market close and consistent with past Qs, you will see that Venezuela represents approximately 2% of our revenue and operating profit. We also have net monetary assets of approximately $335 million, and non-monetary assets of approximately $725 million. Now, if we were to take all of that and go to SIMADI, Venezuela would then represent 0% or very slightly above 0% of our revenue and operating profits. So it's roughly a 2% hit on both revenue and operating profit. We have a charge of approximately $325 million related to the net monetary assets. It will also likely lead to an impairment of our non-monetary assets. Now the one thing for investors to consider on this is, from an economic standpoint, this really would not represent a big impact on PepsiCo, given that Venezuela is largely a self-sufficient, self-funding operation. We are not putting any capital to speak of in the country, and we have not been able to redeploy any of our Venezuela cash outside of Venezuela. So from the perspective of cash flow and cash management, it would not have a meaningful impact on cash returns.
Hugh Johnston: That's correct. Right now, what we are assuming for the balance of year on Venezuela is 12.8, because that was the recent SICAD option, which was a pretty robust option. But if we did make the move to SIMADI, the impact would be that much more significant.
Hugh Johnston: I think there is three things I'd remind you of in that regard, Bryan. Number one, the back half lapse, particularly Q4 -- both Q3 and Q4 are more challenging than the first half overlap. So we are certainly facing more of an uphill for growth in the back half of the growth. Number two, you are correct, commodities are more of a headwind in the back half of the year than they were in the first half of the year. And number three, again recall, certainly based on what we are seeing in the news these days, the world remains a very volatile place. We have big businesses in the Middle East; we have big businesses in Russia. And as we model things out, we obviously try to ensure that we give investors appropriate guidance, at least incorporating some of that volatility. So we are not assuming the perfect sunny day going forward as well. So that's what goes into our thinking, as you look at the so-called squeeze chart between the first half and the second half of the year.
Hugh Johnston: Absolutely Bill. To some degree, I think there is some bifurcation between what's happening in the center of the store, and what's happening on the perimeter. But from the perspective of the categories we participate in, with the exception of center of the store, where we saw Quaker category slow down a little bit; most of our categories are robust and saw pretty good growth across the quarter.
Hugh Johnston: Yeah, I am happy to take that one Mark. The entity question is actually quite straightforward. We don't include procurement savings as a part of productivity. Productivity is focused on the operating cost structure, not on the commodity and procurement cost structure. The way we report procurement savings is, we share with you all a net commodity inflation number, so that includes gross commodity inflation, less whatever we can do in terms of managing, what we call value engineering, so managing our commodities to a lower cost through more efficient packaging, trading different types of juices, and things like that. So the $5 billion number does not include any savings from procurement at all. That's all captured in net commodity inflation.
Hugh Johnston: Okay. Thank you, Indra. I mean, global e-commerce to talk about in two minutes, is a bit of a challenge to say the least. I guess, I'd make just a couple of quick comments to start the dialog on that. Number one, global e-commerce can mean so many things, anywhere from just changing the way the product is ordered and picked, the so-called click-and-collect model, where people order online and then go pick up products at their local retail outlet, all the way through to in China, where the product is delivered significantly to door and in more and more proportions of the overall spend. Clearly, one of the leading areas, to the U.K., where you see retailers also doing a lot more delivery to the store, all the way through to new emerging players like the Blue Aprons of the world, who are actually sort of designing meal solutions, in effect filling demand moments for consumers by giving them an entire pre-packaged meal, which you see in some urban markets in the U.S. and starting to expand outside the U.S. as well. From the perspective of PepsiCo, we are looking at it two ways. Number one is, the existing products going through the existing channels, either current retailers or the traditional online retailers. And then second really, looking hard at demand moments and designing products that fit the e-commerce types of distribution channels and e-commerce types of consumers in a more tailored way. So that's sort of a very brief view towards what's happening in the e-commerce world. The biggest opportunity obviously is to be able to have more of a one-on-one relationship with those consumers than we have ever had in the past, through traditional linear TV advertising. I expect you will see a lot more from us in this regard, but that's probably the best two minutes that I can give in terms of what it is that we are doing right now.
Hugh Johnston: No. I think you captured it well. The areas for cost cutting I think remain inside the manufacturing facilities, we are using automation where it makes more sense. Inside of the selling system, we are using technology to make our [indiscernible] system more productive, and inside of the G&A buckets, we are doing more combinations of shared services to create more efficiency in the way we delivered shared services to the organization. And Indra, to reiterate what you said, which is finding the right balance of driving productivity, reinvesting some in growth, and delivering some to the bottom line, is yielding results at brand building and innovation and taking some of that growth. Investing it back and driving more productivity and delivering some of that to the bottom line, is working well. I think we are in the sweet spot right now in terms of being able to deliver performance and it is a careful balance to manage.
Indra Nooyi: Let me talk a bit about the Latin American merger. We have seen success in Europe and AMEA with all of the power of one management of those regions. We are able to get more productivity takeout costs, and especially with volatile economies, we have to get more and more agile and more creative about how to take out costs. And its not just costs within our system, John; I think even with our bottling partners, there is an opportunity to cooperate and figure out how not to duplicate efforts between the two companies. And we are seeing those initiatives pay off in AMEA and Europe, and we decided now is the time to do it in Latin America. We are in the middle of a major productivity program in Latin American Foods, and integrating Latin American beverages with foods, gives us that much more of a cost base to work with. Lastly, given the volatility of those economies there, I think it's very important to really become a lean mean machine there, in order to take the sales and reinvest it to grow the top line. So that's Latin America. Second is on the Frito volume. Again, we watched the Frito performance very carefully as does Tom Greco and the Frito team. In our potato chip business, we were going through a revenue management program, and that revenue management program is actually yielding good revenue growth, and improving topline growth and profitability for our retailers. And one of the results of the revenue management program is that, it is going to impact volume, because the price-backed [ph] architecture shifts some of the volume to certain bag sizes, which impacts volume in the short term. But over the long term, it’s the right thing for the business. So I'd let it play out through the balance of the year, then look at our results in 2016.
Indra Nooyi: I wouldn't call it a price war. I just think that the retail environment in the U.K. remains interesting. There is -- the high street retailers are going through their own set of challenges. You have got the entry of the discounters. All of that is closing. The entire competitive situation in the U.K. to be reset. And being one of the major food and beverage companies in the U.K. and the largest salty snack company in the U.K., I think we have to be careful how we make our transition with the high street retailers and the discounters. And so in the short term, we did lose some share. But we have plans in place to recover that share and somehow navigate through these retail environment changes. Again Bill, I tell you, around the world, as we see major changes in the retail environment, always in the short term, there will be some dislocation, because we have to make changes in the business model very-very carefully.
Indra Nooyi: I think from our perspective, our numbers look fine. I mean, we have got good price utilization. There were some weather related issues in some parts of the country. But I think overall, we are feeling pretty good about our results.
Indra Nooyi: In terms of the North American CSD pricing -- look, we have been talking about disciplined pricing for a long time; I'd say couple of years. I am glad that there is disciplined pricing in the marketplace right now. And there is lot more innovations in the market basically from our end. And look, we are going to keep playing our game; we are going to focus on disciplined pricing, good revenue management, put CSD innovation out in the marketplace. And ultimately, it depends on the competitive situation, what the profit pool is in this whole CSD business, or the North American beverage business in totality. But we believe this is the right way to participate and play in this very-very important and large segment. In terms of Diet Pepsi; big business. And I think for some reason which we cannot really explain, as with the Enchilada [ph] flavor with some consumers. And from our perspective, we just want to make sure we have an offering for all of the consumers who want to switch out of aspartame. And we have formulated a very-very good product, which is aspartame free, and will be available in the market starting in late August. So for all of those consumers who are looking for an alternative, to an aspartame sweetened diet product, we will have a product. And for those consumers, who still love Diet Pepsi with aspartame, we will figure out how to make it available online. So I think, this is a consumer driven strategy to offer all of the Diet lovers, a diet cola that's aspartame free.
Indra Nooyi: I'd say that, innovation has allowed us to get lot more price mix -- pricing realization in particular. Something that's very-very important in today's environment. And its -- product packaging process innovation, but we are also spending a lot of time on revenue management. I mean, really thinking through portion sizes, pack sizes, and I think this combination of interesting products coming to the marketplace and interesting packages in interesting combinations of packages, it's what's resulting in incrementality on the revenue side and actually resulting in higher profit flowthrough. And we are seeing it across carbonated soft drinks, I mean, whether its DEWshine or Baja Blast or any of those products, and we are seeing it even in Europe and Russia and Latin America and AMEA, where I'd say, creative revenue management tactics, coupled with innovation that cuts through the clutter is resulting in flow-through to the bottom line. Again, I think in these environments, the focus should be on revenue and profit, not necessarily on volume growth. We focus more on unit growth, revenue and profit in these environments, because a change for volume, results in the whole business hurting. So I think the revenue management unit growth, value growth, and profit is what we focus on, and that's what our innovation efforts are yielding today, the almost 10%, I think the high 9s are innovation performances. Something that is a significant step-up, and we keep watching that metric very-very carefully.
Indra Nooyi: Caroline, we were among the first people to recognize this risk, and we have been retooling our portfolio, to make sure that, first of all we have a diverse portfolio that can weather any sort of action on any part of our portfolio. But we are also in constructive conversations with governments, to make sure there aren't any discriminatory taxes or discriminatory action on any of our categories. Having said that, on Russia in particular, it is perhaps the most diverse portfolio of any part of our company between berry and juices and ranks ranging from fun-for-you to good-for-you, and beverages. This is actually a small portion of our business in Russia. And so if you want to use an example of the most diverse portfolio of doing fun-for-you, better-for-you and good-for-you is skewing towards good-for-you, I think it's our Russia portfolio. So we feel good about Russia so far, and we all wish there weren't any geopolitical issues to deal with from a Russian perspective, but our business is doing well, and the economy has been good to us, and the Russian business environment has been good for us. So we like it.
Indra Nooyi: Steve, I will tell you, one of the things we did some time ago, is really sit back from the world and say, how should we think about groups of countries and clusters of operations that make sense? And based on all the work we did, basically the world broke out into eight clusters\; North America is cluster one, Western Europe is the next developed market with cluster two; three was Latin America; four was Russia and East Europe; five is Middle East and North Africa; cluster six was the Indian subcontinent; seven was China and the whole Pacific Rim; and cluster 8 was Sub-Sahara Africa. So those were the eight clusters. And North America is so big, that grouping it together and not providing visibility into the pieces didn't make sense. So we have kept North America separate in terms of North American beverages and Frito-Lay and Quaker being so different. But all other clusters, we just cleaned it up. Cluster three is Latin America, we put it together, and Sub-Sahara Africa, we had the snacks business of South Africa and Simba reporting into Europe, and beverages reporting to our Asia and Middle East sector, we just cleaned it up. So the segment changes that we reported, were a clean-up of these clusters, so that we can think of cluster strategies. So that's the first one, and more and more strategic thinking and designs of the future are based on how do we establish and grow our positions in each of these clusters. And more importantly, how do we get more productive working across our partners within each of the clusters. That's what we have been focused on. So the last two got cleaned up. In terms of personnel changes, as I talked to you earlier in my strips, talent management is something that the board and I are focused on a lot. I mean, our phenomenal board, spends a lot of time thinking through succession for the top couple of hundred jobs. And one of the things we always looked at is, where is that bright talent across the company that should be lifted up, so that they can be part of a succession process in the company. And every time we get an opportunity, we figure out ways to lift them up, in order to stretch people, in order to really build exciting talent for the future, and that's what the most recent changes enabled us to do. And just to give you an idea, let me start with Brian Newman, and I have worked with Brian now for 20 years, off and on. Brian started in corporate strategy, but then went to China, he went to Russia, he went to Spain, worked in European headquarters. Went to Canada, was the Treasurer of the Pepsi Bottling Group, and both Hugh and I have been mentoring him now for 20 years, Hugh? And now giving him this job with operations coupled with corporate strategy, allows him to get a whole perspective of the company across snacks and beverages, even though he has worked in it for a while. And here is a person that speaks Mandarin Chinese, speaks multiple other languages, and just a very great executive to lift up. And we are looking for opportunities to do that, and with the departure of Anderson, gave us that opportunity. And Eugene likewise, he has been running the key partnership, but again a Dutch national who has worked in multiple countries, and truly global executive. Travels, 60%, 70% of his time in every part of the world. I remember, when he was running Turkey, he started to learn Turkish. Everywhere he goes, he becomes a national. And again a very exciting executive; and you will all get a chance to see these people in action, as we move along. And all of the people we are elevating, whether it's Laxman who is now going to be running Latin America. Ramon has got additional responsibilities in Europe. Sanjeev was running a gigantic geography. You will see all of them over the next few quarters. And of course you all know Al Carey and Tom Greco and Hugh very-very well. So I think that you will find that, what PepsiCo is doing is, just reinforcing the fact that they are a talent academy. And any company that's looking for talent always relates PepsiCo. So we have to constantly make sure that our best and brightest move up, and we keep them engaged and excited about the company. And that's my job, and the job of the board, and that's what we are doing.
Indra Nooyi: We look at every opportunity to tighten our belts and become more efficient. As I said earlier, and as Hugh reiterated Nick, we are balancing top line and bottom line growth very-very judiciously. When you embark on a zero base budgeting program that costs to the bone, and jeopardizes your ability to grow the top line. I think that's a formula for disaster. We believe into the smart spending initiatives where we look across all of our cost structure, and see where we can selectively reduce costs, intelligently, not for the short term, but find a way to make sure it does not affect top line growth initiatives. So rest assured, that we look at every possible way to make our company more efficient, and I think we are -- as Hugh said, in the sweet spot of balancing investments against top line growth, and figuring out ways through automation, shared services, taking out work that's not needed, simplifying our processes, coordinating across the company, reducing our cost. And that's what we are focused on. And with that, let me reiterate that we are pleased with our results for the first half. We are confident that our plans are working and believe we are on the track to deliver our financial targets for 2015. I want to thank you all for your time and questions this morning, and more importantly for the confidence you have placed in us. Have a wonderful day.
