John Compton: Bill, it’s John. We had, as you know, sequential improvement in the fourth quarter from the second and third quarter where our volume had been down 2% to 3%. As Hugh said, as we entered the fourth quarter we had four to five to six weeks of negative lapping still on the impact of the bonus bags. That finally got put behind us. We do, like every other CPG company, there was a channel where we had been impacted due to assortment, pricing and merchandising, and I'm pleased to say today that we have resolved that, and we're moving forward in a positive direction in that specific channel. We had an issue, as you know too, with SunChips. SunChips had been a fast-growing brand. We converted that business to the compostable package. That package had an issue in the marketplace in terms of the noise, and we have phased that package out, but we remain committed to having environmentally friendly package in the marketplace and we hope to in the back half of this year to do that. And third, we had some impact from "value competitors" who benefited from deflation and chose to take pricing down. We chose not to follow them down. They are now inflationary and they are starting to take prices back up. In the quarter, as Hugh said, we also invested behind this launch to get ready for the all natural conversion, and we spent behind that, and that is now rolling into the marketplace, where half of our portfolio now will be all natural, the largest gluten-free portfolio in North America, and we reduced sodium levels by 25% on some of our key products. Having said all that, to get to your question, our anticipation is that Frito-Lay can return back to sort of the low-single digit volume growth, and so far in the first part of this quarter we're pleased to start to see that.
John Compton: Bill, as you've seen in the IRI data, there are -- back to the value competitor message that I gave you, there are some very low-price value unflavored tortilla chip competitors out there. On the flavored tortilla chips side, Doritos, as you know is 95% share of the marketplace and continues to grow. So on tortillas, we're hopeful that this launch into all natural is a way to differentiate that brand even further. We had a big launch behind the Fiesta Bowl to sort of kick that off, and so we're just now starting to activate the marketing from that. We also have a value brand, our own called Santitas, that we are judiciously using more aggressively, notably in the West Coast markets to compete against these low-priced competition.
John Compton: Judy, this is John. Let me come back to the first part of your question around volume growth, unit growth, et cetera. As we’ve said, we had sort of low-single digit unit growth, so that implies that there still is the ability for Frito-Lay in the category to continue to grow. Obviously the volume was offset by the impact of the bonus bags. We were also in a deflationary environment, so no, we and others didn't price during that time frame. And to your point about confectionary, if I look at sort of who were the fastest-growing consumer packaged goods companies in North America, Frito-Lay once again was at the top tier of that. The only companies that grew faster than us were to your point confectionary, but confectionary did have inflation and there was pricing notably in the chocolate market. So there is nothing that we see. The category can at a minimum still grow with population growth, 1%, 1½%. People are continuing to use mini meals throughout the day, i.e. snacking, so we still have the ability to grow occasions in our business. And as long as we remain relevant to consumer trends, be it health and wellness on the one hand, or the changing demographics on the other, or the aging of the population on the third, then we ought to continue to be able to grow the business like we have in the past. So we're optimistic as we look forward about Frito-Lay in our Snacking business overall. There are puts and takes in any given point in time. Was 2010 our best year in terms of volume? No, and we've made some changes to correct that going forward.
John Compton: Yes, sorry, I forgot that point. On the pricing side, I think I've said this on the last call, we sort of see the first six, seven months of this year, as our prices that we have in the market today we're pleased with, and there isn't a lot of price mix in Frito-Lay right now. In the back half of the year, sort of August going forward, we'll adjust as we close out our fourth quarter positions, and it's absolutely going to be inflationary. To what degree yet, we haven't finalized.
Hugh Johnston: I think you really have to kind of consider the big factor that's out there that we're working our way through, which is what I consider to be a very high rate of inflation. When you're talking about $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion of inflation, you're really in the 8% to 9½% growth of commodity costs. So obviously, in a business that has something of an exposure to agricultural, as well as energy, that type of inflation has a pretty profound impact, and we're obviously addressing that. Now are our brands strong enough that we could price to completely cover it? Sure. But we actually don't think that's wise for our categories, we don't think that's wise for customers and consumers and for the long term. So as we add up the entirety of the portfolio and we look at the benefits that you point out and we also look at the challenges that we see both in developed market economies, as well as the high rate of inflation, we look at it and say 7% to 8% profit growth in this environment, we do expect it to be top tier. Have we invested capital in really getting into some new growth platforms? You bet. But at the same time, we're continuing to deliver strong cash flow return to shareholders. So as we really balance out our equation, there are some tough macros we're facing, but the portfolio is continuing to perform and we're continuing to compete successfully and invest behind the right things to build the durability of PepsiCo. And I think that's why we feel good about where we are and why we feel the long term. We're a terrific investment relative to what else is out there.
Hugh Johnston: Ali, we look at a variety of scenarios rather than model a point estimate specifically, because if one thing has been proven over the last couple of years is, with volatile economics in developed markets and a specially volatile commodity environment, for anyone to go out and try to model a point estimate and say, that's going to be my number is, frankly, either incredibly prescient or not very insightful at all. So the way we approach it actually isn't to say, here is the scenario that we're counting on. What we say is, based on this reasonable range of scenarios, some of which have unemployment a little higher, some of a little bit lower. Some of which have consumer confidence a little higher, a little lower. Some of which have inflation higher and lower. We triangulate and say, what do we think that the portfolio can do under this various set of scenarios? And based on that, what comes out of it is, we think in order to continue to invest in the business, in order to get to the new growth platforms while continuing to grow our core business, we think high-single digits is the most prudent long-term guidance. Now might that change, depending on what the economic scenarios actually evolve to, you bet. But we think right now, rather than tell you, you know what, the markets are so volatile we don't know where it's going. What we do is, we try to model a variety of them and we say, you know what, we think under almost all the scenarios we can get to high-single digits and still do the right things for the long term of the business and the long term of the equity. So that's how we get to that number.
Hugh Johnston: No, it's part of the regular productivity that we get. We've obviously worked hard to get productivity in the algorithm this year, but it's part of our regular productivity.
Hugh Johnston: Mark, this is Hugh. When we start getting down into these low levels of details around where spend is happening, candidly, I'm not sure it's really all that productive. I think the key message is that you should walk away with from last year's spend are, number one, we invested money in brand building, particularly in the U.S. and in the North America market. And number two, we invested pretty significantly in China, and we shared both of that with you at the higher level. What was the outcome last year? Well, as we mentioned, versus our primary competitor, we gained LRB share in the U.S. in measured channels, and that was just the one place where we know there's data. And then in the other, in China, we gained CSD share versus our primary competitor. So with that level, I think we can point to it, and say, as we make these investments, the investments are working. To try to disaggregate all of the pieces of the investments, I think, is largely unproductive, and I think what we'd really leave you with is, we said last year 11% to 13% EPS growth. We delivered 12%. We're telling you this year, we're going to deliver 7% to 8% EPS growth, and we've given you some cash numbers as well. And I think at that level I think it's the appropriate conversation for us to have. So I know there's always a strong desire to get into more of the details, but frankly I think the conversations often get relatively unproductive, and the amounts of money that we're talking about in the context of a $60 billion PepsiCo, I think, that really is best left to management to manage.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, so Judy, again, what we're really trying to do is get everyone zeroed in on the EPS rather than get into all the individual elements of what's going on inside of the P&L. As I mentioned, if anything we'd expect to see from operating profit down to EPS flat to negative leverage. So I think from that you should have enough information to basically model what they'd look like in total.
Indra Nooyi: John, if I can just add to this. PepsiCo today with the Wimm-Bill-Dann acquisition becomes a $63 billion company. For a $63 billion company to continue to grow EPS 7% to 8% with huge commodity headwinds and a macroeconomic situation that’s iffy, deliver terrific cash flow and an ROIC that is significantly higher than cost of capital, continue its march to geographically expand the portfolio and go in to the right categories where the consumers are going in the future, which is the nutrition category, I think is an absolutely terrific performance scorecard for our company. So we feel great about it. Had we not had the continued macroeconomic sluggishness and this extraordinary commodity inflation, we are a solid double-digit player. So you've got to take all of this into consideration and understand where we're coming from, and on balance, we look at our company and say, boy, if you could find other companies like ours, you should go ahead and invest in them.
Indra Nooyi: Ali, first thing. It's right up in the headlines of our earnings release, okay? So it took almost two seconds before you got to that in the earnings release. In the script, we have to tell the whole story because this is a Q4 call, if you recall, so we have to tell you what we did in Q4. We have to walk you through the businesses for a very, very large $60 billion company until we get to what to expect in 2011 and 2012 because the long-term guidance is really about 2012. Let me be crystal clear on something, if you can tell me exactly where we're going on the global macroeconomics, especially in the developed markets, if you can tell me exactly where we're going on commodity inflation, we can tell you exactly what the performance is going to be. At this point, there's considerable uncertainty, we have no idea what the commodity markets are going to look like in 2012 and beyond. We have no idea what the developed market economic situation is going to be, whether it's going to improve robustly or whether the sluggishness is going to continue. On balance, considering all these factors, we believe it's prudent to guide to a high-single digit growth. Let me be crystal clear. For a $63 billion company, which is growing top line 5%, 6%, 7% to generate high-single digit EPS growth is simply fantastic. In the CPG space, it is top-tier growth. So we have to make sure we take into account all of these factors when we give you guidance.
Indra Nooyi: Why don’t we talk about that when we get to that point, Kaumil. At this point, as Hugh said, we've looked at a range of scenarios and we've modeled our guidance based on that. If economies do much better than our range of scenarios, we'll come back and talk about it then.
Indra Nooyi: Mark, I'm just going to give you some headlines and then toss it to Eric. Let me start by saying, we focus on measured channels because our FoodService business is much smaller. In measured channels, which is the freedom of choice channels, we gained volume share versus our principal competitor in 2010. I want to underline that. We gained volume share and we extended our lead versus our principal competitor in measured channels. I want to underline that. That's in the IRI data, you can look at it.
Indra Nooyi: It's an LRB comment. Look the marketplace is now LRB, you can talk about segment selectively when you want to, but the LRB market, we remain the leader and we've widened our lead over our principal competitor. Look, the Foodservice business has always been a different issue for us because we were not a big player in that business. Now with the acquisition of the anchor bottlers, in 2011 and going forward, as we've told you at our Investor Meeting, we're going to focus back on the Foodservice business, but excluding Foodservice we outperformed our principal competitor on volume and gained volume share in 2010. We feel very, very good about that. Let me turn to Eric to give you more of a state of the union report card. Go ahead, Eric.
Indra Nooyi: Carlos, investments in emerging markets continue. I mean, those markets are growing significantly top line, economies are growing. We continue to invest in India, continue to invest in China, Russia, selectively in South America. We are beginning to increase our investments in Africa, but very judiciously, and in some other countries in Southeast Asia, whether it's Indonesia or other countries in the Pacific Rim, we are beginning to look at all of these economies and seeing more opportunities for investment in our core categories. Second, from an M&A perspective, there are many tuck-in acquisition opportunities in snacks, in the Global Nutrition Group, many opportunities are coming up. Now as I mentioned to you last year, we've had more opportunities than ever before being presented to us, but again we are quite diligent in our financial analysis and unless we believe an acquisition can really create value and sort of plus up any platform that we have, we don't really make that acquisition. So we've looked at many, many deals, walked away from many, and only take on those like Wimm-Bill-Dann which give us scale, give us a window into a much larger marketplace and then can meaningfully contribute to accelerating top and bottom line for the region or for the company as a whole. So that's really what we've been focused on. And the good news is, we have a process where we track the results of all of our investments. To give you an example, China, we stepped up our investments in China in 2010, 2009 and 2010, and we're beginning to see significant volume growth because of the marketplace investments we made. So that's how we track investments and the return on the investments.
Indra Nooyi: Thank you. Let me just wrap up. We feel good about the year we just delivered. We feel great about the progress we've made in strengthening our businesses. We feel good about the momentum we have going into 2011, and we feel good about delivering on our targets we've shared with you today. If we can leave you with one single message, we expect to make our portfolio work to deliver top-tier performance in 2011, just as we have in recent years. Thank you for joining us this morning. I look forward to speaking with you again soon and seeing those of you who'll be at CAGNY later this month. Thank you.
