Hugh Johnston: Thank you, Ramon, and good morning, everyone. As Ramon noted earlier, we now expect organic revenue growth to meet or exceed our previous objective of 4% growth for the full-year. We continue to expect our core constant currency earnings per share to decline approximately 1%, as we plan to continue to invest in our business for the long-term. All other guidance measures provided remain unchanged, including a core effective tax rate of approximately 21%, free cash flow of approximately $5 billion and total cash return to shareholders of approximately $8 billion, comprised of dividends of approximately $5 billion and share repurchases of approximately $3 billion. With respect to the fourth quarter, please keep the following in mind as you build out your models. First, our asset division will be lapping gains from a refranchising and a strategic asset sale; and second, the higher investments in the business will continue, and you will see this again reflected in both our operating margin performance and core EPS. Now, we’ll open it up to questions. Operator, we’ll take the first question.
Hugh Johnston: Good morning, Bonnie. It’s Hugh. Yes, a couple comments on on margin. Number one, obviously, we’ve gotten very good price realization across the company this year. As we get into Q4, we will start to lap some of the pricing that we took in Q4 of last year. So we’ll get less of a pricing benefit to gross margins. Regarding commodities, nothing notable there. As you know, we have our four buying program on commodity. So we have good line of sight into what we will see there and no notable change versus year-to-date. And then last, obviously, our productivity has been quite strong this year. We’ll continue to see that in Q4. So gross margins will certainly continue to be positive as we move forward. But do note that the pricing benefit toward gross margins will be less as we enter the quarter. Regarding 2020 and forward, I think it’s best if we talk about that holistically as a part of our 2020 guidance, which we’ll get to in February.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, regarding Frito-Lay. I’m at a couple of things to keep in mind. Number one, the Sabra business. We include Sabra in our volume, but not in our revenue. It’s not a consolidated venture. So we do capture volume, but not revenue. Sabra is growing below the Frito-Lay average and the product is quite heavy. If you back out Sabra, that’s worth 0.5 a point. So the 1.5 volume is actually two points of volume if you back out Sabra. That relates more directly to the 5.5 Frito-Lay revenue. So that leaves you about 3.5 points of price mix. Obviously, pricing was a bit higher this year than what we’ve seen on average over the last couple of years, but not dramatically. So and mix is clearly a tailwind as well as we move more of the portfolio into premium products. So I think you’ll see numbers that are pretty consistent with that relationship. Once you back out Sabra maybe a little bit less, but not dramatically so in the Frito-Lay business.
Ramon Laguarta: Thank you, Dara. This is a long question, good question. The performance of Frito is, I think, is very holistic, right, what’s driving the performance and it’s, I guess, a combination of increased A&M, increased capacity, we put more routes. And we made some choices around what are the priority brands and non-priority brands and that’s driving the overall business performance. We’re gaining share and the category is also very healthy. Of course, we’re a big part of the category. So we’re driving the attractiveness on the category as well with our increased advertising, very good innovation across the big brands and the small brand. So I think it’s a good performance, both in terms of maintaining the attractiveness of the category and making sure our customers continue to see growth, even by adding this category, which is critical for our customers. And then we’re gaining share, because we have, I guess, a very broad portfolio that plays across all the different consumer segment. And the team is doing a fantastic job in terms of building the brand and developing the innovation. So, a holistic set of reasons why this business is continuing to perform at a very high level compared to other consumer packaged goods in the United States.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Good morning, Bryan. The success of our beverage business is in continuing to drive the – the whole portfolio, the non-carbonated portfolio. So we need to continue to do a great job in our teas, our waters, our teas, our sports drinks and then obviously improve the performance in CSDs. We’re seeing progress across all of those multiple objectives, which is quite complex to manage, right. So we’re seeing as continue to gain share in what are the critical strategic categories for ads and doing very well with some of our critical brands like Pepsi. As we discussed last quarter, we still have a pending matter in Mountain Dew. The Mountain Dew is improving, but it’s not to the levels that we would like to see. So that’s the focus of the team for the next few quarters to make sure that we get you back to a what we think is a more sustainable performance. But we’re happy with the growth we’re having in all the other categories. We’re happy with the way Pepsi’ is performing. And as I said on my remarks, we’re very happy with Gatorade. And with the performance of Gatorade in the sports drinks category, this quarter reflects both the additional investment we’ve made on core Gatorade, the great innovation behind Zero, which is really a very well received incremental innovation to the category, and now we’re starting to make some additional investments in that category with Bolt24. We’re testing and learning and there will be a bigger roll out of that brand next year. So, overall, we feel good. Again, Mountain Dew continues to be the pending matter, But we feel good about the ideas we have, the resources we have allocated to this brand and how the teams are thinking about Mountain Dew for the future.
Ramon Laguarta: Let’s start with Latin America. I already said, Jamie is going to Frito-Lay North America, Latin America as a separate division, but regardless. The Latin America performance continues to be very strong. Mexico is growing double digits. There was a – we had a lap in our Brazil business last year. We had the drivers strike, remember, in Brazil, then we had a very strong June or lapping that June this year. The business in Brazil is back to very good performance in the back of the quarter and into the Q4. So we don’t see any deceleration. The biggest challenge obviously in Latin America is Argentina. You guys read the news every day. It’s a very volatile environment with the currency devaluation and then we’re having to adjust to – in our affordability levels with a consumer. So that – that’s the biggest challenge in Latin America, but it’s not meaningful enough to – for the overall Latin America performance now that’s there. In terms of NAB, as you said, we’re – I think, it is the same answer as with Frito. We’re trying to make investment in a very holistic way, so that we drive performance with no bottleneck. So we’re investing in the brands, both in the large brands, but also in the smaller brands in PBNA. We’re investing in routes. We’re investing in coolers and marketplace, cooling infrastructure, which drives our business and drives our profitability. And yes, we’re seeing the performance. As you see, it’s a – 3% is a very good performance for NAB. We think that – or we still have opportunities to do better than that, and we’ll continue to fight for that for that performance. So again, it’s holistic CapEx investments across all the leavers of grills that will make a successful long-term.
Ramon Laguarta: So I wanted to follow-up please on the commentary that you just offered on NAB and the continued improvement. With the CSD volumes down 3%, I mean, I think, from a fundamental perspective, it is a structurally challenged category. So what do you think is reasonable from a volume perspective? What does success look like on the CSD component of the segment? Thank you.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, great. As we discussed last quarter, I think, there is a – I think a structural change in consumer demand and this category is moving to a smaller format, different formats that drive a different volume, net revenue construction here. So the net revenue of CSD is up. Part of that is pricing, but a lot of that is mix and is mix driven by obviously as becoming, I would say, more insightful in what are the different occasions that consumers are buying our products and offering the best pack for those locations. But also, I think there is a fundamental change in demand or consumers are going for smaller packs. And that’s driving a change in the price per liter of the category and price per unit. So that is the – and to reiterate into that to what Ali asked before, that drives some of the CapEx as well. So we’re investing capacity for those smaller formats and we’re seeing the return in higher pricing.
Ramon Laguarta: Okay, let me start with international. It is a volatile, macroeconomic and political situation and more and more geopolitical and the macroeconomic discipline. And if you go, our larger businesses are performing very well. I mean, like Mexico is growing double-digit, Russia is having a very good year. We see high growth, double-digit in China, very high growth in India. Even Saudi Arabia was a challenge for us, it’s going back to double-digit. So we’re seeing, from the demand point of view, we’re seeing a very, still very strong demand to our, what are our categories. Part of that is, we’re gaining share in many of these markets. Part of that is still the categories are very – not not very developed and consumers continue to come to our categories as we offer more innovative products and more affordable products. So far, we’re not seeing a reduction in demand for our categories on a global level. There are some markets where we’re seeing the consumers acting a little bit differently. For example, the UK is one where we’re seeing the consumers a little bit – a little more defensive, as you know, with all the political uncertainty there. We’re seeing obviously, Argentina, as I said, Venezuela, we’ve been there for many years now. But we don’t see and they have a fundamental change of demand, let’s say, in the last few months versus the beginning of the year or last year. We’re seeing the categories still growing very healthy and the demand come into our categories in good, I would say, good positive levels, right. So that Mountain Dew, I said, the – it is our pending subject. It is a focus of the organization. And we’re, I think, the brand is well-resourced at this point and it’s going to be down to having the right ideas and execute in the right – the ideas with quality. And as we’re becoming a better execution company, I think, that will happen. As we talk – it is a brand that is in the intersection of CSDs and energy. And it’s not as easier problem to solve in terms of maintaining the relevance and the consumer high awareness for this brand compared to some of the other – the new trends that are happening in energy. So that’s work for us to do. But I would say is – the brand is flat at this point. And we’ll continue to invest to make it a positive brand for us in the coming quarters.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. It’s a great question. And it’s – we made a strategic bet, right, when we decided to go by SodaStream. We saw this potential consumer change stores on plastic beverages in part of the world. And also we saw that SodaStream adds the opportunities for consumers to personalize their drinks or add a personal touch to their drink. So the good news is that, SodaStream is driven very well. And it’s doing better than what we had in our business case for M&A. So it continues to be very successful across multiple parts of the world. So, obviously, Western Europe, what is started is very, very strong, Germany, France, Holland, Central, Northern Europe as well. It is strong in Japan. It is very strong in Canada. And there is some opportunities in the U.S., which we’re making some organizational changes or upgrading talent. We’re leveraging obviously the customer relationships that we have with our PepsiCo business to open some new relationships and we are innovating a lot. You will see some, I think, some transformational progress for SodaStream next year in the U.S. that I think – I’m very optimistic about the step change in household penetration that will give us. But overall, this is the huge strategic opportunity for us as a company. We’re realizing, I think, part of that opportunity. We’re adding some of the knowledge from PepsiCo to SodaStream. And that will make that company better in a very, very innovation and design of the machines and some technologies direct-to-consumer. So I think SodaStream will be a better company as part of PepsiCo and PepsiCo will be a better company by having SodaStream and being able to address that potential consumer opportunity. So good news on the financial short-term delivery and I think very good news coming for us in the future with this new business.
Ramon Laguarta: Right, the question – great question, and it’s critical to our strategy, right? So when we talked about our strategy in February, we said we’re going to play against each one of the vectors of demand in our categories and not all the health and wellness, but every vector of demand. So we’re seeing the consumer and he’s not only snacks, but beverages and the two categories. We’re seeing the consumer going after functionality, going after health and wellness, but also going after indulgence and going to many spaces in the convenience, association. So a lot of different vectors that drive consumer preference and choices. And then, obviously, a very important vector, which is price. So premium value and mainstream being a very important segmentation as consumers make choices. So we’re – we – the decision we made is that, we’ve gone to either consumer maximum choice against each one of the vectors and we’re trying to capture demand from all of the different occasions throughout the day. That – that’s the only way we’re going to keep our share, continue to grow and we’re going to be successful in our category. So that’s where we’re seeing. The trend towards small packs is not only in beverages, it is also in snacks. And actually, it has been going on in snacks for several years as well, where our variety packs in Frito-Lay are growing very fast. And then internationally, by far, our smaller packs are the number one packaging of choice for consumers. Then to the point on Gatorade, yes, Zero is great. Zero has been a great addition to the category to the brand. It is capturing consumers that I think were very heavy users of Gatorade and had abandoned the brand because of the calories. So it’s been a great addition. It’s putting the brand back as a relevant brand to many more consumers as they exercise or do other activities. And it’s expanding the brand, I think, is structurally and will give us, I think, a lot of great moments going forward. Bolt24 is a very low calorie product and is not no added sugars, and it’s all this sugar that is in the – basically the watermelon water that is that is kind of the base of the product. Obviously, we reserve the right to have a Zero Bolt24 going forward. I think at this point, the brand is positioned for athletes of the field and you will see innovation around functionality more than sugar, no sugar, but very, very low sugar levels, actually much lower than competitors in that space for sure. And I think is the right way to launch the brand. It is below 100 calories per bottle, so it’s 80 calories. So it’s very, very, a very healthy balance between taste, functionality and sugar levels.
Ramon Laguarta: Good question, Laurent. Of course, we want our – each one of our businesses to be a positive growth business. So Quaker no difference. We will continue to invest to make sure that business continues to grow, maybe not at the levels that we have Frito-Lay, but yes, good levels. We’ve done several things with that business. One is, we invested a bit more both in CapEx and kind of cost of goods, specifically in the area of improving the formulation of our Quaker products. So we’ve eliminated all the artificials. Now it’s only natural. And I think that will do well for the brand going forward, although, it’s quite an important investment in terms of cost of goods. So that’s why you’re seeing the operating – the gross margin reducing a little bit in Quaker. In terms of the breadth of growth, it is across all the different brands that make up that business. So it is our oats, but it’s also our life snacks, which I think have tremendous potential. It’s part of Aunt Jemima. It’s part of the convenient foods in – with Near East. So it’s a broad growth. And I think it’s sustainable as we put a bit more focus on the brands, the innovation and the execution of those particular brands. The fact that we’ve put this business under the Frito-Lay organization, so they report to Williams. Now he will bring more operational excellence to that organization in terms of both supply chain and sales and I think that per se will drive growth as we execute better. So I would say, again, holistic, look at the business starting from innovation brands. And in this case execution as well being a big lever, I think, of potential future performance.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Listen, Pioneer is –Africa is a continent of the next 30 years. So we’re putting a capital against a market opportunity that will deliver itself in the next 20 years. What Pioneer gives us is more scale in a continent where you’re successful, not only because of you have good products, but you need to have very good infrastructure, very good, go-to-market, very good manufacturing clearly closer to the consumer and very good talent. I think, from Pioneer, we get a very good set of brands across multiple categories, starting with basic food and – but going all the way to more sophisticated breakfast solutions and juice solutions. It gives us great talent, great local talent that understands how to operate in Africa. It gives us scale for our go-to-market and these will help our beverages and our snack businesses. And it gives us a good operating efficiency as we integrate all these businesses. So it is a good investment for us. Why Pioneers? We’ve been looking at different options, obviously, over time. And Pioneer, we’ve – we’re a good friend for many years with the Pioneer team and the opportunity came as of recently. So, it is a strategic geography for us from, I would say, Horizon 3, not Horizon 1 or 2, but Horizon 3. And we think it was going to be a very, very strategic investment for us going forward.
Ramon Laguarta: It’s not – we feel – good morning. We didn’t say it was the only lever, right, it’s multiple leavers that we’re playing to make Gatorade successful. And we changed some packaging, we improved our communication, we improved our execution on kind of the broad Gatorade brand and then we added innovation, which normally it is a big lever of acceleration, right? If you hit the right innovation in this big brands, that is really a big, big, big lever. We’re looking at hydration as a holistic opportunity and we have Gatorade. We have Propel. We have Bolt24. So we’re looking at different solutions for different type of consumers there. We’re looking at direct-to-consumer solutions for Gatorade. We’re looking at other ways of personalizing consumption for Gatorade to make sure our kind of value added to the consumer is higher, more personalized. So, I didn’t mean to say that it was only launching zero. And that was – it’s a much broader set of efforts across the organization to make sure that we continue to be the preferred house of solutions for sports drinks, Gatorade being one part, again, Propel is growing very fast. And it’s a great solution for low calorie hydration. And the same now with Bolt24 we expect to innovate going forward. So that we’re looking at this opportunity and physical performance is a big going forward consumer need that I think we want to participate not only with hydration, maybe other solutions as well.
Ramon Laguarta: So thank you all for your time and participation in this morning’s call. To conclude, summarizing, we’re pleased with our results in the third quarter and we now expect to meet or exceed our original target for our full-year organic net revenue growth. We’re executing well against our key priorities. And especially, we thank you all for your confidence you’ve placed in us with your investment. Thank you.
