Indra Nooyi: John, I am just going to make some opening comments and then pass it over to Hugh to really address it. First, I am troubled by the word reduction in guidance. We are saying we tightened the guidance. We gave you a range 11% to 13%. All that we're doing now is tightening the guidance. So we feel very good about where we have been so far in the year. And we feel good about the fourth quarter. And in today's macro economic environment, to deliver 11% to 12% EPS growth for a company of our size and scale I think is fantastic performance. So that's the first point. Point two, we are managing the company for the long term. And when we see opportunities to make investments which we think will pay off may not be in the next quarter or two but over the long term because many of these require investments in platforms and R&D, we are going to make those investments because we have to make sure that we are looking at innovation 24 months to 36 months out. Because as we move more and more into the nutrition space, it's no longer mere line extensions but we have to think about products backed by science. And science takes some time to be proved and authenticated, and that's what we are focusing on. But that's just a word by way of preamble. Let me turn it over to Hugh to give you a much more detailed answer on this topic. Hugh.
Indra Nooyi: John, I can just close by saying, if you look at our revenue performance even this quarter, it's a very robust revenue growth. And this is a result of investments we made last year. And so I think, wait for guidance for next year. But I think you are already beginning to see the revenue pick up.
Indra Nooyi: You know, the revenue is coming but John all of this has to be moderated with where the economies are headed because we believe we are doing the right things with investing behind the right initiatives. But sometimes we also need the macroeconomic-led tailwinds. And we don't know yet how to model that; we can model scenarios, we don't know how to model that. But based on sort of a middle-cut economic analysis, we think sequentially this will start accelerating.
Indra Nooyi: I'm going to toss it to Hugh again to give you the details. Bill, overall I'll tell you, on LRV we're managing the portfolio of brands and products and categories. And what we feel good about this quarter is that we gained LRV share versus our nearest competitor, and the momentum was looking good. And so rather than get into individual products, let's just say, the overall portfolio is working. With that let me just toss it over to Hugh.
Indra Nooyi: Look, we're not providing the details on exactly what you're asking. Let's just say that we are trying to work out a transfer of Gatorade to our independent Bottlers in a way that makes sense for the overall beverage business.
Indra Nooyi: So, (Mark), let's just talk about some of the spending areas. Hugh talked about spending in China; accelerate spending in China, stepped up levels. Look, when you spend in China and for in coolers marketplace investment, you are not going to get the profitability impact in the next 12 months or 24 months. It takes a longer time because we are still in a massive of investment mode in China. This is got years and years of growth. When we step up investment in India, again, you are not getting the returns right to way, but it's a must invest market because the demographics and the fact that per capita levels are so low gives you many years of growth. So we are making stepped up investments in these countries because either we've got the permission to invest, or we see an opportunity to go in with a new product or a marketplace investment at favorable terms today. So we are looking around the world, and wherever we see the opportunity, we are ramping up the investments. But just remember, the international market is not like the Unites States where you get a return within the quarter. It does take two, three, four years before the top-line starts ramping up in a meaningful way.
Indra Nooyi: I guess the difference is that when we talk about 11% to 13%, you assume its 13%, we think its 11% to 13%. I think we just have to have a conversation about this.
Indra Nooyi: So let me just wrap up this call. And let me give you some headlines that you should take away; macroeconomic environment, U.S. and Europe sluggish, rest of the world improving to buoyant. Our category reflects the economic performance of the countries. Our company performance is ahead of the categories and industries. Our operating approach, invest to transform our businesses consistent with changing lifestyles and society; second, judiciously balancing the short term and the long term. And the overall sentiment in PepsiCo: prepared and confident. We are feeling good. Thank you.
Hugh Johnston: Thanks, Indra. Yes, John I am glad you asked the question. In terms of tightening the range, first and foremost, we gave you a border range obviously back in the spring of 11% to 13%. We are now tightening it to 11% or 12%. As we have now gotten into Q4 in the latter part of the year we obviously have more line of sight as to where the year is ultimately going to come in. The second point on that is, we're seeing signs that the investments that we have been making in the business really are creating payback, whether you look at things that are going on within NAB or the things that are happening internationally with China and India and developing markets. So as we see that positive response, we do view it as an opportunity to invest more, and frankly an opportunity to get good payback over time. In terms of the specific investments, what we are really doing is investing I think in a couple of places. And a lot of it is additional relative to we've talked about in the past, which is further investments in things like China and Russia in areas like selling coolers, racks, and systems infrastructure. Second, in brand building, particularly in NAB around things like Max and Sierra Mist. And third, as we talk about this Global Nutrition Group, its making investments in things that will support our future in nutrition, things like Quaker brand-building and innovation and investments around fruits and vegetables, salt reduction and grains technology.  So these are the types of investment that as Indra said are things that are going to pay back over time, but they are the types of investments that really do drive the long term value of the company. Regarding your question specifically on 20/11, we are really not prepared to share guidance on 20/11 just yet. We'll do that in the fourth quarter, as has been our previous practice.
Hugh Johnston: Bill, we've talked about in the past the $150 million in the context of the overall $0.10 that we're looking to invest in the business this year. And no big change in that other than to some degree in dimension. And what we've talked about in the past are, number one, putting money into brand-building, into NAB. And it's not an insignificant percentage, but we've also talked about investments in China, investments in India, investments in Russia in order to build out those businesses, which is also getting a pretty good percentage. Beyond that, we really haven't gotten into the specifics for competitive reasons as to where the money is going.
Hugh Johnston: So let me handle that one. We've got right now about $120 million in. But with the switch for Gatorade from warehouse to DSD, there is both cost and benefits in the fourth quarter. So I wouldn't necessarily take that $120 million and try to project it on any kind of a straight line basis.
Hugh Johnston: No, I think that captures the essence of it. I mean obviously this is a balance that we are trying to strike, but frankly as we see good investment opportunities for the long haul we're going to make those investments, particularly when we're delivering within the expectation that we set out for ourselves in terms of delivering EPS for the year.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, I'd add to that. Judy, as we go into these things, there are two variables we are planning for; number one is the amount that we'll get out of any initiative, and number two is the timing that we'll get out of the initiative. In terms of the amount, some of them are exceeding some of them are falling. Short, the net is that they are coming in about where we would have expected to. The things that we are seeing is we are actually able to get some things done faster than what we had previously planned. So from the standpoint of the three-year number of 400 no real change in that. We really seem just good opportunities to accelerate timing relevant to our original planning.
Hugh Johnston: Yeah just one further thought on that, Judy. Typically, of course when the weather is hot you see a nice jump in the cold channel business. I think the thing that makes us feel good about the non-carb business right now is we've also seen nice pickup in the ambient channels as well, the large case back channel. So that suggests that it is more than just weather that there really is good brand building effect and it's having an impact in the marketplace.
Hugh Johnston: I really question the characterization of anything not delivering as we expected, to be perfectly honest with you. From our standpoint, we gave a range of 11% to 13%, we've consistently said 11% to 13%. And we're now staying within that range of 11% to 13%. What we've really talked about here is much more geared towards making investments in good opportunities in the marketplace, some of which are nearer in nature, some of which are a little bit further out in nature, but all of which are geared towards building the business, and all of which have good returns on them. So in terms of any expectation that we had, frankly, it's exactly in line with what we had been communicating. So no big change from our standpoint, the July reference is, well, puzzling to me. In terms of where we expect revenue to go, obviously we saw a good solid performance in the third quarter. And we're expecting to continue to see good solid revenue performance. So, we feel good about the operating performance of the business right now.
Hugh Johnston: No. What we've said is, we were between 11% and 13% and we're now sighting to 11% or 12%. And the increment is geared towards investing in largely developing markets and in NAB brand-building. So that's really where we are.
Eric Foss: Bill, the only thing I would add is that again, I think we feel very good about the quarter in a difficult environment. You've seen the top-line and volume improve the last couple of quarters. And if you think about the segments, water was positive, led by enhanced water. Non-carbs were strong across the board. The CSD category did experience some softness, but as Hugh mentioned, we feel great. I think Max is exceeding our expectations, and we actually feel very good about the top-line performance across beverages broadly.
Eric Foss: I can just say two words on Gatorade to reinforce what you said. We are seeing a growing trial as we (keep) level of our products, as well as some improving numbers on the base business. So we feel good on the long term sustainability of the Gatorade performance. And the other thing, as you know, on juices Trop50 is growing double digit. We launched a new packaging. We have extended beyond orange into cranberry and apple. And all of these new products are really there for the long term. So we feel pretty good about it.
Eric Foss: Well, as I said earlier Christine, I think if you look at the composition of growth in third quarter, what you would've seen is an increase in the performance of our water portfolio largely driven by enhanced water. The non-carbs performed well and improved broadly. Certainly, Gatorade had a great quarter. As I mentioned earlier, tea, energy, ready to drink coffee, all had solid growth. The CSD category in total was soft in third quarter, and within our portfolio I mentioned Max was a big positive for us. The Core Dew business performed well, and so at the end of the day, water and non-carbs performed extremely well and the CSD category was softer and we kind of performed in line with the category.
