Indra Nooyi: Okay. Bryan I’m going to answer the second part of the question and then Hugh is going to answer the first part of the question. So you know when we talked to you about structural options way back in February of 2012 we said we would look at range of structural options, JVs, collaborations, any sort of structural separation we look at every option and at the end of the day we will do something that makes sense for PepsiCo for the beverage business globally and for North American beverage business. So we want to approach this in a very sensible way because buying, spinning, buying, spinning is lot of sustainable way to run any business especially one that has terrific possibility and generates extraordinary U.S. cash flow and more importantly houses some of our most important global beverage brands. So we are approaching this in a very, very sensible way and we are looking at every structural option possible that will allow us to manage the global beverage business in a sensible way, not jeopardized PepsiCo overall by any sort of loss of the U.S. cash flow and in a way that’s long-term shareholder value creating. So we are looking at fundamental operational improvements in the North American beverage business also. And our strategy has been very simple focus on innovation, focus on R&D investments to create disruptive innovation so that we can get incrementally and think about how to price very, very sensibly in a segment that’s going through a lot of volatility. It’s still a very big market, very profitable, very important to retailers, but in 2012 second half and 2013, it did go through a slowdown and was very important that we don’t start competing strictly on price. This category has been competing on price for years. And last couple of years, we have been trying our best to become a lot more disciplined and inch the pricing up and play a very, very disciplined game and that’s really what we have been doing. So with that here, let me turn it to Hugh to talk about the mix between pricing and productivity and everything else in between. 
Indra Nooyi: And Bryan, I’d just add one last thing for you to keep in mind. As we said in the script, the North American beverage business is big. It’s an $85 billion category. The velocity of this business is somewhere between 40 and 80 turns a year. So it is the retailer who generates an enormous amount of cash, because they pay us net 30. It’s a huge traffic driver. So it’s a very important category. It’s very profitable across the industry to margins range from low to mid-teens. So it’s a very profitable business. It generates a ton of U.S. cash. And in today’s volatile global environment, we are in the North American beverage business, which actually is a pretty damn good business today in terms of generating U.S. cash and profitability. So I would frame that with that context.
Indra Nooyi: But there is no question that there has been an industry dynamic which has seen a shift away from CSDs to non-carbs and we have talked about that many times. It’s now at 50:50 or 60:40 the other way and it could potentially settle at that number. 
Indra Nooyi: Let me speak to the first part of the question Dara. Couple of years ago, we started to see the decline in full sugar CSDs, no question about that, especially in colas, we started to see the decline in full sugar colas and diets were holding up. Recently especially in the last, I would say, six months to nine months, there has been an accelerated decline in diet drinks as people say they don’t even want artificial sweeteners, they want more natural sweeteners, they don’t mind some calories, but they want natural sweeteners, they want to go back to sugar in some cases. So we are seeing a fundamental shift in consumer habits and behaviors. We anticipated some of these the diet slowdown has been a little more rapid than we expected. The good news is that our overall portfolio as Hugh mentioned is very balanced. And our diet – I am sorry our Dew consumer likes regular Dew, likes Diet Dew, likes Kickstart. So our Dew consumer is very different than the consumer for colas and consumer for lemon lime. We are staying on the path of innovating along natural sweeteners and thinking about flavoring agents to make sugar taste more sugary and so that’s all we are focused on. We talked about our products coming to market in 2014. That’s really the track we are on and we are not talking about it now, because we haven’t yet got a launch date. Once we have a launch date, you will hear a lot more about it. And our goal is to bring to the market a product that tastes great. We don’t want to rush a product to the market and then have to wonder why we launched something that wasn’t that great tasting. So that’s our focus. Regarding pricing and let me add to that I have mentioned this I think at one of the conferences maybe Barclays or something or Bernstein, the category has been declining about 3% a year, CSD category, especially in the last couple of years. And it’s important that in the next two to three years, we come up with significant disruptive innovation if you want to hold people in the CSD category and that’s what we are focused on. The best news of course is that our portfolio is so diverse not just within beverages, but also between beverages, snacks and good-for-you products that we feel incredibly well insulated against any sort of headwinds in this category. Let me now turn to pricing. Dara, I’ll tell you we have – the industry not just PepsiCo, the industry has seen years and years of ridiculous pricing where for the last 10th of a share you know there would be a pricing war which has impacted the whole category and this has been on for almost a decade and that is not the right way to create shareholder value in this category. It cannot be that one company has you know almost 8 or 9 years of problems because of you know destructive pricing habits and then they take a big reset and then they start coming up and then the other company has to take a reset this kind of back and forth (inaudible) does not work in shareholder value creating mixture [ph]. So what we’re trying to do is to say given the category dynamics we have to behave in a value creating way in this category and that’s what we’re doing. We’re going to keep doing that and hope that at some point in the overall category there is sensible behavior and all of us are focused on sustainable long term shareholder value creation that’s what we’re going to focus on. 
Indra Nooyi: So let me start with our Head of AMEA it's not international it's just Head of Asia, Middle-East, Africa. You know Saad was an amazing leader and we truly miss him but as you know the strength of PepsiCo is that we have very good succession plans, literally every position in the company. Sanjeev Chadha has been in PepsiCo forever almost 20 years if I recall and started his career in PepsiCo India then went on to Asia-Pacific was a Commercial Director there. From there he came to our Middle-East business and was running the Middle-East business. So essentially he has run every aspect of Asia, Middle-East, Africa, knows the region very well and is a great successor to Saad and so feel very good about Sanjeev’s appointment into the Head of the Asia, Middle-East, Africa. He knows snacks, he knows beverages, he knows franchise, he knows company owned operations because he has done both in India in ASPAC and the Middle-East which is a big franchise market for beverages as well as company owned operations in Jordan and Egypt and we have a big company owned snacks business. So Sanjeev is a very seasoned executive, has done turnarounds, has done big growth, so I think as all of you get introduced to him we will certainly bring him around. I think he is going to be very pleased how well the succession has worked. He knows everybody in the region, the bottlers, the employees, they all know him too and so I don’t think there is going to be any issue in the AMEA region. Quite a seamless transition. In terms of Europe, Zein was the Sector Head for Europe. The good news is Russia we have a phenomenal talent base of Russian managers, you know Silviu Popovich who came to us from Wimm-Bill-Dann, [indiscernible] who came to us from bottling business who was with PepsiCo before all of these are terrific leaders running our Russian business and they in turn report to Ramon Laguarta who has been in PepsiCo for decades and Ramon is running the developing markets in Europe he has got all of Russia, the FSUs, all the way to Turkey doing very well and replacing Zein in Europe is Enderson Guimaraes who came to us out of Electrolux, again an executive who ran a big piece of Electrolux comes to us with a very different perspective and has managed businesses with enormous volatility as you know hard goods, the white goods rather go through bigger volatility and economic downturn than any of our staples businesses. So Enderson is a seasoned executive in that dimension and is adding a lot to our overall management team and don’t forget Zein hasn’t gone anywhere. He is right here down the corridor, so he is always there looking at all of these businesses. The good news is that we have a great team in PepsiCo and we take a lot of pain to make sure our succession planning is done well.   Turning to CSD innovation, especially in North America, because that’s really what we are talking about. In most of the international markets, especially in Asia, there is still lots of room for growth. Will our innovations stop the decline? That’s anybody’s guess Caroline, I think in today’s world we have to keep betting on innovation both for creating breakthrough products and also innovation to reduce costs through creative ingredients. And I think in today’s world, overall volatility in consumer shopping habits and the way they are spending the money, retail dynamics, etcetera, etcetera, the best insulation is to have a diversified portfolio, relatively diverse, not too diverse, but relatively diverse have a great brand portfolio that covers all eating and drinking occasions and not be overly dependent on a category like CSDs. And that’s really why we feel very, very good about PepsiCo today. And as we mentioned earlier in the notes in our script, our brand portfolio is diverse, geographic portfolio is diverse, but most importantly, our product portfolio is diverse and CSDs per se in North America is not a gigantic driver of our profits. So we feel pretty good about where we stand today.  
Indra Nooyi: Well, Judy, let me speak to the second one very quickly. As we said we will tell you in early next year what we are going to do. And we have told you all the structural solutions we are looking at. And that’s what we are doing. We are looking at structural solutions, but I want to underline sensible, value creating structural solutions. So keep that in mind.   Let me now come to emerging markets. Emerging markets, emerging and developing markets by definition are going to be volatile. In today’s world where you have got turmoil in the developed markets, I think that tends to hail on to emerging markets and that creates more sort of variance around the mean if you want to call it that. Very quick walkthrough, I think because we are on the staples business, the swings in our business are probably going to be less than swings you might see in hard goods or, white goods or durables. The thing to be very, very careful about, if you just focus on market share, especially against local competitors, B brands in those markets and start doing crazy things with pricing, what you lose, exacerbate the volatility into your business.   So again what we have told, so I have told all of the sector heads is to make sure that you manage share across the narrow corridor. Don’t try to chase pricing down with B brands, local brands, don’t try to hit the pricing so much just to drive volume, because in these volatile times, buying volume is like renting volume. So we have been directing our people to manage the business sensibly, balanced volume, pricing, revenue, profitability and build frequency and penetration deliberately and carefully. Do not rent volume, build it carefully, build the brand equity, build the consumption occasion very, very carefully and that’s what we have told everybody to do. Is there volatility? Yes. But I think for companies like PepsiCo, given our broad geographic and product portfolio and brand portfolio that company becomes a natural hedge against all of these variabilities. So again we feel pretty good. 
Indra Nooyi: You know Frito-Lay North America is a terrific franchise. The business is well run and I think the incredible way that our snacks business and beverage business works together to really bring solutions to customers is what makes that business so successful. And the virtuous circle of driving top line growth, focusing on productivity, taking the benefit from that investing some back into the company to keep the virtuous circle going, putting the rest to the bottom line is what has kept Frito-Lay business going. What Frito-Lay has been known for is every 3 or 5 years looking at breakthrough productivity to drive another 3 to 5 years of profit growth. And that thinking continues at Frito-Lay. But Amit I tell you, the most important thing is we have segmented the Frito-Lay business in a very interesting way, where we look more at demand spaces rather than just cohorts or day-parts. And looking at demand spaces now, we can see how we can expand the Frito-Lay eating occasions. So, as you look at the overall macro-snack environment, we know how to push salty snacks into taking away cookie occasions, cracker occasions, chocolate occasions by looking at various demand spaces and looking to see what consumers consume for each of those demand spaces. So we look at macro-snacks as our feeding ground. Salty snacks is just a sub-segment of that. And as long as there is lot of space with all macro-snacks and we have a very strong distribution and great innovation capabilities, we feel good about the fact that we can go after some of those occasions and that's the growth story of Frito-Lay. Thank you all for your questions and in closing our performance to-date in 2013 is a good indicator of how a well-constructed and developed portfolio coupled with disciplined execution and reinvestment can drive high quality top and bottom line results on a sustainable long term basis and this is the purpose of PepsiCo. I thank you for your time this morning and for the confidence you have placed in us with your investment. Have a great day. 
Hugh Johnston: Yes, sure, happy to do that, Indra. Good morning, Bryan. If you look at the margin performance, you really do have to look at it from three perspectives. First is from kind of net pricing in the marketplace and from that perspective, as we look at a category that doesn’t have a lot of growth in it, we do believe the right and responsible way to manage this category is for us to be very consistent in taking that price. We have been consistently articulate about that over the couple of years. And I think if you look back at our performance, we have consistently led the industry in ensuring that we do take that net price and we have taken in an appropriate and responsible way. So that’s driver number one. Driver number two is net revenue management. We have gotten more sophisticated on that over the course of the last couple of years. I think that’s been a product of the reintroduction of the bottling businesses back into PepsiCo. And I would look at it from two perspectives. One is package management, where the array of packages that we have and the opportunity to extract incremental margin from those packages has actually increased substantially compared to where we were three or four years ago, where we were much more heavily focused on just 2-liters and 12-packs. And then second from a channel management perspective, I think we have gotten much more granular using technology and much more specific in the way that we price cross channels in a manner that allows us to also drive margin. The third area as you mentioned is productivity. There is little question that the productivity has ramped up in the business and I’d explain it this way if you think about the way that we historically looked at productivity, it was a very manufacturing centric point of view in terms of consistent year-over-year productivity and then episodically there would be productivity coming out of G&A, primarily through restructurings. Obviously, we haven’t stopped doing any of that, but I think what we have added to it are a couple of components. Number one, value engineering, we have gotten much more sophisticated in terms of our use of materials. And as a result of that, we have really doubled the impact of value engineering, which is essentially two things. Number one, using less of a commodity or number two substituting commodities to enable us to get better productivity out of the prettier [ph] goods that we get. So our value engineering capability has stepped up substantially. Number two is the distribution system. I think typically in the past we hadn’t gotten a lot of productivity out of the distribution system. We have clearly gotten a lot sharper on that both from the standpoint of labor management and in addition to that using technology in the warehouse. That’s enables us to lower cost across that. And then the last piece of course is tight G&A cost controls and it’s something that as PepsiCo we are quite good at. So if you put all of those pieces together, that’s really what’s driving the solid margin improvement in the phase of what are obviously a not growing category right now. 
Hugh Johnston: Yeah I’m happy to handle that, John I really the money is being spent in two areas, number one is where we see a good ROI we’re spending on incremental advertising and marketing, you’re going to see that more in the AMEA region then you will anywhere else so some of it clearly plays back into the developed markets as well. The secondary where we have chosen to make investments is in the growth markets and it's largely going to be in opportunities to expand distribution, leveraging cooler, leveraging racks again to enable us to further accelerate our growth and to create further advantage in those markets which obviously still have lots of growth potential left in them. Regarding your question about doing tend to fully spend back the gain the answer is absolutely yes. We intend to fully spend back again. So the investments are really going fundamentally to what we believe are the volume and growth and ultimately shareholder value creating drivers for the business. We think they are good investments for shareholders for the long run and we feel quite comfortable in making them and assuring that we’re going to get a good return on them. In terms of timing typically those types of investments have about a 1 to 2 year payback. 
Hugh Johnston: Regarding non-carbs I actually think they were quite a number of bright spots, we have seen year-to-date the Gatorade business continued to perform very well. It's been gaining share, we certainly feel good about where Gatorade is and even more importantly feel good about the fact that we have repositioned the business very strongly for within consumers’ minds in terms of the brand being really the sports nutrition brand so that’s number one. Number two the ready to drink tea business is certainly doing quite well in particular Lipton Pure Leaf, the innovation that we have had there both in terms of the smaller and the larger packages is performing extremely well and that business is now back on track in terms of market share. The chilled juice business as well both in terms of Tropicana as well as the innovation that we’ve with Tropicana Farmstand and Trop50 all continued to perform well. Now you’re right as you look at the aggregate non-carb number the volume as we mentioned was a low single digit decline, the real challenge therefore is in the packaged water business, we look at that business as something that is scale enabler but we also look at it as a business where we’re not willing to invest to lose money in order to just hold volume. We just don’t think that’s a good use of shareholders of money we don’t think it creates value overtime, we’re obviously going to be in the space with our distribution system, we will continue to sell packaged water but it's not a priority for us from an investment perspective. So as you see the balance of the market at various times choose to invest in bottled water often times to change volume and to chase share you’re going to see our numbers swing in overall non-carbs because the water category is so big. What it will do though is significantly impact our profitability. So I think we certainly feel good about non-carbs from that perspective. On the CSD front I think the biggest thing that we feel very good about right now is Mountain Dew. The Mountain Dew franchise is performing terrifically well in the United States. We feel good about the base Dew business, the Diet Dew business has been performing extremely well. And I think one of the things we are most heartened by is Mountain Dew really travels well to international markets, whether you look at India, whether you look at China, the Dew franchise is clearly a global franchise and we feel terrific about that. Regarding your question on what the future of CSD growth is, very hard to estimate, obviously, we have taken a perspective that by virtue of investing in R&D around package and around products specifically sweetener, we think that will benefit the category. The important thing I think from our perspective is we have got an LRB portfolio that works really well. We think we have an advantage set of brands. So regardless of where the overall LRB market goes, we do feel like we will be competitively well positioned by virtue of the portfolio that we built over the course of 10 or so years. 
