Ramon Laguarta: Yeah. Good morning, Brian. Yeah. So I'll give you two, like, -- there are two areas where which we're looking at very carefully. One is on the supply side, things like become much better. We're seeing much better flow of materials from suppliers. We're seeing in general better labor market and that has helped us to run a better company. So that's one area we're looking at very carefully. During COVID (ph), it was not perfect. It's becoming better and that's why you will see that our costs are performing better and how we're slowing (ph) some of the net revenue down into the bottom line. On the consumer front as well, we were planning the year with more of historical data on elasticities, both in developed and developing markets. And we're seeing in the majority of the markets where we operate, we're seeing better elasticities and that has continued to be during the first half of the year, even though we're seeing lower income consumers strategizing around obviously optimizing their budgets, but we're seeing the majority of consumers staying within our categories, staying within our brands. And it's remarkable what our marketing teams are, commercial teams have been doing to minimize elasticities. In some respect it is what we have been investing for the last few years. Our brands are stronger.The perceived value of our products is better than it was. And obviously, we've been able to raise prices and consumers stay within our brands. Now we're seeing consumers making some adjustments, right? We're seeing consumers shopping in more stores than before. They're looking for better deals. They're starting to look for optimization. They're going to channels that have better perceived value. They're buying more in Dollar stores or they buy more in mass or in clubs. So every segment of the consumer is making adjustment. Overall, we're seeing very positive. And I think it has to do with the levels of unemployment that we're seeing all around the world. Unemployment is very low. In most of the economies, if you think about developed markets, but also developing markets. So markets like Mexico record low unemployment, some markets in Asia as well. So we're seeing overall very, very good consumer behavior, especially when it refers to our categories and that's why we raised guidance on our top line and because of the first factor, we raised guidance on the second -- on the bottom line as well.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah. Thank you. Thank you, Dara There are obviously some markets around the world that are suffering from currency situations and there we have to adjust to the reality. And I'm talking about Turkey, Pakistan, Egypt, Argentina. So there are subsegment of markets where I would not apply the global rule and we're acting very specifically in those markets. But beyond those markets overall, we're seeing and I think it's because what I was saying earlier, unemployment levels being very low. We're seeing consumers continue to behave in a positive way. Our category penetrations in most of those markets is still relatively low, and we continue to be an affordable treat in those markets. So our products continue to be part of the repertoire that they can afford and they make trade-offs to stay within our category. So we're seeing that in a very positive way. Now competitive wise, I think there's very rational competition across the world from what I -- from what we can observe, in the first half of the year, both in our snacks and our beverage business. And that's what we're assuming in the balance of the year.
Ramon Laguarta: Lauren, hi. We cannot hear you very well. You come in. [Multiple Speakers] you're breaking up. I don't know, if it's our phone or it's -- now it seems to be better.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah, Lauren. I think the -- I think there are a couple of factors. The G2 DSD has a meaningful impact on timing on when we reflect our sales and when the consumer actually buys compared to previous years. So we're much -- the cycle has reduced substantially, given our DSD -- and that might have some implications on the readings. We feel good about the sports category even though it has been cold in some parts of the country for the month of June and so on. But in general, within the categories continues to have healthy metrics in terms of penetration and usage and everything else. Our innovation G FIT, Gatorade and most importantly for us long term, our powders and tablets is going very, very well. So we believe in those subsegments continue to develop along with G Zero, which continues to attract new consumers to the category. So we feel good. We're seeing all the execution metrics for Gatorade improving. So inventory on display, service levels to our customers, which were a little bit handicapped in the past due to supply chain issues. So we're seeing the health of the brand and the category at a pretty good level. It is true that there are some new entrants in the category like Prime that have been taken some space, especially with younger audiences. They've been affecting Gatorade, but they've been affecting more of some other brands in the category that had that kind of profile. So we feel good about the execution. We feel good about how the brand is performing. We've increased advertising substantially against Gatorade and we'll continue to do so in the back end of the summer and the year. So we feel good about Gatorade. And I think the G2 DSD is going to be a structural move that will give us better execution and capacity to respond to weather changes and opportunity in the marketplace going forward.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah. Good morning. I think there's a couple of realizations on this. The number one is that the power of our distribution system our DSD machine in the U.S. is very powerful. And obviously, you can see by the increase in the numerical distribution and the quality of execution. So that's one element that makes us feel very strong about our capabilities in the U.S. Beverages. Second, I think Celsius is a brand that is capturing new consumers to the energy category, consumers that were not consuming energy drinks for many reasons in the past, flavor or image or some other elements. That is a positive. The category keeps expanding and we're glad that that's in our portfolio. And we're working together with Celsius to see additional international opportunities, whether we can expand the brand in some other markets, especially more developed markets where the category is a bit more developed. Those are the three conclusions that we're taking from our relationship so far.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah. Thank you. Yes, good -- good diagnostic. The fact that our European business clearly has had a terrific first half of the year and we're expecting that to continue in the second half. A couple of elements, I think we have a portfolio that is quite robust on the snack side. We have very good market positions in snacks. And we have good challenging positions in beverages and our zero propositions in Europe are growing very fast and they're taking market share in some of the more affluent markets in Europe. So good portfolio mix and good focus by the team on growing that portfolio. As you said, we were a little bit late to pricing last year in '22. And the team has been courageous and has been able to find win-win solutions with our customers in '23. So as you see from the numbers, good pricing levels, but what is also very remarkable in Europe is the levels of productivity that the team has been executing through simplification of the business and everything else that Hugh was saying about digitalization and automation and also moving some service to essential points that we can service the businesses more effectively, more efficiently. So good work by the European team, both on portfolio managed simplification and then in driving productivity. So we feel good about Europe. We have a very strong business in both Central Europe, Eastern Europe and parts of the economy that are growing faster. So we feel good about the portfolio composition and the business going forward.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah. And I would say the commercial teams have done a great job in minimizing elasticity. So going into the year, of course, we were assuming a level of elasticity that was more based on historical levels. I think we've been positively surprised on the strength of the brands in some markets. And obviously, as I said earlier, the consequence of the investment we've been making. But the way the teams have executed innovation, have executed range expansion, multiple displays around the store and some of the tactics we normally use to drive volume and minimize elasticities have been really well executed. I think we link it as well to as being a more intelligent company in a broader sense, having better data, having better digitalization and execution capabilities. So it is all connected. And yeah, we feel good about how the business performed in that respect versus what we had initially planned.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah. The Frito-Lay is having a tremendous year again on top of a very good '22. And it's been driven by our large brands performing very well, linking to what I said earlier about very strong brand programs and commercial programs. The away-from-home business and the small store independent business where there is a lot of impulse consumption is not really reflected normally by a lot of the reports that you've probably seen. So that might be a gap there. And obviously, in the summer, this is very relevant as people move around more. But we're seeing -- the only thing we're seeing in Frito-Lay in the last few weeks is the lapping versus the P6 price increase we did last year. So that's the only element. Everything else, we're seeing a much better supply chain. So our service levels to our key customers is improving a lot. That's good news because we were a little bit handicapped in the last year and first half of this year, we're seeing much broader portfolio. So the smaller SKUs that drive -- we know they drive frequency and they drive penetration in some sub-consumers. So we're seeing a lot of positive trends, some of our innovation. If you think about minis or if you think about some of the new launches like the jerky product or a relaunch of the nuts and seeds, our permissible portfolio, they're really doing very well, along with our big brands. So we feel good about the portfolio composition and the continued executional capabilities of Frito to drive availability universally almost. So we're feeling good about the business.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah. Listen, we take our energy products along with the rest of the portfolio where it makes sense, right? So some of the channels you're mentioning like college universities, they are very large channels for our energy execution, right? So when you go to a normal campus, you will see a Rockstar, you would see Celsius, you will see our coffee business. You will see the new Gatorade energy Fast Twitch. So you will see all these execution. Wherever there are consumers that are looking for energy, we tend to be there. So we're not holding on any opportunities at this point to maximize the reach of our brands. So no, don't wait for '24. We're executing as we speak.
Hugh Johnston: Yeah. Great question, Bonnie. It's Hugh. You're right in that, the balance or the -- yes, the balance of the year guidance is in effect 7.5% revenue, 8.5% EPS. That's the squeeze on the balance of the year. What is implied in the margins are two things. Number one, actually continued strong productivity. And if you look at where we are year-to-date, our pricing and our commodities are right in line with each other. So the margin improvement that you saw in the quarter 132 bps on gross and 45 on net is entirely driven by productivity, which is reflective of the productivity investments that we've made over the last couple of years in things like digitalization and in automation and then leveraging Global Business Services to standardize how we operate that's actually kind of been a pivot this year. And that's a pivot that I think you'll see ongoing, not just in the back half of this year, but actually into ‘24 and beyond, where we're getting margin improvement out of these productivity initiatives. And obviously, the margins are quite good year-to-date entirely driven by productivity. In the back half, you'll continue to see that level of productivity improvement, if anything, it will accelerate, but we are continuing to invest. We're investing in advertising and marketing and A&M was up 50 bps in the second quarter. You're going to continue to see us invest in A&M. You're going to continue to see us invest in capabilities. And our investment cycles tend to be more back half oriented than they are front half oriented when we have a sense as to how the year is going to turn out. So that's what you're seeing in the implied guidance in the balance of the year. It's not that the productivity is going to diminish. It's not that anything is going on with the pricing other than the overlap effects of pricing. It's really a reflection of some of the productivity being reinvested it in the back half of the year, so that we continue that strong momentum into ‘24 and beyond.
Hugh Johnston: Yeah. Hi, Vivien. It's Hugh. The margins in PBNA was down in the second quarter. We had a big gain on an asset transaction in 2022. We're cycling over that transaction in '23. And for the full year on PBNA, you'll see the margins up in a healthy way, and north of 100 basis points.
Hugh Johnston: Hi, Andrea. So balance sheet (ph) revenue, the squeeze is 7.5%. What I think we're going to see is volumes will be sort of in the flattish range for the balance of the year. Obviously, there's still carryover pricing. And I don't think we'll do anything different than our normal cycles on pricing in the balance of the year. You tend to see pricing in the beverage business in the fourth quarter. Frito tends not to go in the balance of the year, but that's TBD. We'll see how the year plays out. But the implication that we have in the forecast right now is kind of back to our relatively more normal pricing. And obviously, that sets us up for '24. And then a lot of ways to think about it as the back half of the year is a little bit ahead of our long-term guidance, which I think is the momentum that we'll carry forward.
Hugh Johnston: Yeah. Hey, Chris. It's Hugh. So what I had said was pricing was up exactly in line with our commodity inflation. So both are in the teens and the numbers are basically identical. So that obviously is not driving margin improvement because those two are essentially offsetting each other. In terms of the balance of the year margins, we have previously communicated, we'd be at least equal with where we were last year. We're now clearly going to be ahead of where we were last year. So margins will improve this year as opposed to the at least equal that we had previously communicated. And the driver, of course, behind that is productivity. And the things that I've been talking about and Ramon has been talking about for a while, we've made these investments in digitalization. We've made these investments in automation. We've been investing in building out a global business services operation. And I think that's the pivot that you see happening inside of our numbers right now is that the margins will improve, I think, on a sustained basis and it will be driven by productivity and that productivity will come out of those three buckets. So I don't think this is a one or two quarter thing. I think you're going to see margins continue to steadily improve this year and into the coming years.
Hugh Johnston: Right. And the only thing I'd add is, we're very happy with the investment we've made and we feel very comfortable where we are with that company right now. I think we're both benefiting from each other's capabilities.
Hugh Johnston: Yeah. Hi, Steve. Good morning. It's a combination. Volumes are certainly a bit better than we expected and price realization is a little better than we had expected as well. So it's a combo. It's not dominant one or the other.
Hugh Johnston: Great. So I think this is the end of the conversation. Thank you very much. Thank you all of you for joining us today and especially for the confidence that you've placed in us with your investments. We hope that you all have a great summer and stay safe and healthy. Thank you.
