Indra Nooyi: Caroline, we don't really comment on one month’s performance, but we'll talk more about it in our Q3 call.
Indra Nooyi: Dara, I presume you’re talking about North American beverages, because when I was talking about margin improvement opportunities I was talking about North American beverages. Just roughly speaking, our franchise business has got much better margins than an operating business in the beverage world, because you've got the entire cost line to work with. I think in the North American beverage business, as we've mentioned before Dara, we've been investing in many technologies, whether it's processing technology, packaging technology, ingredient technology and one-by-one some of these technologies are beginning to start being commercialized. So as we look at our productivity program and we’ve talked about the next [branch] of productivity, some of that next branch of productivity is from North American beverages. And that comes from some of these technologies beginning to get implemented in the marketplace. And that's what gives us confidence that there are opportunities to improve margin performance. On top of that, we’ve really cranked up innovation machine and the combination of the new innovation coming to the marketplace driving top-line in a category that has slowed down a lot. But our goal is to use the power of our portfolio to drive the top-line growth. Coupled with these new technologies and different ways of working within North America to improve the productivity of the operations is what gives us confidence that we can improve the margins in North American Beverages.
Indra Nooyi: Bill, we’ve been incredibly consistent. PepsiCo is an extremely well architected portfolio geographically. From a product perspective, we are hitting our stride. Every part of the business is functioning well and we do not need large scale M&A to deliver on our financial goals. We do have a strategy to focus on tuck-in acquisitions, and we’ve said tuck-in acquisitions in any year will be $500 million or less. And that's all we are focused on. And I would look beyond the noise and let's just focus on PepsiCo and the performance of the company. And we feel very good about it. Thank you, Bill. So thank you all for your questions. In closing, let me just say that our performance for the second quarter and through first half of 2013 are excellent indications of how our well constructed and developed portfolio, coupled with disciplined execution reinvestment, can drive high quality top and bottom line results on a sustainable basis. That is the purpose of PepsiCo. And I thank you for your time this morning and for the confidence you’ve placed in us with your investments. Have a great day.
