Indra Nooyi: Thank you, Hugh. Before we open it up to questions, I want to take this opportunity to share with you how excited we are to be entering 2015 despite the challenges that we face, because this year marks the 50th anniversary of the coming together of PepsiCo and Frito-Lay in 1965. We set the foundation for what is today one of the world’s most iconic and successful companies. This year we celebrate five decades of growing our business and creating substantial value for our shareholders, customers, consumers and communities. It was a phenomenal vision of Don Kendall and Herman Lay, the architects of this combination, which set the stage to grow from $510 million in revenue in 1965 to almost $67 billion today. Of the companies in the Fortune 500 in 1965 just 79 remain today, and over this time frame, we’ve generated extraordinary shareholder returns. In fact, $100 investment in PepsiCo in 1965 with dividends reinvested would be worth over $42,000 today. But PepsiCo’s success over the past 50 years has not happened by chance. It happened because throughout our history PepsiCo has repeatedly adapted and retooled all with an eye to the future. More importantly we kept integrity at the heart of all we do, running the Company responsibly to generate sustainable long term value, and this is a formula for success that our current team will continue to apply. With that let’s open it up for questions.
Indra Nooyi: And Bryan if I can add to what Hugh said, in things like R&D spending, we cannot cut, because that’s real spending on innovation and it doesn’t matter what the volatility in the market is, these are long-term projects and we have to make sure we keep investing to get this innovation engine moving. In terms of A&M again, we want to make sure we put the appropriate A&M in the market, but we also watch to make sure that we’re getting a return on investment on A&M in volatile environments. But our goal is to hold those relatively sacred and then work the other levels in the P&L.
Indra Nooyi: Amit, I'll tell you something. There was never a time that we did not focus on running the Company for all shareholders. I think between the senior management and the Board, we have constructive conversations with all our shareholders as we did with certain particularly outspoken shareholders. But there was never a time I’d say over the last few years that we’ve ever taken our eye off long-term investments to make our portfolio stronger. And if we see an opportunity that creates tremendous shareholder value, we’ll certainly look at it. We’ve looked at lot of things, but given the price expectations and given our assessment of what kind of value we can derive from these properties, we haven’t seen the need to make any major investments in new M&A activities. But if something comes up that creates spectacular value, we’ll be back to talk with you.
Indra Nooyi: I think the other thing that helps too, if I may add, across Latin America many of our businesses have a wide range of the portfolio from value to premium products. So you can actually price the portfolio differently. And that helps too because sometimes in the premium products you can take more pricing and it can stick while the value products you want to make sure that you don’t get that pricing equation too much out of whack. So the teams have gotten pretty good at playing this revenue management game in a very careful way as they navigate through Brazil or Argentina or Venezuela or Mexico.
Indra Nooyi: Thank you, Ali. I’ll let Hugh answer the currencies. I think on the marketing spend, overall if you look at our A&M as a percentage of sales, we said we’re going to hold it at 5.9% of sales and we’re staying with that number. What happens is that in certain regions of the world, we shift the A&M depending on what kind of return we’re getting for A&M spending. But more importantly we've been focused a lot Ali on working versus non-working spending. We’re shifting a lot more to consumer facing programs and that’s really what we were talking about because we believe that the more we focus on shifting the spending to working A&M away from sort of G&A type A&M, the more bang for the buck we get. So in every part of the world we’re trying to put in place playbooks and best practices to increase the A&M that’s consumer facing. So overall for the Company again, as we have said many times, we are holding to the A&M as a percentage of sales. But where we see an opportunity to increase it, we look for ways to reallocate it and at every moment we measure the return on investment on our marketing spend. With that, let me turn to Hugh to talk about the currencies in the top and the bottom line.
Indra Nooyi: I think it is also where we have our revenues and our margins. Latin America higher margins and Russia for example a lower margin. So the revenues gets hit more. So overall I think we have an aligned top and bottom line impact.
Indra Nooyi: And if the category keeps growing at this current rate, it's pretty good for us. Let me close by reiterating that we are pleased with our results for the quarter and for the full year. We are confident that our plans are working and as a result our outlook for 2015 is within our long-term financial goals. We want to thank you all for your time and questions this morning, and more importantly for the confidence you’ve placed in us with your investments. Have a wonderful day.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, I completely agree, Indra. And Bryan I guess I'd approach it from two perspectives. From a P&L perspective, we do feel like we’ve found the right balance now between the productivity that we’re driving and the investments that we’re making in R&D, the investments we’re making in innovation, the investments we’re making in providing growth capacity through the P&L into the business. Then from a capital perspective, each of the last couple of years we’ve started with a budget of somewhere between 4% and 5% and each of those years we’ve landed at a little bit over 4%. The reason for that is we really do apply quite a bit of rigor to the investments that we’re making. We’re not afraid to invest in long-term growth, quite the opposite. I would argue both in R&D and in capital we have been investing in long-term growth. The focus here is sustainable value creation, and I think with the reinvestment rates we have right now, we will be able to deliver that sustainably.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. Regarding Venezuela Caroline, just a couple of comments. First, as you know, we spend the better part of the year at 6.3 last year and then moved to 12 in November. So the average for the year was 6.84. Our planning assumption right now is to be at SICAD 1, which is 12. Obviously there was news based on yesterday press conference out of Venezuela from the government talking about exchange rates. There was a lot of information mentioned there. It still isn’t really clear because the details haven’t been published as to what it all means yet. In general the fact that they seem to be going to a more market based supply and demand currency environment, those suggest I think long term positives for us. In terms of the implications in the short term, we did hear that SICAD 1 would continue to exist. We will wait till we see more details on that and then we'll come back to investors with details as they emerge. But in the long run it seems to me it is probably encouraging based on what we heard yesterday in terms of being able to move currency and cash around more freely. 
Hugh Johnston: Yes. I think that’s exactly right. The only thing I would add as a rule of thumb is in most markets when we run into these issues, we've sort of been able to price through somewhere between two thirds and three quarters of the inflation impact, and as Indra said, the rest of it we tend to handle through restructuring and productivity initiatives and things like that. Russia's obviously a more profound example of that but I think the rules of thumb will generally apply in that regard. But what it leads you to more broadly is the power of the PepsiCo integrated food and beverage portfolio and the size of geographic portfolio. As a few developing and emerging markets run into challenges, such as Russia, such as Venezuela, we also have markets like India, markets like Turkey that are performing very well. And as a result, the PepsiCo portfolio and the scale that food and beverage brings in each of those countries actually works quite well.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, sure. John, in terms of both of those questions, regarding Latin America, you'll see us take a fairly significant pricing again. Inflation is obviously running in the high single to low double digits down there. And as I mentioned earlier we'll probably wind up pricing through somewhere in the neighborhood of three quarters of that. The rest we'll drive through restructuring and productivity. Regarding the transaction impact on commodities inflation, we talked about the fact that we're at low single digits for commodities inflation. About 40% to 50% of that is driven by transaction FX.
Hugh Johnston: Absolutely and Indra, just to add one more point around marketing spend to Ali’s question. For the year we had marketing spend equal to the rate of sales growth. So we held as committed to at the beginning of the year. For the quarter A&M grew faster than sales. So A&M as a percent of sales went up in the quarter and obviously that was a bit of a margin drag in the quarter. Regarding your question comparing us to other companies in terms of our ability to equalize revenue and -- revenue and earnings FX impacts, I can’t speak to what other companies are or aren’t doing. What I can tell you is, number one, we do hedge transaction out several months. It varies from country to country based on what’s economic. As you know in developing and emerging markets the hedges tend to get expensive when you go out more than a couple of months. So make good economic decisions in that regard. Number two, I suspect the difference between us and most of our peer set is more of our costs are likely localized, because we do produce in so many countries. Our products don’t ship as well as in particular HPC type companies. So I suspect that maybe the difference. But I don’t know that for a fact because I haven’t studied their cost structures that closely.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, pre-buys. Yes, we don’t see a lot of evidence of that. Two things obviously work in our favor in that regard. One is just the fact that our products don’t tend to last as long as perhaps other packaged goods companies products. The stale off factor matters. So it’s difficult for people to pre-buy very far in advance for a lot of our products. That combined with the DSP system enables us to manage that. So we didn’t see, we don’t think a big impact from that perspective. Frito-Lay, obviously we did see good performance in the quarter. We expect continued momentum out of Frito-Lay. In terms of the impact of gas prices, I think what we see happening is consistent with what we’ve seen in the past which is -- it takes a number of months before the consumer fully spends back the so called benefit from lower gas prices. I think you're going to see that over the course of six months to eight months rather than an immediate change in consumer behavior. It just sort of assimilates over time. I am optimistic from the perspective that consumers right now, their personal balance sheets are pretty healthy. Most consumers have de-levered pretty well. So as a result of that I do think that money will make its way back into the marketplace, and as a Company that sells of more than a small amount of product through G stores and C stores, I think we’ll benefit from it.
