Hugh Johnston: Obviously we’re getting into a fair amount of detail and in a global P&L it's a little bit difficult to parse all of that. No doubt they were all contributing factors, we clearly did have some pricing in excess of inflation for the quarter but we also got more than our share of the $900 million of productivity in the quarter and that was flowing through as well. Instead of breaking the specific pieces down what we really try to do is just give you guidance on what we expect the outputs to be and at least give you a sense for the difference between what’s happening in gross margin and what’s happening in operating margin. What I would just say is at both price in excess of commodity as well as productivity, we’re significant contributors to that margin expansion. 
Hugh Johnston: Yeah. So, Ali, I guess, what I would say is this, as Indra mentioned in her opening remarks, we are basically trying to do two things. Number one, we want to make sure that we ensure our competitiveness, and that’s something that we think is important for the long-term of the business. At the same time, we do think that this is a – it’s a good business, it’s a business that generates a lot of cash flow, and obviously, we are looking for it to generate profit growth as it did in Q1 with PAB delivering 4% profit growth, which is certainly a positive, I think in the industry. The balancing act that we are ultimately going to manage to is ensuring that within the categories we are being smart about how we manage each of the categories, where we choose to gain share, where we choose to hold share. The second thing that we are going to be doing is we will be playing a price package game to ensure that we do look to across the package portfolio to get price realization, where we can, and in that vein one of the things that you know we are doing this year is what we have called our hybrid EDD, which is to try to balance out holiday and non-holiday pricing to try to send the message to consumers that not to buy only when the product is deeply discounted. And then obviously the last decision that we have made is a decision to invest in research and development to address some of the core dissatisfiers with some of the products with the belief that innovation is the way really to create sustainable value in the category. And I think that’s what we are looking to do in the North American beverage space, and we think it’s a successful strategy. 
Hugh Johnston: Yeah. So, I think a couple of things to keep in mind on that, Dara. The first and probably the biggest factor is the world’s certainly a volatile place. And as we look forward into the balance of the year, we are certainly thinking about our guidance in the context of the world being a volatile place and at the same time ensuring that we deliver our guidance through thick and think in terms of the challenges that we might face.  The second piece to consider is given that we have seen some success in terms of moving the top-line with investments that we have made in the business we’re only going to do things that we view as creating sustainable shareholder value but to the degree that there are opportunities to invest in the business to create sustainable shareholder value. We’re obviously going to be looking towards doing that as well. And then the last piece I talked about core division operating profit growth of 7% for the quarter and core division operating profit growth of 6% for the year. So that’s about a one point gap and frankly with the timing of the A&M expenses, with the timing of commodities that gap isn't so large that just sort of the general quarterly movements in those expenses would move the number from a 7 through a 6 in a relatively undisruptive way. So that’s basically how we get there and hopefully that gives you a little bit of a sense of the context as to how we are thinking about it as well. 
Hugh Johnston: Yeah, if I can add just particularly to the convenience store please as well. I mean, as Indra mentioned, that the weather lapped in convenience is particularly challenging for beverages. I mean, we had a particularly warm winter last year lapping that now with a really long extended winter. That’s just going to have a more natural effect on beverages than it will on the snacks business. And I think the divergence that you are referring to can be more attributed to that than it can be to anything else. It’s also indicated in the overall performance of the convenience channel, which was down obviously in the first quarter. And as Indra mentioned, we expect the full year that channel to be up 3.5%, 4%. So, we don’t normally like to use weather as much of a conversation piece, but I think in this case, because it’s just so historic and it does have such a significant impact on that channel in that particular set of businesses, it is a relevant factor. 
Indra Nooyi: In the last call I think we talked about Q1 always being sort of a funny quarter because all the weather related impacts hit us on Q1. So it's very hard to read the year from Q1 alone but having said that let me tell you that we look very carefully at this trade-off between volume, pricing and profit, we look at it constantly and we began the year saying we’ve got to take pricing and we’ve got to stick with it because this is a category where you got to behave in a very responsible and a consistent way so that you don’t destroy value in a business that requires reinvention that’s way we approached it. We saw some interesting pricing activity in the first five or six weeks of the quarter and at the second half of the quarter we started to put in the right actions on pricing, very granular, very targeted still with an eye towards profitability to make sure that we balance volume, revenue and profitability very carefully and if we look at the last six weeks or the last nine weeks the performance is very different. So believe me John, your point is exceedingly well taken, we’re threading this thing very, very carefully but at the end of the day I think this industry requires responsible behavior and we’re going to try to make sure that we play this carbs, non-carbs portfolio very carefully while getting ready for this reinvention of carbonated soft drinks. So we will continue to play this game where we don’t allow volume declines for the balance of the year to be at the magnitude of the first quarter. 
Indra Nooyi: Judy, emerging and developing market have been growing robustly from a GDP perspective and the differential between developed markets and emerging and developing markets tend to be about between three and six points in terms of GDP growth. So if you look across the world, emerging, developing markets have robust growth. That’s the macroeconomic factor. Over the past five or six years, as you well know we have been investing to shift our portfolio to be more balanced between emerging and developing markets and developed markets because prior to 2006 we tended to be more of a developed market predominantly U.S based company. So the last six years we have been working very hard to diversify the portfolio. So what you’re beginning to see right now is a result of all those investments beginning to pay off bit by bit. When you first make the investments it is dilutive to profitability but you have to make those investments between M&A and organic investments we had to do it. Now, bit by bit, as developed markets don’t grow as robustly as it did pre-2005, and as the developing and emerging market investments start to payoff, the combination is beginning to yield results. Now, if you are asking for projection, I mean, that’s very hard to give you a projection, all that I tell you is the overall PepsiCo algorithm works, because we have this nice mix of developed and developing and emerging markets, and as margin improves in those markets and developed markets also continued to grow the overall portfolio works, the overall financial profile works. 
Indra Nooyi: And Ali, the other thing as we talked in our earnings call, it’s interesting because the North American beverages we participate in every sub-segment of the North American beverage business. So, we have to be careful that we don’t take too much – take pricing down too much in one category and source from a more profitable part of the other sub-category. So, we have to make sure we play this overall category game very, very carefully. And because we have owned the operating businesses around the world in snacks, we are very, very cognizant of how you play the game in a big operating business. It’s very different from playing the game in a franchise business, and we have volumes of learning’s from around the world from our various operating businesses. And I think we are borrowing a page from that playbook to participate in this NAB, in the North American Beverage business. 
Indra Nooyi: So organic growth pretty much in every one of those markets was strong and we talked about it in our earnings. China, volume grew organic revenue grew, if you look at the UK, you look at Russia; you look at every country pretty much across the board we had organic revenue growth whether it was developed or developing. I don’t think there was any country around the world they will wear. We did not have some organic growth. So we feel good about the growth rates even though many of these international markets were just two months. India grew 9%, Egypt grew 20%, Saudi grew 21%, Pakistan grew 37%. I could go on and on but every one of these grew mid-single digits or even in the 20s or 30s. So good revenue performance across the board. The first quarter is a two months quarter, it's a lowest, it's the smallest quarter in the year and so the cost and the profits are not fully balanced. So what I would say to you is that we had very good growth margins in EMEA for example we had 438 gross margin basis point improvement in gross margins but it's a small quarter, so let’s wait and see how that evolves through the year but all that I tell you is that Latin America, EMEA doing well margins expanding profit going well, Russia doing well. Western Europe, we’re going to watch and wait and see what happens to the macroeconomic environment and North America we have talked enough about it. So overall I would say it's a good outlook for our developing and emerging markets. 
Indra Nooyi: Actually Gatorade and Tropicana had very good quarters and sequentially the performance is sustaining itself. Again as you well know and Gatorade we’re playing sports nutrition game between Gatorade Juice, Gatorade Hydration and Gatorade Recover and as a system that business is doing well. We are staying very true to our premium sports nutrition positioning and we continue to play the games that way. We’re beginning to gain share and sports nutrition even though we had low priced competition come in with really aggressive pricing. We held our ground and we’re beginning to gain shares. So we feel very good about our sports nutrition strategy. In the case of Tropicana between Tropicana Trop 50, name of the Tropicana franchise also includes Naked, but let me just speak to Tropicana. Again, coming out of the first part of Q1, going to the second part, and now going into Q2, we are beginning to gain share in the chilled juice category, just a lot of great advertising, incredible execution focus in all of our traditional strongholds. And we are seeing impressive performance gains in Tropicana. And just look for us to grow the Naked franchise, it’s continued to bring innovation into the Tropicana franchise and the launch of Tropicana Farmstand, which is our fruit and vegetable product is also doing very, very well. So, continued to look for innovation from Tropicana, we feel good about tailwinds of those categories, because they are more in the nutrition space coupled with the fact that our brands are very strong. 
Indra Nooyi: Well, Frito-Lay has always had the convenience store as a very, very strong go to market outlet and continues to be that way. Frito had terrific performance in Q1 and to get to that level of detail on how individual store planograms are working on. My suggestion is that at some point if you want to visit Frito-Lay and get a better sense of what they are doing in these stores we invite you to do that. 
Indra Nooyi: I made that comment a couple of years ago when pricing was crazy but I would say that it's become rational. I would say in burst it becomes irrational and I think if we continue to focus just on volume and mainly on volume I’m talking mostly about beverages. If we only focus on volume growth it does lead to some irrational pricing especially when quarters have to end or when people are trying to make some volume number just to report something good. I think in this LRB category in particular it's very, very important. We thread volume and value very carefully. It's a big profitable category and we run the risk of sucking the profits out if we don’t play this game responsibly. So that’s the tact we have chosen to take and I hope that how the industry gets played out. We see burst of responsible behavior then at times we see action that we can’t even explain but I guess this is part of free markets and competition so we will keep playing this. 
Indra Nooyi: Actually that’s a very insightful observation because I think every company needs, if you go back to road share metrics that Boston Consulting came up with I think in the 60s or 70s, you’re really talking about how you have some cash cows to go off and invest in big broad stars and that’s how we all have to play the portfolio because a portfolio complete comprised of growth vehicles. You can’t sustain in the investment. You do need some cash cows to be able to invest in growth engines. Having said that I think that mature low growth businesses especially if they are big and have consumer appeal and also right to reinvention and I think it's very important that established players reinvent their categories as opposed to allowing others to reinvent it and push them out and there are examples, many, many examples of big companies especially companies based here in the U.S. that did not reinvent their categories. So I think we adopt today behave responsibly, generate the cash in the North American business, grow responsibly and wait for international growth but reinvent North America simultaneously, which is why we have stepped up all our R&D investments in sweeteners, flavoring agents, new processing technologies. Unfortunately, the timing is a bit off, because R&D projects don’t result in major breakthroughs in the same timeframe with which you can manage responsibly. So, you got to give it little bit more time to yield results. So, you are absolutely right in saying you have got to play the overall portfolio carefully. And what I feel good about the PepsiCo portfolio, we have a very good mix of growth businesses, businesses that generate cash and good returns to keep funding this growth. And I think our portfolio is so well-balanced in terms of snacks, beverages, geographic mix, different growth rates, that we are able to manage it sensibly and deliver the kind of profits that I think this portfolio is capable of generating well into the future. 
Indra Nooyi: Thank you all. In closing, I just like to say that we are pleased with the way we are navigating through an uncertain and volatile environment. We have taken all the steps necessary to strengthen and position ourselves for sustainable long-term growth. I think the first quarter of 2013 is an excellent example of how well constructed and developed portfolio coupled with disciplined execution and reinvestment can drive high-quality top and bottom line results. So, I thank you for your time and for the confidence you have placed in us with your investment. Have a great day. 
