Ramon Laguarta: Great. Good morning, Bryan. This is Ramon. Listen, let me step back for a minute and talk about the last few years and then how next year fits into that. So the last few years we've seen a double-digit growth, top line in the business consistently. So I think it's at 11 CAGR and a 14% or double-digit EPS growth consistently as well. So three very good years. Now we see a -- in ‘24 we see a normalization of the categories, a normalization of the cost, normalization of inflation. So we see everything trending back to our long-term algorithm. Now, we guide it to upper end of the -- both top line and bottom line at the previous earnings call. We maintain the top line at the upper end for the EPS and we move back to at least four for the top line and there's a few factors that I think are material. One, is the Quaker recall. We had a food safety incident in our Quaker supply chain in the U.S., which has impacted us in November, December, and it will continue to impact us, I think for the -- at least for the first-half of the year until we recover our supply chain to normality. We're also seeing some geopolitical events around the world that are impacting some of our markets, which might potentially continue in the first-half of next year. And then the third element is we're seeing a bit of a slowdown in the U.S. both the food category and the beverage category in the Q4. Part of that is slowdown due to pricing and disposable income situation. Part of that is also pivoting between in-home consumption and away-from-home consumption that we're seeing in our business in the U.S. We think that, that might continue in next year, so that's why we're lowering our guidance. We feel good about the consumer in ‘24 in the U.S. We feel good in the sense of very low unemployment, we feel good about the fact that we think wages will go higher than inflation next year. And we hope that by the summer interest rates will go down and that will create another source of oxygen for this possible incoming household. So we feel good about the consumer in the U.S., but if you think about those three elements, we decided to have at least four as the guidance for the top line.
Ramon Laguarta: Great, Lauren. I think it's a great question. Just to summarize, we're seeing the Frito business going back to profitable volume growth in ‘24. So that's how we're thinking about the business. If you think about the slowdown in Q4 and you link it to the elements that I was referring to, there is a units versus volume dynamic in the Frito business that is quite relevant. As you see consumption moving from in-home to away-from-home, the portion size is meaningfully different. So we're seeing growth in convenience stores, we're seeing growth in away-from-home in, you know, like 2 times to 3 times the retail growth, but obviously has an implication on volume. As we look at the ‘24, we have a very strong commercial plan for Frito. We have our core brands very well invested. You saw that in ‘23 we increased our A&M meaningfully. We're planning to do that as well in ‘24. So Lays has a big increase in A&M. Doritos has a big increase in A&M. All our permissible portfolio which -- if you think about a combination of SunChips, PopCorners, the whole Simply Line, Smart Foods, that part of the portfolio is growing almost 3 times the average of Frito. So we're putting a lot of emphasis on that particular part of the portfolio to make sure that it has -- is well executed in the store and now the supply chain is back to 100%, we're going to push that part of the portfolio even more aggressively. So we think that Frito will have a continuation of the share of market gains that it's been having for the last couple of years and we expect the category will rebound as well. Part of that because of what we'll do with our brands, which obviously have a lot of weight in the overall category, but also the fact that we think consumers will continue to feel better throughout the year, and that will recover the fleet of a topline with a more balanced, profitable volume growth and pricing versus what we've seen this year.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. So, yes, listen, I would say we don't contemplate at this point any of the structural changes to our business. We continue to think that operating the business has advantages for us in terms of speed of execution and some other elements that as we see where the business is growing in e-commerce, away-from-home and some other channels of the future including direct-to-consumer. Within that, that's going to create an advantage for us. Now we've been making progress at a good pace in our margin improvement. If you think about the last three years, the net revenue for PBNA has grown over $5 billion, and the operating profit has grown a billion dollars. Core operating margin has expanded more than 150 bps. So we see the last few years a good improvement in the PBNA business. We think this will continue in the coming years, actually ‘24, that's the first step. We are optimizing the portfolio. We're eliminating parts of the portfolio that were less profitable. We've referred to bottled water. We've referred to some multi-serve parts of the portfolio that were not that profitable. We continue to optimize our efficiency of our supply chain. We're digitalizing our supply chain. We continue to extract, you know, eliminate waste from that. We continue to work on global business services that reduces the G&A. We're also optimizing A&M, trying to get to higher ROI on A&M and our trade investments. So we continue to think that optimizing all those elements in the different parts of the P&L will continue to drive a sustainable margin improvement, whilst we remain very competitive in the marketplace. And that's the balance that we're trying to strike with this business. So far we feel good. The business grew with the rest of the category. If you take everything that is in our system, grew in line with the category and we increased the operating margin. So that's how we're thinking at this point about the PBNA business and with a long-term perspective obviously in how we will achieve those two elements of growing with the category and increasing the margins.
Ramon Laguarta: No, listen, I'll start and maybe Jamie can add to this. The -- listen, the international opportunity continues to be by the most remarkable and exciting opportunity that we have as a company. As you're saying our international business is very scaled now. It's almost $40 billion between beverages and snacks. So that's, if you compare it to some of the consumer goods companies, it's much bigger than many of the consumer goods companies globally. So clearly a big opportunity, and we have just scratched the surface when you think about the per capita consumption that we have in many markets and the opportunity we have ahead of us. So here's your point you're right. As we scale it, some of those businesses are becoming more profitable and obviously you start the virtuous circle of scale, reinvestment, margin expansion, and getting to a much more profitable and advantage businesses across many markets. So this year is not going to be a different one. So ‘24, we continue to think that international will grow faster than the U.S. business. We're seeing good momentum as we start the year in many of our international businesses. Our position is of investment in those markets, so we're going aggressively with productivity and reinvestment for growth, reinvestment in the brands, reinvestments in systems, in capabilities that continue to drive the per caps and our share of market position. So you should think about our international business as a big opportunity for PepsiCo. And with regards to the Argentina situation, it's, yes, we've already taken that hyper accounting and you shouldn't expect any material impact on organic sales growth.
Ramon Laguarta: Hi there. Good, listen, we feel good about the overall portfolio of PBNA. You know, we manage the business as a full LRB business, not as a CSD or any particular subcategory. We're looking at, you know, the full portfolio and how it's always everywhere for consumers from the morning to the night in all the multiple locations. We continue to believe that we have an advantage portfolio. If you think about our positions in sports and hydration, our positions in coffee, tea, now the portfolio we have in energy, and our CSD position as well. So we continue to manage as a full LRB. Now, if you think about our priorities for the year, relaunch of Pepsi brand with a new image with focus on Zero. Zero has been growing very fast and continues to be an advantage proposition for us. We are putting a lot of additional investment in Mountain Dew, and we're launching Baja Blast as a permanent SKU. Baja Blast has been a success as an LTO, a limited time offer. For many years now, we're launching it. We're using the Super Bowl as a platform this weekend to launch Baja Blast. We continue to build a position in Lemon Lime with Starry. Starry, it's been a good first year. I think we had -- we're over indexing with Gen Z. We see the brand getting some good repeat. You will see also an investment around Super Bowl and continue during the year. So that's our CSD portfolio. We feel very good about Gatorade. Gatorade is, we're moving from historically a liquid for high performing athletes to an ecosystem of solutions in hydration and fuel for every type of active person. And we've seen a lot of traction. It's not only Gatorade per se, but it's Gatorlyte, it's GFit, it's Propel, it's Muscle Milk, all under one umbrella. And it's not only liquid solutions, it's powders, it's tablets, it's equipment, personalized equipment, bottles, and others. And now we're launching around the Super Bowl Gatorade ID, which is also an ecosystem of loyalty and I would say personalization for our consumers that will bring even more attention to the brand and more loyalty with younger consumers. On energy, we're very happy with our portfolio. Obviously the Starbucks coffee energy on one side, Rockstar, and obviously our collaboration with CELSIUS, which has been a great success, and it provides scale to our go-to-market and kind of a point of entry as well with some of our customers. And then our tea business continues to very well with Pure Leaf and our Starbucks collaboration now moving more into beyond coffee, I would say more refreshers and some other innovation that Starbucks is developing for their cafes and we bring it to ready to drink. So I think we have a beautiful portfolio. We continue to grow in retail and we're putting a lot of focus in away-from-home as we're seeing that the away-from-home channel is getting much more traffic as people go back to normal mobility and that will be a focus for us going forward. This year we think we'll continue to grow above the market and continue to gain share in what is a very profitable and high growth channel. So this is how we're thinking about the business there. Hopefully it gives you a good sense of the intentionality, how we're thinking about the broad portfolio and our willingness to compete with innovation, with brand investment and with great execution.
Ramon Laguarta: The current assumption is what I said. We think that the consumer will continue to improve in its confidence and its disposable income throughout the year. And that's the ongoing assumption. We have a very strong productivity program in the company, which gives us the fuel for investment, and it gives us also a lot of flexibility to manage a potential different consumer reality. But at this point, we think this is the ongoing assumption who will invest in our brands, who will invest in our innovation. And now that supply chain is in a very good place, compared to what it was a couple of years ago, even last year, we can rely on the tools that we're very good at, which is brand building, innovation, execution, distribution increases, strong commercial programs with our partners, and that's where we think we'll drive the growth of our top line here.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, I mean, it's a great question. The energy category continues to grow, as you see, above the LRB category. So continues to expand into new consumers and new consumer locations, which obviously creates growth for everyone that participates in the category. So we participate, as always said, with multiple vectors. We're proud of our Starbucks partnership and some of the products we offer, double shots, triple shots. We're proud of the Rockstar brand. Rockstar has been growing with the category. More or less, there are some parts of the country where it's well distributed and well preferred. Other parts of the country we're trying to get consumer penetration and consumer adoption. The areas where we've been successful with Rockstar, which we will double down, are the zero and are the recover parts of the portfolio. Both of them, if you think is energy with functionality and where we think our R&D can create advantage. So we're pushing those two platforms, Rockstar Zero and Rockstar Recover, and that will continue to be the focus of the brand. We've also been focusing on Hispanic consumer, and that also we've seen an increase in the penetration of the brand with Hispanic population, with Hispanic consumers will continue to drive that commercial activity. But we see this as a portfolio of solutions, including sales use and how the combined portfolio creates a very good point of execution for us, multi-brand, it gives us an entry into convenience stores and some other points of sale away-from-home and will continue to drive the portfolio as the unit of execution.
Ramon Laguarta: I forgot, maybe I can say. The other thing we're doing with Rockstar, which we don't talk a lot about it, it's an important part of our growth, is we're launching Rockstar internationally in many markets around the world, from Asia to Europe to parts of Latin America, and we're having good success, again, as a portfolio of solutions that complements our Sting brand that we have in Asia or some other brands that we have in Europe as well.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, and listen, with regards to the customer, I think we're all trying to build win-win plans in the sense that we grow the business and we create profit growth for both our customers and ourselves. We normally -- we have always the consumer at the center, so it will be a combination of we generate growth through, as I said, innovation, and we have a few big innovations and brand relaunches this year. We'll put a lot of investment there together with our customers. We'll continue to try to expand our SKUs with the customers and there will be investments there. And there will be some investments in trying to give more value to consumers in a very holistic way, right? Through back priced, through promotions, through consumer events that eventually will drive preference for our brands. But that's the way we're thinking about creating this joint business planning with our large customers that create growth for the category, growth for our customers, and growth for us. With regards to away-from-home, sorry I forgot Andrea. The away-from-home we see it as an and, not as an or, we see it as an opportunity for us to continue to be in consumers’ lives always everywhere. And as consumers pivot away-from-home, we'll try to be there for them. It's been an area of investment for us, both in distribution and specific solutions for away-from-home for quite some time. And we're seeing our businesses in the large markets growing above the market in away-from-home. So clearly, this will be an opportunity for us for many years to come. And I think we're getting better at mixology. We're getting better at more food experiences, walking tacos, Doritos loaded. We're testing food trucks. We're testing many things that will make our brands available to consumers in the beyond what is a package bag or a can or a bottle. Now I think consumers are expecting from us away-from-home a much more holistic experience and that's what we're working on and I think we're making good progress.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, listen, we're happy with the collaboration with CELSIUS and that continues to be a part of our growth strategy. You know, there is an opportunity for us to collaborate in the international expansion as well. At this point it's not, I would say, a scaled opportunity. It's a market-by-market opportunity and very particular market. So yes, we are contemplating that as an option and we are having conversations with CELSIUS how we can leverage the PepsiCo system for a bigger expansion. Nothing short-term I would say at this point.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, so as you point out, selling and distribution is the biggest part of that. The A part is less so. And it's going to be a reflection of what you see is: one, you've got market mixed or sector mixed components in there. We've driven a lot of productivity in our OpEx, but at the same time, we're investing in OpEx to drive distribution and growth in the business.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, I think you should be thinking about we want to grow units next year. We will see profitable volume growth next year. And you'll see a more balance between pricing and volume that you have seen in previous years, obviously we had to cover a huge commodity increase and OpEx increase. As commodities kind of normalize and OpEx inflation normalizes, that lever will be less necessary outside of what has been a normal pricing levels of our category in the 2% to 3%. So you should be thinking about profitable volume growth and more of a normalized pricing, compared to what it was in the ‘18, ‘19 timeframes.
Ramon Laguarta: That's great, good point. Obviously in absolute terms, we have much more A&M. So I think we have increased, last year was $500 million. And if you think about a longer timeframe, a meaningful over $1 billion increase in absolute A&M. So that's absolute dollars that go against our business. We're thinking about continuing that trend, continuing to support both our large brands across multiple markets and then smaller brands where we take the portfolio into the future. So that should be a composition of our A&M. Now, when you look at the last few years, you should bear in mind we stopped advertising in Russia, which was a meaningful market for us. So that is reflected in our absolute numbers or relative numbers. So that you should contemplate that. But as a, you know, if you think about where and how we're going to create demand in the future, you should be thinking about A&M continue to increase. Obviously, we'll look at ways to optimize A&M, and we have very strong measures on ROI and best ways to invest in our brands, but you should be thinking about as a company that continues to build brands, continues to innovate, continues to create value through investment in consumer. And obviously we also create a lot of demand through our push model to some of the questions that were asked before. You should be thinking about our selling and distribution costs not only as a cost, but also as a way for us to execute very granularly across millions and millions of point of sale around the world where we reach the final point of sale and we create, I would say visibility for our brands and impulse for our brands, which are relevant if you think about the categories where we compete.
Ramon Laguarta: Great. So thank you, everybody. I'm glad everybody's happy that Jamie is back and I see a lot of bonding. Great, but obviously thank you for the confidence that you've placed in our investment and we look forward to seeing many of you at Cagny in a couple of weeks and having a longer conversation there. Thank you very much.
Jamie Caulfield: Yes, and I'd add just to remind you, 40% of our business is now international. So, you know, the U.S. is significant, but we've got a big business outside the U.S.
Jamie Caulfield: Hey, Rob, it's Jamie. Yes, that is a practice we comment on the basket of inputs. We don't comment on specific commodity movement, but you're absolutely correct that we do expect commodity inflation to moderate from what we had in ‘23.
Jamie Caulfield: Yes, so on the organic sales growth, first of all, Andrea, it's great to hear your voice again and look forward to interacting as we go forward. Organic sales growth cadence, I'd say back half, stronger than the first-half as we talked about before. We've got the impact of the Quaker recall is going to be front half loaded. The laps get easier as we get into the back half of the year. And then some of these consumer pressures that have existed with elimination of stimulus benefits, resumption of student loan payments. We'll lap those as we get into the year.
Jamie Caulfield: Yes. So, on Gatorade, we're 90% through on the transition. Obviously, that move is positive to the financial results overall. That's what we did is to enhance performance and we're happy with the margins we have on that business. On CELSIUS, the way that works is we're sharing the system revenue with CELSIUS.
Jamie Caulfield: One other thing, Chris, that you should be mindful of is, you know, we do have a big direct store delivery business, so we've had inflation in various things like labor and so forth, and that's what's gone up. A&M has gone up as well, which is also kind of all part of that SG&A bucket. We've made numerous capability investments in there as well. So it's all of the above. I wouldn't hone in just on the distribution costs, which I know you focus on from the 10-K. There's a lot of buckets that go in that are far deeper that we can't get into for competitive reasons.
Jamie Caulfield: Yes, so clearly cashflow continues to be a priority. I focus on CapEx and we've been very intentional about the levels of capital we've invested in the business. Part of that was to catch up on capacity. We're currently in the midst of big investments in IT and digitalization. But over time, I think you'll see the level of CapEx as a percent of sales begin to trend down and that will help with the cash flow conversion.
