Ramon Laguarta: Yes, good morning, Bonnie. Yes, this Ramon. Listen, the advertising levels, I don't think we are maximized on -- [technical difficulty] in the investments. What we think is that the A&M line has opportunities for optimization, especially in what we call, Non-working, and we're working hard on optimizing that part. And obviously, we're working on optimizing the return on investment on the advertising part of the media that impacts the consumer. One of the decisions we took this year was, and if you look at Frito-Lay, for example, or some of our international business, we actually increased our A&M. And the reason for that is that within the formula for success of our portfolio we have to have our large brands growing at a decent pace, at the market level hopefully, and for that we need to keep them modernized, we have to keep innovating on those large brands. But also, we need to invest in the growth spaces of the category where sometimes we need to create new brands. And that requires a well-funded, a kind of support package to get those brands up and running. For example, if you think about the Frito portfolio, obviously we want to grow our Cheetos, Doritos, Tostitos, Lay's, Ruffles at a very good pace, and I think we're doing that. But at the same time we need to build healthier portfolios, some brands like Off the Eaten Path or Smartfoods or PopCorners or Bayer, all those brands need to grow to have a portfolio in the future, the same with our beverage portfolio, with Bubly or with some of the smaller brands we're creating. So, that's how we're thinking about our A&M optimization, obviously on the non-working, get the maximum ROI on the working part but ensure that we can support both the large brands and the smaller future brands in a way that we have a sustainable growth for the future.
Ramon Laguarta: Great. Okay, Hugh, you want to take the first part, on the how we're thinking about the short-term, long-term, and in our algorithm.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, Dara. And so, that's -- we're thinking about, obviously, maximizing the short-term, but not at the expense of the long-term. And I think it's -- and to start a year thinking about our long-term algorithm is a good way to start focusing the company on a sustainable performance for many years. So that's how we're thinking about it. Then with regards to the marketing ROI, listen, we're getting much better at measuring the ROI in our marketing spends. And we think that -- actually we're, based on this measurement, we're getting much better at the ROI delivery of our investments. We're putting tools, and we're putting kind of performance metrics to our marketing teams. In particular, where you were saying about Frito, Frito has a very low level of advertising, I mean full A&M actually below 4% for a brand -- for a business that has so many multiple brands and has so much growth potential if you think about the share of macro-snacks that we have. So, I would think that if you think about the levers of growth for Frito in the future, I think A&M and an increased A&M should be part of it. As we think about our push model, it's pretty optimized with our DSD execution capabilities. I think on the pull side, we have opportunities probably to maximize the frequency and to maximize the other consumer connection with our brands and Frito versus what we do with other -- with some other parts of our business. So that's how we'll be thinking about the A&M investments at Frito.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Thank you, Lauren, and yes, a good question. Listen, let's talk first about Bang quickly. We're surprised by this move by VPX and especially given that, it was a very good performance value PBNA on the distribution metrics, but at the end of the day, we plan to continue to be in the distributor of Bang until October 23. And we're going to do our best to make that brand well distributed in the marketplace, but the core of our energy study was never Bang it's a distribution cherry on top. It was obviously what we could do with our brands after the acquisition of Rockstar kind of free adapt from some of the contractual obligations we had. So, the first pillar is obviously Rockstar. Rockstar re-launch both in the U.S. and its expansion internationally as of our core energy kind of mainstream proposition. I would say the integration of Rockstar into our supply chain is starting to happen. It's going to be a bit of a process until we got all the formulations and everything into our system, but obviously that's going to make it a better supply chain in itself. From the consumer point of view we are -- you saw we're planning to invest in the brand. I think we found a consumer space where it's going to be a bit quite differentiated and then were you are improving the formulas and we're improving the building different propositions for multiple spaces in that kind of mainstream energy. At the same time, you will be seeing shortly some announcements on Mountain Dew launch in the spring time. This is going to be the first big move for Mountain Dew into the energy space. We're very happy with the way the product concept, the support package and the support we're getting from our customers in terms of the launch. So that, that there would be a good event and it will be the first move of Mountain Dew and there will be future moves as well from Mountain Dew into the energy space. Obviously, one of our big pillars in energies are Starbucks partnership, which is I think is at an all-time high in terms of their relationship and the market performance. We continue to innovate on the -- kind of coffee, energy, Triple Shot, Double Shots. And we have some good ideas that will I'm sure will make into the market shortly. So, and then we're looking at other brands in the sports area and some other kind of spaces within the energy management, energy up, energy down that I think we can have a multiple set of solutions and brands that drive consumer solutions in a space that is obviously growing and as a lot of consumer pools. So, it's important for us, as we said, both from the growth point of view and the margin expansion point of view, and we feel good about the steps we're taking brick by brick to build a solid foundation for us to play in energy over many years. So, that's pretty much long, and you will see more news from us in the coming weeks.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, great question. Yes. As you think about we're creating spaces for future growth, one of them is plant-based snacking, plant-based convenient solutions. We've seen that Beyond Meat was the right partner in terms of -- we did a lot of due diligence in terms of R&D capabilities and kind of willingness to share with us in the future. And we have high expectations for that. There should be no implication for our 2021 kind of investment or high sales is going to be still a small business for us in 2021, but we plan to be in the market within this year.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, that's great. Good question. Listen, if you think back and you see the growth opportunity for PepsiCo, we are -- you think about the large LRB category globally were about less than 10% on a $600 billion category, growing out of 4% or 5%. And pretty much the same with micro snacks, a large category, $500 billion-$600 billion globally and we are less than 10%. So, growth as the lever for the long-term value creation of these companies is clearly the number one.
Ramon Laguarta: Great, listen, let me take it first, and then, Hugh can add. I think the conversations were started about a couple of years ago was we want to make sure that we got PBNA to be a growth engine. And I think, brick-by-brick, we've been able to build kind of make sure our brands are all growth brands. And I think we're there and the latest quarter five plus growth shows that, okay, we're most of our brands are performing at a very good level, that was critical, because we thought that, there's no way to cut your costs in a way that is sustainable. So, now we have, I think good, good machine that has the right local execution capabilities, and the good brands and innovation now, we have the intentions to work obviously, on the margin expansion of PBNA. That is a priority for us, a priority for the business. We see this business long-term in mid-teens. We want to do it in a sustainable way where we keep growing with a category and expand our margins. And we have, obviously ideas on how do we be able to categories, segments of the category that are highly more profitable, how we get better at selling the right pack in the right place at the right price. So, our revenue management capabilities, we have a lot of cost opportunities in the end-to-end supply chain management, and also the way we support the business in some of our G&A expenses and a little bit of on our A&M as you mentioned, optimizations are all of that should give us the opportunities to continue to grow, add the category, and it's starting to expand the margins, this year should be a year where you see already some movement in that regard. And as I said earlier, we see this business getting into the teens margins over the long run, and without sacrificing competitive performance.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, I think listen, obviously, we all had to take a look at our supply chain, right during this year, because it's been a challenging year from the supply chain point of view, given the number of infected people that we had in our supply chain, and so on. So, simplifying our portfolios has been a solution to continue to have elevated levels of supply to our customers, which has been our focus. I think as we go forward, and consumers move back to more of a bit of more of a normal life and physical stores, continue to be a meaningful part of their shopping experience, I think consumers will go back to experimenting a little bit more. And they will be looking for innovation and smaller SKUs. So I think we're going to see a small, slow return back to a bit more complex portfolios. But I think we've all learned that maybe the tail of their portfolio was not really delivering the returns that we needed to have for every SKU that we had in the marketplace. So I think there's going to be an optimization of the portfolios, but an increasing complexity as well versus what we have today, even though the consumers will be asking for a bit more experimentation and especially in our categories, where variety is a key driver of purchase.
Ramon Laguarta: No, hold on, let me just say a few words on the Gatorade. I think Gatorade we're seeing Gatorade, clearly, growing very fast. Part of it is our innovation; especially Zero has been an amazing innovation is proud that $1 billion retail sales value already for a year, I mean, that's a meaningful sizable innovation. And we're seeing obviously people exercising more. And obviously, that's helping us drive additional consumption. As we think about the future of Gatorade, we couldn't be more excited about what we see obviously, moving into other spaces, like I said, Natural. Obviously, you mentioned energy, those could be spaces. But where we see the biggest opportunity for Gatorade is in creating more of a personalized solution for athletes, and kind of amateur athletes like most of us, and creating a much more engaged relationship where we become advisors of the athletes of their hydration needs of all their nutrition needs. And we see an opportunity to create much more of a full ecosystem of engagement with the consumer, we provide solutions, we provide products, and we provide information. And I think that's the real future of Gatorade, which is a massive brand that has so much trust from consumers, I think we can leverage that trust in providing much more than just liquid hydration.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, on the impact of the kind of the new mobility habits on snacks, I would say, we've lost a lot of high profit volume in both the convenience channel and the away from home channel. I mean, we always talk about beverages, but snacks had a pretty good impulse and away from home opportunity that we've lost and though that was high margin. On the opposite side, we're obviously seeing more consumption at home both kind of indulgence in terms of kind of at the end of the day, there's people need a break or during the day or during the day some break. And we are seeing more solo consumption, so more multi-pack small portion format. At the end probably bit of a net positive for the category. But, not massively in terms of what we are seeing across the world. Maybe a bit more developed -- in developed markets where we have more in-home consumption, maybe a more positive impact. But in developing markets where there is more of an away from home consumption, a negative impact. So, that's how -- for company those are the drivers depending on how the per capita consumption is built between in-home and out-home on the different occasions.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. I think strategically we see the beverage category trying to understand better the consumer and give the consumer what he or she needs for every occasion and with the right pack and right price. That's a hugely lever of growth for our partners -- retail partners and for us. So trying to build kind of a profitable growth along the lines of the value we create for the consumer from the particular occasion. That's a big driver of opportunity. I think we have -- we are getting at that at PD&A and globally across the world understanding the really the drivers of every occasion and what is best and what is the portion, what is the sizing, what is the -- what will drive purchasing and consumption. So, that's a strategic driver. In terms of the promotional effort, I think we simplified promotional calendars with our customers everywhere given the simplification of the supply chain that we had to do. I think we have all learnt that there is some opportunities there. But, I am sure there will be a little bit of additional promotional efforts as the world opens up again. But, I think we've all learnt that the relative price of the beverage category in some format in the U.S. even you compare to other markets around the world was very, very low. And so, I think there is a strategic journey to make this category a bit more higher valued in general terms. And that's the journey that we are all in and that will obviously drive additional value for our retail partners and for ourselves.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, I wanted to thank you all of you for your support during the year and for your investments in PepsiCo. And hopefully, everybody stay safe, and all the best to all of you. Thank you.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, I'm happy to, Ramon. Good morning, Dara. Dara, obviously that there is a lot of items that are in our P&L, we've identified the COVID cost as something we wanted to call out because it was extraordinary. There will be COVID costs and significant COVID costs still in 2021. So you really can't pull all of that to the bottom line. In addition to that, we're [pouring some] [Ph] to the A&M, as Ramon mentioned, in the snack food business and a bit in the beverage business as well. But as we [technical difficulty] given the level of uncertainty, we felt like our long-term algorithm from a revenue and profit perspective was an appropriate goal for us. And I think if we hit these numbers as we expected I think it'll be a good -- [technical difficulty].
Hugh Johnston: Yes, happy to, Ramon. Overall, our capital allocation strategy hasn't changed. We've talked about this many times. Number one, make sure that we fund the business to compete and grow. Number two is dividend. Number three is tuck-in M&A. And number four is share repurchase. One and two, obviously we've talked about in terms of our guidance. I would not expect, from the standpoint of the third one, I would not expect much in the way of M&A as we go through the course of this year and certainly nothing large. So, from that perspective, I think we have got a lot to digest right now. We're happy with where the portfolio sits. And then, last in terms of share repurchase, obviously we're trying to balance our debt rating versus our cash return to shareholders. We felt like the dividend increase was important. And at the same time, given the level of M&A that we had over the last couple of years, balancing that out with the debt rating, we made a decision that we're going to have significant share repurchase in this year. That's purely based on balancing the debt rating with our return to equity shareholder; nothing more that driving that decision.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, I am happy to take that, Ramon. Kaumil, obviously there is some pressure in commodities. We're viewing commodities as manageable right now. I'll remind you that we do forward buy on areas where we can of about -- typically about nine months ahead. But, we can't forward on everything. And obviously there is inflation in certain aspect of our cost structure. That said, the overall mix is as manageable between pricing and the balance of the P&L such that we don't expect it to be disruptive for the algorithm this year.
Hugh Johnston: Okay. Bryan, a couple of things on that, yes, it is elevated. We sort of have been running as you know about 5% of sales and now we are running a little bit north of 6%. And couple of big drivers behind it. Number one is the IT and digitalization spending that we are doing. That will be elevated for a couple of years as we sort of get through the combination of an ASP upgrade as well as a whole variety of digitalization efforts that we have going on in our supply chain and selling system. The second piece is primarily around growth capacity. And we expect that to be elevated for a couple of years. If you look at the way that we used to run the business, we ran capacity pretty close to the edge. And as we pivoted to more a growth strategy, we're taking capacity utilization down little bit to enable us to capture more of the growth opportunities that are out there. So, that's a big piece of the spend. And then, the last is productivity CapEx as we are looking at automation and looking at putting more capabilities into the plants that will yield cost savings that obviously is a big driver. So, I would say I would expect the capital spending to remain elevated for the next couple of years. And then, I would expect it to return back to our typical norms.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, I will do. Obviously, Steve, we didn't give specific cash flow guidance, but I think generally speaking, the profile of our cash flow will be similar to what you saw in 2020.
Hugh Johnston: Energy, I'm happy to, Robert in terms of being one of the impact items for PBNA quickly the energy strategy is important to us. That's broad based, it's Rockstar, it's what we might do with Mountain Dew and obviously, the contributor as well, in terms of overall PepsiCo, yes it matters but I wouldn't call it a make or break type of item for the company this year. If things don't go as well as we expect, I think we've got enough other levers that that will be fine. It's important for PBNA to be sure.
