Hugh Johnston: Thank you, Indra and good morning everyone. Turning to guidance. For the full year 2015 we expect mid-single-digit organic revenue growth, core operating margin expansion as organic topline growth and productivity should offset negative geographic mix and commodity inflation, which incorporates the impact of higher than previously expected transaction related foreign-exchange headwinds and approximately $1 billion of productivity servings.  Below the division operating profit line, we continue to expect corporate cost to be lower, a core tax rate of approximately 25% and to reduce share count. As a result, we continue to expect 7% core constant currency earnings-per-share growth in 2015.  However given the continued strength in the US dollar, we now expect foreign-exchange translation to negatively impact net revenue and core earnings-per-share growth by approximately 10 and 11 percentage points respectively based on current consensus market rates. That compares to our initial outlook of 7 percentage points for each back in February. Keep in mind that while spot rates have shown improvement we use consensus rates in calculating our expected foreign-exchange impact and consensus rates have worsened for all of our key foreign currencies, including the Russian ruble, the Brazilian real, the Canadian dollar, the Mexican peso and the British pound.  Our outlook for the year assumes continued translation of our Venezuela results at the SICAD rate of 12 Bolivars per US dollar. Should circumstances dictate use of a higher rate this would also negatively impact our US dollar results.  Taking our 2014 core EPS of $4.63 and applying our guidance and current market consensus of foreign-exchange impact implies 2015 core EPS of approximately $4.44. As you model out the second quarter, I’d ask you to consider the following: Foreign-exchange translation should have an approximate 11 point unfavorable impact on the second quarter net revenue and approximate 12 point unfavorable impact on second-quarter core EPS based on current market consensus rates and we expect a profit decline in Europe driven by the volatility associated with transaction and translation currency related headwinds.  Below the division operating profit line, net interest expense is expected to increase in the second quarter versus last year, primarily reflecting increased debt balances. And our tax rate in the second quarter is expected to be sequentially higher than the first quarter of 2015.  Finally, our stepped-up share repurchase activity will occur throughout the year but it’s expected to have a more pronounced impact in the second half of 2015.  From a cash flow perspective, we continue to expect full year free cash flow of more than $7 billion. I want to emphasize that despite the expected incremental foreign-exchange headwinds this year, our original $7 billion free cash flow target remains intact. This is the result of stringent working capital management and capital spending discipline. We’ve shortened our cash conversion cycle by over 50% since Q1 2012 and continue to manage capital spending with great efficiency, holding capital spending below 5% of sales.  We expect our capital allocation discipline to continue to drive core ROIC improvement. This is building on the steady progress we've made in ROIC over the past two years with core net ROIC up 220 basis points to 17.5% from 2012 to 2014. And we expect to return between approximately $8.5 billion and $9 billion to shareholders in 2015 through both dividends and share repurchases, again consistent with our original target.  As a reminder, our previously announced 7% dividend per share increase will commence with the June payment. This represents the 43rd consecutive year of annual dividend increases and an approximate 60% payout ratio based on 2014 core EPS. And our annualized dividends per share grew at low double-digit compound annual growth rate over the past 10 years.  To summarize, our core constant currency outlook for 2015 is unchanged from our last call and free cash flow, disciplined capital allocation and returning cash to our shareholders remain top priorities for the company.  With that operator, we will take the first question.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, happy to. Morning Bryan. Real a couple things. Number one, we do continue to localize this even more aggressively than we have in the past and obviously that helps us manage from a currency perspective which helps us manage from a free cash flow perspective. Number two, we are managing CapEx very tightly. You’ve seen us over the last few years come down from the mid-fives in terms of CapEx a percent of revenue to we’ve been operating in the low fours. And then third, we’ve managed working capital from what had previously been about 21 days down to about three days. In all condor, I still think we have more opportunity in that regard particularly on inventory and we’re going to continue to work that as quickly as we can in order to mitigate if there are further downsides. Right now we’ve given you market consensus, it’s our best guess. So definitionally that's 50:50 as to which way it’s going to do. But I do think we can continue to do more from an inventory perspective in order to continue to cover if we have further downsides from an FX perspective.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, couple of elements there, Judy. First of all, the pricing environment is quite healthy. We felt terrific about pricing in the quarter and we expect that to continue going forward. Two other drivers, obviously advertising and marketing was up a bit in that for the quarter and that’s timing of the curve. That's one of the elements. The other elements are some of the timing on spending with our Latin American bottlers that drove that number. So – but we certainly expect PAB margins to continue to grow over time as they have been.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, very briefly, it’s almost entirely driven by foreign-exchange, ex foreign exchange their commodity inflation is almost flattish.
Hugh Johnston: Mark, I would say no. It really doesn't affect us a great deal. We obviously have got to be cognizant of what’s happening with transactional ForEx. To the degree that we are experiencing that in a particular market, as Indra mentioned earlier, we are tending to price through about 75% of it. But in terms of if transactional ForEx is affecting capital that we would put in to drive productivity, it really isn't impacting us a great deal. It's not slowing down the rate because the returns on those initiatives tend to be pretty solid and we can overcome the FX impact.
Hugh Johnston: To be clear on that, I would think of the 75% as a rough modeling guideline, not an internal principle as to how we execute market by market. We vary market by market based on the opportunities in front of us.
Hugh Johnston: Okay, Steve. That’s multiple questions, but let me try to address it efficiently. Number one, you will see more pricing in Eastern Europe that will come through. To date the elasticities in Russia have been less than one. So as we put incremental pricing we will see how it looks going forward. But to date the elasticity has been less than one. So obviously that's been favorable to us. Number two, in terms of the overall FX, spot numbers are moving around so much, I actually don't pay as much attention to spot as I do to market consensus. So not clear to me, it might be a little bit favorable at this point. But I would just stay focused on the guidance that we have given you rather than trying to anticipate it, it’s awfully complex. And then the last question was around – I think that was it. Anyway, Steve, if you have another question you can give Jamie and the team a call. End of Q&A
Indra Nooyi: Dara, overall I tell you demand elasticity in these times when you’ve got high inflation and you’ve got translation FX in countries which required us to take pricing. The challenge is to balance volume and revenue and what we do in most cases is that we try to push through as much of the inflation as we can, and raw material inflation as we can through pricing. In many cases we cannot cover all of it but we try to price through about 75% of the inflation and then we manage very judiciously the revenue output and make sure that our volume decline is not significant. For example, let me take Russia. In Russia, we have pushed through a lot of pricing and we’ve managed it up with a lot of productivity also. And so our results in Russia and our business is doing very well. The real issue is yes, there is some volume drop-off but I think in these times we have to judiciously manage revenue and volume and then as the economies recover, go back to volume growth. If we don't push pricing through now, it will be very hard to push it all through later on to cover all of these costs. So at every point in time in each of these countries that’s what we do.  And in terms of ongoing FX, spots rates are slightly better than consensus. We have to watch and see how this thing evolves but in every country -- again every country is not moving exactly the same way but country by country as FX moves, especially transactional FX impacts country performance, we do take pricing at least to cover 75% of that and the rest of it we try to cover through productivity. And as far as Venezuela is concerned, I mean the footnotes in the Q will indicate exactly the impact of Venezuela and I think it will speak for itself. 
Indra Nooyi: Yes, I am going to let Hugh talk about cash flow but I will just make an overall comment. Russia, the business is doing very well, Bryan. Retail, dairy products, juice products, basic snacks, the business is doing very well. We have an excellent team in Russia, great productivity programs, putting the pricing through in very judicious ways, doing very good revenue management. I am very proud of the Russia team. And so they are managing through this volatility very well. And Venezuela, the business is doing exceedingly well in Venezuela. The issue is the currency. So let’s hear Huge now talk about what he is doing on the free cash flow to make sure that as a company we deliver on our commitment on free cash flow. Go ahead, Hugh.
Indra Nooyi: And our new operating model is also allowing us to come up with more productivity ideas across the company. That we will be working as the company against. 
Indra Nooyi: We’re not closing down Muller. The business is still running and doing well but I think it just didn’t meet our expectations and we have to go through some retooling. I know that business is alive and kicking. 
Indra Nooyi: On the ground in Russia, as Hugh just mentioned, we were localizing costs and we have a very, very good team that’s doing all the right things, productivity, taking pricing, adjusting the product lines to make sure it’s suited for Russian consumer, they’re shopping differently now. And so I’d say that on the ground in Russia, the business is doing well. And I think it’s also giving an opportunity for all companies operating in Russia to look and see how to tighten their belts and work with each other to lower each other’s cost. So except for the overall macro geopolitical issues in Russia on the ground the business in Russia looks okay. In terms of Mexico again, we’ve operated in Mexico for decades and we’ve operated through massive volatility. At this point we’re not seeing the kind of volatility at all in Mexico, we have pockets of security issues but overall Mexico is just fine. Brazil did see a slowdown, coming off the real weakening and then on top of that the graft issues happening in Brazil. Yes, we did see some turmoil in Brazil, and our business is still holding, Caroline but I’d say of the three countries that you mentioned probably in the last quarter, Brazil is where we saw some on the ground action that we’re watching very carefully at this point.
Indra Nooyi: I am going to answer two parts and I am going to turn it to Hugh on commodity inflation. And as I mentioned in my script, Ali, we talked about the billion-dollar per year for the next five years. But when we announced the billion-dollar a year for the next five years, we started working on the next round of ideas to think about even more productivity opportunities. And we will come back and talk to you about it when we are ready to talk about it but believe me once we change the operating model of the company to really look across the company as opposed to allowing each country and regions just operate independently. There are more opportunities for efficiency. So that’s what we are working on.  And in terms of the Coke refranchising its bottling operations, let’s not forget why we bought back the bottling access. We bought it back because we wanted to improve efficiency in the system and most importantly we wanted to serve our customers in a seamless way and be able to put in a lot of innovation through a bottling system which had to move from huge monolithic products to a highly segmented set of products. That original proposition has not changed. What we are seeing today is disciplined pricing in the market and from our perspective the integrated operating system is very valuable and we intend to continue to operate that way. So on commodity inflation, Hugh, quickly.
Indra Nooyi: I think there's two kinds of businesses, I said, were not core to the mission. Quaker is very core to the mission. What we were talking about is sort of the peripheral businesses we got as part of the Quaker Oaks acquisition, the Golden Grain and the Aunt Jemima. Those businesses are center of the store. They are not core to our portfolio, but today they are doing fine. They are holding their ground, sometimes even gaining share. They are generating very valuable US cash flow and these are businesses with fantastic margins. So at this point it’s more dilutive to get rid of them than to keep them. And so, what we are going to do is just manage those businesses steadily as long as they don't distract us from our core mission of growing the rest of the portfolio. That’s what we are focused on. And lastly, they also provide scale to our warehouse sales operation. So at this point just steady management of those businesses, don't distract ourselves from the core, enjoy the US cash, the good margins and that’s all we are doing.
Indra Nooyi: That’s a wonderful question, John, and I tell you something. We’ve never seen the consumer as confused as they are today. And I use the word confused in a neutral way, not a negative way. If you had asked me a few years ago people were moving to diet sodas. Now they view real sugar as Good for You. They are willing to go to organic non-GMO products even if it has high salt, high sugar, high-fat. So I think we have a challenge these days to really think about what is the definition of Good for You from a consumer perspective. And this is unprecedented and the old definition of Good for You is being challenged right now. So I think the best way to think about this is to think about the fruit and vegetable corridor, a protein corridor, a grains corridor and then sort of a predominantly carb corridor. And then within that just vary our strategy based on what the consumer is thinking about. Because especially millennials today have got very different definitions of Good for You versus Fun for You. They don't really make the definition in the difference, that they’re looking much more to ingredients. So we are also going through a little change in our thinking. The good news is whatever the segmentation is our portfolio is still balanced and we can actually flex to either definition. So, we are managing the business by watching both.
Indra Nooyi: I mean, transactional FX is what drives some of the inflation. And so they are all related. I have given you 75% of what we're doing today, it varies around that number. Sometimes we can do more, sometimes we can do less, but as a basket it's around 75%. The thing, Amit, is that globally we have been through in some country of the world hyperinflation, inflation, extraordinary inflation, geopolitical crises, we have been through that. And across PepsiCo exists a lot of playbooks on how to manage through these sorts of issues. So when we have a problem like this in a country we bring the experts in, we use one of these playbooks and then we use our extraordinary teams in these countries, then we judiciously manage through pricing, productivity, revenue management to see how best to insulate the portfolio. And I think the good news about the portfolio is that the portfolio serves as a good hedge when you have a mix of countries, mix of businesses. That’s what allows us to deliver the 7% constant currency growth, reiterate that guidance and the free cash flow guidance.
Indra Nooyi: Yes. Thank you all for your questions. And in closing I just want to say that we have taken the necessary steps to position ourselves for sustainable long-term growth. I believe we are off to a good start in 2015, and we are navigating well through an uncertain and volatile environment. And I believe the first quarter of 2015 is a good example of how a well constructed portfolio, appropriate investment and disciplined execution can drive strong constant currency top- and bottom-line results. Our first quarter results give me confidence that our plans are working and that we are on track to deliver on our financial goals in 2015. I thank you for your time this very busy morning and for the confidence you have placed in us with your investments. Have a great day.
