Hugh F. Johnston: Thank you, Indra, and good morning, everyone. Let me start by picking up on Indra's point regarding healthy financial returns. As much as we are proud of the advancement of our agendas with customers, consumers, our associates and communities, we are equally pleased with the financial gains these initiatives have contributed to our shareholders. Over the past five years, we have generated approximately $40 billion of free cash flow, excluding certain items, and returned $38 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. This cash flow has been the result of healthy organic revenue growth, margin expansion, diligent working capital management and disciplined capital allocation, including responsible reinvestment in the business to position it to remain strong and generate attractive returns far into the future. We believe 2017 will add to our track record of balanced earnings growth and strong cash generation for the company and attractive cash returns for our shareholders, which brings me to our outlook for 2017. As we set out in the release, we continue to expect organic revenue growth of at least 3%, fueled by successful product innovation and strong marketplace execution, but tempered by a cautious macro environment. Foreign exchange is now expected to negatively impact reported revenue by approximately 2 percentage points, which is an improvement of 1 point from our previous guidance based on current market consensus rates. And we continue to expect core earnings of $5.09 per share, which assumes core constant currency growth of 8%, offset by an expected 3 percentage point drag from foreign exchange translation based on current market consensus rates, which remains unchanged from our previous guidance. In terms of other key considerations and assumptions embedded in our full-year outlook, we continue to expect raw material inflation driven by both an increase in our basket of commodities and additional pressure from transaction ForEx. We continue to expect core operating margin expansion, contributed to by our productivity programs. And we continue to expect our core effective tax rate to be approximately 24%. Turning to cash flow, we expect to continue to generate strong cash flow and to exercise discipline over capital allocation, with prudent reinvestment into the business and the majority of our free cash flow, excluding certain items, to be returned to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. So for 2017, we continue to expect: approximately $10 billion in cash flow from operations; net capital spending of approximately $3 billion; approximately $7 billion in free cash flow, excluding certain items; cash dividends of approximately $4.5 billion – recall that we previously announced a 7% increase in our quarterly dividend, to begin with the June payment, and this would represent the 45th consecutive year in which we have increased our dividend; and share repurchases of approximately $2 billion. Finally, as you update your models, I'd like the highlight the following three items as they relate to the second quarter. First, we expect our rate of organic revenue growth to show sequential improvement. Second, we expect our consolidated core operating margin to contract in the quarter, due to the timing of business investments in Latin America and AMENA. And finally, we expect foreign exchange translation to be a low single-digit headwind on both reported revenue and EPS, based on current market consensus rates. With that, we're ready to take the first question.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yeah, Bryan, happy to. We typically are a user of working capital in the first quarter. If you go back, I think you'll see in most years we have generally had a couple hundred million dollar use of working capital, so same here. What are the drivers? Biggest one is we're starting to build inventory as we get into the hotter seasons, so not atypical in any regard. I think you'll see a pattern that is very, very consistent with what you've seen historically.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yeah, happy to, Dara. As you know, we saw some late in the year commodity inflation after a number of quarters of commodity deflation. When I say late in the year, I'm talking about late in the year 2016. That continued into 2017. And we expect that to continue, as we've shared before, over the course of the year. As you know, our intent is generally to price through commodity inflation. In developed markets, we generally price through 100%. In developing and emerging markets that have particularly high rates of inflation, we've tended to price through between two-thirds and three-quarters right away and then basically manage the rest of the P&L through productivity. What you saw this quarter, more than anything else, was our pricing in AMENA, in particular, was relatively light. Couple of markets driving that, the biggest one is Egypt, where we've seen particularly high inflation driven by ForEx. And our pricing is in place such that over the course of the full year, we should see margin appreciation. But in the first half of the year, we will likely see margin compression. So you'll likely see one more quarter of that, and then you'll see margin appreciation in the back half of the year. That is going to be driven, more than anything, by the fact that in the developing and emerging markets, we'll be taking more pricing to cover the commodity inflation. We do like to balance that out, as you know. We don't like to sticker shock the consumers in those markets because we want to keep them in the category. So a phased approach to pricing when we see high inflation, we found generally works best for long-term value creation.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yeah, I'll answer the third question first, Judy. It was rounding. So the revenue tipped towards 2% but earnings stayed at 3%, but they both improved directionally, just one tipped over into 2% and the other stayed at 3%. Regarding the Frito-Lay business, two big numbers to point to that I think both cover the volume and also cover the pricing question that you're asking; the two big factors regarding why volume was down in the quarter, and both are temporary in that regard, number one was the New Year's build. As Indra pointed out in her opening, New Year's fell into the 53rd week. In the previous year, it fell into Quarter 1 of the year. That cost us about 1.3 points on volume for the quarter. The second was some of the challenges that we had in the Sabra business due to some product challenges, which we're now through and have largely solved. That cost us about six-tenths of a point on volume for the quarter. Now, one of the things to keep in mind is we don't get revenue credit for Sabra because it's a 50%-50% JV. We get, obviously, volume credit and we get profit credit. By virtue of that six-tenths of a point coming out of volume but not having an impact on revenue, it probably made it appear that there was more pricing than there is. Net, I think we've got our Frito-Lay pricing in the right place for the year. And as you see the Sabra volume start to come back, you should see improved volume performance. Obviously, we'll be out of the Easter as well as the New Year's overlap, and the volume will certainly come back because of that. Those were temporary factors, so.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yeah, happy to. So for Beverages, you saw 1% revenue and 3% operating profit growth. I think you will see that strengthen slightly. And then for Frito, you saw 2% revenue and 4% operating profit growth. Again, I think you should expect to see that strengthen slightly as we get into the balance of the year. Quaker, we certainly expected to see a bit of improved performance. So, I think you'll see all the numbers lift a little bit as we get out of the first quarter and into the balance of the year.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yeah, I'm happy to handle that one, Steve. We do expect to continue to see solid pricing down in Latin America. A couple things to think about in that regard, our beverage business in Brazil is relatively small, so we are somewhat insulated from some of the commentary that they made. In addition to that, our biggest business in Latin America is Mexico, where we continue to see very strong performance, both from the beverage business and particularly in our very large snack food business. And then, last but not least, obviously, Argentina has very high rates of inflation. That does create a significant pricing benefit in our overall numbers. So I do think we'll continue to see somewhat similar results. To the degree that the pricing trends need to moderate because of certain countries, I think you'll see, as you saw last year, improved volume performance. That's been our history in Latin America is as the pricing comes down from what are visually high single-digit types of numbers, our volume does tend to pick up. So I'm comfortable with the trends. You may see a bit more balance between volume and pricing is all.
Hugh F. Johnston: Sorry. The last question was regarding Russia. Again, I think same answer there. You'll probably see less pricing. The pricing was very ForEx driven anyway. So to the degree that the Russian consumer economy continues to strengthen, and as ForEx has less of an impact, I think you'll see us take less pricing but you'll see stronger volumes, so you'll probably get a fairly similar revenue result.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yeah, I completely agree with that. And in addition to that, if you look at our pricing in North America, macro top level, it's generally in the 2s, kind of in the low 2% range. And given commodity inflation is low single digits, I think that's sustainable pricing. Now, the Frito pricing appears a little bit larger than that because of the Sabra conversation that we had earlier, because we were hit on volume and, obviously, it doesn't have an impact on us on revenue. But as that normalizes, I think you'll see Frito pricing in the 2s, I think you'll see beverage pricing in the 2s and Quaker pricing in the 2s, and I think that's a reasonable place for us to be for the long term. I think that's very consistent with what those businesses can sustain in a modest inflationary environment.
Indra K. Nooyi: Thank you, Lauren. Let me just say that, clearly, in the first part of the quarter, several things happened. One is the fact that the New Year build up into the 53rd week of 2016 and then we had the slowdown because the tax refunds were delayed. By the time we got to the end of the first quarter, the business started to pick up again. So we aren't really concerned. It's just a timing issue. I'd just say globally, our business is looking good. Let me quickly give you a snapshot of what we are seeing globally. Europe is doing very well. It's strong. The return to growth has been impressive, so we are feeling very good about Europe, across all parts of Europe. The Latin American continent, outside of Brazil, Argentina and Venezuela, is good, but Brazil, Argentina and Venezuela are causes for concern. The Middle East is retooling itself, and we have to wait for it to figure out how they're going to come out of the oil price decline. China, the GDP growth is good. Our snacks and nutrition business is doing very well, and our beverage business is slowly recovering. And India is coming out of a bold demonetization now to remonetization. There's good GDP growth and we feel good about our business prospects there, too. And as far as the U.S. is concerned, as we head into the second quarter, we don't have a reason to be worried.
Indra K. Nooyi: You know, Ali, those are all very good questions, but every one of these concerns can also be reframed as an opportunity. And that's really what we do because if PepsiCo's business is over-developed in C-stores, we look at expanding in grocery and other channels, whether it's foodservice or vending, as a bigger opportunity. And then we look to see how we can leverage our DSD system to grow our business into new categories in C-stores. And that's what has made us more valuable partners to convenience store retailers. And in terms of difficulty with impulse on online, we've built a very good e-commerce business. It's growing at impressive rates. I don't want to discuss those rates, but it's growing at impressive rates. And clearly, our challenge is to create impulse online. And we are working on tools with all of our partners to make our categories look like impulse categories online. It's a work in process, but I must tell you that our growth rates are quite impressive. And in terms of health and wellness and impacting the snacks business, look, snacks are simple pleasures of life. What we are doing is making our snacks more permissible. We're reducing the saturated fat levels. We remove trans fats. We're reducing the sodium levels. If you're going to eat a snack, eat a PepsiCo snack. And there's nothing wrong with eating a snack that's guilt-free. So our goal is to offer you a range of options from sort of fun-for-you products to guilt-free products, which include Everyday Nutrition, both in a snacking form and in a food-like form. And at this point, we are singularly focused on growing the core, expanding out of the core but making sure across the board we make them a lot more permissible. And it looks like that strategy is working at this point.
Indra K. Nooyi: Great question, Laurent. I'd say the Quaker business internationally outside the United States is doing very well. Solid growth, we are entering new markets. It's doing very, very well. In the U.S., the Quaker North America numbers that you see includes the Quaker hot cereal, which is where the Quaker brand is housed. And then all of the other businesses that go within Quaker North America, including Rice-A-Roni, Pasta Roni, Aunt Jemima, there's a whole bunch of other businesses, ready-to-eat cereals. One-third of the business is the Quaker hot cereals. And the Quaker hot cereals business, I'd say, over the past few years, has been flat to very slightly down. And the only reason why the overall portfolio looks negative is because it's center store business in grocery stores. And the overall center store category is down high single digits, sometimes even low double digits in some quarters. And so while we are outperforming the center store categories handsomely, I think our next challenge is how do we leverage our relationships with retailers to reinvent center store. And that's a conversation we've been having with some of the retailers to say how can we help you rethink the center store so that we can bring growth back to that category. And we need to do that in order to bring interest back to that whole cereal aisle and, therefore, Quaker. By itself, Quaker remains a much-loved brand and it's profitable. And our hope is that with the rejuvenation of center store, our categories grow, too.
Indra K. Nooyi: Yes. I think to talk about elasticity on a category basis is too general, Vivien. I think we look at elasticity sub-segment by sub-segment. And all the pricing we've put in place in the U.S. is very carefully looking at the elasticity curves. And we look to see what kind of pricing the consumer can adopt, what kind of volume impact it will have and what can we sustain as a portfolio. And I think that what you're seeing right now is pricing that was sensible for the first quarter. And as the year goes on, I mean, look, we put the pricing in place in Q1, or in fact, I'd say Q4 we started putting the pricing in place, and that's ticking through the year. And we modify that as we go along if we believe that we need to change our promotional calendar to accommodate the consumer trends. I don't know, Hugh, if you want to add anything.
Indra K. Nooyi: No. No change in tone of business, and I think consumer confidence continues to remain as positive as we've seen it.
Indra K. Nooyi: Thanks, Kevin. Look, at the end of the day, we oppose beverage taxes that are regressive and unfairly target one category or industry. I think, unfortunately, today's beverage taxes are more revenue generation-focused rather than health-focused. But whatever the reason be, from our perspective, we are working on two things: one, making our portfolio deliver products that are lower in sugar and a lot of zero sugar products and beverages with positive nutrition. So that's one part of our strategy, and we've been working on that for 10 years. The second part of our strategy, making sure we bolster the rest of the portfolio outside of beverages. So when taxes do come in, we can cushion the effect through managing the portfolio in a more intelligent way. And that's been our strategy over the last decade because we anticipated some of these trends early on and we started to re-tool the company for that. So at this point, let me just say that our strategy is crystal clear and we feel comfortable as to where we are headed.
Indra K. Nooyi: So let me just close by thanking you all for your questions. To summarize, we will continue to manage everything within our control to deliver attractive results in the short-term as we continue to position the business for long-term success. Thank you all for joining us this morning and, more importantly, thank you for the confidence you've placed in us with your investment. Thank you.
