Hugh Johnston: Thank you, Indra. And good morning, everyone. As Indra mentioned, we’re pleased with the financial results for the first half and we have a positive outlook for our performance for the balance of year. And so, as you saw in this morning's release, we raised our full-year core EPS target to $4.71, which incorporates the following: Underlying core constant currency growth of 9% excluding the impact of de-consolidating Venezuela, a negative 2 percentage point impact of the Venezuela deconsolidation, and a negative 4 percentage point impact from foreign exchange translation based on current market consensus. Our outlooks on the other metrics we provide remain unchanged and are set out in this morning's release. Our efforts to improve working capital continue to yield positive results. Over the past year, we've improved our working capital cash conversion cycle by more than 10 days.  For analysts on the call, as you update your models, I ask that you consider the following factors. Foreign exchange translation continues to be a headwind, more heavily skewed to Q3 than Q4. We have more difficult core constant currency operating profit growth comparisons in the second half at Frito-Lay North America. North America Beverages has particularly difficult revenue and operating profit lapse in Q3. We expect low single-digit raw material inflation including the impacts of foreign exchange translation in the second half compared to modest deflation in the first half. We will continue to invest in our business to drive sustainable long-term growth, including an expected increase in advertising and marketing expense as a percentage of sales for the full year. And finally, we will be lapping Venezuela core earnings of approximately $0.06 per share in Q3.  Taken together, we expect the balance-of-year core EPS growth to be generated entirely in the fourth quarter. And with that, operator, we’ll take the first question.
Hugh Johnston: Yeah, happy to. Good morning, Bill. A couple of comments on margins. And the short answer is, I think Frito-Lay still has lots of margin expansion left in it and can do so in a very defendable, sustainable way. Why do I say that? Number one, it's to build on the commentary that Indra just made. While we are the market leaders in premium, we are relatively underpenetrated compared to where we are in mainstream, and premium does offer very, very attractive margins, particularly as you scale it over time. So I think there's a significant margin uplift there. Number two is in the area of GES, the initiative that we've been working on for a number of years where we shorten the supply chain, deliver product to the customer and ultimately to the consumer much more quickly by going essentially direct from plant to store or going from plant to cross-dock to store. The benefit of that is we, obviously, eliminate a lot of excess cost in the system, and as we take that excess cost out, we are reinvesting some back in premium and we’re delivering some to the bottom line. To use the baseball metaphor that you used earlier, we’re really only in about the fourth or fifth inning on GES. GES has a number of years to run. And in fact, I think the GES impact on the financials are likely to be more profound in the future than they have in the past. And then, the third element to this is this whole area of smart spending. Frito-Lay has absolutely taken the ball and run with smart spending as they always do, but we’re really only right now exploiting four out of what could potentially be about 30 categories in smart spending. So I think smart spending also offers us years of runway to deliver additional productivity. So if you put all of that together, premium, plus GES plus smart spending and combine that with the fact that Frito-Lay’s strong market position gives it the ability to scale things in ways that none of its competitors can, I think we have many years of margin improvement to come and, frankly, significant margin improvement to come in Frito.
Hugh Johnston: Yeah. Happy to answer that, Dara. To me, number one, it is absolutely sustainable. We’re able to continue to drive that. Why are we able to continue to drive it? We have invested significantly in streamlining our supply chains. And remember, with PepsiCo, the supply chain doesn't just have cost in cost of goods. There's also a significant piece of it in the selling systems, which fall into SG&A. That's primarily the DSD system. We’ve got lots of room to be more efficient on that. We’re really very much in the early innings on that. Number two, we do continue to streamline the organization. And number three, smart spending is having a significant impact on our SG&A spending. So put together, the combination of making DSD more efficient, making the organization more efficient, and leveraging smart pending, you’re seeing improvements in the non-A&M portion of SG&A that are likely to continue to deliver for number of years.
Hugh Johnston: Yeah, happy to, Ali. Thank you for the question. We always start the year with a perspective on the macros and on the world that tends to be conservative. When we give guidance, our intention is always to hit it and perhaps beat it. Now that we’re halfway through the year, I think we’ve seen two things. One, the macros are operating in a consistent steady way, so there has not been a deterioration, which, obviously, is to our benefit relative to our expectations. And number two, we do see significant innovation launching in the back half of the year that we’re quite optimistic about. Some of the things you’ve seen more recently that Indra mentioned, whether it's Mountain Dew Black Label, Aquafina Sparkling, 1893, the Simply line at TOSTITOS down at Frito, or Quaker Breakfast Flats, which are doing terrifically well, and INIT coming out of Quaker as well, when you put together all of that innovation, it will have a disproportionate impact in the back half of the year, which is really our cause for optimism in the balance of year. So that's the driver behind the raise at this point.
Hugh Johnston: Yeah. Happy to jump in on your question regarding A&M, Mark. We’re actually up 80 basis points on A&M year-to-date. So happy to close the loop with you one how you’re calculating the number that you came up with. But the number is actually up 80 basis points year-to-date. We’re not going to get into A&M guidance for the full year. But given that we’re up 80 basis points year-to-date, I’d certainly expect it to be up for the year. And I think that's a reasonable expectation for you and all the investors to run with as well.
Hugh Johnston: Yeah, sure. Happy to, Judy. Let me just start with a bit of historical perspective on this because, obviously, there's lots of activity in terms of people trying to reshape their portfolios right now. Again, as a reminder, we have about a little over a quarter of our portfolio in nutrition. And then if you add in the better-for-you products, it's really – it gets upwards to almost half of our portfolio in terms of the balance that we have right now. We’re also, from a developing and emerging markets perspective, about a third exposed to developing and emerging markets. All of that as a result of transactions that we've executed really over the last decade or even more, whether it's Quaker, Gatorade, Tropicana, Naked Juice, Wimm-Bill-Dann, Izze, we've executed a variety of transactions over the last ten-plus years in order to get the portfolio into a place where it could consistently deliver performance. And frankly, that's what you've seen, is this portfolio now, regardless of economic cycle, regardless of consumer sentiment, regardless of consumer trends in chips, seems to be capable and has been capable delivering good, strong performance throughout all of those shifts. As we look at things going forward, what we’ve said is, we intend to expend something on the order of $500 million a year in tuck-in acquisitions. As those good opportunities emerge, we look at them and we look at them through two lenses. One is a strategic lens around, does it make sense relative to where we think the consumer is going, and second is, obviously, a financial lens, is this good for our shareholders. And you can count on us to continue to do that because we think that's the right way to think about M&A on a go-forward basis. I will also tell you that we look at everything. We’ve looked at everything that has transacted and probably every company that hasn't transacted. And if something transacts and we’re not a part of it, you can very reasonably assume it's because we didn't want to be. So the result of that is, we feel like we’re operating from a position of strength. We feel like we’re in a position right now where we’ll continue to look at things, we’ll do things if they make sense, but the guidance that we’ve given right now is the guidance that makes sense and that's the way we’re thinking about it going forward. Some investors talk about the notion of, sell when everyone's buying and buy when everyone’s selling, we tend to be good stewards of capital and we follow that maxim fairly closely.
Hugh Johnston: Yeah. A couple of things on that, Rob. This is Hugh. Number one, there was more pricing in CSDs than there was in non-carbs. Not a surprise on that. Number two, about half-and-half split between rate and mix. So very comfortable from that perspective. Obviously, our single strategy has been working particularly well and it's giving us what we think is sustainable mix lift [ph] benefit, with lots of runway left to go on it. So, really, the pricing environment right now, is very good. It's very healthy. We feel terrific about where pricing is in North America.
Indra Nooyi: Let's talk about the organic growth first, Bill, and then, Hugh, maybe you can chip in on the margin expansion. Look, the macro snack category is a big category. And we’re only playing in the salty snack category expanding into savory snacks. And our goal, if you go back maybe 15 years ago, and we've been consistent in this strategy, we’ve always said, grow the core, add more inch out of the core. We’ve used these words. And that’s what Frito-Lay has been doing, solidify our position in salty snacks and start to step out of the core into other savory snacks and then start to take on other occasions from the overall macro snack category. So all the work we’ve done in demand spaces says that there’s huge opportunity as the world starts to swing more and more towards a liking for savory products. So savory is in and we see amazing opportunities ahead for Frito-Lay to grow its business. Secondly, Frito-Lay has been a mainstream competitor. We haven't played as much in the premium part of the portfolio. And now, we've gotten our game together in the premium side and we’re seeing growth. As I mentioned in the script, the premium part of the portfolio grew four times faster and we’re just getting started. So we see tremendous opportunities for Frito-Lay to grow in the premium side. And I’ll make one final comment, Bill, before Hugh to talk about productivity. The great thing about Frito-Lay is that we’ve got great brands. We’ve got a great innovation capability, but we’ve got an amazing pipeline to the customer and consumer. Our DSE system is a well-oiled machine and we can keep expanding the diameter of that pipeline and it’s really our imagination in terms of what products we can innovate with to put through that pipeline. So with that, Hugh [indiscernible] talk about the margins at Frito.
Indra Nooyi: I think we should add that the way we’ve executed smart spending makes sure that we create the breathing room, but reinvest back in capabilities to keep this virtuous circle going. And that’s what’s important with our productivity programs.
Indra Nooyi: I want to add something to what Hugh said. Dara, we spend a lot of effort, time, and money on putting in an ERP system when we invested in SAP and we started that way back in 2000 and we've been doing that for the last 10 or 15 years. And putting in an ERP system takes time, takes money, and now we’re beginning to see some of the benefits from that ERP implementation. And as we complete a lot of those implementations, we’re able to take out the costs from those implementations and start to realize the benefits. So it’s streamlining the supply chain, the organization, smart spending, and now the increased leverage from the SAP investment.
Indra Nooyi: Ali, on question number two, in the foreseeable future, next several years, I see myself running PepsiCo.
Indra Nooyi: Yeah. I’ll just talk about the second and Hugh can talk about the A&M issue. Brazil, all of us have the read the news on Brazil. Brazil is going through a difficult time politically and socially. So they have to work through their issues. Mexico is actually doing well. The strength of the dollar, the increased remittances into Mexico doing well, the country actually is one of the brighter stars in the whole Latin American economy. So we feel good about our business in Mexico. Our teams are performing very well in Brazil in a very difficult environment. And I think what we’re focused on right now is stepped-up execution, making sure we have the right value equation and trying to gain share in a difficult environment and that's really what we’re focused on right now. So a tale of two cities.
Indra Nooyi: I’m going to talk about the second one. And I can also talk about the first. But I'd like Hugh to talk about this because Hugh is my right hand and left hand when it comes to disciplined capital allocation, and so I’d Hugh to talk about that. Let me talk about Diet Pepsi, Judy. You know what’s interesting? If you go and poll consumers today and read all the social media reports, there’s still trepidation about aspartame. There’s no scientific reason for that, but people are somehow worried about aspartame. And when we launched Diet Pepsi aspartame-free, it’s because there was a huge consumer need for that product. What we did not anticipate is that there is a group of consumers that absolutely loved the original Diet Pepsi. And in the cola category, in particular, because it's been optimized over years, people get incredibly fastidious about their products and don't want to have any changes. So rather than remove the aspartame-free, which is still loved by a lot of people – in fact, I tell you, when we announced that we’re bringing back the old Diet Pepsi, the few people who thought aspartame-free was going away wrote me some pretty tough emails. And so, there is a very loyal group that is thrilled that we have an aspartame-free following. So we brought back the original Diet Pepsi in addition to keeping the aspartame-free product, so we could serve all consumers with the products that they love. I think that's going to be net positive for us. Now, let me just say, the marketplace is fragmenting. Forget Pepsi or Diet Pepsi or the cola category, any new category that’s expanding is becoming niche, more fragmented. And that’s why it was important for us to own the distribution system because once you have control over the distribution system, you can pump a lot of niche products through it, all our craft products, all of those are low-volume products. So we have to learn how to handle complexity, not walk away from it. So, Hugh, talk about capital allocation and the portfolio.
Indra Nooyi: Only if it makes sense to the portfolio, Judy – or Caroline, I’m sorry. Only if it makes sense to the portfolio.
Indra Nooyi: Okay. I think, Caroline, and we talked about it in the Q1 earnings call, it is critically important that all of you change your frame of reference in the beverage market from cola to CSDs to LRBs. 30 years ago, it was colas. 25 years ago, it was CSDs. 15 years ago, it was CSDs. It's been LRB for the last decade or so. And I think the sooner we can shift our frame of reference, the better it is because just beating a category that is in secular decline, just beating that all the time is not a game to play, that's not a game that is going to guarantee good results. If we play this rich LRB game, multi-category, placing the bets where the growth is and where the consumer is going, I think we’re better off. So my request to you and all of you who are tracking the company in this category, expand your aperture. LRB is the game to play. That’s the game we’re playing and we watch LRB share very, very carefully. That’s the right strategy for any company.
Indra Nooyi: So thank you all for your questions. And in closing, I just want to say to you that we’re pleased with our results for the first half of the year. We believe we have the plans in place to deliver our targets for 2016. We appreciate the trust you’ve placed in us with your investment. We’re absolutely committed to increasing the value of your investment. Thank you.
