Hugh Johnston: Christine, great. Let me just talk a little bit about the commodity piece. Obviously, our commodity's purchase is relatively large in complexity, $10 billion with no commodity accounting for even 10% of the total. We buy an awful lot of things. Many of them have moved up. Some have moved around and down. And as I've shared in the past, we also have a very active hedging program. The net of it is there really is no change to the overall guidance of $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion. That number will likely continue to move around inside the range a bit, because we do only cover about 80% of our commodities purchases. That's the extent to which we can hedge. But we're very comfortable with the number that we have previously communicated of $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion. So that's where we are on that. Then I'll kick it over to John for the second question.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. Dara, all I'd say at this point is in total, we had about 20% at any time in the subsequent 12 months open. In terms of the balance of this year, there are certain items that we can hedge. We won't get into the details of our quantities program. So I really just leave you with the guidance of $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion in total, and I think we're very comfortable managing within that range.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, Dara, from our perspective, probably the biggest investment that we talked about is the one that we've made in Global Nutrition Group, and we talked about that being $50 million for the year. In terms of the other pieces of investment, for competitive reasons, we really don't want to get into the details of what countries we're putting it in or where it's going into. We did share that we had our PAD advertising and marketing expense up meaningfully from last year, and that should give you some sense for it. The net of it is in terms of the investments that we're making, what you should know is we're managing that inside the 7% to 8% overall guidance that we've given, and we're comfortable managing our investments within that overall guidance.
Hugh Johnston: John, let me start on this first, and if I missed anything, John and Eric can feel free to jump in on it. I'm not sure I characterize this as blase on pricing. Obviously, in the environment we're in right now, we have to look at these things very carefully. That said, as we look at the way we manage the business, we do think the appropriate way to manage the business is as we see commodity inflation, we need to take pricing in order to cover that. And we're going to do that within corridors of volume and share that we find acceptable. And if anything, in terms of leading pricing, I'd actually argue, we have been leading pricing all along. That said, we really don't pay that much attention to competition on this stuff. As Eric has articulated in the past, and certainly John's articulated, we manage the business the way we think it needs to be managed the right way in terms of the pricing/volume dynamic. And what we're really saying is we intend to take rate increases in the back half of the year.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. Here's what I'd say on that, John. We've talked about the fact that given the challenging consumer environment, we weren't going to take pricing to cover all of our inflation for the year. And in a normal year, we would expect to do that. What we're saying now is while we're still not going to take sufficient pricing to cover all of the inflation for the year. We are going to take more pricing in the balance of the year. And we think that's the right thing to do for the way that we manage the business, balancing the marketplace result with the financial result.
Hugh Johnston: And John, just to kind of close this topic off, I mean I mentioned in my opening comments that we're not satisfied with the pricing that we're getting. Given what we look at in terms of commodities, we think it's right to take more pricing, and that's what we're going to do.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. Just one other piece to talk a little bit about this question of commodities and pricing as well, because obviously we're getting a few questions on it. I think there maybe some questions around the aggregate level of commodity inflation relative to most CPGs, we had came out earlier, and I think with the higher level of commodity inflation than the vast majority of others. To that extend, obviously, we anticipated a lot of what's gone on in the markets over the last couple of months in terms of commodity inflation. As we talk about pricing in response to that, we're really talking about that both in the context of 2011 and starting to think ahead to 2012 as well. So as you hear us talking about our strategies for the back half of the year, we're not thinking in just calendars, but we're thinking sort of on a multi-quarter basis as to where we think we need to manage the business. That said, as Indra mentioned, we do really have to be quite nuanced about how we do pricing so that we can do so effectively. But given the aggregate level of inflation in the economy, we do think it's important for us to take pricing.
Hugh Johnston: We've rolled 2 additional markets. We continue to see positive results from the initial markets that we've rolled. We talked at the Investor Day about how 2012 would be a year to get the IT systems in place to further the national rollout, and that's what we're doing. We'll put in an SAP and financially, upgrade our Oracle systems and then we'll get back in 2013 to rolling GES.
Hugh Johnston: Caroline, this is Hugh. From our perspective, they're all core businesses, and we think they're important to the aggregate of the franchise, so we don't anticipate any of that.
Hugh Johnston: Ali, this is Hugh. Obviously, business by business, dealing with price mix at a PepsiCo level is a bit of a challenge because of the complexity of it. But in general, as you think through the lines of business, I would be thinking a little bit more rate than just a straight balance between rate and mix going forward. And that's what we were indicating this morning.
Hugh Johnston: I mean in general, it's going to be, I think, more between channels than it is within channels by package. But that's a very general statement and obviously, with a big complicated portfolio. But generally speaking, it's going to be more between channels.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, sure. Mark, it's Hugh. I think we've really been investing in that in beverages over the last couple of years. If you think back, it was really in 2008 when we started to redo the packaging. In 2009, we obviously carried that forward in a significant way and then obviously, brought the bottling organization and PepsiCo together. And then in addition to that, we've obviously been sort of working our way through the brands with Gatorade, and now we've been doing things with Tropicana and Pepsi. So I think it's fair to say, we've been doing this over the course of the last couple of years as opposed to just a year or so. And from what we see, it really is yielding results both in terms of the performance of the business from a volume standpoint, as well as from the brand equity scores, which we have seen strengthened across the vast majority of the portfolio. So I think we're a couple of years into it at this point.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. I think generally speaking, Mark, we're comfortable with the amount of money we have in the business, and we're comfortable that we can manage it within our guidance and within the portfolio.
John Compton: This is John. No, we haven't seen any material changes on higher fuel prices. As we've said in the quarter, we had 2.5% volume growth at Frito-Lay and that sequentially improved during the quarter. As Indra mentioned, we just completed the final conversion of the all natural launch, and that is just now being activated in the marketplace, and we've just recently rolled a whole line of Hispanic products underneath the Tapatio subbrand into the marketplace. So our expectation is that our volume growth will continue. We may see some channel shifting due to the higher prices, of gas prices, but we don't expect our volume growth to slow down.
John Compton: So Bill, it's John. Let me take the Frito-Lay portion first. I think going forward, you'll see us use more visual pricing and more trade promotion price point than weighed out that we've typically used in the past, and we will start to employ those in the second half of the year as we exit Q2.
John Compton: At Frito-Lay, as you know, as inflation comes to the business, we will price it through. And to Bill's former question, there's multiple levers at Frito-Lay to pull. One of which is mix because, as you know, the margin differentials between potato chips and tortilla chips are very different. And so we'll use the mix, we'll use visual pricing and we'll use some trade promotion pricing, but our intent is to pass it through.
John Compton: Of course. Kaumil, some of it is volume leverage, but we did have 2.5% volume growth that obviously helps to leverage the fixed costs. And as we've said back at the Investors Conference in March, we're ramping up our productivity levels at Frito-Lay, and that's starting to come through. We talked about automation projects that are taking place. We've talked about GES controlling now. We've talked about Lean Six Sigma all through in the organization, not just the manufacturing but all the way through the sales organization. So volume leverage, yes, and then solid productivity programs contributed to the margin expansion.
John Compton: Carol, it's John. We had a one-time accounting benefit in Quaker in the quarter. If you were to strip that accounting benefit out, we still would have grown profits around 1% to 2% even on declining volumes. So we're trying to get the price realization back into the business. We are very focused on innovation long term to turn the business around. And the business that we've been primarily focused against, the core oatmeal business, did grow in the quarter. So that gave us some optimism going forward that, that part of the portfolio is turning. As you know, we owned Aunt Jemima, Rice-A-Roni and other businesses, that we're not as -- haven't been as focused again.
John Compton: Essentially, it was slightly negative because again, we didn't take pricing in the quarter. So revenue growth could have grown with pound growth. It didn't in part because of the mix. Going forward, as inflation comes to the business, obviously, as we've said, we intend to fully price that through.
John Compton: And the only thing I would add to this is Eric and his team there had been a year now into integrating the businesses. First, he had to integrate PBG and PAF, PBG and PAS into NAB. And now as a frontline, Frito-Lay in the PBC teams coming together store-by-store activating because we're now giving them real programs to go activate. We are just beginning, I think, to realize that benefit.
Eric Foss: And Bill, it's Eric. On the beverage side again, as Hugh mentioned, what we're looking to do is to optimize really the trade-off between consumer value, volume and margins. And I think if you look at the point he made earlier around what do great bottlers do, I'd point you to a couple of success metrics that matter most. One is we are looking for price appreciation, which we demonstrated in Q3 of last year, Q4 last year, full year 2010 and again, in Q1 of this year. Second, you'd look for balance top line, which we feel very good about the 2% volume and the 2 points of pricing we got this year, about a point of that was rate and a point of that was mix. And then finally, balancing what happens share wise in the market, which again we feel good about where we are year-to-date and where we finished 2010. As we look at the go forward, it will be a combination of great mix management but we do plan to initiate more rate, and that rate will probably hit the marketplace sometime after the 4th of July.
Eric Foss: I would just add, John, this is Eric, that we are far from blase, that we are very passionate and focused on making sure we get the right rate actions in the marketplace. And again, we took pricing post-Labor Day. We took pricing post-Super Bowl. And again, it's showing up in the numbers as you can see, as indicated by first quarter. And again, we intend to do that, as I've mentioned earlier, post-July 4. So we'll balance that against what's happening in terms of consumer value, as I said earlier, the competition in commodities, but I would tell you we are very focused and passionate about the price and specifically, rate in addition to great mix management, as we always have been.
Eric Foss: This is Eric. I think a couple of things on Power of One. Again, if you really think about what we're trying to do from the most senior levels down to the frontline is we think Power of One can do 3 things for us. It can accelerate growth; it can eliminate or enhance our selling and service advantage, particularly at the frontline which you're referencing; and it can help us reduce costs and become a more efficient operator. I think we've made a couple of moves: One, we do have an incentive structure at the senior level, where both the Frito and the beverage system is incented on a North America wide number. So that's a big change from where we've been historically. Second, we've harmonized our field structure so that the Frito-Lay structure and the beverage structure geographically are aligned. That has not been the case historically. And so I think those 2 things, plus a great example is, Sunday for the first time ever, as Indra mentioned in her comments, we will have a moments to say, "coupon drop." It is a very leverageable entity for our frontline to go build joint displays and to actually build that team selling effort at the frontline, I think, are great examples of how we're trying to implement Power of One from the most senior levels down through the frontline selling organization.
Eric Foss: There's not 2 more compatible products if you look at it at the point of consumption for the consumer, so obviously, that makes it a very sellable proposition for our trade customers.
Eric Foss: No. I think if you look at our business, I mean and particularly in small formats, C&G, FoodService dollar, drug, all of those channels were strong in the quarter, and those are the channels that we tend to see impacted by the construction worker, et cetera. So I think our business in the small format channel, in particular, is very strong.
Indra Nooyi: Bill, I think what we plan to do is take the pricing and manage volume and share within a corridor because we just have to make sure that we judiciously balance the two. So we've drawn up some corridors and we plan to manage our business within those corridors.
Indra Nooyi: Yes. And so Judy coming back to -- and I'm picking up where Hugh left off, this is a year where if you look across PepsiCo, we have a large portfolio. We have a natural hedge between beverages and snacks, emerging markets, developing markets, developed markets, different day parts, different cohort groups. So with this natural hedge in the portfolio, we can decide what levels to tweak in order to deliver on the financial commitments. But this is where -- this is the time you need great execution ability and excellent management to be able to navigate through the many headwinds and tailwinds that we are facing. And I think we are blessed with an extraordinary management team. Let me talk about the investment levels. The other big lesson we've all learned is that through short-term volatility, you cannot back off investments you should be making to ensure the long-term health of the business. Branding investments, absolutely we have to make them, but we wanted to make sure we make the investments when we have the right programs, the right people, the right proposition. Just as we did for Gatorade, how we turned that business around, and now it's smoking. And so we are making the stepped-up investments, especially North American beverages and beverages globally. Our investments in the nutrition group. The nutrition categories are growing 2, 3x that of the other core Fun-for-You, Better-for-You categories. It's a gigantic opportunity, and we'd be remiss if we didn't make these investments, and we shouldn't be pulsing these investments. You've got to make sure it's steady. And so that's why we've put the investments behind on nutrition group, and made it to sealed [ph] lab so that they can come up with innovation and we can start bringing them to market, because we expect all of these will also turn around the commodity costs and the economic world that developed markets are going through will turn around. And so we intend to keep the investments going to ensure the long-term success of our company.
Indra Nooyi: Carlos, the biggest step-up in brand investments are behind our core beverages brand. And because Frito-Lay North America and all of our snacks business are getting quite a bit of brand investments already, they do increase their advertising spending. But the biggest step-up that we've planned for this year and going forward is in our core North American beverage businesses. So Massimo, do you want to talk a little bit about the nature and step out -- and we don't talk about the exact level, Carlos, that's competitively disadvantaging us, but go ahead and talk about where you're investing, Massimo.
Indra Nooyi: And Kaumil, having said that, it's important to note that long term, we're not looking for a 20% sustained growth at Gatorade. That would be crazy. So we're looking at growth in the G franchise in the sports nutrition arena, and that's why you're seeing expansion into bites. You're going to see a lot more innovation around the needs of the sports athletes from a food and beverage perspective before they get into a game location, during the game and after. And you'll see a lot of niche innovations, a lot of innovation that's going to get us more price realization. Will there be some social beverage occasion that come into G? Yes, but it's not going to be meaningful, and we're not going to chase it with trade promotions or dropping off pricing. That's the key difference today: innovation, price utilization and a lot of focus on the sports athlete. That's the way we're going with Gatorade.
Indra Nooyi: Ali, I'm going to let John and Eric tell you exactly how they do it, but let me put it in a fairly simple way. To the driver, he's also a consumer, he needs a bag of Lays, he's thirsty, he needs to have a beverage. And so that's the simplest expression of Power of One because they live it every day. But beyond that, let me pass it to John and Eric to talk about how they actually incentivize their route salesmen.
Indra Nooyi: But Eric, is it fair to say that snacks and beverages are a logical bundle, therefore, it's intuitively obvious that it should be pulled together.
Indra Nooyi: Yes. But Hugh, I think it's also safe to say that we are making these additional investments while delivering great earnings performance.
Indra Nooyi: Mark, to tell you, the primacy of the P&L at Pepsico is the regions. So PAS, PAB, Europe and EMEA is the primacy of the P&L, and that's where all the execution metrics exist, and that's where they really worry about how you bring products to life in each of the channels with each of the customers. So that's the primacy of the P&L. If you look at any large multinational company, there's always a matrix. There's a regional organization and global segments, and primacy is usually with one or the other. In PepsiCo, it's for the region. But in the past, we've never had global segments that harmonized platform, harmonized brand architecture and really looked at how to leverage the power of the company. And in PepsiCo, in particular, we've remained regionally focused. We came to the realization that the Global Nutrition Group needed to be managed globally, purely from an innovation, brand architecture, platform development perspective, not from managing the day-to-day P&L. So the GNG group is responsible for helping generate top line growth and ensuring that it's top line growth with good gross margin. And then what they have is the regional representatives into GNG, where each region or big country cluster gives input to GNG on what they need for their regions so that the GNG platform development can be consistent with what the regions need. And again, this is not in 200 countries. We're focused on 15 countries, and that's what we are using as the first push to drive the GNG growth. And this sort of wiring started the day we formed GNG. And the Global Nutrition Group works with each of the sector heads in each of the regions to make sure that there's a constant dialogue between the 2 to make sure the innovation actually yields top line and bottom line results.
Indra Nooyi: The net numbers we should look at is overall food and beverage in North America was up 2%, 2.5%. And within that, there's a lot of channel shifting going. Convenience stores are back in focus because people are using that to do fill-up shopping right now rather than going to a large retailer, because they don't have the money to go to large retailer and make whole purchases, they're using convenience stores to top up. So let me just summarize our call today. Overall, we are pleased with our Q1 results because they came in line with our expectations, our top line was strong. Commodities inflation will continue to be a challenge for us and everyone in the industry for the foreseeable future, but we'll continue to prudently manage the business, balancing volume, pricing and productivity, and we remain committed to our full year financial outlook.  So with that, thank you for joining us.
