Hugh Johnston: Thank you Indra and good morning everyone. First, let’s discuss guidance. As Indra mentioned based on the strength of our year-to-date performance and our outlook for the remainder of the year, we’ve increased our full-year core constant currency EPS growth target to 9% from 8% previously, which includes the expected fourth quarter impact of the Venezuela accounting change. Additional details regarding the change in accounting for Venezuela can be found in our third quarter earnings release and in the soon to be released 10-Q. Our other targets remain unchanged. For the full-year 2015, we continue to expect mid-single digit organic revenue growth, core operating margin expansion as organic top line growth and productivity should offset negative geographic mix and commodity inflation which incorporates the impact of transaction-related foreign exchange headwinds, and approximately $1 billion in productivity savings. Below the division operating line, we continue to expect corporate cost to be lower, a core tax rate of approximately 25% and a reduced share count. We now expect foreign exchange translation to negatively impact net revenue and core earnings per share growth by approximately 10 and 11 percentage points respectively based on current market consensus rates. Taking our 2014 core EPS of $4.63 and applying our guidance and current market consensus of foreign exchange impact implies 2015 core EPS of approximately $4.54. As you model out the fourth quarter, I’d ask you to consider the following. First we expect foreign exchange translation to have an approximate 8 point unfavorable impact on fourth quarter net revenue growth and an approximate 8 point unfavorable impact on fourth quarter core EPS growth based on current market consensus rates. Venezuelan operations contributed $0.03 to core EPS in the prior year quarter. Second, the North American beverages business will face a difficult core constant currency operating profit growth comparison. Below the division operating profit line, net interest expense is expected to increase in the fourth quarter versus last year, driven by higher interest rates and higher debt balances. From a cash flow perspective, we continue to expect full-year free cash flow excluding certain items of more than $7 billion. We expect our capital allocation discipline to continue to drive core ROIC improvement. This is building on the steady progress we’ve made in ROIC with core net ROIC up 380 basis points from 2012 to 19.1% through the third quarter of 2015 on rolling a four quarter basis. We expect shareholder cash returns to be very strong. We now expect to return approximately $9 billion to shareholders in 2015, approximately $4 billon in dividends and $5 billion in share repurchases. Our current repurchase outlook is at the high end of the range we provided last quarter. Our annualized dividend is now $2.81 and approximate 60% payout ratio based on 2014 core EPS. This represents the 43rd consecutive year of annual dividend increases and our annualized dividends per share have grown at a 10% compound annual rate over the past ten years. So to summarize, our core constant currency earnings per share outlook for 2015 has improved from our last call and free cash flow, disciplined capital allocation and returning cash to our shareholders remain top priorities for the Company. With that operator we’ll take the first question.
Hugh Johnston: And then, John to answer your question regarding Venezuela, as you mentioned, it’s worth $0.03 in that we’re lapping right now going into the fourth quarter, and we are covering that as a part of our 9% guidance. For 2016, we will get to guidance in February; we won’t discuss that on this call. What I will share with investors is, in 2015, Venezuela is worth about $0.10, so that’s what we will be lapping as we get into 2016, but rather than get into one-off guidance in 2016, we’ll provide comprehensive guidance on the February call.
Hugh Johnston: So Dara on the 53rd week, the answer is yes. We do have a 53rd week ever fifth or sixth year depending on how the days fall. And 2016 will be a 53-week year. As I mentioned on John’s question as well, in terms of guidance and impact on that, we’ll get to that on the February call, it’s not time to handle that right now.
Hugh Johnston: In addition to that there -- one of the goals of the program was to increase the number of households that are buying Lays by virtue of recognizing the smaller households in the United States and in fact that impact is happening. So we feel good about the strategy as well as the revenue management implications.
Hugh Johnston: Yeah, Bryan, as always, this is a challenging question to answer, because in a company with PepsiCo’s complexity both geographically and from a channel and product perspective, isolating one of the variables is a little bit tricky. What I would say is this, the combination of the higher productivity in addition to that, the benefits that we are relatively getting on commodities and then comparing that to the natural rate of inflation for PepsiCo’s portfolio of 4% and comparing that to the level of fixed cost leverage we get through P&L, 60 basis points for the quarter we think is a good number for the year. We’ve been delivering good leverage and the balancing act of much are we reinvesting back in R&D and reinvesting back in A&M, again it’s a bit difficult to isolate the variable. Suffice it to say, we are investing meaningful amounts in R&D and A&M in order to drive the top line growth that you are seeing.
Hugh Johnston: Yeah, Judy, in terms of year-to-date, Venezuela is worth about 2 points in our numbers. And in terms of going forward into the fourth quarter, when we talk about organic revenue growth, we are treating the deconsolidation as a structural change, so we will basically talk organic ex-Venezuela. 
Hugh Johnston: So Ali, two things on that. Ex-Venezuela, Latin America was up 9% and number two, regarding your question on breakdown on volumes, the 3% of overall volume growth, CSDs were down 1.9, non-carbs or stills as you call them were up almost 10%. And then within CSDs, regulars were down 1 and diets were down 6.5.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. Steve, happy to. Absolutely, we did see volumes in Frito-Lay a little bit stronger than I think what analysts were generally expecting and what they were interpreting based off of the scan data. I think the reason for that is convenient source. We’re particularly strong in Frito-Lay. We saw volume growth in C stores for the quarter of 4.5% and that channel tends to be tracked a little bit less closely. It's about 20% of Frito’s business. So I think that probably accounts for the data difference.  More broadly, I think the important point here is project drive, which has obviously suppressed volumes to some degree is going on very successfully. As Indra mentioned earlier, from a revenue management perspective, it's yielding the results we expected and in addition to that and strategically more importantly, the household penetration on Lays is going up and frankly that was the goal of project drive and it is working for us quite successfully. Obviously, we've got a couple of more quarters of overlaps to work through in terms of the volume impacts, but we feel very, very good about project drive right now.
Indra Nooyi: John, global macros are volatile as I mentioned in my prepared comments. And whenever there is volatility in the marketplace, the consumer behavior does reflect some of this volatility. The good news is that, we’re not luxury items or high ticket items; we are basic food and beverage items. So, we see a slowdown but not significant. Having said that, I think the most important thing is we have a portfolio that we can play between developed, and developing, and emerging markets, and somehow we balance the portfolio to deliver the results, but the macro volatility is here to stay.
Indra Nooyi: And on the PC revenue management, Dara, we’re beginning to see all of the work we did on that revenue management program beginning to take root. It’s clearly helped the profitability because it’s really price pack architecture to manage the SKUs on the shelves which were really getting much too complex. And we’re beginning to see the positive impact of all of the work we did over the last three quarters. Volume growth is beginning to come back, and clearly profitability has been helped by the whole revenue management program.
Indra Nooyi: And we have new tools and technologies as we get more digital tools that are disrupting many parts of our business. 
Indra Nooyi: Good morning, Caroline. The US beverage environment is pretty good actually. There is good portfolio management happening in the industry and I would say that the CSD market continues to be under pressure from a volume perspective. From a value perspective, because of good revenue management and good pricing in the industry, the value numbers are way better than the volume numbers. But clearly the big story here is non-carbs and the non-carbs are really what’s driving all of the growth in the whole industry. And again, in non-carbs, profitability varies. I mean, it ranges all the way from bottled water to other products that have higher profitability. So I think the challenge at every point in the North American beverage business is really two-fold if you want to think about it. How do you play the game across the portfolio between CSDs and non-carbs and within CSDs how do you alternate between a Mountain Dew versus a Pepsi versus a Kickstart, so that’s one balancing game that we have to go through. But the second part is also channel-wise, how much emphasis you play on single serves and driving single-serve sales which have got a different profit profile than large pack or multi-serve products. So the challenge in this industry, it’s a very complex, very big industry. It’s, how do you play this whole game intelligently. Now, I will tell you one thing, the fact that we own the bulk of our bottling systems and the fact that most of our bottlers are very aligned, we have very good set of bottling partners, actually allows us to be a lot more nimble and effect in the market, the right pricing strategies, revenue management strategies and get the right innovation into the marketplace. 
Indra Nooyi: Yeah, Judy, again, I don’t want to get into too much details, because now you are asking us to get into what really drives PepsiCo, but I will just roughly tell you that, you have to look at trade spending management and revenue management together, because in a way the two of them are how we manage the shelf. And as the digital tools get better and better and more tools are available to get more visibility into consumer interaction of different packages, the way we do revenue management improves. So if we look at Frito-Lay’s recent program on Project Drive, that was a trade spending and revenue management program because in a way, the way we manage the packaging there improves the profitability of the retailers in addition to improving the whole spending effectiveness. So I think the pace at which we move in this area is a function of the tools available for us to have more visibility into consumer buying decisions and how we do self-assortment. It’s a journey. We are investing more and more in tools, training, capabilities and we are making sure everybody gets trained in these tools, developing market tools, emerging market tools, developed market tools, what we do with modern trade, what do we do with traditional trade, it is all about the training. It’s a journey, Judy, and it’s going to take a few years before we are fully done. But as these tools roll out, we’ll start to see the benefits roll into the P&L and that’s what you saw in Frito-Lay. The Project Drive was a great example of it. And even our North American beverage profitability in a way is a function of how they are intelligently managing both their product portfolio and trade spending. So with that, let me turn to Hugh to talk about your second question about Venezuela.
Indra Nooyi: We have a largely zero-calorie portfolio in Europe and parts of the country, parts of the region did well and there were parts where places like Russia we focused more on value than we did on volume, because in those markets we’ve got extraordinary inflation and we’ve got to make sure your price through to get the value up. In France, Germany, Turkey, we had very good beverage strength. And in countries like Russia, because of inflation, the market was tough. But those are all again, I come back to this notion of the portfolio management. In today’s volatile environment, the biggest capability we, as a company, have to develop and we have is how we manage the portfolio intelligently to deliver a set of numbers for the company overall. And again managing the company for value share within a volume corridor and that’s what we’ve been doing globally at this point.
Indra Nooyi: Great question, but we don't comment or speculate on these matters, as it relates to specific bottlers, customers and suppliers.
Indra Nooyi: Bill, as I mentioned earlier on my comments regarding North American beverages, today more than ever, the portfolio is shifting to non-carbs. Innovation is becoming more fragmented and the life cycle of innovation is being shorter and the trade becoming more and more complex. Having control of the manufacturing and distribution systems becomes critical.  And when we have independent bottlers, having them aligned is even more critical and I'll tell you based on our recent North American bottling meeting, Al Carey and the team did a brilliant job and the system is more aligned than I've ever seen before. So I think these bottling assets are strategic and as I said earlier, this is a journey. As the marketplace evolves, we have to keep evolving and optimizing our bottling assets. We've done a lot with the manufacturing assets. As we mentioned, the capacity – we’ve taken out 23% of the capacity, utilization is up. We’re looking at consolidating large format and small format routes and reducing the number of routes by 15%. As equivalent of GES or Geo Box as our beverage guys call it, get implemented. We too start thinking about different ways to leverage the distribution system. So it’s a journey and it’s a very, very good team and they are doing the right things to focus on revenue management, trade spending segments, marketing, innovation, training the portfolio, intelligent pricing. So I think we are in a good place in North American beverages.
Indra Nooyi: We're happy with where we are right now and the portfolio is working Kevin. That's the most important thing. When the marketplace starts shifting more towards non-carbs, we’ve got to make sure that we step up our investment in non-carbs, our innovation in non-carbs, which is really what we've been doing.  And in case of CSDs, there has been a small share loss, but if you look across the portfolio, margin is doing exceedingly well. We are doing very well in small format. Anyway to the question, I think that we've really been working the portfolio to make sure that talent management, price back management, trade management, innovation management and overall portfolio management work to deliver overall LRB share increase. And that's really what we are focused on. I think focusing just on CSDs is actually a thing of the past and I would strongly suggest everybody looks at total LRB, because that's the right way to look at the market going forward.
Indra Nooyi: Bill, it's too early to tell you exactly how the consumer is reacting, because our belief is that you’ve got to wait a few cycles to see what the purchase repeat adoption cycle is. So at the end of Q4, when we go into next year, we might be able to give you some more information, but at this point, it's way too early to talk about how aspartame-free is performing in the marketplace. And in terms of new sweetness, all the information is out there in the marketplace. We've been talking about it. I don't see a zero calorie naturally sweetened CSD on the horizon in the next few years, but if you want to talk about low-calorie naturally sweetener beverages, I think combination of sweeteners, tools, techniques, we have probably the best portfolio of development tools to enable that to happen.  It may not always be in CSDs, but it will be a part of it in non-carbs, part in CSDs and you’ll start seeing these innovations roll out as we speak. I mean, we’ve rolled out a couple of products this year in Manzanita Sol and Mug with somebody’s tools. You’ll start seeing more of that as next year rolls by.
Indra Nooyi: So with that, thank you all for your questions. In closing, let me reiterate that we are pleased with our year-to-date results. We are confident that our plans are working and that we will deliver on our financial targets for 2015. I want to thank you all for your time and questions this morning and more importantly for the confidence you’ve placed in us. Have a great day.
