Hugh Johnston: Thank you, Indra and good morning everyone. I'll jut provide a quick update on the outlook and then we'll move to your questions. After considering our year to-date performance and other factors we've updated our guidance for 2018. Specifically, we now expect at least 3% organic revenue growth for the full year. We now expect our core effective tax rate to be between 19% and 20%. We continue to expect core constant currency EPS growth of 9%. However, we now expect core earnings per share in U.S. dollar terms of $5.65, which reflects a one-point headwind from foreign exchange translation based on current market consensus rates due to the recent strengthening of the U.S. dollar. This is an 8% increase compared to 2017 core earnings per share of $5.23. We continue to expect strong cash flow and to exercise disciplined capital allocation with prudent reinvestment into the business. For 2018 we continue to expect free cash flow of approximately $6 billion which includes approximately $9 billion in cash flow from operations, including a $1.4 billion discretionary pension contribution made in the first quarter. And we now expect net capital spending of approximately $3.3 billion. We continue to expect to return approximately $7 billion to shareholders in 2018 with cash dividends of approximately $5 billion reflecting a 15% increase in the annualized dividend per share that began with the June payment and share repurchases of approximately $2 billion. Finally, as you update your models, I'd like to highlight the following items to consider for the fourth quarter. Frito-Lay North America is lapping 5% organic revenue growth from the fourth quarter of 2017. We expect operating profit to decline in our AMENA division as we lap strong results and a refranchising gain in Jordan from the fourth quarter of 2017. We expect the previously announced refranchising of our Czech Republic, Hungary and Slovakia business operations to benefit ESSA operating profit in the fourth quarter. And finally based on market consensus forecast, we expect foreign exchange translation to negatively impact both net revenue and operating profit by approximately three percentage points in the fourth quarter. With that, operator, we are ready to take the first question.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. So from an international perspective, I think we saw remarkably broad-based results. The list of countries that had a strong quarter is probably too long to enumerate on the call. We'll use up our entire time doing that. Maybe most notably I think if we saw a strong volume growth both in snacks and in beverages. Snacks were somewhere between 4% and 5% volume growth, beverages between 3% and 4%. And I think it really does sort of demonstrate that both the power of the portfolio and then in addition to that the relatively broad-based strength of economic performance around the world. So, I think we do expect international to continue to perform very well. I think the portfolio was sturdy and well insulated. Look, at any given time as countries are disrupted, we always have some exposure to those disruptions. But by and large I think we have a remarkably powerful international business.
Hugh Johnston: Hey Kevin, it's Hugh Johnston. Couple of things on that. You're right. The P&L was negatively impacted by two things. Number one was cost pressure both transport cost and aluminum were up. Number two, it was the increased in advertising and marketing spend across a number of our businesses. Maybe just we'll step back a little bit in terms of the way that we think about advertising and spending levels. Our intention generally speaking is to be competitive on advertising and spending levels, but not to accelerate beyond competition. Our goal is to win based on the quality of our advertising and the execution that follows that advertising rather than that the level itself. So I think we will maintain levels of spending that are competitive, but not beyond competitive. Regarding the input cost inflation whether it's transport or whether it's aluminum, our history is always been to price through inflation in our developed markets. We'll look to do that here. We did that post Q3. It's fairly unusual to take pricing in the middle of the summer. So despite the fact that we felt some of that pressure in the summer, we didn't take pricing until September. I think you'll see the profit picture improve in Q4 as a result of that pricing.
Hugh Johnston: Hey, Bryan, it's Hugh. Those are too fairly points, so let me address them separately. In terms of capital allocation broadly no change in policy here. We talked about $500 million here in tuck-ins that continues to be our stated policy. SodaStream in a lot of ways is a unique asset in that it gets into a completely different market that we really weren’t touching at all, which are consumers who preferred to prepare beverages at home, whether they be just sparkling water, whether they be flavored beverages. So I would view [Indiscernible] to increase in advertising and marketing in the beverage business as anything more than a response to competitive increase and that’s a competitive increase that remains to be seen as to where it goes in the future. I think our expectation as we said before is we want to compete on execution, we want to compete on the quality of innovation that we want to compete on the quality of our marketing and we think we are well positioned to do that particularly whether integrated system.
Hugh Johnston: Ali, well I’ll handle your second question first. In terms of productivity going forward, the bucket which we drive productivity, we call operating expenses about $28 billion bucket. It’s got a natural rate of inflation of about 3% to 4% partly because the bucket is more tilted internationally where inflation rates are higher. So I do think we’ve got years and years of productivity to come into the future. I’m not here to announce a specific new program right now beyond what we’ve announced, but I do think we have lots of opportunity out there for further productivity. Regarding your question on whether we can continue to drive growth through the P&L funded by productivity. I think broadly the answer to that is yes, in a lot of ways I think that the third quarter was reflective of the timing of our pricing decisions where we decided to take those post Q3 rather than during the quarter which obviously pressured margins a little bit, and it was also reflective of continued investments that we are making in top line growth initiatives, whether it’s advertising and marketing which was up about 6% in the quarter, R&D spending was up about 22% in the quarter, e-commerce spending was roughly double in the quarter. So I think in many ways what you saw was a timing issue in terms of the timing of commodity increases versus the pricing increase and continued investment in the business while delivering the short-term performance that frankly in many ways has been emblematic [ph] of interest entire 12 years in running the company or posture in doing so over the last 20 or more years with the company.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, so in terms of the – the point that you made regarding the P&L. We’ve said all along to the degree that we have upsides from tax and things like that we intend to deliver our guidance and invest back in the business. You just heard me articulate a few of the areas that we’ve been investing in. Regarding pricing in the market place what we said broadly is the pricing will be somewhere in the low to mid single digits and that pricing is basically in right now in the beverage business.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, happy to jump in on that. Number one, I would remind you that the Q4 lap on revenue is more difficult that Q3 was so while the guidance does imply a sequential slowdown in Q4 some of our thinking is driven by that. And frankly the guidance we’ve laid out there is at least 3%, so we’ll see how the quarter comes. And regarding North America beverage and refranchising nothing new to report on that. We’ve said we look at it as we always do, the one thing that I would say generally is we do think the integrated system does make us more innovative, it does make us faster to respond to customer needs and it does make us more cost competitive. So those are the hurdles that we have to overcome if we were to see some benefit to refranchising in the future.
Hugh Johnston: Hey Caroline, it’s Hugh. I think the answer to your question is no, because we think that, that business is so strong in its ability to leverage new ideas and new technology and to scale them relatively quickly to provide increased margin overtime. In terms of the short term numbers that you are speaking to, what are the factors affecting Frito-Lay this year is transport cost. Now transport in Frito was more heavily internal relative to beverages which uses more common carriers. So beverages has been more exposed to the driver shortage and the impact in terms of transport cost, but Frito-Lay is not immune to that it does use some common carrier and there is some wage inflation and the driver pool is well up. One of the things you will see Frito-Lay do is take some pricing in the fourth quarter particularly in single served which I think will mitigate the impact of the inflation and you will see their margin performance return to a more normal, a more normal margin improvement.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, Andrea, I’m not going to – I don’t want to get into guidance on a division specific perspective and on a division specific quarterly perspective particularly not. I would view it as the business is both improving but it’s improving in a broad based way. So watching volume alone may not be as meaningful as watching the combination of volume and revenue particularly in light of the fact that where we’re seeing the best growth is often times in non-carbs and premium products which are obviously they moved the needle less on volume but they moved the needle on revenue in a substantive way. So, again I think the message here in terms of North America beverage is continued sequential improvement in the overall business. The pricing will obviously help in Q4 as well and we think we are getting that business back on track with the investments behind the advertising and the innovation that we have.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. You know Steve I agree with you there is a large amount of activity right now and you just sighted a couple of competitors coming at it from a couple of different angles. I don’t want to speculate on their strategies as those are questions probably best asked of them. I do think you have people using different approaches to reach for growth and to reconstruct their portfolios to some degrees. From PepsiCo’s perspective by and large we like the construction of our portfolio right now, it’s been built over the better part of the last two decades and we think it’s well positioned to compete, well positioned to innovate on as we build on the platforms that have existed here for a long time. SodaStream, I wouldn’t compare to the other things that you have citied, I think it’s an exception to the rule because it actually gets into a market that we weren’t playing in at all up until now and frankly I don’t think any of the other people that you mentioned are playing in a substantive way at all later, so I wouldn’t compare our move in SodaStream with some of the other competitive moves because I think it’s driven by a new opportunity for us as opposed to getting into categories that some of those folks already in that just weren’t scaled up.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, I mean obviously we – I think it’s fair to say we look at everything, but I think that the difficulties in investing in that category particularly in the U.S. were federally these things are still not legal or quite a considerable challenge. So, we look at everything but certainly no plans at this point to do anything.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, Amit happy to answer both of those. In terms of the potential bottling partners we have a lot of high quality bottlers in our business, so that’s not a factor in the decision. The factors are the ones that I mentioned earlier. Regarding your question on 2019, we are always quite disciplined around not talking of our guidance for 2019 or even things that potentially impact guidance until we get to that year, so we’ll talk about that in February.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, Pablo, it’s Hugh. Regarding Frito-Lay I think we’ve continued to inch out of salty into savory, really over the course of the past decade or more whether it’s our Sabra joint venture or whether it’s Stacy’s, there is a lot of examples where we’ve gotten beyond salty and into savory. I think the good news is the combination of our consumer insights which are broad-based around how people consume snacks, I think leads us into savory in a fairly effective way. The reality of it is consumers don't think in these industrial terms like salty or savory. They think about occasions and they think about what they feel like eating. Frito-Lay's insights I think are extremely well-positioned to pick the right areas to go and to develop the right products to take advantage of those consumer opportunities. And then in addition to that, the scale of the Frito-Lay operation, once a decision is made to enter a new subcategory, I think allows us to be very very successful very very quickly. The scale being from the perspective of brands, from the production systems, from the distribution systems, so I think you'll see Frito-Lay continue to be very successful in the savory area. Regarding your second question around Starbucks, look, we've had the Starbucks partnership now for the better part of 20 years. It's been remarkably successful for both of us. I think you'll continue to see us expand and build on the relationship with Starbucks.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. So as you might imagine that the KPIs on Pepsi are the ones that you would traditionally look at. First, the highest level market share performance and velocities in the stores from a consumer perspective we tend to look at purchase intent regard relevance to consumers. A lot of this stuff is done through survey work. And we have seen over time the metrics that we measure while it may not be immediately responsive. They do tend to prove out over time sales trends both positively and negatively. And the good news is what we are starting to see are given the increases in advertising early green shoots of improvement in those performance metrics, that again do overtime tend to correlate with sales performance.
Indra Nooyi: Thanks, Lauren. And I think PepsiCo has the scale and scope to remain one of the most successful food and beverage companies well into the future. I think over the years we’ve assembled the portfolio that is very synergistic, has tremendous growth potential and more importantly we’ve built out a geographic footprint which is quite impressive. Going forward, I think there’s still tremendous amount of growth available in emerging markets. I think there’s growth available and re-thinking some of our businesses as platforms rather than just products. For example, we still haven’t fully exploited how snacks can be mini meals and what we can do with the combination of our snacks and dips [ph] and that’s something our teams are looking at very seriously. How do we look at sports beverages more as holistic sports nutrition on a sports field platform and our teams are looking at that? And so our growth prospects whether it’s a development markets or the developing markets and emerging markets is actually what we imagine it to be, not necessarily what the reported numbers are, so that’s the first topline opportunity. I think the wonderful thing about PepsiCo is that we reinvent ourselves constantly, whether it’s rethinking innovation and top line new capabilities we need to invest behind, or if its re-thinking the cost structure. As I’ve said to many of you I think there’s lot of technology driven disruptions that are coming down the pie that are going to force us to rethink many many parts of our cost structure, but we started that work several years ago and I think over the next year or so you will start seeing a lot of these taking root, and how we implement these in the company and reshape our cost structure for the new realities is really going to separate the great companies from the not so great companies and I’m confident PepsiCo is among the great companies and we will re-shape our cost structure using technology as a big driver and I think will also use data analytics and insights to think about innovation a whole lot differently. So I feel good about where we are. We have made a lot of investments, the trick now is to keep investing in the company judiciously so that we deliver a good balance of short term results and make investments to keep this engine going into the future.
Indra Nooyi: I mean, really I don’t have anything to say, but Hugh, I don’t know if you want to add something there.
Indra Nooyi: Yes. So I'll just speak to the U.S. consumer. What we have been seeing over the past three years is that even though there's occasional confusion on artificial sweeteners good for you or not, why not real sugar. What's wrong with the high fructose corn syrup, those kinds of questions, there is a general trend towards health and wellness, whether its consumption of more zero calorie, flavored waters or drinking diet products or lower calorie products, there's definitely a trend towards whole grains, closer to nature. So that trend might vary in speed year-over-year, but the trend is there. And as a millennials age, I think they are driving this trend more and more. And the availability of more healthy products whether its ready prepared meals or home delivery of anything that's healthy is actually taking away any barriers to buying a healthier products whether it's better for you or good for you products. So I think you're going to see an acceleration towards that trend as the years go by. Now Ramon is an outstanding executive and you'll get a chance to get to know him over the next few weeks and months. The good thing is a lot of the trends we are seeing in the U.S. have already happened in Europe, whether its retail consolidation, whether its trends towards health and wellness, competition amongst all of the European food and beverage companies where warehouse delivered products are really have to negotiate to the retailers, all of those trends, Ramon is a veteran of. And he's going to bring all those skills to the United States. Second as you know over the last year as President, Ramon has been leading the productivity program for the company, been leading innovation. So I think he's uniquely suited to bring a fresh pair of eyes to everything we do here in North America while preserving its knowledge of the international market. Finally, he's just a good guy. I think you'll find his mix of operating expertise, plus his ability to think about customers, consumers, and bring the two together, to be refreshing. So get to know him. I think you will be very happy with what you see.
Indra Nooyi: Thank you all for your questions. Just, let me make some closing comments. After 12 years at the helm of the company, today is my final day as CEO. It ends my 24-year career as a PepsiCo Executive. I have been blessed to have had the opportunity to lead such a great company and work with such incredible people including our outstanding board, executives and other associates, our customers and other partners, our shareholders and all our other stakeholders. You know 12 years is a long time as a CEO, and even though I have a lot of fuel still left in my tank. I wanted to do something different with my life. Spend more time with my family and give the next generation in PepsiCo a chance to lead this great company. Throughout my tenure however, we've strived to achieve a difficult balance between attending to short term pressures while managing for the long-term. And I'll leave today proud of the work our team has done. We were pioneers in business sustainability and social responsibility and embedded the sense of purpose in everything PepsiCo does guided by our Performance with Purpose philosophy. We have transformed our product portfolio by growing our good for you and better for you option from about 38% of revenue in 2006 to roughly 50% in 2017.  We more than doubled our investment in research and development to expand our more nutritious offerings and minimize our environmental impact. We became an even more valued partner to our retail customers. We were selected as a number one food and beverage supply in the United States in the most recent 2017 Advantage Report and named Best-in-Class Manufacturer by Kantar for the second year in a row. We've made positive contributions to communities around the globe in which we operate through our support of access to clean drinking water, human rights, nutrition, agricultural programs and many more initiatives. And we invested significantly new capabilities in areas like design and e-commerce to better position our company for a successful future. In the midst of managing the business for the long-term, we also delivered strong and consistent financial performance specifically during the period 2006 to 2017. Net revenue grew more than 80%. We added a new billion dollar brand almost every other year. We returned $79 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. Our market capitalization increased by $68 billion. Dividends per share nearly tripled from $1.16 to $3.17, and we generated total shareholder return of 162%. Finally and very importantly, we have been on Ethisphere's list of most ethical companies for the past 12 years. For all of this I am grateful to my outstanding PepsiCo associates who gave so much to PepsiCo and me over the past 12 years. And now, I’m handing the reins to Ramon Laguarta, who becomes PepsiCo’s sixth CEO. Ramon is a terrific executive with a long and proven track record of growing businesses. He has a deep understanding of the changing preferences of consumers and other critical trends unfolding around the world, and he has demonstrated that he knows how to navigate them successfully. He has been a critical partner to me in running the company and I’m confident he will lead PepsiCo to new and greater heights in the years to come. The potential for PepsiCo is enormous. Finally, I want to thank you, our investors and analysts. During my time as CEO and CFO, I’ve had a lot of spirited and fascinating conversations with many of you. I’ve always valued your perspectives even in those instances when we may have disagreed. You often challenged me, offered your opinions and provided different perspectives. My interactions with you over the years helped make me a better executive and helped make PepsiCo a better company. Thank you all for your time today and your engagement through the years. And thank you for the confidence you have placed in us with your investment. Thanks.
