Eric Foss: First of all on pricing again if you look at the quarter from a bottling standpoint period three was the only period included. In period three our net revenue per case was up about three points. So good strong balanced pricing as you come to know us for. I’d say on the broad pricing environment we continue to view a rational pricing environment.  Again as Hugh mentioned and as I mentioned at the analyst meeting I think given the environment we are trying to strike the right balance between volume and price and I think you can expect that to continue as we look to the remainder of the year, we’re going to look to see pricing somewhere in that 2% to 3% range.  In terms of the volume more recently we’ve seen our cold drink and specifically the convenience channel improve sequentially and so we’re actually pretty encouraged by what we saw as the quarter unfolded and that’s continued, obviously the good weather the last month or so has helped us start second quarter. 
Eric Foss: Well I would say that as you look at what’s happening in the marketplace I think retailers are dealing with the same macro pressures, category pressures, consumer challenges that most packaged goods companies are and as we look to the summer I think you’re going to continue to see retailers invest particularly on [consumptionalistic] categories like ours to build traffic. So, I would say as I mentioned earlier we’re pretty encouraged by what’s happened as we’ve gone into second quarter both in terms of take home and cold drink and so I think right now we view a summer that looks encouraging from where we sit. 
Eric Foss: I think from a capital standpoint as we look to address the manufacturing assets I think you’ll continue to see capital expenditures on beverages be very disciplined. I think the reality is is we still have opportunities on the cold drink side, but as you look at capacity investment I think you’re going to find that those investments are going to be to help improve efficiencies and aren’t really on new manufacturing lines or plants.  I think you’ll see rationalization in the area of manufacturing capacity and capital expenditures.
Eric Foss: When I was talking about cold drink I was talking about cold drink in the US and Canada. Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott : I’m just trying to understand how that squares with the reality that convenience stores aren’t really growing right now. 
Eric Foss: Well again I think to John’s point what I mentioned is we’re starting to see an improvement in the trends and so if you look at I think actually first quarter you actually started to see even some traffic and trip increase sequentially, not versus year ago, but sequentially and so again we were looking for early encouraging signs in the cold drink and convenience channel and my point is in Q1 we started to see a slight improvement. 
Eric Foss: Well let me tell you in the early part of the quarter I think we were up a little over a point and then again it improved sequentially, in period three we were up three points which is the number that’s reported. But I would tell you if any of your question is around Super Bowl let me just go into that, the reality is we had very strong performance in Super Bowl.  We had great activity, we grew our share, had positive share swing and our pricing at retail was actually pretty disciplined. We were flat year over year on our two liter retails and we actually saw an increase in our can retails versus a competitive environment that saw decreases on both year over year. So I think we were very disciplined as we went through and actually the Super Bowl activity was largely driven by improvement in feature activity and just good execution. 
Indra Nooyi: Let me turn to Massimo to talk about Mexico, but just to give you some top line, one of the things we told you at the investor meeting is that we were going to be very careful in how we pursued share. That it was not going to be a volume at all costs, we were going to not chase pricing down and as Eric just said, we’re looking very carefully at this mix of volume share and value share so we don’t just compete in this business by dropping pricing especially to push a volume number.  And the second thing we’ve been doing is pruning the portfolio. Where we have product lines that really don’t make sense to invest in long-term because the profit algorithm is not really optimal, we have been de-emphasizing it and Hugh referred to the case pack water which we de-emphasized in the quarter. At the investor meeting we talked about some juice drinks, shelf [table] juice drinks which the value proposition wasn’t very attractive and so over the year we started to de-emphasize that until we found a new way to compete in that business in a profitable way. So the numbers were impacted by that.  The second is that remember our quarter was different than the rest of the industry in that we didn’t have the Easter benefit in our quarter so you have to be careful to make sure that when you model that in and let me turn to Massimo or Eric to talk about Mexico.
Indra Nooyi: Its interesting we don’t look at it as a drag, we look at it as an exciting market with tremendous growth opportunities and whenever we get the opportunity to step up the investment you should do it because building these big growth markets for the long-term sometimes require extraordinary investments to be made at the right time.  And at this point we have the organizational bandwidth, we have the leadership in place and we have the P&L room to really step up our capability to accelerate our growth in China and that’s what we’re doing right now. So I wouldn’t use the word drag, I’d view it as China investment opportunity.  And in terms of AMEA overall I think there were two issues that impacted the leverage, one is the China investments clearly, top line was spectacular, revenue was great. The second is also, sugar prices have been exceedingly high and we’ve had to cover some of those extraordinary sugar price increases, so it’s a combination of the two that created the deleverage. 
Indra Nooyi: But given all that let me just say that its just been about four weeks since we closed the transaction and across the company we are taking a hard look at every dollar of capital we are spending, in markets where the top line especially volume growth is not there. So trust me as the year progresses we’ll be back to you in terms of exactly what capital levels need to be deployed against these businesses. 
Indra Nooyi: Just be assured that we have a very rigorous process to first allocate the strategic investment, track, monitor it. We have metrics against each and if we think something is not yielding the kind of results we need we will pull it and if that happens we will flow that through to the bottom line, that’s what we promised you at the investor meeting.  And at the right time, we will come back and talk to you about it. Remember with these strategic investments we are making some [inaudible] in breakthrough platforms. Some of these platforms may break through, some may not. There is a hit rate associated with it. But we think the time is right to reinvent some of these businesses we have and that’s what we’re doing. 
Indra Nooyi: Remember these are low quarters for, we don’t provide detail by business but there are low quarters because Gatorade was just selling in the new innovation and as we mentioned on the call we are seeing tremendous volume improvement in Gatorade and again, its very hard to predict off of one or two periods what the long-term trend is going to be but right now we’re seeing wonderfully improving trends in Gatorade.  
Indra Nooyi: And in terms of irrational pricing, its difficult to point out countries, but I would tell you even in the United States it was interesting that the first eight weeks or so of the year started off well and we were gaining share, doing great and then all of a sudden we see a competitor dropping their pants in the last couple of weeks when the volume is missing.  So we see this behavior on and off, end of the quarter behavior but we live with it. Beyond that I think by country by period behavior varies all over the place so there isn’t any systematic behavior that I can point to. Damian Witkowski – Gabelli & Company: In the beginning in your prepared remarks you said that you were making progress on the Better For You and then you listed Lay’s and Sun Chips I believe, whole grains, that would not be counted as part of the Better For You would it, I just want to make sure I understand that part.
Indra Nooyi: Adding the whole grain, going to local flavor Lay’s, reducing the sodium content, all of that is Better For You. The Good For You is the Tropicana, the Quaker, so moving from Fun For You to Better For You is reducing salt, reducing sugar, adding more whole grain, all of that is the transition to Better For You.  Let me close with this, we are off to a solid start this year and we’re all very pleased with the progress we are all making this quarter. Our rigorous financial discipline has enabled us to grow even while we’ve made critical investments in our businesses. And as a result we are optimally poised to capture our fair share of growth as the worldwide economy improves. I am confident we have positioned the business to achieve our commitments for the year while also driving sustained top quartile performance well into the future. Thank you all for joining us this morning.
Hugh Johnston: I guess a couple of things on that, number one I think you should be looking at us from a marketplace perspective. If we’re driving improved marketplace performance over time then that’s a good indication that the deal is fulfilling the strategic intent and the financial intent of what we look to accomplish there.  Number two is are we delivering the synergies that we’ve crafted out for you. Now we’ve told you exactly what we intend to deliver. Most cost synergies early on, where revenue synergies obviously as we get later into the deal, so you should certainly be looking at that. And number three from our standpoint while the synergy numbers that we’ve put out there are the ones that we absolutely intend to deliver we’re also not going to stop there by any stretch of the imagination.  Our goal will be certainly to drive for as much as we can get as we always have and that’s been our history with previous acquisitions as well. So, I think the combination of marketplace performance and are we delivering the synergy numbers should give you the best indication as to how well we’re doing with the investment we’ve made here.
Hugh Johnston: Hey Marc before you sign off, I also did want to congratulate you on a fabulous start to the Yankee season.
Hugh Johnston: In addition to that let me just remind you of two things, number one, we have always been and will continue to be a highly disciplined company in terms of the way we review capital expenditures and any investments we’ll be making there will be delivering good returns.  The second thing is at the investor meeting we had indicated to you that we would expect CapEx to be in the 5% to 6% range and that’s what we will expect to continue to run going forward. Jonathan Feeney – Janney Montgomery Scott : Just to follow-up on your comment about cold drink, are you talking about cold drink in the US, internationally, or both. 
Hugh Johnston: I think you have to think about it in two pieces. As we talked about back at the investor meeting, we talked about base investment spend in each of the businesses and that’s going to go into areas like route add and A&M and those types of things.  And we will be adding that type of investment into our businesses in order to drive growth going into the future. In addition to that we’re certainly going to continue to invest in things over the top like China, like [nutrition co] like sustainability and those types of investments will take a little bit longer to pay back but they’re basically about building where we’re trying to strategically take the company as we spent a couple of days going through.  So, in terms of getting into specific markets and specific areas where we’re going to be investing it would probably be competitively inappropriate for me to get into that level of detail so I’d rather not do that. 
Hugh Johnston: Yes, it will come through in transaction FX and we’ve talked about that in total as a one point headwind, that’s the biggest factor in that. 
Hugh Johnston: As a one percentage point headwind to growth. I discussed that in the upfront script, yes. Total FX, its in that. 
Hugh Johnston: Well no, remember the monetary devaluation we took down at the corporate level, so that occurred up front. 
Hugh Johnston: I guess the best way to think about that is as you go through this process you certainly learn both in terms of the benefits you’re going to get as well as the costs you’re going to take on, the increase in cost was largely non-cash and it very much relates to the rationalization of some manufacturing assets both in the Gatorade as well as in the bottling business.  The net of it is the savings on that is still captured within the range of $125 to $150 million so as we refine the estimates that’s where we are right now and wanted to provide you with that update and also give you an update on cash versus non-cash. So, that’s really where we stand. 
John Compton: Overall the in the C store channel beginning in the second or third quarter of last year became challenged to say the least and while its improving its improving off the challenging base. So it isn’t I don’t think growing versus year ago yet although we’re starting to see some better trends. We did our Power of One promotion between Doritos Burn and Pepsi Cease Fire, and that certainly helped both businesses on the Pepsi Max and the Doritos business in March and we’re seeing that continue in April. So I would characterize it as improving but I still think it has a ways to go as the unemployment numbers need to improve and the overall economy needs to improve. 
John Compton: On the margin side we’ve said all along that we expect 2010 to be a year where the profit growth in the business is going to be higher than we’ve done historically. And that our volume will be in the sort of the low single-digit range and this is not a year where we’re going to get a lot of price mix so yes, there will be margin expansion at Frito-Lay during the course of the year.  That’s going to come through two areas and one is there is deflation in the business and two, the practices on productivity there continue to step up. We are making investments back into the business so that we can keep the volume growing and while we grew volume 1% in the quarter its sort of, I’d look at it in two different ways.  One is sort of the core salty business is growing at its historical rate in large format stores and where our volume has been impacted has been in the small format stores, C stores and food service. So once that starts to turn I think you’ll see Frito-Lay back to sort of its 2% to 3% growth rate that we’ve historically achieved.  In our adjacency side of the business that I talked about at the investor conference the Stacy’s business, the Sabra business, the Quaker snacks business that we execute through Frito-Lay continue to grow double-digit in some cases, in high single-digits in others.  So I think we’ve got a nice mix between the core and the adjacencies. The large format business remains strong and once small format business turns then the total volume growth in the company will be back to where it is and we will expand margins at Frito-Lay this year while investing back in the business. So a good start to Frito-Lay in the first quarter.
John Compton: We don’t give quarterly guidance but I think the first quarter is consistent with where we expect the business to perform during the course of the year. 
Caroline Levy – CLSA: Eric thank you for the net revenue per case discussion on March, but I’m just wondering what it looked like in January and February. 
Caroline Levy – CLSA: Can I just understand how the Venezuela devaluation effects operating income for the balance of the year. Pepsi Americas beverages I’m assuming is a big part of it. 
Caroline Levy – CLSA: Its total, I just didn’t know if in that division, there’s that, you’ve got a 50% devaluation, is that flowing through that operating income line. 
Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs: I guess my first question is really on Frito-Lay, on the positive side the margin improvement was very impressive in the first quarter I’m wondering if some of that was timing related and that as you increase spending in the back half whether margins behavior would be a little bit softer and then on the volume side, some of the data has shown continued sluggishness on the volume side even with pricing moderating and obviously you’re investing more behind the brands and innovation so maybe just talk about the volume performance there. 
Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs: But there wasn’t anything in terms of timing of spending that’s helped the first quarter versus maybe some of that gets taken out in the second quarter as you talk about spending going up. 
Judy Hong – Goldman Sachs: And then on the synergy numbers you’ve raised the cost to achieve the synergies but you haven’t raised the synergy target, obviously you’ve talked about going after other opportunity in terms of cost savings but the fact that you’re raising the cost to achieve these synergies, how should we think about that as it relates to the fact that you’re still looking for the $400 million in terms of cost savings. 
