Hugh Johnston: Great, thank you Indra and good morning, everyone. Let me spend a few minutes discussing the quarter and our upwardly revised core constant currency earnings per share outlook for 2014. For Q3, organic revenue grew 3%. On a reported basis, net revenue was 2% versus year ago, reflecting 1 point of unfavorable foreign exchange translation. Commodity costs had low single-digit inflation. Our core gross margin and core operating margin each rose 45 basis points. Core constant currency operating profit grew 5.5%. Our core effective tax rate was 24.2%. Our diluted share count declined 2% reflecting the benefits of our ongoing share repurchase program and core constant currency EPS grew 11%. On a rolling four quarter basis, our net capital spending is 4.1% of sales, which is well within our long-term target of less than or equal to 5% of net revenue and our core net return on invested capital improved by approximately 40 basis points and now stands at 16.9%. And we returned $6 billion to shareholders in the first three quarters in the form of dividends and share repurchases, which is almost 30% above year ago levels and reflective of our commitment to return cash to shareholders. Turning to guidance, as Indra mentioned, we have increased our full year core constant currency EPS growth target to 9%, up from 8% previously. In addition for the full year, we expect mid single-digit organic revenue growth, low single-digit commodity inflation and productivity savings of approximately $1 billion. Below the division operating profit line, we expect corporate cost efficiencies driven by productivity initiatives, a core effective tax rate of approximately 25% and a reduced share count from our share repurchase program. Foreign exchange is expected to negatively impact net revenue by 3 percentage points and core earnings per share by 4 percentage points for the full year 2014 based on current market consensus rates. Taking our 2013 core EPS of $4.37 and applying our guidance implies a 2014 core EPS of approximately $4.57. As you model out the fourth quarter, I would ask you to consider the following. We expect advertising and marketing expense to grow at a rate ahead of net revenue growth. And below the operating profit line, net interest expense is expected to increase in the fourth quarter, primarily reflecting higher debt balances and higher rates. From a cash flow perspective, we continue to expect full year free cash flow excluding certain items of more than $7 billion. We will continue to drive cash flow through efficient working capital management and continued tight controls over capital spending. Net capital spending is expected to be approximately $3 billion, which is well within our long-term target of less than or equal to 5% of net revenue. And we expect to return approximately $8.7 billion to shareholders in 2014, a 35% increase over 2013 through $3.7 billion in dividends and $5 billion in share repurchases. So, to summarize, we have increased our core constant currency EPS growth outlook for the full year 2014 to 9% from 8% previously. We expect to drive improved full year margins and net ROIC and disciplined capital allocation and returning cash to shareholders remain top priorities for the company. With that, operator, we will take the first question.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, happy to. Hey John, it’s Hugh. In terms of the Latin America numbers, we are obviously as is everyone else in this space benefiting from the relatively high overall inflationary environment there, what I can tell you is we are getting positive real pricing there and it is in line with what you would see the commodities basket cost growing in those markets. So if you look at it more from a global perspective and think about commodities inflation from a global perspective, we are getting pricing in line with that on a more real basis. Regarding your broader question on commodities without a doubt the commodities numbers overall are coming down. The couple of facts I would remind you on that. Number one, we have a very, very broad basket not one commodity accounts for even 10% of our overall commodities basket. Number two we do continue to follow the forward buying strategy that we have had in the past, so we tend to be about six to nine months out. So as those prices come down we will tend to see them reflected in our basket over time. We do that again because we want to give the businesses and our customers pricing predictability, I mean it’s been an effective strategy for us over the last few years. And number three, people tend to focus on a few market traded commodities, those market traded commodities represents somewhere between 30% or 40% of our overall basket. So I am not sure often times that the market focused commodities give a full picture of it. In terms of 2015 as it’s been our practice in the past we will comment on that in February timeframe because we think that’s the right time to give guidance to investors overall and we won’t try to parse out the pieces right now because it tends to create more confusion than benefit.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, absolutely Indra. So if you look over the last three quarters we have seen operating profit growth on a core constant currency basis of 7%, 3% and 5.5%. We have seen EPS growth of 10%, 3% and 11%. So I think that gap has been actually relatively constant over the course of the timeframe. What are the drivers between operating profit growth and EPS you really have three things going on? Interest cost without a doubt we are getting some leverage on that. The only thing that I would want to share on that front is we are operating right now in a zero net floating debt environment. We do have some floating debt but that is offset by floating cash held outside the U.S. So, I think from the standpoint of rising interest rates, we are relatively well protected compared to most of our peer companies in that regard. Obviously like everyone else, we would have some refinancing over time, but I think we have adopted a relatively conservative posture on the way that we are managing fixed float within the balance sheet. Number two, taxes are really coming in for the year right as we expected and that’s been a bit of a benefit for this year. And then number three, our share repurchase is obviously lowering the share count and that’s driving some of the gap from operating profit to EPS. We won’t talk about 2015 right now, but obviously as a company we have a long history of share repurchase and I would certainly expect we would continue that going forward.
Hugh Johnston: And in terms of addressing those premium innovation opportunities, we have been building more capability. You see products like Stacy’s Pretzel Crisps, you see products like Smartfood Selects, all of which are entering that premium space and to-date we have been quite successful with them. So, we would certainly expect to see that aspect improving over time.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. Bill, happy to answer the currency question, we take a basket of market currency rates and we follow the same methodology every quarter. And we have been consistent in taking that approach for quite a number of years. So I don’t think we will change that approach. You are right, in the last couple of quarters it’s come in a little bit lighter than the original forecast but it’s the best way I know of to do it. In addition to that as you all likely know we do hedge some transactional effects of foreign exchange, we do not hedge translation. We don’t think that’s a good use of investors’ money, so we don’t hedge accounting at all, we just take the market consensus rates. And then as the currencies flow we report them to you.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, why don’t I handle that one Mark? You are right, in the overall scheme of things there are three items. There is a small gain in the Quaker business related to the sale of a small cereal brand. There is a small gain from a bottling perspective in EMEA. And then there is the write-down of a small brand in Greece from an asset impairment perspective. If you net all of those three factors the grand total was a benefit to earnings of $11 million, so basically less than a penny of impact overall. More broadly, we do have a consistent set of principles we apply in terms of what is core versus non-core in the overall scheme of things it really is not a substantive impact to earnings.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. So and Mark to your point that there is obviously in a company the size of PepsiCo with $66 billion in revenue, 275,000 employees and operating in almost 200 countries there are lots of things that you would consider to be perhaps one-time in nature. The approach that we have taken on this is we have said in terms of a test of core versus non-core is a transaction one-time and then is it of a certain size. If we called everything above $1 million one-time we would be excluding an enormous number of items. So we have drawn a line in terms of the specific number that it equates to core versus non-core that number has been the same for years and we applied consistently in all of these transactions to your point are small but we do disclose them to allow investors to model them anyway they choose.
Indra Nooyi: Bryan, it’s a great question. And at this point, I’d say we feel good about the balance. We increased A&M spending. We are running at about 5.9% of sales. We increased R&D spending significantly over the past 3 to 4 years, because we really believe that investing in R&D in particular is critical to the future success of the company and we invested in that. We invested in foodservice equipment. That’s why the SPIRE equipments come out and is very successful today. So, at this point, we feel good about the investments we are making in product line transformation, media spending, advertising spending against our brands, and most importantly, long-term investment in R&D platforms. I agree with you that there is volatility in the world. And as we sort of model out 2015 and beyond, we will come back and talk about what the outlook is for the financials, but at this point, we feel comfortable with what we have articulated in terms of the long-term algorithm for the company and we feel comfortable about our productivity programs. So, I think we have to watch and wait.
Indra Nooyi: Thanks Ali. I am going to have Hugh walk you through the details and I presume the first thing you are saying is it’s good that PepsiCo is delivering good results. So with that let me turn it to you Hugh.
Indra Nooyi: In terms of sustainability, Hugh, I mean our long-term guidance has been mid single-digit operating profit and high single-digit EPS. And that’s really the envelope in which we are operating.
Indra Nooyi: Yes. Dara, I think overall in Q3, food industry sales in retail was challenging. And within that, Frito-Lay performed well, in fact, was the best performer in that group. And sequentially from the first quarter of the year to the third quarter, the share loss has narrowed. Now, let me be clear, the share loss is really to premium players who don’t last for long time in the market people come in and out of the market. And Frito has been very careful not to react to players who are not long-term players in the marketplace. So, Frito has been playing a very, very responsible game. What we have been trying to do at Frito is to say, let’s make the core very solid, deliver on the core and start expanding the shoulders of the business in a profitable way. And I think Frito in this very difficult environment has done a very good job balancing pound growth, revenue growth and profit growth and that’s why you have seen relatively steady performance from Frito in what I would consider is a very challenging overall retail environment for all kinds of food. I mean, center of the store is particularly challenged, but I would say overall, food industry sales are challenged, but Frito has been a shining star. So, I think overall whether this is a new normal or not I don’t know, it really depends on the overall environment, but within this environment, Frito has been performing quite well and the share losses have been coming down. And we don’t like any share losses, I will be honest with you, but we have to make sure the business behaves very responsibly and that’s what they have been doing.
Indra Nooyi: I will speak to the second point and then Hugh will speak to the first one. I believe discriminatory taxes on certain categories are just wrong. I think we have to understand what the issue is we are trying to address and address it in a holistic way. We will make our case and hope that the voters are sensible enough to look at the right answer to address whatever issue they are addressing. With that, let me turn it over to Hugh.
Indra Nooyi: Mark, most importantly we publicly disclosed exactly what the gains are and if there are any charges against it so you can model out the impact on earnings from our disclosures.
Indra Nooyi: Let me talk overall about Western Europe and then talk about Russia and Ukraine. I would say when you have poor weather or when you have some macro factor we have to worry about how we perform in that environment. So for example Western Europe volumes in beverage decelerated a bit in Q3 because the weather was poor, but otherwise I would say the overall Western European markets are doing quite well. Yes, we have a retail situation that’s quite interesting in the UK, but our brands are strong and we are powering through that. When it comes to Russia and Ukraine, again, we sell dairy products, juice as well as snacks and soft drinks. Dairy and juice tend to be much more stable kind of products for Russian consumers. So, even though the Russian market is going through its challenges in terms of the devaluation of the ruble and the hryvnia in Ukraine and also inflation in raw materials for dairy in particular, our top line growth is still mid single-digit. So, we are holding on the top line growth. The real challenge is what’s the impact to the bottom line? A lot of the products we sell in Russia are made in Russia. We sourced a lot of our raw materials from local suppliers. So that part is okay, but anything that’s imported clearly is impacted by the devaluation of the ruble and then any translation of Russian profit is impacted by the devaluation of the ruble. So, at this point, we are watching and waiting and to see how the Russian market evolves, but our growth is still in the mid single-digits and we are doing okay.
Indra Nooyi: Yes. When it comes to the performance in convenience stores, the overall – we are holding share in LRB in Q3 and whether it’s in CSDs or isotonics, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, what we feel good about in Q3 is that we held LRB share in this highly competitive marketplace. I think since we bought back the bottlers, we have actually been able to do a few things. One, we have invested in foodservice, because we have put routes back into local foodservice. We are able to go after national accounts without any discussion of bottlers versus the parent company. And as a consequence, we have been winning big accounts and we are beginning to actually increase our shares in colleges and universities and local foodservice accounts. So, I think our foodservice performance is improving. Again, as you know in foodservice, you don’t see big improvements in a short timeframe. You have got to build this business very, very steadily, so that you balance growth with profitable growth. And so I think over the next few years, you start beginning to see meaningful contributions from our foodservice business, one because we are fixing the core beverage foodservice business, which is a critical driver of foodservice and then we are able to leverage that beverage foodservice to sell more snacks. So, the better together really works with foodservice. And overall execution, we have – since we have bought back the bottlers we have invested so much in terms of improving our manufacturing lines to have more packaging flexibility. We have put more routes back in the marketplace. We have put in more tools – given more tools to the frontlines, so that they can actually sell better at the point of sale. I think overall our execution has improved substantially. And that’s why you are seeing several quarters now, where we are holding share in the LRB category and we are doing it in a very responsible way, because we are also able to get pricing. We are getting low single-digit pricing in the marketplace in North America and we are able to push through all our innovation. I mean, the market is fragmenting quite a bit and we have got to have a distribution system that’s completely aligned with the brand company, so that you can get all this innovation into the marketplace. And by removing any friction that exists in the system, we are actually able to get all of our products to the marketplace. So, overall, we feel pretty good about the progress we are making in North American beverages and how well North American beverages and Frito-Lay are working together to really service both retail customers and foodservice customers to help us improve the performance of North American beverages substantially. And in terms of convenience store performance, it’s ahead of overall performance by about 50 basis points.
Indra Nooyi: Yes. I mean I think what the beverage business is doing is focusing on revenue management and productivity in addition to innovation. Innovation is driving top line growth nicely and getting good price realization. And all of our revenue management initiatives backed up by more packing flexibility is actually helping this business. And remember all of our productivity initiatives touch the North American beverage business too. So taken together the business is beginning to hit its stride and our net realized pricing in the quarter in North American beverages was in the low-single digits. We actually feel very good about the pricing that we have been able to get. Now you asked about the sustainability of this. We will continue to do the revenue management work, the productivity work, the innovation. We will continue to do everything that’s in our control. And we will continue to play a very responsible game in this marketplace. And then we will just see how the marketplace evolves. But at this point we are cautiously optimistic about the outlook for North American beverages. So let me just close by reiterating that we are pleased with our results to-date. We are confident that our plans are working and we are on track to deliver our financial targets for 2014. I thank you for your time and questions this morning and for the confidence you have placed in us with your investment. Have a wonderful day.
