Zein Abdalla: Thank you, Indra, and good morning, everyone. Despite the well-known challenges in Europe, we continue to build momentum in our business, beginning with a very solid performance in Q1 followed by strong results in Q2. We grew our organic net revenue by 3% and delivered 15% growth in our core constant currency net operating profits. We've done this through a disciplined approach to pricing and mix management, together with terrific execution against an aggressive productivity agenda. A particular highlight this quarter has been our acceleration in Eastern Europe, where our successful integration of Wimm-Bill-Dann and our Power of One initiatives drove outstanding results in Russia. Our success has really been enabled by the transformation we've made to our business over the last few years, with a strong focus on expanding in the faster-growing Eastern European markets, encompassing a broader set of categories to cater for more consumer needs and day part, a portfolio that is wonderfully balanced across Fun-for-You, Better-for-You and Good-for-You, which is the best way to compete in this region. In 2008, less than 25% of Europe's revenue mix came from the east. And by last year, that figure had increased to well over 50%. And this portfolio transformation is helping us weather the macroeconomic headwinds facing other parts of Europe. PepsiCo Europe's increasingly diverse category portfolio -- about 40% of net revenue comes from snack, with the remainder well balanced across noncarbonated beverages, DSDs and dairy -- has positioned us to respond to changing consumer preferences and to strengthen our mix. Central to these changes has been PepsiCo's journey in Russia, one we embarked upon some 50 years ago. Through our recent investments, we've built the largest food and beverage business in Russia, a powerhouse business primed for growth and positioned to capitalize on the market with lots of growth potential. PepsiCo Russia net revenues now represent some 40% of our total sector's revenue, and Russia is growing profit at the fastest rate in Europe. We have leading positions in multiple categories: savory snacks, juice, tea, water, energy and dairy, with a portfolio of strong global and local brands. In fact, we now have 10 of the top 25 nonalcoholic food and beverage brands in Russia, each with retail sales of more than $250 million. By building on this strong base, PepsiCo Russia provides a gateway to more than 400 million consumers. It's our base for expanding successfully across Eastern and Central Europe, and we started to see the benefits of this in the quarter with accelerated growth in Ukraine and other CIS markets. The integration of Wimm-Bill-Dann is progressing very well. Adding this to the Power of One business infrastructure we had already put into place across our Russian businesses, we've been able to drive significant synergies and productivity. We have a fully integrated and low-cost supply chain and back office, delivering substantial cost synergies. We have tremendous go-to-market advantage with unparalleled reach across the organized and traditional trade channels. We've created a single-sales structure to our top 8 national accounts, enabling us to capitalize on the benefits of scale to enhance customer engagement. We've integrated our foodservice teams in Moscow and St. Petersburg, now delivering dairy, juice, beverages and snacks to on-premise and social channels. The top line synergies have come in, in the form of convergence and brand building and go-to-market, which is the recent launch of Oats products under Chudo branding and with single-serve kefir, or drinkable yogurt, being distributed through the PepsiCo system. All this is helping us to deliver strong revenue realization through selective pricing, portfolio management and strong, speedy innovation. We have very strong share positions across our strategic categories in Russia. Highlights include very favorable savory snack share, with 1.9 percentage point value share gains year-to-date, and strong CSD share, with 0.8 percentage point value share gains year-to-date. In short, we are pleased with our results in Europe overall, enabled by a well-architected geographic and product portfolio, with Russia and the balance of Eastern Europe well positioned to be a substantial growth engine, not only for -- in the European sector but for all of PepsiCo.
Zein Abdalla: Bryan, on Russia, I'd say the performance is just very balanced across top line initiatives and management of the cost [indiscernible] to productivity initiatives. Clearly, as we put these businesses together, we have tremendous scale benefits as we drive supply chain consolidation, and that, obviously, is helping -- they're helping margin expansions. But equally, we're able to drive now a much more positive mix as we drive our brands into the convenience channel, and also, we build out innovation that is highly accretive, highly accretive to the margin mix. So it's a very good balance across both.
Zein Abdalla: Clearly. I mean, Russia is an attractive market across all -- for all of the multinationals. But we enjoy considerable scale and considerable operating history in Russia. What it's allowed us to do is to build a talented management team and a capability across many years. So I mean, our sources of competitive advantage are both scale and the -- of the development of the capability of our business over time.
Brian C. Cornell: Yes. And John, I think as you've seen, there has been considerable weakness in the core grocery channel, but that's being offset by growth in other channels: foodservice, C-store and, certainly, club. So as we look at our business, we're managing through those channel mixes and making sure we're making profitable investments to grow our business and sustain the volume in those channels.
Brian C. Cornell: This is Brian Cornell. We're seeing very consistent performance trends in both the convenience and gas channels. Their traffic trends remain strong. They're seeing broad growth across regions, but very, very consistent traffic and revenue gains. So it's a channel that's performing very consistently across the country with strong traffic and revenue gain.
Brian C. Cornell: Yes. As Indra mentioned, we took a very disciplined approach to managing revenue and our channel mix during the quarter. We're really focused on investing in brand building, in innovation and continuing to deliver the productivity initiatives at Frito. I expect that's going to serve us well as we go into Q3 and Q4, and you're starting to see evidence of that in our P4 share result, particularly during the important 4th of July period where we grow -- we grew share at Frito. So I think we're well positioned right now to continue to see performance improvement in Q3 and Q4. We're going to continue to focus on being very disciplined in our revenue management and channel management mix and continue to invest in our brands and innovation to make sure that we can continue to deliver sustainable growth at Frito.
Brian C. Cornell: Ali, it would be. I think we expect to see improved performance in the third and fourth quarter. The benefits of our investments in brand, the continued focus on innovation and productivity should show improvements in our third and fourth quarter results.
Albert P. Carey: I'll just add one thing. It was mentioned earlier that the discounting for holidays, that's a disproportionate amount of the business, and we need to spread the value throughout the month rather than just during those holiday peak periods. And I think we're doing some work on that right now that I have optimism for in the future.
Albert P. Carey: I'd add to that, and say that sometime ago, the convenience business was losing a fair amount of their volume for cigarettes, and they have done a pretty good job of offering food service that I think has picked up their business. So our trends are very solid in the convenience business.
Albert P. Carey: Well, I think 2 areas that will help us improve in the future, and this is balancing out the value across the month in the large format. And we're working on that, but it's tricky. It'll take us a little bit of time to get there. And the second thing is to offer flexible package opportunities in that channel as well, which we're putting capacity and capability in our system right now, so that in 2013, you'll see us offer more flex packaging, different packages that will be variety packs and those kinds of things in the marketplace.
Albert P. Carey: Yes. Brand Pepsi, the campaign began in about April, and it's very early to try to indicate whether or not we've seen a result. But the thing that I like to look at is our single-serve business, which will be a first indicator, and that's usually not impacted by these holiday discounting overlaps. So we see growth in brand Pepsi on single serve for the first time in a very long time, and our brand equity scores have improved for the second quarter. So some improvement. We have Pepsi Next in the marketplace that is delivering about what we expected, very happy with it. And in the just recent few weeks, we've just launched the -- a new TV campaign and also 2 new flavors of the product. So let's say, cautiously optimistic on that brand.
Hugh F. Johnston: John, this is Hugh. The only thing I'd add to that is, one of the things that's important to us in large format is that we have consistency in our pricing across the channels, and that's been a real point of emphasis for us. So to the degree that, that has something of an impact on volumes, particularly in areas like bottled water where we're not electing to go chase that type of volume, we don't view that as detrimental to the performance of the business nor do we do it as value creating by chasing those things. So from our standpoint, we're trying to maintain consistent levels of pricing discipline across large format channels.
Hugh F. Johnston: Bryan, it's Hugh. Regarding Tingyi, we haven't disclosed specifics on the bottom line on that. It sufficed to say, in the context of the overall AMEA business, that we clearly got a bit of a benefit but it was not, by any stretch of the imagination, the big driver. The big driver was the organic performance of the business. Russia.
Hugh F. Johnston: Kaumil, this is Hugh. I'll handle that -- this one. From the perspective of 2012, because of the forward buying or the hedging program that we have in place, really, nothing to discuss in that regard. Obviously, and I talked about this in the past, we're out about 9 months. So we were also starting to buy into 2013, given that it's already -- it was already June before the drought situation really started to hit and before prices started to pop in the last couple of weeks. The thing I would tell you in that regard is while grains are certainly up, remember that there is no individual commodity that accounts for even 10% of PepsiCo's overall commodity buy. So grains are up. Aluminum's obviously moved in the other direction. Oil and all of the things that flow out of energy move in the other direction. So really nothing to report in terms of 2013 at this point, because we're not going to get into that until we get into pricing and get into more of the details of 2013. I do, though, just want to remind you that our basket of commodities is pretty broad. So I know corn's certainly been in the news, but we buy an awful lot of other commodities as well. And the commodities numbers are moving both up and down depending on the individual commodity.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes. Right now, Kaumil, we're still basically saying we're going to spend 5.7%, which was the number that we originally put out for the year. But we'll obviously continue as the year evolves to look at opportunities. And as the overall margin mix of the business comes in to the degree that we do have upsides, we will look to invest it behind -- behind brand-building activities. So -- but no, the 5.7% is still the number that we're talking to right now. The one thing to keep in mind in that regard, though, is there is marketing that we spend in the A&M line, which shows up through SG&A. There's also marketing in joint ventures that gets reported just in the consolidated joint venture line. And then there is marketing that is -- it comes in the form of bottler support, but it's bottler support that is clearly A&M that occurs between gross and net revenue. Where we talked about 5.2% to 5.7%, we were talking specifically about the SG&A, and that's the number that we're still saying is going to be consistent. But to the degree that we choose to do some more marketing through bottlers, you could see some of those numbers change as well. We'll talk about that in Q4 as to where all of the numbers came out, but the one thing I want to emphasize is there's no change in the 5.7% number. That's the number that we are managing to, and that's the number we'll look to hit. And as the business presents more opportunities, we'll evaluate what types of brand-building investment opportunities are before us at that time.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes. I mean, to talk to the ones that are doing better, Lay's was notably strong in the quarter. We really saw terrific results on Lay's, and Gatorade, we also saw terrific results on. The Lemon-Lime, still a little bit more work to do.
Hugh F. Johnston: This is Hugh. No -- I'm sorry, we didn't raise the efficiency target. So we said $1 billion -- $1 billion plus this year, $3 billion over 3 years. And that's exactly where we are. No change on that at all.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes. Bill, why don't I take a shot at that, because that's a big causal chain you just laid out. The thing that -- first and foremost, the thing to keep in mind is, the way we talk about media is that's publicly reported media data. Okay? And that's based on the actual spending that's going into the marketplace. At the same time, when we talk about advertising and marketing expense, which is obviously inside of SG&A, that's curved over the volume curve during the course of the year. And you have to consider those numbers from 2 perspectives: number one, what's happening this year with the curve; and then number two, what's happened last year with the curve. And the way our spending -- or the way our curve worked last year was, you saw the A&M number fall off during the latter portion of the year. So we had, from an expense standpoint, more of the spending in the first half of the year, relatively speaking, compared to the 2012 timing of the spend. So it's almost impossible to connect the media number to the A&M expense in the P&L. I wouldn't spend a whole lot of time doing that. And what I wanted to do when I gave you the A&M expense timing comments was not so much to tie to the media spend, but rather to connect the fact that the year-over-year impact in H1 versus the year-over-year of impact in H2, it's much more substantial in H2. So hopefully, that kind of addresses your A&M question. Regarding the bottling or the beverage -- PAB business and the impact on margins, there's 2 things to keep in mind there that are also important to balance out. On the one hand, the convenience store business performance was strong. On the other hand, the inflation that we have inside of PepsiCo, particularly in beverages, is much more front loaded than it is back loaded. So those 2 are probably having something of an offsetting effect, and therefore, in the back half of the year, you should see the margin impacts start to improve really in the PAB business in the back half of the year, due to the commodities overlap timing muting, while we certainly expect the C-store business to continue to perform well.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes. Bill, we actually can hedge out PET pretty well because of the nature of the relationships that our global procurement team has created. You're right in saying there's no market to do that. But through suppliers, we've been pretty successful in moving our PET buy further and further out over the last couple of years. So in terms of your question on any benefit, the answer is basically no. From our perspective, the commodities for this year have been largely hedged out for a couple of months now. So not a whole lot of change is going be coming in the balance of the year on that.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes. Ali, this is Hugh. From the standpoint of CSDs, again, we -- our focus was, first and foremost, on let's make sure that we get the right place -- pricing into the marketplace and let's make sure we maintain the consistent funding behind the brands and behind the innovation that we've launched this year. So as you know, because you've been around the consumer space for a while, when you're doing brand building and innovation types of build, it takes a bit longer for those things to get traction. But when they get traction, they are more advantaged than simply dropping price, and that's the strategy that we've chosen to follow. And frankly, the expectations that we had for the volumes in the business are basically right on where we would have expected them to come out, both from a volume perspective and from a market share perspective, in terms of the reported market share numbers that are out there. Regarding the other piece, the non-carbs in the overall volumes, I think the other factor that you have to consider is around this whole area of water and, in particular, case-packed water. We're in the business. We promoted sufficiently to stay in the business, but we're not interested in chasing case-packed water pricing down. We just don't think that's the right strategy for us. We do think it's an important part of the overall Aquafina business, but we do -- we promote it just enough to really maintain our relevance. On the other hand, the single-serve side of water is -- obviously, it's a great business. It's a profitable business. We like that business quite a bit, but we're not interested in chasing volume just by promoting case-packed water at the end of the quarter.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes. So basically, the way the numbers came in, North America volumes were down 2; North America volumes on CSDs were down 4; and non-carbs were up 1.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes. Ali, this is Hugh. I hear your feedback on that one. And one of the things that we do every year is we both look at the disclosure to ensure that we're maintaining the right level of transparency without, obviously, giving away anything that would be competitively sensitive. Now SG&A would be less concerning in that regard, although I'm not crazy about the idea of breaking out JV profitability. I hear your feedback on that. We, at the same time, also look at other big multinationals, and we're trying to position ourselves where we're certainly at or better than most in terms of disclosure. But at a certain point, it also makes sense to limit the amount of disclosure based on, frankly, not giving away competitive information. So I appreciate the perspective. We're going to take a look at it again during the course of the fall as we think about 2013, and perhaps we can talk off-line a little bit more about some of the detailed thoughts that you have on that. It'd be helpful to get your point of view.
Indra K. Nooyi: And I think we have innovation and good execution of the DSD system. We were able to drive growth in this channel. Traffic still seems to be okay, Dara.
Indra K. Nooyi: Yes. Judy, if you recall, I think it was at CAGNY when John Compton presented, he talked about the Frito-Lay business growing at the 2 ends, the value and the premium side, and we had a very, very, very strong position in the middle. The middle continues to grow. We were looking for the right model to compete against the value segment of the business and the premium segment. The premium segment, we started to compete with our growth ventures business, and that's doing very well. Again, also for small base. But it's doing well, and that growth will continue. Our challenge is to figure out the right model to play against the value players without impacting the middle, and we wanted to make sure we did it the right way and not take down the pricing level of the middle. And that's why when Brian talked about playing the channels and the portfolio very carefully, we want to make sure that we keep the pricing in place and don't take it down, because getting pricing back in the market is much harder than tweaking the product portfolio to go against specific consumer needs. So as the year goes on, you see improvement in Frito-Lay because we are fine-tuning the model and doing better as the quarters go on.
Indra K. Nooyi: And, Ali, we started the year across all of PepsiCo saying, "Don't chase volume for the sake of volume, chase share in a very responsible way." So we've tried to balance volume, pricing, revenue and profit in a very, very balanced way through the first half of the year.
Indra K. Nooyi: Ali, the other thing, too, is we don't have as much of a tailwind on the distribution of energy drinks as anybody else might have. And second, our foodservice business is substantially different. As you know, our footprint is very different, and therefore, our foodservice volume uplift is overall lower than it might be for other people. So if you take into account these fundamental structural differences in our respective businesses, between us and competition, you'd see that we held value share, which is what we are focused on, in the measured channel business, and on foodservice, we gained share but from a very, very small base. And the energy drink is the big wildcard and something we distribute but we not -- we don't get as much tailwind as the market does.
Indra K. Nooyi: But, Ali, I'll tell you one thing. When we look at productivity, we look at every item of the cost structure, including G&A: what's the corporate unallocated, what's the infrastructure running to the sectors and are we actually making that bucket more and more efficient over time? And so, from an internal management of the cost structure, believe me, we are maniacally focused on any sort of overhead structure to run this company. And based on all of our benchmarks, our core G&As around the company is among the lowest of any multinational company. So we feel good about the way we're managing G&A. So let me just close by saying Q2 marked good progress against a clear, focused game plan that's allowing us to compete effectively today while positioning us for sustainable, long-term growth and shareholder value creation. And you have my and our entire leadership team's commitment that we'll continue to act with great urgency to deliver against our 2012 targets and our strategic objectives. So let me close by thanking you all for joining us and for the confidence you place in us with your investment. Have a great day.
