Hugh Johnston: I think you covered most of it, Indra. Two small items that I would add that I think are worth mentioning. Number one, the investments we've made in technology are not just making our selling system more productive by putting not just handhelds in the hands of our route salesmen, but actually putting iPads in the hands of our district managers, enabling them to be more effective and to manage more basically with the same or less resources. And the same is true of management more broadly in the G&A bucket. By virtue of leveraging the technology advancements that are out there, we’re making our management frankly more productive, and that's enabled us to do more with less. The other item that I would point to is we implemented support spending really late last year and into this year and we are seeing the benefits of that. Whether it's across travel or consultants or facilities, we have gotten smarter with our spending. And as a result, you are seeing flow-through of that productivity into margin improvement.
Hugh Johnston: Yeah, happy to. Good morning, Ali. Regarding North America, price mix was one, but it was actually a strong one. I think the number was exactly 1.3. And that is, as you said, a combination of price mix. We are continuing to get good pricing in carbonated soft drinks. The couple of factors I would remind you of is we do have deflationary commodities right now. So you’re seeing a little bit less of that pricing flow through into retailers as we have deflationary commodities. The other is, we do have a negative water mix going on. So on the one hand, non-carbs were quite positive. But a portion of that was water which is, obviously, from a price mix perspective, negative. So, in total, with the 1.30 of price mix that we got, along with good productivity, you saw a profit of 10% in the quarter. So we think we’ve got a very healthy mix of pricing and productivity in that market right now. And frankly, we see nothing but rational pricing going on in the marketplace. Regarding AMENA, a couple of factors there. Number one, we did see some bottlers reducing their concentrate inventories. So the volume number that you see relative to the revenue number is in part driven by the fact that volume is driven by bottle and case sales and revenue was driven by concentrate shipments. So the numbers aren't quite as negative as they look in terms of what flows through the balance of the P&L. In addition to that, the pricing was not particularly in India, both in the snacks and in the beverage businesses. And those were both factors in the numbers for the quarter.
Hugh Johnston: Indra, the only thing I would add to that – and Bill you mentioned it specifically – we didn't, but I would not overrate the impact of weather in the summer. While it’s undoubtedly true, it was a very hot summer, last summer was also a very hot summer. So I'm not sure it was a particularly large overlap. You didn’t hear us talk about weather in Q2 when it was cool in the spring. You won’t hear us talk much about weather right now. We’re focused on the things we can control, as Indra mentioned in her opening.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. Steve, good morning. This is Hugh. As we disclosed in the release this morning, North America had slightly deflationary commodities. So from that perspective, it was undoubtedly a tailwind, but not a huge tailwind. The bigger drivers were number one, pricing. As you saw and as I mentioned earlier, we have 1.3 in North America beverages; in snacks, we had about 1.5 to 2 points of pricing. And then the balance of it was really productivity, whether it was continuing to expand our automation programs, continuing to leverage technology and SG&A, continuing to leverage Smart Spending to manage our non-labor costs and operating expense down. The big drivers were just flow-through off of that productivity to deliver the positive margin result, while at the same time investing significantly more money in advertising and marketing to drive all of the product innovation that's enabling the top line. So in some, we really do have this virtuous cycle going in that’s typically a sign of success in the CPG space. 
Hugh Johnston: Yeah. The incremental investments in those markets as well as elsewhere really fall into three categories. Number one is around advertising and marketing to support the innovation that we’ve launched. Number two is research and development to enable us to accelerate our innovation into 2017 and beyond. And number three is investments that will enable us to continue to drive productivity across the P&L. So without getting into the specifics of each of those individual markets, those are the three big buckets in which we’re investment.
Indra Nooyi: And I think the part that we all feel good about is that the Smart Spending program, the emphasis was on smart. We wanted to make sure that we never cut into topline driving initiatives. And I think we are succeeding doing that.
Indra Nooyi: We’re in a troubled global economic environment. But in spite of that, I'd say, a lot of the emerging, developing markets in Q3 showed some signs of improvement. Now, whether they last or not, we don't know. But at this point, they’re looking pretty good. Russia, we did see some improvement. The Pacific Rim, good economies, all from – the entire ASEAN was, if you want to put it that way. India is looking good. Even China is looking much than it did in the early part of the year. I'm just talking overall economic, not just our business. Then if you come over to Europe, Russia, clearly, we are seeing signs of improvement. And this is even before the oil prices started to stabilize and improve. East Europe still looks all right. Western Europe is not getting worse, so that's a good sign. And when you come to Latin America, look, we have good businesses there. And there's no question, Argentina had a troubled year. Brazil is having its share of troubles. But I'd say that, overall, the economy seemed to be holding up. But, more importantly, our businesses seemed to be performing quite well because retailers turn to us to deliver more of the growth because we have high velocity categories and we take labor off the store through our DSD systems. So I think retailers are turning more and more to us to deliver a lot of the growth. Overall, I’d say cautiously optimistic about emerging and developing markets.
Indra Nooyi: I think NAB has been doing a great job in terms of innovation, very sensible marketing programs and then execution has improved quarter by quarter. And so, I'm very proud of this NAB team. Clearly, Gatorade has done very well. Marketing programs are good. Execution is very, very good. It’s been a good summer. All of those together did drive the growth of all beverages and definitely Gatorade. As far as the rest of the categories go, we’re playing the long game. We want to play the total beverage portfolio because we want to make sure that we go where the consumer is going. So teas are up, coffee is doing well, hydration is doing well, products like Kickstart which are sort of soft energy products, I’d say, are doing well. I think, overall, the category is doing – our business is doing quite well and we are gaining LRB share, which is really our focus. Lastly, food service is doing well. It’s an area that we underperformed in many years ago with the bottlers coming back and we’ve reinvested in food service. And that's growing too. So, overall, I’d say, innovation, incredible focus on execution, followed by productivity. All three are delivering good results in NAB.
Indra Nooyi: Kevin, I think, first of all, we want to deliver on what we promised. So the five-year $5 billion program, that’s a big productivity program. And we’re singular focused on delivering that five-year $5 billion program. And we’re pretty confident we will. The first two years has been good. And as is typical of us at PepsiCo, as we think about delivering the five-year $5 billion program, we’re constantly looking for new ways to deliver more productivity. But at this point, it’s five-year $5 billion and we’re doing just fine along those lines. In terms of Monster and Mutant, hey, there can only be one Mountain Dew. I think there’s only one Mountain Dew. And we’re focused on growing Mountain Dew. And if I were you, I’d go buy a Mountain Dew and enjoy it.
Indra Nooyi: I think it’s all balanced across the board. And I’d say in some of the emerging and developing markets, it runs higher than 9% because we take products developed in the developed markets and we send it there. But I’d say, on balance, it’s plus or minus 1% around 9% in terms of emerging, developing and developed markets and then beverages and snacks.
Indra Nooyi: So thank you all for your questions. In closing, let me just say that we are confident we have the right strategies in place and we’re executing very well. We are pleased with our results for the quarter and year-to-date. We’re on track to deliver our target for the year and we look forward to sharing with you our sustainability vision and goals for the coming decades in the weeks ahead. And as always, thank you for the trust you’ve placed in us with your investment. We remain absolutely committed to increasing its value. Thank you.
