John Compton: Bill, hi it’s John. Yes, our single-serve flex business did improve sequentially in the quarter versus Q1, and I think it was driven by two factors. One is our C&G business is strengthening and that business, that channel grew around 3% to 4% for us that had been flat to slightly declining in Q4 of 2009 and Q1 of this year. The second is the food service business, and in part, that was driven by the national distribution of Doritos in Taco Bell, but food service more broadly are strengthening for us, notably at Subway and some other customers. So, together single-serve flex performed much better, and the Power of One initiative that we have just kicked off for the C&G channel this summer, I think will all strengthen that. The first time question, Bill, was one where the category continues to grow in line with population growth, around 1% volume growth, and we are growing slightly faster that particularly in dollars. And if you look at Frito-Lay year-to-date, it still remains the fastest growing consumer package goods company in North America and not by a small measure but by almost 2 to 3 points relative to most other consumer package goods companies. The only businesses that are posting positive growth year-to-date are store brands other than Frito-Lay. So, I still think that Frito-Lay is growing stronger, we have great programs coming in the back half of the year. As we had in the prepared comments where we begin to laugh with 20% more free bags positively in Q4 of this year. We have even greater deflation in the back half of the year. So, I think Frito-Lay was strengthened in the back half.Bill Pecoriello – Consumer Edge Research: Great, thank you very much.
John Compton: Yes, John. Remember, as we have said, the 20% more free lapping on Frito-Lay continues through Q3, and that sort of mutes the volume impact. And in Q4, that goes away. So, I am looking at the unit growth number around 3%, and that should predict the volume growth number as we head into the fourth quarter. So, when you put Q3 and Q4 together and sort of look at half two compared to half one, yes, you will see volume growth in half two compared to half one driven by the beginning of the fourth quarter.
John Compton: As I said, I am pleased with C&G. It’s strengthening sequentially sort of each period for us, and this summer is the first we have seen of a national broad-based Power of One initiative between our beverage business and snack business, we are just into that as we speak. We will see how that plays out over the summer, but we are not going to stop there, we are going to continue to do that in the fourth quarter as well. So, I think C stores progressively are going to improve.
Indra Nooyi: What I think out of one initiatives that provide a more value in C&G stores and making them an attractive destination for all consumers.
Indra Nooyi: Carlos, on Gatorade, let me add my comments to what Massimo said. I think the G Series launch and, you know, having a differentiated offering for GMC and Dick’s Sporting Goods versus mainstream channels is the first time in, I think 10 years that we have had such major innovation coming from Gatorade which is really the category and the first time that sports enthusiasts all over the world, I mean, real participants are having meaningful hydration innovation brought to them. So, we are very optimistic about the innovation pipeline. Remember, we are just about three or four months into the launch and while the early indications are very positive, I think there is lot more upside to the future, because O1 which is the prime product had to go on allocation very quickly, because the demand was so high for that, we just added capacity. And our protein recovery products which is O3, I think is the best protein recovery product on the marketplace, and we need to give it its own identity and pump it up. So, we are very optimistic about the future of the whole G Series launch, and as we go into 2011, you will see a lot more innovation around G Series differentiated for different groups, you know, people who exercise versus people who are hardcore athletes. You will see lot of interesting innovation coming out of the Gatorade. So, I think the core Gatorade franchise, the brand equity of course are moving up very, very nicely, the advertising is working, and we feel very good about where Gatorade is headed. So, that’s Gatorade. Let’s turn to convenience stores. Again, you heard what John Compton said about, the C store business is improving, local food service is improving, all these are positive signs. But let’s not forget that we are still in a difficult economic situation. Unemployment rates are still very, very high and lot of the C-store traffic was driven by construction workers and driven by people who are willing to pay the up-charge, when they go to a C-store, they were willing to pay for convenience. Now, what has happened in C stores is that the value proposition in C stores has improved. C stores themselves have changed their pricing equation and people like PepsiCo have provided very compelling Power of One program to bring traffic back into C stores. So, in a way, I think we are one of the people driving traffic into the C stores. Balance of year, you will see a lot more Power of One initiatives that continue, and our goal is to make C stores a compelling destination for people who don’t want to spend a lot of money in a large format store, but have a small amount of money to just spend to get immediate hydration needs fulfilled or the short-term snacking needs fulfilled. So, that’s our strategy going forward. But I will tell you, given the economic environment, given where we are seeing all of the unemployment figures headed, let’s take it a quarter at a time and look and see how this whole C store business evolves. I don’t want to make any prediction for how this is going to evolve balance of the year.
Indra Nooyi: I will just tell you about the North American beverage business and I am going to toss it to Zein. I will tell you, the North American beverage volume which was only down one for the quarter on an organic basis is a tremendous sequential improvement versus first quarter of this year. So, we feel very good about the trends of the North American business. In spite of a difficult category and interesting competitive activity, so I think we feel good about the improvement. But more importantly, Christine, we have been very careful in managing price equation and making sure we don’t chase unprofitable volume. And so, we have been judicious in our approach, and that’s why you are seeing improved profitability across the portfolio. Let me now turn it to Zein to talk about Europe and then come back to Eric Foss to see, Eric, if you have got anything to add on this particular issue. Go ahead Zein.
Indra Nooyi: No surprises. I would tell you, the teams are working exceedingly well together, and I think it’s hard to separate out now the bottling companies from the original PepsiCo, everybody is blended in so well. And as Hugh said, if there are upsides to our synergy targets, because we constantly look for them, we will come back and give you an update. So, as we do in every quarterly call, we will give you an update on the synergy estimates, and if we exceeded, we will talk about it.
Indra Nooyi: The thing is that we feel good about the fact that we have these opportunities. We have opportunities in China because our spending is giving us volume growth and improved profitability. The investments we made behind our brands in North America resulting in tremendous improvements in brand equity scores. The investments we are making in NutritionCo, our strategic investments we are confident will start paying dividends starting 2011 and beyond. So, as Hugh said, we are looking at the fact that we have so many investments in front of us, and each of these investments have a pretty good return in front of it, some in the short term, some in the medium and long term. So, we are looking at this as a portfolio of investments, and we will keep investing till we get the growth, I mean, as long as we get the growth and as long as the return on these investments.
Indra Nooyi: The $0.10 this year, and then as we said we will come back next year and talk about what’s the return on the first $0.10 and what comfort level do we have with keeping this going or increasing it or decreasing it. We will come back and talk to you, I guess when we talk about the Q4 earnings, early 2011.
Indra Nooyi: I would say east of the Middle East has remained pretty robust and you see the numbers, both topline and bottom line and tremendous investment opportunities, so we feel good. I will tell you, the European economy is coming back at least for our categories gives us some room for optimism there, but again let’s watch and see how it evolves over the next couple of quarters, but the second quarter, how the European business performed was pretty good. Latin America, I think parts of Latin America have deteriorated since the last quarter, but Brazil is still very, very strong. And so, since we have a big business in Brazil, especially the snack business, we are doing quite well, but again, I would say it’s a mixed picture in Latin America. And North America, the rays of hope are convenience store coming back and food service actually trending positive. So, those are positive signs for PepsiCo. But again, Ann, I would say to you that this is one situation where we have got to look at it every quarter, because the economic environment is not showing consistent improvement across all measures. And so, let’s watch and see what happens as the year progresses, and you know, every quarter, we will talk to you and as we make our visits with all of you, we will give you more color, but I would say that east of the Middle East positive, Europe getting more positive, Latin America mixed, and North America is wait and see.
Indra Nooyi: So, let me just close then and say that as you think about our performance for the balance of this year and beyond, I want you to keep in mind several important advantages that PepsiCo has that we believe will allow us to achieve our objectives in this environment first, we have unrivaled portfolio of powerhouse snack and beverage brand with large scale reach into both developed and emerging markets; second, we have localized feed to shelf supply chain, we are advantage go-to-market system and increasing scale in key markets; third, we have experienced management teams that understand their local markets, we are able to unlock growth opportunities while managing cost and cash flow; fourth, we have a discipline and rigorous strategic investment program that will fuel future growth and productivity particularly in emerging markets and adjacent categories; fifth, we have an aligned organization focused on clear initiatives that drive near-term performance while at the same time enhancing opportunities for long-term growth; sixth and lastly, we have a portfolio that work in any quarter that will likely be some puts and takes in individual businesses but the overall portfolio works. These attributes are what gives us confidence that PepsiCo can deliver differentiated performance in the second half of this year, providing a strong base for 2011 and beyond. So, with that, let me just say thank you for joining us today.
Eric Foss: I think to the point that John and Indra both made, I think our Power of One promotions, both in large format and small format had an impact. Those really started to kick in, in that June timeframe and will continue throughout second and third quarter. And so, I think the answer is yes. Obviously cold drink was helped by some of the warm weather.Christine Farkas – Bank of America: Thank you.
Eric Foss: Judy, I think from my vantage point, I mean, I think it’s very important to the point that was made earlier that we stay very sensitized to the macroeconomic conditions, the category and consumer challenges, and I think we went into this year with our eyes wide open. We were very, very sensitized focusing on making sure we had, we strike the right balance between price and volume, and to make sure we continue to have the right consumer value price points. Power of One gives us an opportunity to provide added value beyond clearly price promotion, and I think the reality is, is the environment is pretty rationale, and I think at the same time we need to stay very disciplined about how we think about pricing. So, I think our track record speaks for itself and you can continue to look for us to strike that right balance based on the conditions in the marketplace.
Eric Foss: Sure. I think if you think about volume, I think as you have mentioned, we saw our CSD business perform a little better down low-single digit, non-carb business was very strong and actually our water business was strong led by the enhanced water performance in Lifewater. So, I think all three sub segments performed, but as I go back to the point I made earlier about striking the right balance between volume and price given the environment, if you think about what happened on price year-to-date, the reality is, is that the rate increases that we had planned to take and we did take, you are really seeing that a fairly significant mix shift. And the mix shift in the quarter took place with our mix shift moving into cans, we actually saw some shift within cans particularly the Cube in the quarter and as well as mix into unflavored water. So, I think the important thing to note is again, we are going to strike the right balance. As we look forward, as I mentioned earlier, we plan to be very disciplined and look at the Labor Day timeframe to put some pricing into the marketplace.
Eric Foss: I think the reality is, is that the integration is on track, the synergies are as expected. I think the benefits of this one voice, one face to customer, some of the benefits we are starting to see in service, the benefits of Power of One, in addition to the benefits of the synergy to me are quite pleasing at this point in time. So, I think we are very, very happy.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, Judy, a couple of things on that. One, what we previously told you, 6% roughly in the first half and mid teens in the second half. Obviously we over-delivered and hit 7% in the first half rather than the 6%, but we haven’t changed to full year. So, the balance of year changes down a bit. In terms of operating deleverage, really the investments are going to hit across the P&L. So, it’s not one particular line item, I wouldn’t necessarily focus on SG&A versus other areas. It’s going to hit in different areas of the P&L. Certainly, we can help you a little bit with modeling that, but the net of it is we said we were going to invest about a dime, we have invested $0.02, which means we will be investing about $0.08 in the balance of the year, and that will hit across the P&L.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, we did clearly see a little bit more strength in the beverage business relative to what we had expected. And for the full year, I think we are basically calling it exactly as we have seen it to date.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, so as I said in the opening, we said $125 million to $150 million for this year and $400 million over three years. Now, as you get further into it, obviously you learn your plans evolving and develop. We see different ups and downs in that, but in terms of where we are right now in communicating to all of you we are reaffirming that those are the numbers that we feel comfortable sharing with you are going to be the synergies we would deliver. I don’t want to leave you the impression that we are not shooting for more, but these are the numbers that we feel comfortable sharing with all of you, and obviously as we get further into it, our degree of certainty in delivering those numbers goes up as we build more specific plan around executing again. One of the things that’s been terrific both with Eric’s team and with Zein’s team is they are now building and have built in most cases very, very detailed execution plans on exactly how we intend to realize the synergies, where they are going to come from, what actions need to happen, by what they and who needs to take them. So, we have an increasingly higher and higher level of confidence that we would be able to hit the numbers that we have shared with you.
Hugh Johnston: If I can even just add one comment of that, Indra, if anything has been a surprise and the kind of surprise in the way that you would think about it, it’s how quickly the organization has come together. This really feels like it’s always been this way and it’s just in a few short months since the deal was closed. But it’s just working so smoothly and so easily across the teams. You really don’t know who used to be a part of which prior organization. So, that’s a positive.
Hugh Johnston: Okay. So, your reference is to the marketing spending or – I am trying to understand where it is that you are –
Hugh Johnston: Okay. I get it. Yes, what we told you on that is, you know, through the integration and through the algorithm that we put together for this year, we got about $0.10 which we committed to investing in 2010. We told you that of the $0.10, we have spent $0.02 year-to-date, and that we intend to spend $0.08 in the balance of the year, and our plans are very, very much on track to spend that full $0.10. So, that’s the spending that I am telling you is going to be happening, and we feel very comfortable that, that’s the light spending. You should also feel comfortable that we have built very disciplined processes around looking at these investments, to ensuring that we are taking the right actions and to ensuring overtime that we get the right types of paybacks and the right types of returns on the investments that we are making. So, from that standpoint, no real change relative to what we have been communicating for a while.
Hugh Johnston: To Indra’s point, that does not imply any change relative to what we had shared with you in previous investor meetings regarding our outlook for 2011 and 2012, that remains unchanged.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, no change from the investor conference in March. We are very optimistic on GES, the transformation to go-to-market systems. We will continue to build out Perry, Georgia. We will begin the construction in Topeka, Kansas, we have laid out the calendar for 2011, we have committed at the conference that this is a multi-year journey as we go forward in part enabled by SAP that we have to plug in the Frito-Lay. So, it’s a five-year plus journey that we are undertaking, but everyday that goes by would become more pleased and more confident that we have chosen the right strategy to have to extend the DSD advantage that we have today.
