Hugh Johnston: Thank you, Indra and good morning everyone. Turning to guidance, we expect our full year organic revenue growth to approximate the 2.3% rate we have achieved through the first three quarters. We expect core constant currency EPS to grow 9%, a one percentage point increase compared to our previous guidance. Based on current market consensus rates, foreign exchange is expected to negatively impact both full year reported net revenue and EPS by approximately one percentage point, which compares to the previous market estimates of two points. So, as a result of the improved outlooks for both core constant currency EPS growth and foreign exchange, we now expect core earnings of $5.23 per share. In terms of other key considerations and assumptions embedded in our full year outlook, we continue to expect low single-digit raw material inflation, driven both by an increase in our basket of commodities, and some pressure from transaction ForEx. We continue to expect core operating margin expansion fueled by our productivity programs. Our productivity programs are on track to achieve our annual $1 billion target and we continue to expect our core effective tax rate to be approximately 24%. Turning to cash flow, we expect to continue to generate strong cash flow and to exercise discipline over capital allocation with prudent reinvestment in the business and the majority of our free cash flow, excluding certain items, to be returned to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. So, for 2017, we continue to expect approximately $10 billion in cash flow from operations, net capital spending of approximately $3 billion, approximately $7 billion in free cash flow, excluding certain items, cash dividends of approximately $4.5 billion. Recall that we previously announced a 7% increase in our quarterly dividend that began with the June payment. This represents the 45th consecutive year in which we've increased our dividend and share repurchases of approximately $2 billion. Finally, as you update your models, I'd like to highlight the following three items as they relate to the fourth quarter. We are lapping the 53rd-week from 2016 and expect our reported revenue to be negatively impacted by three percentage points, we estimate the impact of the recent natural disasters to negatively impact EPS of by approximately three percentage points, and we expect sequential improvement at our North American Beverage business. With that, we are ready to take the first question. 
Hugh Johnston: No, I think you've captured it well. The only thing that I would add is there clearly is going to be a competitive difference between the way our primary competitor is going to the market and the way we are. As Indra said, we think our strategy is the right one for all the reasons that are mentioned. And in addition to that, we think that that structure of the industry will lead to healthy competition, not destructive competition. So, I think we are positioned well to see a healthy competitive environment. The consumer change is going to continue to be more towards lower calorie options and because of our investments in R&D, we think we are advantaged to capture those consumers as they move into the healthier options.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, Bonnie, happy to answer that. Two factors, all right. It's not being driven by aggregate revenue and it's not being driven by tax rate. As we noted the tax rates are same. Two primary factors. Number one is costs we're expecting now to come in a little bit better than we had previously forecast. And number two, we expect the mix of business to be a little bit more profitable, little better and those two factors gave us about an extra point of EPS growth.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, I'm happy to answer that one, Vivien. A couple of things going on there. One, Frito-Lay really does have a wonderful balance of core products and great execution this year, and that's certainly helping us in the convenience store channel. And the truth is Frito-Lay is actually bucking what's a broad trend of challenges across most products in the channel. In terms of what's driving the channel, volumes are down a little bit across the Board and C-store; pricing is up a little bit, three biggest factors in challenging the channel traffic. Number one, gas prices were up particularly in the latter half of the third quarter. Number two, construction was down a little bit during the course of the summer and that negatively impacted traffic. And number three, we didn't get the heat burst this summer in late July and August that we had seen in the previous two summers and that negatively impacted the channel.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, I'm happy to jump in on the SG&A question, Dara. You're right, we -- our gross margins were down a few basis points, operating margin was up a few basis point. The biggest change that we've seen over the last couple of years is Smart Spending. We have about 30 big categories of spend. We've really only gotten into about five or six of them at this point. The ones that we've done are the relatively simpler ones that -- the travel outside services, facilities and things like that. The more complex areas of spend when you get into distribution, when you get into selling, when you get into certain elements of non-working A&M, those take a little bit longer. We're working on them right now. We have plans to and expect to see results from those areas of spend over the next couple of years. So, to complete the answer to your question, we do expect to be able to continue to leverage Smart Spending to deliver outsized productivity results for the coming years.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, I'm happy to handle that one. Lauren, in terms of the buckets, I would characterize our timing of them not about size, but just about complexity. Travel is obviously a relatively simple bucket to get after when you get into distribution and selling and things like, those are just more complex buckets of spend. The size actually of the buckets that we haven't gotten to yet is substantially larger than the size of the buckets that we have already gotten to. So, I would think of it as there's lots more opportunity out there, but it just takes more time to get at them. Travel and facilities and outside services and things like that are relatively simple and straightforward to get at, so that's why we're seeing those benefits more immediately. But it's not a question of running out of runway on the size of opportunity.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, happy to do that. I think, Ali, the confusion that you're experiencing is a result of timing. My comment earlier about we think there's a little bit more cost benefit is a way of explaining why the 9% EPS growth for this year. Regarding the longer term, my broader points there around Smart Spending, where just that there's lots of productivity opportunity left out there. We're not making any changes to the long-term guidance, we're not making any changes to our long-term productivity targets and we're not talking about 2018 yet. I was really just offering some robustness to why we think we can continue to drive the productivity that we've already talked about. Hopefully that helps.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. I'm happy to answer that Andrea. I think what you see is more resilient rather than temporary. A lot what's happening right now with Frito-Lay is less driven by what competition is doing and just more driven by the fact that Frito-Lay is both running the core portfolio very well and innovating well around that portfolio with products like Stacy's and Smartfood and many of the premium products. So, if you look at what's going to drive Frito-Lay's growth for the future, it's going to be continuing to execute that core portfolio and continuing to innovate premium and that will likely result in continued share gains over time, not anything that's happening competitively.
Indra Nooyi: Look, we have gone deep on the business to understand what is environmental factors that contributed to our performance and what is our own execution aspects that contributed to performance, and I’d tell you that, roughly speaking, my assessment is about 70 -30 in terms of what the weather, the precipitation, what the C-store slowdown caused to the business, and what we could have done differently. And as I said in the script, Judy, Gatorade is a big part of our business and we were lapping 18% over 2015 and 2016, and with a slowdown of C-stores -- C-store traffic and the weather patterns in Q3, clearly Gatorade was impacted because the weather has an outsized impact on Gatorade. That was the first one. The second is CSDs. We've been embarking on a deliberate strategy to shift the portfolio to lower calorie offerings and they tend to be more non-carbonated beverages, and that's why we shifted about seven points of the portfolio to non-carbs. We have a lot more lower calorie and zero calorie innovation in CSDs, and we actually have it even under the big brands, the Pepsi and the Mountain Dew brands. So, what we're going to be doing going forward is taking the big brands and doing a lot more low calorie and zero calorie offerings under that brand. So, I tell you if I looked at this quarter, the only two that we need to focus on is getting Gatorade back to growth, which we're already beginning to see and tweaking our advertising spending against Pepsi and Dew. The thing to be very careful about is we are focused on responsible growth. During the quarter, as we saw the trends, we could have very quickly hit a promotional lever and tried to drive growth, and we tried our best not to do that because we think that once you go down this promotional spiral, it's never-ending. So, our team is focused on profitable growth, responsible growth, and we are all focused on getting CSD trademarks and Gatorade back to growth.
Indra Nooyi: But you know, Hugh, it's also safe to say that, as a leadership, we are focused singularly on value creation, shareholder value creation and we spot trends and if we think we have to make changes in our business, we do that. So, at this point, we think our strategy is the right strategy. 
Indra Nooyi: And in terms of overall cost management, we put in place a Smart Spending program about one year ago. And as the months go by, we just get better at being smarter and smarter with Smart Spending. And what you're seeing, because right here in corporate, we drive Smart Spending very, very seriously and that's where you're seeing the reduction in corporate cost.
Indra Nooyi: I'll answer the second answer, and then, Hugh, you should take the first one and talk about what's changed. I think that the thing to be careful about is not just the reinvestment, it's how much and in what. It's better to invest in pull activities than to hit the pedal on push activities. Because when you start getting into this competitive battle of more and more promotions, we've been there, done that, I don't think that's a way to create long-term, strong businesses. So, we've tended to focus more on innovation and pull-related spending, more A&M spending. The shift to digital is a question mark because I don't know what the ROI on digital is as yet. And we're relooking at all elements of our marketing spending to see exactly which method of spending gives us the best ROI by brand. So, that's a piece of work we are doing. What we want to do over the next few quarters is look at our brand portfolio and see how best to do trademark advertising, so we can focus on the big brands and still drive lower calorie products. The thing to be careful about is this industry should not escalate to going from push spending to pull spending and everybody throws a lot of money into this business. It's going to be a judicious management of this business, where you've got the right amount of A&M spending and judicious execution, so this business remains profitable going forward. I think that's where ownership of the bottling business is going to make a huge difference because we can work all of these levers very carefully. So, the next few quarters, watch and see what we do to tweak our spending and what the benefits are. We feel reasonably confident.
Indra Nooyi: So, Bryan, we're not a talking about any long-term algorithm or guidance at this point. We usually do that in the February meeting. But let me tell you in broad shapes, our focus is on innovation, our focus is on portfolio expansion, our focus is on shift to Better For You, Good For You products. And our focus is on productivity and stepped up levels of productivity. The whole goal is to marry our innovation capability with our productivity programs. And we've had remarkable success over many, many, many quarters. This one quarter was a bit of a [Indiscernible] on North American Beverages, and I call it [Indiscernible] because there were many external factors that caused this. And believe me, we are all over this business and we will be back. There is no issue. So from a long-term algorithm, just wait until February next year when we do give you the guidance. But all I say to you, our focus is on balanced top and bottom-line growth. Invest in the topline; make sure the right productivity to deliver the bottom-line growth. Make sure that you invest in all the new capabilities needed and generate the productivity to invest in new capabilities. That is a tried and tested playbook, and we're not backing off of that.
Indra Nooyi: And talking about NAB trends. When you're looking at weather and you're looking at precipitation, you don't plan for a cooler weather or higher levels of precipitation. So, we fully expected that this summer would be a normal summer, not a flaming hot summer, but we thought it'd be normal summer. And so we kept investing behind the brands like Gatorade, but then when the weather completely turned south and -- not literally, but it was cooler and a lot more precipitation, that advertising spending did not give us much lift as we would've liked the business to get. Now, if we have not been lapping the 18% growth, it's a whole different ballgame. The problem is the combination of lapping the 18% growth for the last two years in Gatorade, plus the fact that we had a cooler summer this year, when it's our seasonally big quarter is what caused the issue. And one of the things we've told our businesses is that don't do anything in the short-term which will have no lasting impact for the long-term. Many years ago, we use to just hit the promotional spending lever. And I think what we're doing very carefully now is saying don't hit the promotional spending lever because that won't last for the long-term. So, the weather was a big factor. And we hate to use weather as an excuse, Lauren, but the weather was a big factor. And we didn't make all the changes anticipating poor weather, we just kept playing our playbook and that's what caused the issue. Again, it's temporary, we're taking the actions and we are all over it.
Indra Nooyi: Hugh, do you want to take that? So, let me give you some of the -- what we're seeing in some of the geographies. We're actually seeing a strong lift in European business. All of our business -- actually West and East Europe, we're seeing tremendous strength. All our businesses are doing well. We have a wonderful portfolio in the ESSA market. And we have the right marketing programs, the right pricing programs in place and that's why you're seeing such a stepped up growth rate in the ESSA market, both East Europe and Western Europe. And our Russia business in particular is doing very well, and so we feel very, very good about that. In the Middle East, which is another big market for us, clearly this year we saw the impact of the lower oil price, the tax on CSDs, all of that went into place. Again, we have taken all the appropriate actions to implement more productivity, start to shift the product portfolio. And while we took a short-term shock to the system, we're coming out of that. And we think that the Middle East, North Africa still represents a very, very good market with lots of consumers is still in coming into the peak consumption years. So, we feel good about that market. The prospects for recovery in those markets are good. As I look at China and the Asia-Pacific region, our business in China is doing well, especially our Snacks business is doing very well. Our Quaker business is doing exceedingly well in China. The team is a good team. Our e-commerce business is on fire in China and doubling in size every year. And it's becoming a learning lab for us to learn how to do e-commerce for the rest of the world, so we feel good about China. The wonderful thing about the rest of Pacific Rim is that you've got many markets; all these little tigers are recording pretty good GDP growth. The markets may not be big as a China or India, but each of these markets contributes positively to our performance, and we've been doing well on those markets and gaining share in all of those markets. We have good bottling partners. Our own operating businesses are very good. Good leadership teams. Those businesses are doing well. We don't see much of a concern in those markets, even though they've gone through some political ups and downs. In the South Asian subcontinent -- India, Pakistan, Nepal, Sri Lanka, we face the normal upheavals from GST, the demonetization -- or remonetization, I should say. We are through all that now. And hopefully the business will start to steadily recover in India. But Pakistan has been a big success story for us. We have a good business there and it's growing very nicely and profitably. Latin America is a big question. We have strong businesses in Mexico and Brazil in Central America. Clearly, Latin America has gone through its share of geopolitical issues, and recently, the earthquakes have really had a devastating impact in Mexico; and the hurricanes that swept through the Caribbean and Puerto Rico have a really decimated those islands. In spite of that, the teams have performed well. And our Brazil business is doing very well and our Mexico business is doing well across both Snacks and Beverages. So, in those markets, I would say we're holding in Latin America, doing exceedingly well in the ESSA region. Our AMENA sector is, in spite of all the issues, coming back very nicely. North America is our core, and we remain positive about the North American business. Now and then, there will be a quarter where some business has a hiccup or a toast up. The resilience of our overall portfolio is what allows us to deliver the numbers we're delivering. So, overall, we still feel quite confident about our prospects and we are buckling our seatbelts and saying, "There will be geopolitical instability, there will be weather-related issues, we just have to build a portfolio that can weather that and somehow profit through and deliver the performance."
Indra Nooyi: Don't know. Don't know, Mark. You know what I think with our revenue growth rate, they're still up there in the top performance in the Whole Food and Beverage space. And so it's an environment that requires us to modify our model, our innovation model, our retail, our outreach model. And you know what, when you go through these sorts of transformations and you're tweaking part of the business model, there will be issues along the way. If we focus on the year and looked at our performance versus other people in the space, I think we stack up pretty well, both on the top and the bottom-line. And so will we lean harder on productivity, we will always lean harder on productivity, because we believe that we ought to take out any cost that is not value creating and put it back into investments in the business or flow it through to the bottom-line. And that has been our modus operandi. So, productivity will always be paramount in PepsiCo. As we get better at it, we will keep doing more of it. But we're not taking our focus off of growing the topline. To us, growing the topline is really the right way to grow the company in a very, very balanced way. So, we are redoubling our efforts to grow the topline. We're looking to see how to spend the A&M that we put out in a much more efficient way. To me, that's the Holy Grail. We all spend a lot of money on A&M, how do you spend it in an efficient way so we get the appropriate lift from the A&M? But you know it's interesting times in the entire CPG world globally. And we have the size, scale, capabilities, the brands to be a very, very important player in this business and a top performer and that's what we're focused on maniacally. And Mark let me just close by saying; personally, I'm completely committed to this company because 50 time my salary is in PepsiCo stock. And with that level of ownership, believe me, this is something Hugh and I focus on 24 hours a day.
Indra Nooyi: Yes, look even in Europe, our categories have had private label penetration, but not to the extent that many other HPC or other categories have had. Having said that, we are not complacent about any of this. Basically, I think, as we look forward, we're still looking at retailers, if they want to deliver margin growth in a period in which they're seeing price compression, they have a couple choices. They can do private label or they can get more efficient or they can get innovation to the stores from the big manufacturers that drive more traffic and velocity. So, I think what could happen -- Caroline, this is just my perspective, is that you could see a bifurcation. You could see big brands, big companies taking the burden off of retailers through DSD and by bringing our own label into the store and driving more velocity and traffic through the big brands and innovation. And then you could see on the other end, a combination of small brands and private label that flanks it on the other side. What could be squeezed in the middle is sort of the mid-size brands. Now, this is just my perspective, and we've been looking at all of this really hard. We think that could be a possible scenario going forward. So, from our perspective, doubling down on big brands, making sure innovation is -- making sure execution is perfect; our whole system is aligned, so when we have to make changes, we can do it fast. And then within our company, making sure we have enough levers on productivity so we can get more and more efficient deploying automation and other tools to be able to put it back on innovation, driving the topline growth, whatever we have to do. I think that's going to be the game going forward. As we said in the last call, this is going to be a period of brilliant disruption over the next three to five years and we're going to approach it with pessimism or optimism. We actually think this could be a time when a lot of competitor balances could be reset. And as perhaps the largest U.S. company in food and beverages and the second largest food and beverage company in the world, believe me, we will play an outsized role in this resetting of the competitive balance.
Indra Nooyi: So, thank you all for your questions. And let me just summarize by saying we are pleased with our year-to-date results for the third quarter with strong results across most of our sectors and we expect our topline performance to accelerate in Q4 as performance at NAB recovers. And we're on track to deliver our fifth consecutive year of at least 9% core constant currency EPS growth. And we believe we are well positioned to continue to perform well over the long run. As always, thank you for joining us this morning and for the confidence you have placed in us with your investment. Thank you.
