Ramon Laguarta: Great. Thank you, Dara. And yes we're very pleased with the performance of international businesses in Q1, but also in the last few quarters, as you mentioned. And this has been an area of investment for us now for a few years, both in snacks and in beverages and trying to build scaled businesses in most of the markets where the scale in terms of population and profitable growth. So, I feel very good about our ability to continue to outperform our categories in international and to keep our categories growing both food and beverages in the future. Our innovation is strong. Our ability to understand local rituals and local food and beverage occasions is better than ever. We are adapting our portfolio to that. Our ability to attract the best talent in the markets where we participate and build really capable teams is better than ever. We've been investing in capacity. We're -- right now, we're in the process of opening factories in Vietnam and in China and in India and in Mexico, and we just opened one in Poland. So we keep expanding our manufacturing and our go-to-market capabilities in those markets. So we feel good, and I think that it's going to continue to be a big source of growth for us. As we mentioned in CAGNY, I think our international business is already $36 billion and it's growing at a very high single-digit level and with very good profitability. So it is part of the future growth story for PepsiCo for sure.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah, Bonnie. I think on top of what Jamie said, for the long term, the key goal for Frito in the US is to continue to grow the salty, savory category at a very high rate and continue to get occasions from other parts of macro snacks into the savory and from meals into savory, and continue to gain share of that category as it has been doing and including Q1. So that's the ultimate goal. Because that, if you think about the high margin that we have in that business and the impact it would have in the overall PepsiCo margins, that's the role that Frito-Lay has in the portfolio.
Ramon Laguarta: That's good, Bryan. Just actually we feel good about those two brands. Those two brands actually gained share in Q1, so Mountain Dew and Gatorade, in their own category. So that's a meaningful good performance, I would say. Now Gatorade, as you mentioned, a little bit of weather impact. So we're not concerned about Gatorade this year as the weather improves, I think we have the right investments, the right commercial programs. Our G2DSD was impactful to us last year operationally. I think we've learned a lot on how to deal with a very high seasonality product and category and give the better service to our customers and maintain the product in stock and available. So we feel good about we have the platform to take Gatorade to higher market share in a faster growing category. Now with regards to Dew, the launch of bubly burst has been very, very good to the brand. We launched it as a permanent additional flavor to the portfolio early in the year. It's been obviously successful. We knew it was a successful LTR and therefore, it's a successful permanent product. And it's been bringing incremental consumers to the brand and help us gain share now. Obviously, we will keep investing in the portfolio and the brand, and we have strong programs for the summer. Hopefully, that will deliver as we expect, and we'll continue to build Mountain Dew in the category. So feeling good about those two brands.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Lauren, I think the -- I don't know, maybe we have put a bit more detail, but the intentionality was always there. And I mentioned last time on the last couple of calls that we're making choices in PBNA in terms of making sure that we deliver profitable growth, and we'll continue to make those choices emphasizing the parts of the portfolio where there is a better return on the investments for us and eliminating those parts of the portfolio where the margins are not that attractive and they're going to get probably not that better over time. So we've been referring to categories like packed water or some of the less profitable take-home formats, where we will be making choices. We feel good about both the productivity at PBNA under margin expansion of PBNA. And we feel that, that will continue based on the ideas that we have and the organizational focus that the team has been putting under the new management, but also the old management in PBNA. There's much more focus on becoming a better operating machine in the supply chain and sales and expanding the margin. So, we feel good about PBNA margin expansion and profitable growth delivery this year.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. So, listen, Andrea hi. The -- I would say the consumer globally, we think is very resilient. And we see it in, as you saw from our international business performance. And it's basically supported by two facts, very low unemployment or quite low unemployment globally and wages growing at a good pace in majority of the countries where we participate. So, those two things make us feel quite good about the consumer. Now, when you double click, there is probably two areas that were -- that probably surface. One is Chinese consumers. I think Chinese consumers are being very cautious and we're seeing the savings rate really going very high in China. Our category is still resilient in China, but especially we're delivering growth through share of market gains in China. So, that's a good performance by the team, but an area of watch out for us. The other double-click is in the, I would say, the lower income consumer in the U.S. The lower income consumer in the U.S. is stretched, is making a lot of -- he is strategizing a lot to make their budgets get to the end of the month. And that's a consumer that is choosing what to buy, where to buy and making a lot of choices. That's a consumer that we're emphasizing in our commercial programs. I think we're learning how best to keep that consumer in our categories and the frequency that we want that consumer, and we are pivoting our commercial plans, our innovation, giving that consumer the right innovation, the right value in different parts of the month through different channels, digital and physical. Making sure that the ROI on the investments are the best ROIs. So, those two are the consumers that I would say we're paying more attention in terms of specific commercial programs. But I would say the consumer is very resilient everywhere else. And our teams, I think, are pivoting to maintain our brands top of mind in their baskets at the frequency that we want and continue to gain market share. So, this applies to beverages and to snacks. Your question was more on snacks, but I think it applies to both categories. So, I know Jamie on.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah. Thank you, Peter. I will not talk too much about the agreement other than saying that it's a good alignment of the long-term interest of both companies, and it's great for PepsiCo shareholders. The partnership with CELSIUS is strong, and it's helping us to gain scale in our go-to-market, specifically in some channels where we need volume to justify some of the economics of the call. So that role continues. We're pleased with the partnership. Energy is a fast-growing category, profitable, that is great for our portfolio. So that's what I would say. We remain pleased with the partnership and we'll continue to build the partnership going forward.
Ramon Laguarta: We -- yes, I mean, like what I said is that our goal is always for our categories to grow faster than overall food and beverages. I think that makes us a very attractive partner with our retail partners, and we deliver growth for them. And our categories are profitable. So it's a good combination of growth and profitability for our customers. So that's what we're trying to do. I think our categories will continue to grow faster than food and beverages in the majority of the countries around the world, given the trends on urbanization and the secular trends that we've been talking about both for convenient foods and beverages. So we feel good about that and our commercial programs, innovation and investments are in to deliver that for our partners. Obviously, there's countries around the world where we do better, others we do less well. And our goal is to keep emphasizing the ones we do better and improve the ones that we don't do so well. And that's how we're managing the company.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah. Listen, I'll step back a little bit. I would say our customer negotiations have been good and completed all over the world and especially Europe took a bit longer, but it's a very positive impact to our overall, I would say, European business and other parts of the world are less impacted by this type of negotiations -- are good. We feel good, including the US. To your specific question on space gains, I think it's going to be a good reset time for us across snacks and beverages. It's not completed yet. It's way normally I would say, probably another six weeks or so. We're feeling good about where we've seen already reset the performance improvement in the business. So that's good, well done by the commercial teams. So yeah, we feel good overall, and that's why we are reaffirming our guidance to grow at least over 4% in our net revenue for this year.
Ramon Laguarta: Two things, thanks. Good questions. I think the APAC performance is a little bit impacted by the timing of Chinese New Year. So there is a bit of benefit in our Q1 numbers versus Q2. It was a bit earlier this year. But the reality is that the APAC region is improving, I would say, outside of China. China still, as I mentioned earlier, I think the consumer is cautious and the consumer is saving a lot. And it might not impact so much the low price, let's say, products as ours. It might probably impact some other categories a bit harder than ours. The truth is that in China, as I said earlier, our team is not only this year, but already consistently for the last four, five years, been gaining share and creating a very capable and profitable business in China, we're very proud of. Now, to your other question on away-from-home, in-home, we're seeing mobility obviously, going back to pre-pandemic times anything we all forgot COVID anymore. And we're seeing, obviously, that impact in the consumption of food between home and away-from-home, especially in the U.S., I would say, it's probably the country that is having more impact. So, yes, away-from-home is growing faster than in-home for us and we're pivoting resources to away-from-home both in our food business and our beverage business, and we're trying to capture as much as possible that consumption that is moving to away-from-home. Internationally as well, I would say that is a huge wide space for growth for our business, both in trying to improve the availability of our current products and also creating new solutions that are more targeting meals and meal replacement as consumers buy more food away-from-home. And I think our brands belong in some of those occasions and as I mentioned at CAGNY, we're building both innovation and business models that can help us capture this meal location away-from-home with some of our large brands like Lays, Doritos, Tostidos, some of our well-known global brands.
Ramon Laguarta: That's great. Now, this is a great question and I think we need to step back and look at the bigger numbers. Obviously, there was huge inflation in our categories driven by input inflation over the last couple of years and operating cost inflation. Now, what makes us feel optimistic is a couple of data. Number one, I think wages are growing above inflation, and we see that not only in the U.S., but across the world. And we see our consumer packaged food inflation below, I would say, total CPI. So, those two numbers make us feel comfortable that the consumers will start coming back to our categories at the frequency and with the same level of -- or higher frequency than in the past. So those are two big numbers. Obviously, each one of us with our commercial programs, our innovation, our channel strategy is trying to accelerate that pivot back. But we feel good about the price volume mix that we see in our business, and that's how we think that we will continue to sequentially improve over the balance of the year into further years. Our North Star remains the same, is to make sure that, as I said earlier, we have innovation and consumer programs and channel programs that continue to drive savory snacks, ahead of micro snacks, ahead of food and the same with LRB, ahead of overall liquid consumption and ahead of food and beverages. So that drives value for our business and that drives value for our customers and that's how we think about driving the company long-term.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. And the -- we're always very conscious of the relative value of our product versus other potential substitute products in the categories that we participate. So if you think about snacks, the big opportunities to transform and packaged snacks into packet snacks or other macro snacks into savory snacks. And we always look at that value ratio in every market, in every geography for different types of consumers. Now the same with beverages, right, moving from non-commercial beverages to commercial beverages, that is always the opportunity for us as an industry. We look at that very carefully. Now why are our margins expanding internationally because as we gain scale and obviously, that our fixed cost leverage is much better, and that's how we're getting to more profitable businesses in international markets, especially the large markets, whilst we keep affordability at the center of our strategy because that's long-term, including other things that we do, obviously, with availability and with innovation. We make our categories continue to grow at a very fast pace. But as you mentioned, affordability and relative value of our category is a key KPI that we measure all the time in every market because it's the key source of continuous growth for our categories.
Ramon Laguarta: Yeah. Thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning and for the confidence that you've placed in us and in our stock. And we hope that you all stay healthy and safe. Thank you.
