Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Thank you, Dara. Let me cover that and then Hugh can add some comments. We're seeing a competitive environment. We're all trying to protect the health of the categories and then make sure that our brands are participating in those categories in a competitive way. We are investing in our innovation, investing in our brands, investing obviously in value in different ways, pricing, sizing in mostly.  So we're seeing a good positive competitive environment in the U.S., in Europe, and also in our developing markets consistently across the world. When it comes to pricing, as we said earlier in February, we have mostly taken the pricing already this year that we needed to cover for our cost increases. And that is where we stand at this point. We're seeing a deceleration of inflation, not a reduction of cost, but a deceleration of inflation.  And we think that with the pricing that we've taken already most of our business around the world, that should be sufficient. Obviously, there are some markets, highly inflationary markets around the world where we might have to take additional pricing. If you think about Argentina, Turkey, Egypt though those kind of markets where the currencies are suffering, but the majority of our pricing is already done.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, Kevin. I think you're right. Your assessment is right. We're seeing both better elasticities than some of the worst-case scenarios we were planning for. And also, we're seeing the teams delivering better productivity. So we're seeing the -- in general, the flow of materials, the availability of labor, transportation, all those elements that were making us a suboptimal company if you just to call it somehow in terms of operating metrics, that's getting better, which is giving us the opportunity to improve some of the metrics in our operations faster than what we thought.  So it's both an improvement in productivity on the cost side and better elasticity. I think the commercial programs were strong. You saw that we've increased A&M again in the first quarter. And I think the commercial plan, the innovation plans are very strong. So we feel comfortable that even -- and we always play out a lot of scenarios before we give a -- give you guys a guidance. We feel comfortable that even at this early point in the year, we can raise our top line and bottom line estimates.
Ramon Laguarta: Thank you, Bonnie. We don't see -- actually, we see the momentum in the beverage category, very strong in terms of demand. We're seeing away from home, very strong. We're seeing the convenience channel, very strong, and we're seeing most of the in-home channels also quite strong. So we don't feel that there is a competitive environment that is getting worse in beverages. There's some one-off in the first quarter because we're -- as you know, we're moving Gatorade from a warehouse system to a DSD system and in that transition, there is some inventory reduction overall in the system that is impacting Q1.  But we don't think that the competitive environment in beverages in the U.S. is getting worse and that we need to do anything special. We have a very strong commercial program, both innovation, brands, commercial execution and customer programs. So that will be the way we're planning to continue to compete vigorously in the market.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, Lauren, it's mostly related to the fact that we're already 1/3 of the year is passed, and we have better information on our costs and everything else that complex operating. There are a few things we're still concerned about. One is where is the consumer going to be in second half of the year. We continue to be -- have multiple scenarios. And some of the scenarios are more optimistic, some best, and we continue to have various scenarios.  The second one, geopolitics and that might impact the business, and therefore, we want to be cautious there as well. And the third one, as I mentioned earlier, there are some currencies in some emerging and developing markets that we don't know where some of those markets will go in the second half of the year. And we also want to make sure that we have the right financial scenarios around those options.  So those are the three variables that could define where the business goes. As I said earlier, operationally, the business is better. We're seeing better labor availability, better flow of materials, suppliers are obviously getting better as well. Transportation is getting better. So operationally, the business is in a better place than it was in 2022.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes, Chris. Listen, I think the framework of investment is similar to what we expressed in the past. We mean #1 priority for us is to make sure that our categories remain highly visible in consumers' minds in a complex consumer choices environment. And our brands do very well in those categories. So that's priority number one, make sure that we continue to be a preferred brand with our consumers.  Second, we continue to invest in transformation of the business, digitalization and productivity at the center of the strategy systems. We've been investing on that for quite a while. That continues to be an enabler of all the data strategy that we have in the business.  And those are the two big projects, we continue to invest in capacity. There is good volume growth across many of our markets around the world, and that continues to be a priority in enabling the brands to continue to grow. So those are the principles. I don't know, Hugh, if there's anything else.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Yes, we're seeing, obviously, in China, a optimism in consumers and optimism in the customers and that's driving volume for us across the -- across both our food and our beverage business. The organic share, especially in snacks. Snacks has been performing very well through the pandemic and continues to outgrow the category. And in beverages as well, we're seen competing quite well in Colas and sports hydration. So yes, obviously, this is going to be a tailwind for us as the year progresses both in away from home and in-home consumption.
Ramon Laguarta: It's a great question. Listen, we believe our categories are large and growing at a very fast pace, around 5% globally. I think our main responsibility is to maintain the innovation and make sure that the portfolio evolves with consumers, the brands continue to be super relevant. And that is where we want to focus our efforts. We're making some small moves, as you saw, for example, when we're going into low alcohol here in the U.S., expanding the brands. We're making small moves like Cheetos going into Mac and Cheese. So we're expanding some of our brands organically into some new spaces that make sense from the consumer point of view that we believe our categories are large, global, healthy, and we -- our responsibility is to give them healthy and growing very fast.
Ramon Laguarta: Great question. And it's essential to our strategy, continue to drive low sugar and nonsugar products as kind of the portfolio transformation. In the case of Pepsi, obviously, that is very relevant for us given the size and scale of Pepsi brand for us. The relaunch in the U.S. with a new formula is very -- it's been very well received by consumers based on our early data of repeats and preferences. The brand is growing 60%, if I remember correctly, in the first quarter, and that's driven a little bit by distribution, but it's mostly velocity. So clearly, the consumers are -- they like the product and they're coming back to the product. Globally, we also see big growth of the nonsugar segment in the category 2, 3x, the average of the category in most of the markets. And we are driving that growth along with some of our key competitors. I think it's a strategy that is working and it's keeping the category very relevant for consumers. We'll continue to invest in nonsugar as a driver of growth for our brands.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. In general, we're seeing private label growth in some of the categories where we participate, especially waters, juices that we used to participate in some categories in salty snacks as well as you mentioned. As you will say, Frito-Lay is -- I think it's growing share of market at the fastest pace that we've seen in the last, maybe 10 years, if I recall, as a consequence of the great work the team is doing in terms of execution, but mostly innovation and brand building.  So I think we see both private label increasing, although from a very low base in salty snacks. But most importantly for us, we're seeing our brands continue to gain loyalty, expand their consumer base and be preferred in that segment. But yes, private label is slowly increasing and in -- from a very, very low base as I said, in some subsegments of the salty snacks business.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Listen, we're happy with the learnings that we're taking, both in the operation of this category, which is new to us and also in how we create consumer demand and consumer loyalty, and we continue to find partners to create new solutions for consumers with our brands. We just launched a tea version, a hard tea version with Lipton and FIFCO Company. They developed a great product, which we're going to start distributing through our system in the next few weeks. So we're going to go into the summer with 2 main products, Mountain Dew -- Hard Mountain Dew and Hard Lipton.  As I said, our intention is not to build a large portfolio of products and complex portfolio, but is to focus on a few good brands developed with strategic partners and then leverage our distribution capabilities to give it to consumers all across the country. That's our journey. We're not rushing. We're going at a speed that we learn and we make this business solid with the right margins and the right consumer propositions.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. I mean we've expressed this in the past. We want to have a business that grows and the category pace or above and expand its margins to the mid-teens levels that we have mentioned as well in the next 2 to 3 years. So that is the strategic intent for this business. I think the team is executing very well. The way we measure our share is full LRB. So it's the full set of brands that we have in our portfolio, not just small segments within the category. And obviously, I think we're progressing well against that growth target for the year, whilst also expanding the margins for the business. We feel good about the margin expansion this year.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Great. Listen, as I said earlier, Frito-Lay, I think, it's in the U.S. and -- but also the whole snack business globally is doing extremely well. But if we focus on the U.S., I think the team is doing a fantastic job growing the large brands, as you mentioned, Lays, Doritos, Ruffles, Tostitos, Cheetos. And at the same time, building peripheral brands that cover some spaces that we're not covering with the big brands. Let's call it, PopCorners or SunChips [indiscernible]. We're really building a portfolio of brands that covers different cohorts and different need stays in a unique way.  We're also innovating in new formats. You mentioned multipack, which has been a great hit for us in terms of variety and empowering consumers for personalization. But this year, a few months ago, we launched Minis, which is also an incredible innovation. If you think about the convenient -- the additional convenience it gives consumers and putting our best brands in that format opens a whole set of new occasions for the business.  So we feel very good about the innovation strategy and how we keep capturing new occasions into our brands. As I said earlier, I think the business is becoming better operationally as the supply of materials is getting better, labor availability is getting better. So we should see operational metrics improving, and that's what you're seeing in the margins, although the Q1 margin was a little bit elevated. The strategic intent with Frito-Lay is growing it very, very fast and keeping the margins at those high levels because that's super accretive for the PepsiCo overall business.  Okay. I think this is the last question. So really appreciate the conversation this morning, and thank you, everyone, for joining today and especially for the confidence that you're all placed in our company and the investments you're making in our company. Thank you very much, and have a great day.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. And the only thing I'd add to that, Dara, as a reminder, you know we tend to buy commodities 9 to 12 months out. So to the degree that the rate of inflation decreases, and it will be a decrease in the rate of inflation, not deflation, by any stretch of imagination that's going to happen very slowly over the course of '23. I think that's more of a '24 thing to the degree it happens even then.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, Andrea. A couple of things. Just for clarity, in terms of the snack food or the community food volume, Pioneer was a big driver of that. There are challenges with the power grid down in South Africa. And obviously, Pioneer makes a lot of heavy products. Ex-Pioneer Snacks volume was basically flat for the quarter and beverages obviously was up a small amount for the quarter.  In terms more broadly of sort of the rate of growth of all of the businesses. From a revenue standpoint, I think generally speaking, you see the consumer continuing to buy our products. Elasticities are still holding up quite well across most of the globe. And then despite the fact that we're taking pricing driven by the inflation that we're facing into.  In terms of operating performance, I think what you're seeing more than anything is a reflection of the productivity initiatives that we've put into place, whether they be automation in the supply chain or digitalization across the company, we're leveraging global business services. So when we talk about sort of an acceleration in the operating income performance, I think it's a consumer that's responding to the brand advertising we're doing. And in addition to that, the productivity that we're driving.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. Bryan, it's really two things. One is a seasonal inventory build on the Gatorade thing, as you mentioned. The second is, we've got a number of significant capital projects that are in flight right now and the timing of the payables on the capital equipment is what drove that number. So I would take it as a one-off, not a change in trend by any stretch of the imagination. It's just a one-off when the quarter ended.
Hugh Johnston: No, I think that's the only thing -- and I think where Chris is going with the question from his perspective as well. Chris, I think you'll see more of the financial impact of those investments in SG&A significantly less selling cost of goods. So as you're modeling it out, SG&A is a place where you'll see all the items that Ramon referenced will be hitting.
