Hugh Johnston: Good morning everyone. As Ramon noted, for 2020, we expect to deliver 4% organic revenue growth and 7% core constant currency earnings per share growth. We expect foreign exchange to have an approximately negative 1 percentage point impact on net revenue and core EPS growth and, therefore, expect our core U.S. dollar EPS to be $5.88 in 2020. For 2020, we also expect our core – annual core effective tax rate to be approximately 21%, free cash flow of approximately $6 billion, reflecting CapEx of approximately $5 billion. The higher rate of capital spending is associated with accelerating progress on our strategic growth priorities, as Ramon laid out earlier. We expect our capital spending to remain at or around these levels for the next few years and now expected to moderate to 5% of sales by 2023. We expect total cash returns to shareholders of approximately $7.5 billion in 2020, comprised of dividends of $5.5 billion and share repurchases of $2 billion. The expected cash returns reflect a 7% increase in the annualized dividend per share effective – with the dividend expected to be paid in June 2020. This will represent the company’s 48th consecutive annual dividend per share increase. With respect to your models, please keep in mind the following: In the first quarter of 2020, we face a difficult comparison for both organic revenue and core constant currency operating profit growth at Frito-Lay North America and our international divisions. With that, now we’ll open it up for your questions. Operator, we’ll take the first question.
Hugh Johnston: It’s Hugh. I would say we have a good level of visibility into the revenue guidance. You know historically, we’ve been pretty accurate on that, and I would expect that to continue to be the case. That said, as you sort of slightly noted, the world is certainly a volatile place, lots of events going on in a lot of areas of the world even as noted a bit with some of the news this morning. That said, we take the facts that we have and we always try to plan for at least some level of volatility as a part of developing our expectations for the year. Because history tells us most years, we’ll have some volatility. So I think, generally speaking, we have good visibility. Regarding developing and emerging markets at 8%, that’s really a continuation, I think, of what we’ve seen over a number of years. The per capita consumption opportunities in those markets are quite large. And I think we’re doing a very good job. But we’re also barely scratching the surface relative to what the ultimate opportunity could be. It’s one of the reasons we’re investing in growth because we think by virtue of realizing those per cap opportunities and driving growth, we’ll be able to sustain this algorithm for a very, very long period of time.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, good morning, Andrea. In terms of the guidance, actually, the guidance that we’re giving this year is exactly the same as we gave 12 months ago. So obviously, we saw a world where the investments that we were making paid off a little bit better than we expected. And as a result, we got results and growth that were higher than that. Regarding whether we’ve leveled off, I don’t think you’ll see the same level of growth in advertising and marketing this year. It will still grow. It might even grow a little bit in excess of the rate of sales growth. To a great degree, it’s going to depend on the opportunities that we see in front of us. We’ve certainly funded our advertising line well going into the year. But frankly, if we see innovation taking off or if we see an opportunity in the marketplace to accelerate investment in order to capture even more growth, we’re not going to be shy about doing that. And we’ve put room into the way that we guide to give us the ability to take advantage of those opportunities. As I mentioned, we think we’re in great categories. And we think right now, there’s lots of opportunities to grow faster. So we’re going to continue to do that, and at the same time, we’re going to continue to invest in the stronger capabilities that allow us to sustain performance for a longer period of time.
Hugh Johnston: Good morning, Laurent. Thanks for the question. A couple of comments on that. Number one, we launched the tea venture with Unilever a couple of decades ago, and they’ve been a terrific partner over the course of the last couple of decades. We’ve built a nice ready-to-drink tea business, both in the U.S. and internationally. So we certainly feel good about that. As regards the JV, we really like where we sit very much right now. We think the JV has got good balance, and I think we find the ready-to-drink aspect of tea to be attractive. So we like where we sit. Obviously, the announcement may have some ramifications for Unilever, but we think it shouldn’t have substantive ramifications for us going forward.
Ramon Laguarta: Good morning Bryan. Yes, listen, we feel very good about Frito performance in 2019. So we accelerated the highest level, I think, in the last seven years, so overall, a very good year. Volume went up and volume across all our brands, the big brands and also the new brands that we’re trying to build for the future. So very positive performance and also, as I said, across all channels. So very, very holistic, very good performance, I would say. The deceleration in Q4, as I said on the statement, is based on the pricing decision in 2018. We took priced in Q4. This year, we didn’t take any price in Q4. It will be more of a price decisions now in Q1, second half of the Q1. So that’s the main difference. We feel good about it especially the volume acceleration. The fact that our pounds went up almost 1% this year versus last year, it’s a pretty positive to us testament that our investments are working in driving per capita consumption, which at the end is the long-term driver of the business.
Ramon Laguarta: That’s a good question. Listen, we feel – I mean, if there’s any division that we feel very strong about the turnaround this year, it’s PBNA, right? We feel good about the way we’re exiting the market and the year and also how we’ve driven that performance. So if you think about our innovation has been very, very strong across the year, and you mentioned, some of the successes. So Gatorade, clearly driving sustainable growth by innovating in a new space like Zero. Zero has driven a lot of new consumers into the sports category, and so it’s not like a summer-related growth of Gatorade. It is a, I would say, a structural, more penetration of the brand into consumers that were not consuming Gatorade. So we see that as sustainable. Actually, it accelerated during Q4. We see Pepsi, as I said, with sustainable growth. So that makes us feel good. That’s also driven by new variants like Zero, smaller packages that are driving consumption. So we see Pepsi as well driving sustainable growth. We continue to see very strong performance in our coffee business, and our partnership with Starbucks is as more robust than ever. I think the kind of innovation we’re bringing to the market and how we’re moving that category also into new premium spaces with innovation is very powerful. Very strong performance across the year, including Q4. The same with our tea categories. Pure Leaf continues to drive a lot of growth and develop the category. You mentioned bubly. I think bubly is just scratching the surface as a brand. It’s still very underpenetrated. It’s a brand that, I think, space-wise also has a lot of opportunities. So I think a lot of people don’t even know about the brand or haven’t tried the brand. So I think it’s already a pretty meaningful-sized brand. So we feel very strong about the way we’re driving growth for PBNA. It’s not short term or it’s really developing the different segments of the category where we participate, expanding those categories, bringing more consumers into this space. There’s another lever, I think, of sustainable growth for PBNA, which is driven by better execution. And this better execution, obviously, comes from more focus on execution. But I think the organizational change we’ve made to the business where we have decision-making closer to the consumer and to the market is making us a better execution company in PBNA. I think that is, again, it’s not a 1-year event. It’s a multiyear opportunity that we’re going to get better with better tools and better focus. So we feel strong about where we finished. We feel strong about the drivers of that growth, not being one-off, but being very sustainable drivers of growth.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Listen, good question. And I think obviously, we’re looking at long-term trends of the consumer and trying to adjust the portfolio to those trends. If you look at the way we’re driving the growth in 2019 and the way we think we’ll drive the growth in the next year, it’s been across all brands. So we’ve seen the consumer continue to go back to our classics, Lay’s and Doritos and Cheetos and Tostitos. The truth is that we’re trying to improve the way we market those brands in a way we are personalizing the messages, the way we’re creating unique content for different types of consumers and the way we innovate against those large brands. At the same time, our kind of more permissible portfolio, our premium portfolio, that segment of our range is growing about two times the average of the company. So if you think about Off the Eaten Path, Bare, Simply, Smartfoods, I mean, all those brands that you would say they are probably preferred by some type of consumers that prefer more permissible snacks, they are growing two times. But the beauty of our Frito-Lay portfolio and the same would apply to our PBNA portfolio, is that we’re trying to grow both our classic brands, large brands that are well established, trying to modernize them, keep them very attractive to the consumers and then innovate into future spaces where the consumer might move at a different speed in different parts of the country as they decide to change their consumer habit. So we’re evolving the portfolio. Some of the acquisitions we’ve made also will help us in that respect. But we’re also – we’re innovating in those spaces ourselves. Off the Eaten Path is a great example. The Simply portfolio is a great example that is giving us very high penetration in those consumers that you referred to. What we’re seeing – and I think we talked about it last time, is there is a trend towards smaller packages. And that might be a way the consumer is also approaching snacking categories with portion control being a key driver of the occasion. So we see small packs. And the fact that we’re moving a lot of capacity into smaller packs, I think would continue to give us good growth in that space of more permissible snacking, either by portion control by new brands and products that are preferred by those consumers. We don’t see a deceleration of the category. That’s why you mentioned there’s a lot of new players that want to participate in this snacking trend, which I think is true and is going to be here for a long time. And that would make us feel very positive about Frito because there are a lot of tailwinds to the snacking category.
Ramon Laguarta: And then, if I may add. The way we’re approaching in every market, the opportunity, I mean, for 2020, we have, I think, very strong plans, well funded both on customer and consumer ideas. We’re investing in additional capacity across the world. So our purpose here is to gain market share in every market where we compete. We’ve been doing that in the – in 2019. We’ll continue to do that in 2020. The compensation in the company is very geared to top line and market share growth. So that’s the way we’re starting the year. Our guidance, as Hugh said, includes the possibility of events during the year that might surprise us on the negative front. But I think the guidance reflects that positive attitude towards market share and then some uncertainty room in the overall number.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. Lauren, good morning. We have a good playbook on – especially in the snack business, on how do we develop the category and what are the levers that we need to play in every market to deliver the per cap growth that we normally deliver in the markets. And there’s obviously innovation, there’s brand building, there’s visibility, there’s value, there’s many levers that we play in that playbook. So to your point on brands, brands are part of that playbook. We have Doritos, I would say, in 75% of our international markets maybe, that’s the number. We have Cheetos probably in 90% of our markets. Lay’s is, obviously, the brand that we normally tend to lead than Ruffles, the potato business because that’s where I think we have more differentiation possibilities with our agro programs and our flavor programs. So – but don’t take it as a brand exclusive per capita development opportunity. But it’s a very holistic development opportunity that includes brands, innovation, and we’re getting better at lift and shift or lift and adapt, as we call it, taking successful products from one market and rolling them out globally. But there’s a lot of work in our playbook in how we develop the point-of-sale, and we become available everywhere and also how we understand consumers in their pocket money and their affordability and then how do we adopt in every market, the price levels to the pocket money of the consumer, and it’s working very well. I mean, the truth is that the snacks category, it’s growing consistently at a very high level internationally. And we don’t see any reason why it would not do that in 2020.
Ramon Laguarta: Laurent, we continue to do very well in the tea business. And it’s a category that we see growing internationally. It’s growing very fast in developed markets and also in developing. To your point on Europe, we continue to be leaders. We keep innovating there. The Pure Leaf brand is doing very well. The Lipton brand is continuing to expand. We like this category. We like what we’re seeing. As Hugh said, we’ll wait for events from Unilever.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. That’s good. Yes. So there were a couple of reasons why we made this change in the organization. One is to manage a huge geography like from Africa all the way to Australia from one location, as what we’re doing from Dubai, was a big burden on our people and our executives. So that was not the ideal. But fundamentally, more than that, which is also important, is that there are clearly different consumption patterns, different trends, different food cultures between, I would say, the group of countries centered around China and the group of countries centered around the Middle East and Africa. So we think that by making this change, we’re going to be innovating with more local relevance. We’re going to be activating our brands with more local relevance. We want to be able to have resources close to the marketplace in the critical differentiators like R&D, like sales execution that will help us to perform better in the market. One of the critical opportunities for PepsiCo is to develop the international business. And I think Asia remains by far our number one opportunity. And China, of course, is a huge market, where we have a good business. It’s growing very well, as I said in my remarks. But the opportunity is much, much higher. So that’s how we’re thinking about this new organization, enabling a more sustainable and focused growth in those two parts of the world. Africa is another big opportunity for us. We’re – hopefully, we’re almost very close to concluding the Pioneer acquisition. That will give us a lot of scale in Africa, which serves also more focus than what we had in the past. And we’re also allocating additional resources to Africa, which will help us expand in that continent, which obviously has a huge opportunity for our products.
Ramon Laguarta: Thank you. Good question. Listen, obviously, we – the consumers are looking for more caffeine, right? I mean, it’s clear that this is an opportunity that they’re looking for. As the day is becoming longer and the commuting is longer, I mean, there’s a lot of tailwinds to the use of caffeine. The way we’ve been approaching this opportunity is, as we said in the past, from multiple dimensions. So we’re playing in energy with ROCKSTAR. It’s a brand that we think we have the opportunity to – working together with the ROCKSTAR owners, to develop and to reinvest, and I think we can do a better job there. But we’re also especially working in those spaces from the coffee category, and I think our partnership with Starbucks has been great. Triple Shot Starbucks this year has been a massive innovation, and it’s nothing but a very good way to consume caffeine as well. We’re looking at participating in lower caffeine levels from – and we just announced some innovation in our bubly brand, some innovation in our BOLT24 brand. So we plan to participate in the caffeine space from multiple dimensions, including doing a better job with ROCKSTAR and our partnership there. Brands like Mountain Dew Kickstart and Mountain Dew Game Fuel are good innovation from our own brands into that space, a bit more focused on particular opportunities, one on the morning occasion, one on the gaming occasion. They’re getting good traction for us as well. So that’s the way we’re thinking now of participating in what is, as you say, a large opportunity and quite profitable.
Ramon Laguarta: Yes. I mean we’re excited. We have six quarters of growth for Pepsi continuously. And we’re seeing the brand equity going up as we invest more in the brand, as our advertising gets better, and we’re able to talk to consumers, the different segments with different messages and that’s working very well. From the product point of view, we’re seeing high growth, as I said last time, in smaller packs. So that’s continued to help the penetration in households that had stopped buying CSDs. Now they’re going back with the smaller packs. So that’s great. Zero is a very fast-growing brand. And for us, it’s a great brand internationally. We’re trying to develop it faster in the U.S. You saw our focus in the Super Bowl. Our execution is quite focused on Pepsi Zero. I mean Pepsi regular is growing back again. Again, I think there is more our execution and the fact we’re able to execute with more granularity and better precision that’s helping the Pepsi brand, along with the brand equity development. So that’s what makes us feel very strong about Pepsi continuing to grow 2020 and in the coming years. We’ll keep innovating. We’re innovating in Pepsi flavors. We keep innovating with Pepsi Cafe. So we will keep bringing some news to the brand to continue the consumer engagement with our brand, our products. Yes. That’s good. Okay. Thank you. I think that concludes the Q&A. Thank you for your time and your participation in this morning’s call. We’re very pleased with the progress we’ve made to date, and we’re executing well against our key priorities. We look forward to updating you again on our progress throughout the year, and we thank you very much for the confidence you’ve placed with us with your investment. Thank you.
