Hugh F. Johnston: Thank you, Indra, and good morning, everyone. Moving on to our outlook for 2017, as we set out in the release, we expect organic revenue growth of at least 3%, as we expect to continue to benefit from successful product innovation and strong marketplace execution, tempered by a cautious macro outlook. And we expect core earnings of $5.09 per share, which assumes core constant currency growth of 8%, offset by an expected 3 percentage point drag from foreign exchange translation based on current market consensus rates. Let me touch on the key considerations and assumptions embedded in our outlook. We expect currency to be headwind as a majority of our major currencies, including the Mexican peso, the pound, the Egyptian pound and Turkish lira and others, are expected to devalue relative to the dollar based on the current consensus outlook. Our guidance assumes a 3-point unfavorable impact on both revenue and core earnings per share. We expect raw material inflation to accelerate, both by an increase in our basket of commodities and additional pressure from transaction ForEx. We expect A&M as a percent of sales to be roughly in line with 2016. We expect continued operating margin expansion through a mix of where we are sourcing the expansion will be more heavily skewed to SG&A versus the COGS you have seen in recent years. And we expect our core effective tax rate to be approximately 24%. Productivity will continue to contribute to our margin expansion, enabled by several important foundational initiatives we've put in place. First, by investments we have made in technology, starting with our implementation of SAP in the early 2000s, followed by implementation of many other complementary software, hardware and advanced manufacturing technology solutions that we are leveraging on a global scale. Second, by our aggressive environmental sustainability programs that reduce our use of resources, particularly energy, packaging and water. Third, the global operating model we put in place beginning in 2012 has reduced management layers, increased management spans, promoted best practice sharing and accelerated decision-making. And the fourth, Smart Spending, our version of zero-based budgeting that is capturing substantial savings across all major discretionary spending categories. For example, by increasing our use of relatively inexpensive teleconferencing by 30%, we also cut travel expense by over 30% and increased the productivity of our associates by reducing the time they spend in airports and on planes. Our productivity agenda, focused on driving both efficiency and effectiveness, has resulted in approximately $1 billion of annual savings since 2012 and is expected to generate approximately $1 billion again in 2017. Over just the last three years, it has contributed to 140 basis points of core operating margin improvement, and led to a 510 basis point increase in our core net ROIC. And our productivity programs have driven greater effectiveness across our value chain by increasing manufacturing throughput, expanding SKU capacity, improving job quality for our front-line associates, creating a safer work environment, reducing our environmental footprint, improving product freshness for our consumers and enhancing our customer service. Turning to cash flow, we expect to continue to generate strong cash flow and to exercise discipline over capital allocation, with prudent reinvestment into the business and the majority of our free cash flow returned to shareholders. So for 2017, we expect: approximately $10 billion in cash flow from operations; net capital spending of approximately $3 billion; approximately $7 billion in free cash flow, excluding certain items; cash dividends of approximately $4.5 billion; and share repurchases of approximately $2 billion. Finally, as you update your models, I'd like to highlight the following. As it relates to the first quarter, we expect both our organic revenue growth and core EPS growth rates to be below our full-year guidance levels due to four factors. First, at this stage of the quarter, we expect organic sales to decline at our AMENA [Asia-Middle East-North Africa] division, driven by increased levels of volatility throughout the region and Chinese New Year timing. Second, holiday calendar shifts will modestly impact our top-line results in North America. Third, FLNA and NAB face very difficult operating profit growth comparisons, as they lap both input cost deflation from last year. And finally, we expect foreign exchange translation to be a low single-digit headwind on both reported revenue and EPS based on current market consensus rates. With that, we're ready to take the first question.
Hugh F. Johnston: Sure, happy to, Bryan. Two things, one, in terms of the 53rd week, it is not included in the base. So the 3% is an apples-to-apples comparison between 2017 and 2016. That's a clean comparison. Number two, nothing specific in terms of anything attached to PepsiCo's business performance, I think our 3% revenue guidance reflects just a cautious outlook on the macros globally as well as a reflection of what is even a more volatile world relative to the volatility that we've seen in the past few years. So the combination of that increased volatility relative to the recent past and our general caution as we provide guidance at this time of the year has led us to the 3% growth outlook – at least 3% growth outlook.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yeah, happy to, Dara. Two comments on that, number one, the Q4 gross margins were not a surprise to us in any way, shape, or form. I think as we had mentioned during the course of the year, our expectation was for inflation in commodities to pick up a bit in the fourth quarter, and that's exactly what happened. Now when we take pricing, we take pricing for the entire year. So we got a little bit of extra gross margin expansion during the first three quarters as we took our annual pricing, and we got a small amount of compression, 25 basis points, in the fourth quarter. As we look forward into 2017, in the first half in particular, before we lap the inflation that we saw in 2016, we do expect to see a higher level of low single-digit inflation in commodities. And that combined with our annual pricing outlook will probably result in a bit of pressure on gross margins. As I mentioned in the script that I just shared with you all as well, I would expect to see more of our operating and margin expansion coming from SG&A rather than coming from cost of goods. That's a result of an intentional strategy. As we saw ourselves moving to a slightly different commodity environment, we focused more of our productivity energy on SG&A to accommodate that to enable continued operating margin expansion.
Hugh F. Johnston: So, Lauren, let me talk a little bit about productivity reinvestment first. We have lots of productivity initiatives over the course of the company, whether it's things like GES, which we've been doing at Frito for a number of years and we've now expanded it into Latin America, as well as different types of capability building that continue the momentum that we've seen on productivity. With the 53rd week, we thought there was a good opportunity to continue to invest and accelerate that. We did so, particularly in Latin America but as well as in other businesses in Europe and to some degree in AMENA as well. That is going to be a part of the SG&A gross margin story going forward. As relates to your question on tax treatment, the answer is yes, it is included.
Hugh F. Johnston: Sure, happy to. And, Ali, just to be even more specific on the A&M question, A&M was level for the fourth quarter, so the SG&A increase that you saw, the productivity increase in SG&A for the quarter, was not driven by A&M at all. A&M was level for the quarter as a percent of sales. Regarding the benefits that we expect to see going forward, I think it's reflective of two things. Number one, it's continuing rollout of things like GES, which obviously make our selling system more effective. And as we take those capabilities in different forms to various regions of the world, you're going to continue to see more benefit in that regard. That's big point number one. Big point number two is around Smart Spending. As I think we've mentioned in earlier calls, we really focus Smart Spending on four categories in this year. We still have another 27 or 28 categories of spend. So you'll continue to see Smart Spending having a significant influence on our SG&A going forward. Regarding your question on share repurchase, I think, more than anything else, that is driven by the fact that, I believe as you know, certainly many of our investors know, that we have been returning capital to shareholders in excess of free cash flow over the course of the last several years. By moving that number to $2 billion, that basically brings our cash return in line with our free cash flow generation, which obviously puts us in a very sustainable position going forward. Obviously, as everything else, to the degree there are changes in guidance, we'll update it, but, right now, that is our guidance and that's what we would expect for the year.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes, Judy, happy to answer that. You're absolutely right. AMENA is only part of it. If you recall, part of my comments as well reflected holiday timing. Let me point to two things in particular that do have a meaningful impact on the quarter. Number one, New Year's actually this year fell into our 53rd week. In previous years, that's fallen into week one of the new year. So in effect, we lost New Year's out of this year. Now, the reality of it is because it fell into the 53rd week, we also really lost it out of last year as well. It wasn't captured in either year. So that takes away from our Q1 in North America. Number two was the timing on Easter. We lose a week of the Easter build out of Q1. That moves into Q2. Those two big factors are basically the holiday timing point that I was making, and that focus is very specifically on our North American businesses. Other than that, our North American businesses are performing well. There's no issue with the performance of the businesses, but the holiday timing at both ends of the quarter do have a negative impact on it. In addition to that, as we mentioned earlier, and this is part of AMENA's numbers, the timing impact on Chinese New Year, the move forward pulled some of that into the fourth quarter, whereas in the previous year, it had been entirely in the first quarter. So those are the specific holiday timing references, but nothing in the first quarter relating to the businesses themselves in terms of negative implications for performance.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes, Steve, happy to. Regarding the first one, just to clarify on the numbers, when we talked about 10%, that 10% number was ex-Venezuela. We delivered, ex-Venezuela, 12%. The 9% reference that you heard us talking to earlier was inclusive of the Venezuela overlap. So when you exclude Venezuela, the 10% became 12%. Hopefully, that clarifies it. If not, you can speak to the IR team. But the simple answer is the 10% that we had projected actually became 12% at the end of the year. Regarding your question around the slightly wider gap between revenue growth and EPS growth, I think the revenue growth, as both Indra and I referenced earlier, is reflective of the fact that we are certainly cautious about the macros and the volatility and we want to ensure, as we do, that we give guidance that we have a very high confidence level that we can hit and, ideally, if the world turns out to be a better place, we can beat. Regarding EPS, we have a very clear line of sight in terms of our productivity plans for the year. And it's really the productivity plans, more SG&A focused, that will drive the operating margin improvement that will allow us to stay on the 8% EPS guidance.
Hugh F. Johnston: Sure, happy to. Good morning, Bonnie. Regarding the 53rd week, we prioritize investment funding not based on where we have upsides, but where the best opportunities are for growth. So some of the reinvestment in the business fell into North America, but some of it fell into our international businesses because we continue to see great opportunities for growth there. Obviously, internationally, the dollar continues to be a bit of a challenge. But that said, we still see terrific long-term value creation opportunities across many of our international businesses, and we want to invest in those businesses. So we took the opportunity with the 53rd week to do so. As regards our go-forward on SG&A, I think you'll continue to see us, as I mentioned earlier, really drive productivity out of both the selling system and out of Smart Spending in order to continue to see margin expansion, so nothing further to add on that, other than the fact that we do continue to see opportunities there for further cost reduction.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yeah, Bill, regarding free cash flow, you're right. The number is down slightly, driven by two things: number one, the impact of foreign exchange, as you had speculated; and number two, a slightly higher level of CapEx, although lower than our 5% long-term guidance on CapEx. So CapEx will be up a little bit but still inside of the guidance that we've given you in the past.
Hugh F. Johnston: In fact, we continue to make tremendous progress on working capital, and our cash conversion cycle is actually negative at this point.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yeah, Mark, just to expand on that, I was down in Mexico last week and the market looked terrific. Our business looks terrific. I saw no implication there. And in terms of the UK as well, we've seen no meaningful business impact from some of the things happening in the political arena at all.
Indra K. Nooyi: And basically what we're saying is what is under our control, we intend to execute very well. And then, whatever happens in the macro environment, we'll try to manage through it as best we can.
Indra K. Nooyi: On DSD, DSD is the strength of our company. Given the nature of our categories, which are high velocity, relatively low value density, DSD is critical because they're impulse, and how we merchandise the product really drives the growth of the category. So we are totally committed to DSD. And we continue to make investments in DSD to modify it as we go along to account for whatever disruption happens in the retail channels. So PepsiCo remains committed to DSD. Regarding the beverage outlook in North America, we've always tracked liquid refreshment beverage growth as a whole. We've expected for the past decade or more that there will be shifts within the category from carbonated soft drinks to non-carbonated soft drinks, and we've managed the portfolio accordingly. So I think you should focus on LRB [Liquid Refreshment Beverage] as a whole. And our expectation is that the overall LRB category will grow slightly above population growth and around GDP growth. And that's really what our anticipation is for the LRB category growth going forward.
Indra K. Nooyi: In the case of share in North America, we track LRB share. We track savory share. We track salty share, macro snack share. We track it every which way. And as we've always said, we want to make sure we balance share growth and profitability very, very judiciously. Our goal is never to hit the pricing lever too much in order to gain share. We want to make sure that we keep the pricing architecture across our portfolio very, very consistent over the quarter and over the year. So I wouldn't worry about small perturbations in share in any one quarter, in any one category. This is something we monitor very, very carefully. And I'd say both Frito-Lay North America and our North America Beverage business as a whole are doing well. Gatorade, in particular, is one of our crown jewels, and the business is performing very, very well. We have a leadership position in the isotonic category. And the business is performing exceedingly well in the category, which involves active thirst, which is really what we track. So, Hugh, let me turn it over to you to answer the first part of the question.
Indra K. Nooyi: I think that's way too detailed a question, Vivien. I'd just say that over time, across the company, not just Frito-Lay, but across all of PepsiCo, we have actually dialed up our revenue management capabilities. We've built revenue management centers of excellence across North America. And we've improved our understanding of household down to a very granular level that allows us to tailor products and packaging for individual households and get the price utilization we need, because we can put the right assortment on the shelves based on the trading area of that particular store and the households that that store targets. I think that's what drives revenue management. And you're going to see that being deployed across North America. And hopefully, that'll result in better revenue realization as we go forward.
Indra K. Nooyi: Caroline, good morning. Good to hear you. The Mountain Dew franchise is alive and energetic, pardon the pun. If you include regular Mountain Dew, Diet, all the variants in Kickstart, it's a thriving franchising and perhaps one of the best-performing franchises in the CSD universe. And we intend to continue to invest behind Mountain Dew. We intend to continue to invest behind Kickstart and the franchise is doing well. Regarding Diet Pepsi, we had a bit of a hiccup with Diet Pepsi with the rollout of the aspartame-free product, but now with the relaunch of the zero-sugar Pepsi, putting it on the Super Bowl, we're back in business. It's a great tasting product. It is a great tasting product. In fact, I'd say it's the best tasting diet in the market. Try it. And I think our plan is to invest behind the zero-sugar Pepsi rollout and make sure that it is the diet for the Pepsi portfolio.
Indra K. Nooyi: And on demonetization, across the board for pretty much all of industry and CPG in particular, because it hit the individual retailers significantly, demonetization had a significant impact on our India business in Q4. And there's still some lingering effects. I'm not sure we are totally out of the woods. It's a big country, a massive change because it's currency that was about 80% of the circulation out in the country that was taken out of circulation, and the implementation had its share of challenges. So our hope was that by the time Q2 rolls by, we would be through the bulk of the demonetization challenges. And the new currency and the digital currency will be back in circulation and we'll be back to retail activity coming back to normal.
Indra K. Nooyi: We are basic food and beverage. I don't believe political actions impact consumption of our products. And we're not seeing any deterioration in activity versus our products, and the market growth continues.
Indra K. Nooyi: Thank you for your questions. So to summarize, we are pleased with our results for 2016 and that gives us confidence in our performance as we enter 2017. We are committed to continue to manage everything within our control in what we expect will be a volatile and uncertain macro environment in order to deliver attractive results in the short-term, as we continue to position the business for long-term success. Thank you all for joining us this morning and for the confidence you have placed in us with your investment. Thank you.
