Indra Nooyi: Thanks, Dara. And first of all, I think you asked me about 10 questions within one question, but given that we had this technical difficulty, I guess you are entitled to ask these 10 questions. I think you asked a sort of very, very interesting questions, I think the changes we are seeing in the industry are quite interesting and I think the changes that we are seeing benefit companies that have already invested to build scale, building international footprint and have the right partnerships around the world. I think now it’s not the time for companies to go and plant flags in new countries and try to startup businesses. So, I’d actually observe that the advantage CPG companies are small, niche single country companies with small brands who grow it to a certain level and then flip it or very large established scale companies who build businesses in multiple geographies. And I don’t mean just planting the flag actually built scale. And I think PepsiCo is one of those few companies that have actually over the years invested to build scale, put the right partnerships in place, built a diversified portfolio and actually solidified our presence and we made all the investments over the years. So that part of the investment is behind us. This next tranche of investments relate to digitalization thinking through more automation in our plants, in our go-to-market systems figuring out how we can unleash more productivity, but more efficiency and effectiveness not just efficiency, if efficiency and effectiveness so that we can serve the changing retail world in more efficient and productive base, because retailers are going to go through their own changes and they are going to look at a few players to be the anchor suppliers to them while they handle with all kinds of changes with a large portion of the CPG world. And I think PepsiCo with its DSD systems and with its high velocity categories, its brand portfolio, and most importantly, innovation becomes a very valuable partner across the world. I mean I have often said this to you, when we had just snacks and beverages going to large European retailers, we were like 37 in a number of 50 on the list now with our combined approach and the Power of One approach, we are in the top 5 or top 7 suppliers driving a lot of the growth. They look at us and say there are these large companies the drive a lot of growth in our anchor suppliers that we should just have great relationships with, leave them aside, while we focus on all of the other players that we need to either prune the portfolio or figure out how to make them more efficient. So we are making investments in digitalization, more automation in plants, rethinking our innovation process and making sure that we fragment or segment our innovation between premium, mid and value and deal with each country and each marketplace with that sort of an architecture. And then we are getting better and better lifting and shifting across the world. So, there I don’t think that a big burst of innovation required. All that we are doing is investing as we go along. And I think Hugh talked about the fact that we have been making investments in the business. We have been doing that deliberately and carefully over the years. And we are going to continue to do that. We are going to look for ways to unleash productivity and every time we have productivity we are going to see how we judiciously reinvest in the business that we can keep this engine going. And in terms of price mix, innovation is a big driver of price mix as is revenue management and we are improving our revenue management skills all the time applying more digital tools. When it comes to innovation, we are thinking more and more about segmenting on innovation and we are also thinking about how to incubate a niche company within our big company and that’s what we are focused on in every big region of the world. So overall, we feel very comfortable with our overall strategy.
Indra Nooyi: Pablo, we reinvested tax benefits on additional media for NAB and wherever the businesses needed investment, we put it in. The idea is not just to invest, it’s to reinvest judiciously, so that we get return from the investments. And we also reinvested some of the tax benefits in our frontline bonus, so that especially people in the United States where the tax benefits of really accrued can benefit from the upside. Now, when it comes to our North American Beverage business, we are investing in CSDs, especially trademark Pepsi. And we are investing more in trademark Pepsi, because we saw stepped up investment in media from our competition. So we are doing that. When it comes to the Zero Sugar portfolio both between Diet Pepsi and Pepsi Zero Sugar, Pepsi Zero Sugar is growing extremely well. I mean, it’s – I hate to use the word flying off the shelves but is doing exceedingly well. When it comes to Diet Pepsi, Diet Pepsi is also back to good performance. And I have to tell you the flavor portfolio on Diet Pepsi and whatever competition launched, you might want to look at the numbers in a little bit more detail, because I think it’s a mixed bag. We have to be careful not to throw too much innovation to this marketplace and sort of obfuscate the numbers from our perspective, Zero Sugar portfolio between Diet and Zero Sugar is doing well and is doing well on the sustained consistent basis and we are playing the long game, Pablo, in terms of overall liquid refreshment beverages. And we think that, that’s the right way to play this beverage game and we feel good about where we are headed.
Indra Nooyi: I am going to take the third one and then Hugh, I am going to toss it to you to talk about the first two, okay. NAB improvement, again, Ali as I mentioned, we are playing the LRB game. We are looking to improve our position in the liquid refreshment beverage category, because we play in pretty much every category in LRB most of them with very, very strong brands. And in terms of A&M spending, we increased A&M spending on trademark Pepsi as we mentioned we were going to do and because the A&M gets curved in, you will see the benefits flowing through in Q3 and Q4 more as we go through and we are seeing the improvement in brand health metrics and we are seeing a sequential improvement in the performance of the business. So believe me, we have focused maniacally on tracking the performance and the result of all of our increased spending. And what we are seeing in the results, that gives us confidence to tell you what we told you on the call today. So on balance, we are feeling good about the NAB performance trends. Now, let me turn it to Hugh to talk about the one-timers and pricing, especially in countries like – regions like Latin America.
Indra Nooyi: But I think the most important thing on one-timers, we don’t do one-timers to deliver earnings, we do one-timers because we think it’s the right business model for those countries and what we are trying to do is to strengthen the core business, so that they have the right partner to boost the performance of that beverage business in certain markets we will franchise it to them and if think we have better off operating it, we will do that. So I think we use one-timers in a very judicious strategic way to improve the overall performance of the company.
Indra Nooyi: Gatorade is actually doing very well and this weather is helping for sure, but the underlying Gatorade trademark is very, very strong and Gatorade always attracts new players into the marketplace and they come in with either lower prices or they try to come in and build distribution and they might take a few share points in any quarter or two, but then over time if you look at it over a period of 5 or 7 years, the Gatorade franchise has been extremely resilient and is basically held on to its leadership position. We have innovated to build shoulders with the Gatorade recovery drinks, the Gatorade Chews before you start exercising and then we have segmented along flavors and then across different sports. Many of our consumers wanted a Gatorade Zero for the light exercise who didn’t want the carbohydrates that real athletes needed and so we launched Gatorade Zero. Even though there is Propel also, they wanted to be seen with the Gatorade. So, we launched Gatorade Zero and we keep advertising along the entire trademark and we have never wavered from advertising to athletes and to active exercises and that’s going to be the continued focus of Gatorade. It’s a very strong resilient franchise and we feel good about where it is and where it’s headed.
Indra Nooyi: Actually, it’s a great question, Lauren. Actually, if I look back especially the last 5 years of beverages, we have had some spectacular new products which for any small startup company would have been a blockbuster, but for PepsiCo because we have put it through DSD system unless it reaches the scale of a LIFEWTR or bubly in the first 12 to 18 months, we can’t support it, because many times the space has to come out of the core cooler or the core isle and so we look at differential velocity and then the DSD system tends to kill it. And if I look at products like Lemon Lemon from last year, it was rated the best new product launch of last year. It reached a pretty impressive level of sales yet on the DSD system I didn’t do that well, because it was cannibalizing space from a core CSD category. So what we have created now is this new entity within PepsiCo called The Hive. It’s a separate group just like we did with e-commerce we have taken it out of the core headquarters. It’s going to be an entrepreneurial group that’s going to take some of the best new products that we launched and reached a certain size, but we never really allowed it to thrive in the DSD system we were nurtured and incubated in whatever distribution system they think is the best for it and when it reaches a certain size, we can decide whether it should come into the DSD system or not. And this group is also going to look at other venturing brands they can bring in and we want to create an environment where we have a business within a business, a small entrepreneurial sort of agile group that’s thinking about the new age consumer that loves discovery brands, while allowing the big brands to thrive in the overall mothership. And this is not new to PepsiCo North America we are doing something like this in Europe. It’s a very local business. So we have to be careful not to make it global. It’s a very local business and we are going to play with these businesses, because there is a consumer that is willing to pay for discovery brands and they can reach a decent level of growth and so we are going to go off and see how to make it happen. We are feeling excited about what we have just launched. Let’s see what happens in the next few months and years.
Indra Nooyi: In terms of share gains internationally, I think overall salty snacks globally, I think in 75% of the markets we are holding or gaining share. Remember internationally, we also have a lot of local low cost competitors. In spite of that, I think 70% 75% of markets we hold or gain share, I think in 60% of markets we are gaining share and about 75% we either hold or gain, I am giving you rough numbers, Robert. In terms of beverages again in many of the markets that we participate as PepsiCo about 50% or 60% of markets we are actually holding or gaining share and then the other markets we go in and out, well, one quarter we may gain share, one quarter local competitor or a global competitor may gain share. So we trade shares on a quarterly basis based on what we are lapping or what specific, a blockbuster marketing initiative is being implemented at that time, but overall what we are focused is on an annual basis how do we make sure that we don’t do anything crazy just to gain share. We participate in a very responsible way and somewhere between 60% and 75% of our markets if we can hold or gain share that’s a very sustainable deliberate strategy. And that’s really what we are focused on globally both the snacks and beverages and now more and more in our nutrition businesses, which we are trying to figure out what the relevant marketplaces and how do we calculate a fair market share number. So that’s roughly speaking where we are on share.
Indra Nooyi: Nik, I tell you that’s a good question and let me just offer some points. When we re-franchise, it’s usually just to somebody who already has a portfolio of beverages, because Pepsi internationally in many markets, we don’t have a full lineup of beverages, we participate only in a small lineup, we partner with somebody who has their own LRB products and together we cover the entire line. An example would be something like a Postobon in Colombia that has their own line of non-carbs and then we come in with our portfolio and together, we have a fantastic leadership position in Colombia. What we are looking at and Hugh talked about our Czech Republic, Hungary and Slovakia beverage operations, we are refranchising into a partner who already has the lineup of LRB and we complete the portfolio. So our system actually is much more robust than people realize, because as a system we are much stronger than just PepsiCo in the international beverage business and that’s why we feel good about the beverage business. And the early learnings are make sure if you are going to re-franchise, re-franchise to somebody who knows how to run the beverage business and they have a portfolio that together the one plus one is a three not detracting from our own performance. So that’s all we are going to focus on going forward and those are the learnings from our beverage refranchising.
Indra Nooyi: Weather is clearly a factor. I mean, I would be lying if I didn’t tell you that hot weather helps the beverage business, but I think on top of that, our brand health metrics are all trending the right way. The business is trending the right way. And pretty much all of our franchises we are seeing sequential improvement in performance. And so even businesses that have difficult lapse we are seeing sequential improvement in performance. So I think if this continues, this bodes well for NAB.
Indra Nooyi: So thank you all for your questions. Let me summarize, the business overall is performing well in a highly dynamic environment and we remain on-track to deliver our financial goals for the year. We remain highly focused on driving better operating performance from North American Beverages and we are encouraged by the sequential improvement we have seen in NAB. Just as important even if you remain highly focused on performing well in the current and coming quarters, we remain committed to continuing to transform the business to strengthen its sustainability and durability to perform well far into the future. Thank you for joining us this morning and thank you for the confidence you have placed in us with your investment. Thank you.
Hugh Johnston: The only thing I would add, Indra, is hopefully you all have seen that this management team is always focused on creating value both in the short-term and in the long-term and achieving the right balance between the two. And as we look at all of the businesses that, that is our most significant focus and I think we will continue to do that just as we have.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, Bryan, happy to do that. So, a couple of comments. When I say gross margins under pressure, I am talking about relatively nominal pressures we have seen over the last several quarters. A combination of a couple of factors on gross margin, number one, obviously commodity inflation has picked up a bit. Certainly, we have seen a bit more in oil and in addition to that in aluminum; second, transport costs have also been under some pressure with the driver shortage in the United States; and then third, in international markets, as you know where we have seen some inflation, we do tend to price a bit behind inflation and try to drive productivity in order to offset that and then obviously we are reinvesting the tax benefit in the form of new capabilities. So, you don’t see the productivity flow through as you normally might in SG&A. So, those are the several factors that are driving it. Overall as I said, we expect full year to be on the 9% that we originally committed to and we are balancing the internal workings of the P&L to make that happen.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, happy to, Ali. In terms of one-timers, if you look at our record over the last 4 or 5 years, we have always had some one-timers whether it’s refranchising the businesses or sales of businesses or assets. So that’s going to continue to be a factor as it has been. In terms of Latin America, without a doubt, where you have high inflation environments, we have tended to price through the vast majority of that inflation. And as a result, it’s improved our revenue results sometimes at the expense of volume. As you see the inflation rates come down in those countries, obviously our pricing will diminish, but we do expect that our volume will pickup as a result of that and we expect to continue to see strong results out of Latin America and other places that have historically had high inflation where the numbers have come down a bit.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, Steve, happy to answer those questions. First, in terms of the priorities, if nothing else what we saw last year and we have certainly seen in this year we need to be able to both make sure the big businesses are on track in North America Beverages, those big businesses obviously are Pepsi, Mountain Dew and Gatorade. What we have seen over the last couple of quarters is certainly a strengthening in the Mountain Dew business both the core green bottle business as well as the innovation with Ice and now the return of Baja Blast, which has always been a Mountain Dew fan favorite. Second, obviously is Gatorade. Gatorade certainly is a business that’s now back on track and we are very excited about the innovation. Gatorade Zero really meets, I think a very unmet need for the lapse Gatorade user, because as Indra pointed out earlier, they just don’t want the calories, but they want the Gatorade brand. And then Pepsi, where we knew we needed to increase the advertising, we knew we needed to have a good campaign this year that obviously takes longer to do. The quantity is easier to turn on, but just getting it into consumer’s minds takes a period of time. So first sort of big priority is making sure the big businesses are doing well. Second is continue to execute against the innovations in the newer categories whether it’s bubly or continuing to execute LIFEWTR or continuing to make sure newer brands like KeVita do well. That’s the additive that sort of creates the growth in the business. The core brands grow at a certain rate and all of those new innovations create the incremental growth. So, I think we need to be able to do both North America Beverages obviously a big nuance complex business and we need to do more than one or two things well. We need to do most things well for that business to perform and that’s what you see happening. Regarding strategic options nothing new to report on that, we will continue to look at options to create value not only in that business, but across all of our businesses.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, to answer your first question first, I think you will see incremental pricing benefit in the third quarter and then you will see more in the fourth quarter. Regarding gas prices, convenience channel was up about 3% I believe overall for the second quarter. So I think given the healthiness of the overall economy that’s more than offsetting the gas price increases.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. So, our previously discussed long-term guidance is equal to or less than 5% of net revenue, no update on that right now, bigger investments in a couple of places. Latin America, we have seen capital spending go up as we have implemented some of the GES solutions that Indra has mentioned on the previous question. Number two, we are investing more in Frito-Lay, because we are identifying projects to drive continued growth in productivity. And number three, North America Beverage as the single-serve strategy has continued to be successful we are adding capacity in certain places.
Hugh Johnston: On water, Indra just I will finish Robert’s question. It’s about 12% of our volume, Robert, round numbers and in terms of water strategy obviously we have a case pack water business that provides baseload volume and then we are increasingly segmenting that business whether it be with flavored still waters, whether it be with flavored sparkling waters in the form of bubly, whether it be in the form of LIFEWTR, which obviously appeals to a large consumer segment, one, that continues to grow well for us. So I think you will continue to see us segment the water category into profitable niches to go along with the large scale case pack water business.
