Hugh Johnston: Thanks, Indra. I'll start with guidance.  We communicated updated guidance for 2011 in our release this morning. Our updated guidance targets high-single digit EPS growth on a core 52-week basis. Let me highlight the key underlying changes.  First, the new guidance of high-single digits is on a U.S. dollar basis. Our previous guidance of 7% to 8% was on a constant currency basis. Second, while the currency neutral growth under our previous guidance was 7% to 8%, our new guidance would imply 5% to 7% currency neutral growth as we expect 2 percentage points of ForEx benefit for the year.  So let me address why we made the change. First, our primary beverage competitor is benefiting from significant ForEx tailwinds. This gives them a lot of competitive flexibility, and it isn't logical for us to hold ourselves to a constant currency standard that our primary competitor isn't using.  Second, the commodities environment has been quite challenging this year, and our commodities forecast is a headwind that has moved to the high end of our range. These commodities have appreciated in part due to the depreciation of the U.S. dollar.  Our international earnings, on the other hand, benefit from U.S. dollar depreciation when they are converted, but we don't get that benefit when we measure our performance on a constant currency basis. The combination of these 2 items actually causes ForEx to be a performance drag on PepsiCo results under our old constant currency measurement.  Finally, as Indra mentioned, we, along with a number of other CPGs, have announced price increases for the back half of the year and are doing so in a relatively weak U.S. consumer environment. While we're implementing this pricing, which we began to do on July 11, we'll also need to gauge the consumer reaction in this uncertain environment and make adjustments accordingly.  As such, predicting the ultimate pricing realization for the back half of 2011 is more challenging than it would be in a more stable consumer environment. I expect that we might have some questions on guidance later, but thought it would be useful to provide this context before we engage in a discussion.  Because Indra has covered many of the operating trends in our business, I'll comment briefly on the below-the-line items for the quarter. Our tax rate for the quarter came in better than expected, driven largely by recognition of tax benefits in our international business. These were anticipated in our full year guidance, but were realized earlier in the year than we had previously anticipated. Consequently, our Q2 tax rate was lower than we had expected but our full year outlook remains unchanged at approximately 27%.  On share repurchases, year-to-date, we repurchased approximately $750 million of shares against our full year target of $2.5 billion. So our pace of share repurchase is expected to accelerate in the second half. The timing of share repurchases is completely consistent with what we communicated at the beginning of the year.  As you model out the balance of the year, I want to call your attention to a few items. First, incremental pricing actions will be realized during Q3 and into Q4, so they'll have a more meaningful impact on the fourth quarter because of that timing.  Second, timing of concentrate shipments will likely be a net negative in the third quarter as we expect bottler inventories to be a net drop. Third, as we intend to implement a number of accelerated productivity actions that we plan for the balance of the year, and they will also have a bigger impact on the fourth quarter than the third quarter because of the timing of execution. The net of all that is we anticipate a much stronger operating profit EPS growth rate in the fourth quarter than in the third quarter.  With that, we'd be happy to take your questions.
Hugh Johnston: No, Christine, we had previously communicated, as I'm sure you remember, $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion. And we're still in that range. Now within that range, we've moved to the higher end but no change in the $1.4 billion or the $1.6 billion range.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, so John, this is Hugh. Let me talk about that in 3 pieces. Number one, certainly in terms of the short-term dynamic, you're aware that our primary competitor has substantial ForEx, which seems to be playing its way back into the business, particularly in North America. And we think that to not be competitive with that is not a good long-term solution for the PepsiCo shareholders. Number two, as we think about the long-term earnings of PepsiCo, I expect that we will be looking at that on a USD basis. And then number three, for 2012 -- too early to talk about anything as it relates to 2012 at this point.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. I think in many ways, I'd echo Indra's point that I think we have a healthy level of dissatisfaction in PepsiCo for the way we currently do things. And the good news is I think we see opportunities consistently to do them better. I'll talk about the productivity side in particular. We're always looking at benchmarks in terms of how we do things across our processes, whether it be manufacturing or procurement or distribution. And as we benchmark, we're always looking at the top quartile and saying, "Why can't everything be like that?" And sometimes there are structural reasons but sometimes we just need to learn from ourselves internally and to get better at it. To Indra's point, I do think sometimes we're very hard on ourselves and maybe, at times, we talk about that a little bit too much externally, when in fact I do feel like competitively we use our resources pretty efficiently compared to most companies that you would contrast us to. But I think that healthy level of dissatisfaction is also one of the things that's enabled PepsiCo to be as successful as it's been and I'd expect we'll continue to have that healthy level of dissatisfaction.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, Carlos, this is Hugh. Carlos, as we mentioned in some of our earlier communications, the terms of the deal and the specifics around the financials of it are confidential, and we're not going to be sharing that at this time. When the deal closes, obviously, to the degree that cash comes in, that represents a substantial change to PepsiCo's overall cash picture. Obviously, we'll be talking to that piece of it at that point. But right now, the terms of the deal are confidential, and that's an agreement between the parties.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. Let me start on it a little bit and then Eric to the degree you want to add, please feel free. Judy, relative to our expectations, the costs are largely in line with what we had expected. Inflation in beverages is a bit higher than what was in our plans but not significantly so for the first half. It really is -- pricing and volume is really where the gap is, and we've talked about some of the reasons why, from a competitive perspective. On a year-over-year basis, obviously, commodities are up substantially. And we expected to get more pricing in the marketplace, but it's proven to be a pretty competitive market and as a result of that, that's really what's driving the year-over-year. But everything else, the synergies are largely in line, and the commodities piece, while up year-over-year, are only a little bit higher than what our expectations were.
Hugh Johnston: Why don't I talk to that briefly, and then, Eric, if you want to add in, that's fine. I think Judy the biggest gap is in carbonated soft drinks and primarily in the big volume packages. That's where we haven't seen pricing at the levels that we expected it to.
Hugh Johnston: Yes. So the tax rate Judy will actually be pretty well in line with what we said previously, which was 27%. This was really a timing switch. So to the degree that our first half tax rate is under that, then obviously, the back half will be a little bit higher than that. In terms of the 53rd week, we had previously talked about that as non-core, in line with past practice. So in terms of plans on that, we hadn't said anything publicly at this point.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, I was actually just over there with Zein a couple of weeks ago. Clearly, you have things going on in terms of value versus premium products like you do with the rest of Russia. But as Indra said, the business is performing very well. We went through a full integration review. And the integration, the synergies are on track. The marketplace performance is good. And Zein and I actually went out to visit the cows, and they seem to be doing fine as well.
Hugh Johnston: If I can add one comment around the media question, Caroline, as well. I would not assume that the level of A&M increase is the same as the media percentage spending increase. In fact, media spending increase has been much higher. One of the things that we've done, I think very effectively, inside the company is add a significant productivity program, to shift dollars from what we refer to as nonworking to working. And as a result of that, as we found that productivity, we have put it right back into media. So while you'll see A&M up, the media spending levels will be up meaningfully more than the A&M spending level overall.
John Compton: Christine, this is John Compton. On the single-serve business at Frito-Lay, we're benefiting from a new line of flavor that we've launched behind Ruffles and the Hispanic line of flavors that we've launched across the entire portfolio of brands, Doritos, Cheetos, Lay's and Ruffles. And that's the Tapatio products that we've launched in about half the country. That combined with -- we have 2 different price points, as you know, that we use in the marketplace, a $0.99 line and a $1.29 line, and the combination of those 2 with the flavors helped us to offset traffic declines. And our single-serve business grew mid-single digit for Frito-Lay overall. So I'm very pleased with the performance of the single-serve business and the up-and-down-the-street business.
John Compton: Yes. Bill, as you know we've said all along that we're going to price to cover commodity, and I think if you look in the second quarter, our gross margin in Frito-Lay was up 10 basis points. So we essentially did that and going forward, that's our intent. As you know we have multiple levers that we pull, different pack sizes, laid out price, et cetera. But we're not pricing to grow profits, we're pricing to cover our commodity costs. And so far, as understood, we put pricing into the market -- incremental pricing into the market on July 10, and 2 weeks does not a year make, and but I'm encouraged at what I'm seeing.
John Compton: On Frito-Lay, there's nothing in the first half of this year that would cause us to change our optimism about this business going forward. We continue to believe that there's volume growth in the core business. I believe the demographic changes that are taking place are actually in our favor. We've learned on how to build adjacent businesses through Stacy's and Sabra particularly. We're successful in that venture now. Historically, we've had a terrific productivity mindset at Frito-Lay. We ramped that up incrementally with the GES initiative that we're beginning to implement and roll now. And so no, I don't want anyone -- I appreciate your comments about Frito-Lay, but I don't want anyone to take away that we're milking that business because of the temporary softness in one business right now. That's not the case at all. It's a great business for running the business for the long term. We're making the necessary investments. We took our media investment up this year because we knew that we were going to take pricing, and that we thought we needed that to sort of cover any sort of consumer softness that we potentially would see. And Latin America, across the board, as you now, the snacks businesses have performed well. We had 5% volume growth and double-digit profit growth.
John Compton: Yes, certainly. As incremental pricing comes in, our net revenue performance should improve and most likely our volume performance might slow somewhat. Versus the pricing actions when we saw this high-commodity inflation environment from 2008, less of our pricing actions are going to be laid out and more of our pricing actions this year are a combination of trade promotion practices and some visual pricing. So back half of the year, I think the net revenue line will grow faster than it has in the first half of the year, and volume will slow somewhat. But I'll know more about that in the next 6 to 8 weeks.
John Compton: As I said, I'll know more as the pricing gets fully into the marketplace. But the biggest brands, I'll take Lay's and Doritos as an example, are also quite frequently sold on deals. So we have a way of managing our net pricing through the marketplace. If we see the visual pricing starting to slow a little bit, we can adjust our promotion practices.
John Compton: And to add Indra's point, the other thing that gives me confidence so we can get this pricing through is the innovation on the core business that we have coming. And so all the flavor work that we've done in Doritos and Ruffles particularly is and will continue to work well. And it flows through our big bag business straight to our single-serve business into our variety pack business, and that gives me confidence that we can get the pricing through.
John Compton: Kaumil, the single-serve business for us is being driven by the fact of the new flavors that we put into the marketplace. Largely behind Ruffles because, as I said, also the Tapatio line of products that we launched behind Doritos, Lay's, Cheetos and Ruffles in about half the country. So just core flavors are driving our single-serve business. We haven't taken pricing yet on that business. So it's really unit growth is driving the growth.
Indra Nooyi: Regarding Russia, Christine. The overall beverage category in Russia was soft in the second quarter, and I think we had 2 kinds of behavior. One, the noncarbonated beverage business and juices in particular is a gigantic market in Russia, bigger than the carbonated soft drink business. And within that, the lower-priced juices -- our juices in Russia run the whole gamut of pricing from value brands to premium brands. The value brands are better than the premium brands although, growth across the portfolio was okay. It wasn't at levels that we would like to see, but the growth wasn't bad on an organic basis. On the CSD side, there was some interesting behavior in the marketplace because some people decided to buy some volume in the marketplace so you saw some very heavy price discounting in the marketplace, and we chose not to play that game because we decided that we're going to focus on juices and maintain our pricing in the marketplace. So overall I'd say our organic growth in Russia was in the very low-single digit but that's a number that we deliberately decided to focus on because we did not want to use significant pricing drops to buy volumes.
Indra Nooyi: And Ali, one other point. You talked about Power of One. We have lot of Power of One ideas at the shelf, the consumer shelf. What we are trying to be very careful about is to execute the Power of One program, which is profit dilutive, it's not a very good idea. We want to make sure it's top line accretive, and it leads neutral on the profit side at a minimum. There's lot of ideas or profit-dilutive ideas. So we want to make sure that we execute Power of One in the back office to the extent that it makes sense. But when it comes to consumer-facing activities, it doesn't dilute our profit margins, and that is what we're looking to very carefully.
Indra Nooyi: I'll make some opening comments, and I'm going to have Eric talk to them and John talk about Frito-Lay. I think Frito-Lay is our star in the portfolio. Just a fantastic business, great market position, tremendous numbers of layers of advantage and a very well-managed business. I'd say it if it were a stand-alone company, Frito-Lay North America might well be the best consumer products company. So I think FLNA is just a wonderful organization with a great franchise and great attention to detail. I'd say our North American beverage business -- and I'd say it's not just PepsiCo I'd say the overall North American beverage environment has been an interesting one, and I've made all kinds of comments in what I see as behavior in the North American beverage business. But this is not a business that, as a category, has been sensible for years. There has been trading of a sensible point of share at the margin at huge cost for many, many years, and we've all been through an environment where for almost 20 years, there was no commodity inflation of any significant proportion. And in the last couple of years, we are beginning to see huge commodity inflation and a depressed economy. So the North American beverage business in total, not just PepsiCo, requires a very different mindset and approach to it, which I've not yet seen in the industry as a whole. Having said that, let me turn to Eric Foss to give you his comments on what we are trying to do to approach this category and then we have to watch and see how the overall marketplace evolves. So Eric, take it away.
Indra Nooyi: The other thing, Dara, is the amazing thing is around the world -- in pretty much every country of the world, the snacks businesses is very resilient and is doing well. And so we take great comfort in the fact that it's a faulty category and the strength of our franchises across the world that seems to be holding up very well in an economy where pricing is going up for all consumer products and economies have mixed performance across the world.
Indra Nooyi: Great, 3 questions. So Wimm-Bill-Dann. Wimm-Bill-Dann is performing exceedingly well. In fact the more we get to know the Wimm-Bill-Dann business, the people, the strength of the franchise, the technologies they have, they are really, really, really impressing us. So the business is a top-notch business. I'd say it's performing exceedingly well. It's had its share of commodity cost inflation because grain prices go up, the cows have to eat grain in order to produce the milk, in order for us to produce the dairy product. So there is some of that. But you want to add something on Wimm-Bill-Dann before I ...
Indra Nooyi: And you know, there's still opportunity because in Almarai, which is our joint venture with the Saudi dairy company, they have the highest yield per cow, and we haven't yet transferred those yield technologies from Almarai to Wimm-Bill-Dann. So we see a lot of upside going forward, and the management team at Wimm-Bill-Dann is top-notch. We retained pretty much all of them, I think, say, except one. But we retained everyone of them, and they're doing a great job. They've integrated wonderfully with PepsiCo. The last time they were all here for an all-day dairy review. I must tell you, you couldn't tell the difference who is Wimm-Bill-Dann and who is PepsiCo. Our European team has done a terrific job, Zein and Ramon, working with the Wimm-Bill-Dann people, integrating them into PepsiCo. So those are all the good news. And again, Power of One-wise exploiting the coolers, exploiting our existing infrastructure in snacks and beverages along with Wimm-Bill-Dann, that work is just beginning. And at this point, Caroline, we are only seeing upside from the Wimm-Bill-Dann transaction. Let me get to the media question. Across PepsiCo, in 2011, in spite of the economic issues we are increasing our overall A&M spend, and we are increasing our media spend. In fact, second half is a pretty significant step-up even in North America, and we've decided not to back off that increase because as I said in my opening comments it's even more important that when you take up pricing, you keep getting the message out on your brand so people stay engaged to the brand. So North American beverages, for example, the summertime advertising will continue. The expected advertising will be pretty big step up, and in Frito-Lay North America, second half of the year we'll continue to invest. Europe, we'll still continue to invest. EMEA is investing. Quaker Foods is investing. So across the board we're going to continue to keep investing in A&M and media. And on Tropicana, 2 things, let me separate Trop50 and cold Tropicana. Tropicana50, as I said is growing 40%. It's doing very well across the country so we feel very, very excited about the prospects for Trop50, as the product is today and all of the spinoffs of Trop50 that could come in as innovation next year. On cold Tropicana itself, we resisted going to the plastic carafe because we thought environmentally, staying with the gable-top was a better idea. And the consumer wants the plastic carafe, so we launched a beautiful plastic carafe in the West, and where we've launched the plastic carafe, we are gaining share handsomely. We feel very, very good, and this is now beginning to roll to the whole country. And in some parts of the country, as expected, we believe the gable-top also for those consumers who are very environmentally-conscious as they should be. But I think that early signs, 2 or 3 months of the Tropicana carafe in the West Coast, we feel very good. And overall, because of the G&G and all the innovation platforms we've come up with on fruits and vegetables, the pipeline for Tropicana going into next year and beyond is looking very good. So this is a great franchise, a very strong, still has great revenues for the consumer. And we feel good about the prospects.
Indra Nooyi: Right now, we are working on compressible costs within the company, beyond G&A, it's all of the compressible costs in the company. And despite the single-structure changes, as they happen we'd be out there to talking to you guys. At this point, we are not looking at that. Let me just close by saying that as a company, we're all operating in a highly uncertain environment, especially in the developed markets. In this difficult macro and consumer environment, I believe our portfolio is being managed sensibly to deliver good short-term results, while continuing to invest in our future. And all 300,000 associates in PepsiCo remain extremely committed to the company and are excited about the prospects of the company in the short term and the long term. Thank you.
Eric Foss: Ali, just a couple of comments. First, let just me talk a little bit about our progress post the merger. I mean, if you think about our North America beverage business, really post the merger in 2010 and then through the first quarter of this year, we had really 4 straight quarters of volume top line and profit improvement. So if you look at second quarter, I think we were dealing with and the business was impacted by 3 extraordinary issues. One, unprecedented commodity inflation that Indra mentioned. Second, I think it's important to recognize that there was a prior-year value investment at the retail level that we were lapping that largely impacted second quarter and is now behind us. And then third, the competitive environment. So let me tell you what we feel good about, let me tell you what kind of core issues we need to address and kind of how we're trying to play the game going forward. I think first of all we feel good about the kind of our balanced approach to top line growth, which, on a year-to-date basis is up a couple of points, certainly in line with the category and our competitors. We continue to improve our share position. We continue to improve the health of our brands, which we stated was a must-do coming out of the merger. We continue to feel great about the synergy capture and our cost and productivity efforts, and we continue to sell service and execute very well at the point of sale. The issues we need to address are actually isolated, pretty simple to say but tougher to do and that is we have to price to cover COGS to make sure we have the right margin structure going forward, and we have to do that right now and balance that with a pretty difficult consumer and economic environment that you've heard Indra and Hugh refer to. So the game we're playing is as we go forward the second half, price to cover COGS. It's the prudent and right thing to do for the long-term health of the category in this business. Second, we're going to continue to make the incremental investments, particularly around strengthening our brand and building our core brands. And third, continue to maximize the potential of the merger and the synergy unlocks, including not just capturing cost synergies but revenue synergies like G2, DSD, Power of One, food service, et cetera. That's kind of what we feel good about, what we have to address and kind of the game we're playing going forward.
Eric Foss: Sure, Carlos. It's Eric. Let me make a couple of points on pricing. First of all, I think you've heard us talk before that as we approach anything, certainly 1.5-liter, our pricing approach starts and ends with the consumer. And I think if you think about our success on 1.5-liter, what we're really trying to do is to make sure there's an entry point for the consumer to enter the category at a great value. And we punched this 1.5-liter in June. We've had very strong execution. It's tied to meal deals, and the reality is if you look at any success metric, distribution, volume, share on 1.5 liter or share on a combined multi-serve basis, 1.5-liter and 2-liter, we are extremely happy with our success relative to the competitive entry on this package. So we feel very good about it and it's something that again as we look at taking pricing, I think you'll see the whole industry look to reconceptualize and re-architect the whole price/pack architecture. So I think you'll see more to come on that front.
Eric Foss: Sure. Let me give you some color commentary on the pricing topic. Again, Judy, the way we think about this is there is a balance here, so we are trying to get price appreciation. If you look at it, if you really look at our business, you can look at it in 2010, we had 2 points of pricing, Q1 another 2 points, Q2 another 2 points, first half 2 points. You've seen us really try to take a disciplined and balanced approach to the top line. You've seen our retails both on cans and 2 liter go up despite the fact that our competitors are down year-over-year. And again, right now, we feel good that we've descended and are growing our share position, and we have good mix management as well. So I think the core issue is largely on CSDs, cans and multi-serve pack.
Eric Foss: Beverages, Kaumil. our cold drink business was really driven and was slightly positive in the quarter really driven by 16 ounce CSDs, as well as Gatorade. So I think we've had 5 straight quarters of growth. We grew our cold drink share, and although we did see and are starting to see fuel prices impact the consumer from a traffic standpoint and indications in C&G.
