Indra Nooyi: Bryan, I'm going to provide some overall comments on Russia and then I'll transfer to Hugh to provide you more detail. Let me just say, our business in Russia is a good one. Both in Russia and Ukraine businesses are doing well. The climate there has been very friendly to business and we have great relationships with the government, the local retailers. So the business is a very good business. Clearly, the current geopolitical issues are impacting more the ruble and the Russian [indiscernible] as opposed to basic consumer demand, because they've devalued, input cost have gone up, and therefore consumer prices have had to go up. The consumer is extremely resilient in both countries at this point, so we have to watch and wait and see how things evolve. But those, as overall comment, let me just toss it to Hugh to give you some more color in details.
Indra Nooyi: I think at this point, I'd say we have been extremely disciplined in pricing across all parts of the LRB portfolio in all channels. Now and then we see some interesting pricing behavior in one retail channel or in one category, but as far as PepsiCo is concerned, John, we have, as we've communicated with you, decided to be extremely responsible and take pricing up both in carbs and non-carbs and that's what we've been doing in all channels. Going to the summer selling season, that's going to be our strategy going forward, I think especially in the category like CSDs, taking down pricing is not going to drive up demand too much. So I think we have to play the overall LRB portfolio very, very carefully and balance pricing between CSDs and non-carbs and figure out a way to grow the whole pie very, very carefully. That's what we are doing and that's what we hope to see in the marketplace going into the year, but we can only talk about ourselves.
Indra Nooyi: Judi, I mean the details on the volume decline in Mexico, things like that, we're not going to give you that level of detail, but overall I'll tell you, we've modeled out a trend that have elasticity. And interestingly, it's coming in exactly as we modeled out. But let's be careful here. It's only about three months into the year after the taxes have gone into effect and it's going to effect on multiple, multiple, multiple categories, but the Mexican consumer is trying to figure out how to rebalance their basket. So I think we're going to let this thing play out another month or two, because our first quarter was just two month, so let's wait and see how this plays out in the next three or four months. And I think we'll get a much better read as to what this taxation is going to do in Mexico and also what strategies we can deploy in terms of revenue management to really address price points for the consumer -- that would attract the consumer. So I'll tell you as an economy, Mexico remains robust and we still believe enormously in the Mexican economy. I think we have to give it time to allow this taxation to play through.
Indra Nooyi: I think it's hardly a couple of weeks since the launch, so let's wait and see. It's too early to call any results from that, because typically it takes about three to four months before you can get a first read. So let's wait and see how it evolves.
Indra Nooyi: I just think, our European business again, investments in brands, investments in stepped-up execution is all beginning to payoff. And our bottling partners are also performing very well. And I'd say across the board, pretty much in every country in Western Europe and parts of Eastern Europe, whether it's a company-own bottling operation or a franchise operation, first, our bottlers are healthy, which helps. And on top of that, they are executing exceeding well. And I think the portfolio plays in our favor too. Pepsi MAX, for example, is a wonderful, wonderful product and is doing very well in the U.K., in the Nordic countries. So the choice of the portfolio works. The fact that we have financially strong bottlers helps. And third, I think businesses like Tropicana doing exceedingly well in France and the U.K. So we have on target products, healthy bottlers and great execution, and together they're all beginning to work in Europe. So we're feeling good about the shape of the portfolio. And what I'd say is, what we can control, we're doing well. When it comes to geopolitics or macroeconomic turmoil, we try to navigate through it. But what we can control, we are doing a very job with it.
Indra Nooyi: And the productivity in Frito-Lay and North American beverages, it's across every part of the company. And as Hugh said, it's in G&A, it's literally corporate costs, everything. What we don't talk to is A&M and R&D. Those are the two that we've said are protected. We'll focus on ROI on those two investments, but we're not going to cut that to make the numbers.
Indra Nooyi: And in terms of succession, Mark, we start talking about CEO succession and all C-suite succession, the day after you appoint anybody into that job, because we have a very, very orderly succession process. The Board reviews it every other board meeting. We look at emergency succession, long-term succession. We have very deliberate talent development models within the company. And PepsiCo is known for that. We have an outstanding group of leaders within the company who can assume bigger and bigger jobs, but let me assure you at this point, I'm still on the Chair.
Indra Nooyi: I will take the beverage question and then Hugh you can take the question on the A&M and Frito-Lay. As I mentioned on my prepared remarks, Bonnie, I tell you, we had a very, very good first quarter in North American beverages. I think we had growth across the board in all parts of the portfolio. We gained or held value share in CSDs, sports drink, ready-to-drink tea, coffee. We grew retail sales in measured channels in the U.S. for regular cola's and Mountain Dew within CSDs. Gatorade, Lipton Tea, Starbucks Coffee, Naked Juice and non-carbs, this is one of those quarters, in spite of the fact that we had bad weather for some of the days of the first quarter, which caused some routes not to service accounts, this is the quarter where innovation stuck, our execution was terrific, and we just performed well. But let's also make sure we recognize that now for several quarters, we have held or gained value share in U.S. LRB in measured channels. So I think all the investments, the focus on execution, brand building in North American Beverages is beginning to payoff. We're feeling good about the prospects in this business.
Indra Nooyi: So let me just bring this to a close. Thank you all for your questions. In closing, I think we have taken the necessary steps to position ourselves for sustainable long-term growth. We're off to a good start in 2014 and we've done a good job navigating through an uncertain and volatile environment. And I believe the first quarter of 2014 is a good example of how well-constructive portfolio, appropriate investment and disciplined execution can drive high quality top and bottomline results. Our first quarter results give me confidence that our plans are working and that we are on track to deliver our financial goals in 2014. So let me thank you for your time this morning and for the confidence you've placed in us with your investment. Have a great day.
Hugh Johnston: For Russia in the first quarter, we had 10% revenue growth. Volume did grow across the businesses. You are calling out one of the questions that we wrestle with, which is the dairy inflation we faced in the business. The good news from that perspective is because we have such strong brands across the dairy category and as a leader there in many of those brands, we do have the ability to take pricing successful and that's where the consumer has been quite resilient against that pricing. So I would expect to see some level of volume growth and then we will continue to take pricing to cover the vast majority of our inflation in the country. And we expect that we're going to see continued profit growth coming out of Russia. And that's true across all of the businesses, snacks and beverages.
Hugh Johnston: A couple of things on that. Yes, you're right. The emerging or the international margins expanded probably more than you're going to consistently see across the board in the first quarter. The productivity programs are kicking into the place and obviously that's helping us. In addition to that, some of the new pricing that we putted in is helping as well, but Q1 was probably a bit better than what you would expect over the course of the year. The balancing act, of course, in developing and emerging markets as we have talked about before is one of how rapidly do you increase margins versus pricing a bit below your commodity inflation, in order to increase consumer adoption of our products and our categories, and also frankly to build competitive strength for ourselves through scaling and gaining market share across the businesses. I do think that by virtue of the scale gains, we will see natural margin accretion over time. To some degree, given the investments that we've made in brands, we can control how quickly we increase the margins in those businesses. But frankly, what we're trying to do is build great competitive fortresses around the rest of the world, in places like Brazil and places like Russia and in places like India and China, in order to frankly generate lots of long-term value for shareholders. So the strategy we're following is to capture sufficient short-term financial gains in those markets, yet at the same time build great fortresses like we have here in North America for the long haul, in both the snacks and the beverage business.
Hugh Johnston: Yes, Bill, you're right. This is Hugh. We had some timing on payments and a few timing items on inventory as well. Those are correct. In fact, they're already correcting through margin. And as we get to the full year, you will see the cash flow come in exactly as we expected. As you try to manage cash flow, managing on a quarterly basis our cash flow is a little bit trickier than earnings on a quarterly basis. You're going to see some more bumps and it will be a bit more inconsistent, but I would expect the cash flow to come in as we expected for the year. And working capital will improve strongly during the year.
Hugh Johnston: First, in order to understand all these numbers, it maybe helpful to give a bit of context on the overall environment they're operating within. The cost base that we're drawing productivity from is what we refer to is operating expense. What's important is what that excludes. That excludes A&M, that excludes any financing cost below the line, and tax and things like that, that also excludes commodity. So it's really kind of the operating expense of the company, including corporate expenses. So that's point number one. It's about $28 billion, $29 billion in terms of the overall size of that bucket. So when you're talking about $1 billion a year of productivity, you're talking about somewhere between 3.5% and 4% productivity out of that bucket. For a company that's a growth company, that's really quite strong productivity. We benchmark that against other companies that grow the revenues in mid single-digits and we do feel quite confident about that strong productivity. Now, to your question around where does it go? That question is really a margin question, which is a bit more complex. But let me share a few thoughts that may help you bottle it and also just give you a little bit of an understanding of how it works. Number one, based on our mix of countries, of course, there is operating expense inflation inside of those operating cost. The operating expense inflation inside of that bucket is also going to run in the 3% to 4% range depending on the particular year. Drivers of that obviously are labor increases. That bucket is about half labor cost, and obviously that's naturally inflationary. In addition to that as the business grows, it is somewhat volume variable. So you're going to get a better growth in those expenses based on volume increases as well. So that's a bit of an offset as you think about the margin flow-through. The second margin flow-through question is around geographic mix. Obviously, we're growing more quickly in developing and emerging markets. As Dara asked about earlier, margins in those markets are lower. The natural drag out of those markets is probably about 30 basis points per year. Now that's something that, if we were to take our prices more aggressively we could chose to mitigate, but frankly for shareholder value creation over a five-year timeframe, we think that's the wrong decision. So we're willing to live with that 30 basis point margin drag. And then the third piece is how we manage pricing in individual markets, is both an outcome of what our pricing strategy is vis-à-vis commodities, and in addition to that, what the competitive situation is in that particular market. So that tends to be a bit of a margin drag as well. So when you put all of those pieces together, I think what you can expect from us is, is that margin improvement overall of about 30 basis points or so per year. We ought to be able to do that on a reasonably consistent basis, and combined that with the mid single-digit revenue growth and below the line leverage, I think our long-term guidance have high single-digit is what you'd be thinking about. So hopefully that gives you some sense as to taking the productivity and mapping it all the way through to the guidance. If you'd like to spend more time on that, obviously, Jamie and the team can spend more time with you.
Hugh Johnston: Mark, from the perspective of TSR, I guess in terms of going beyond 2014, we haven't provided any specific guidance around share repurchase. We'll do that as we get into the next year. We've got a long history of share repurchase. We've been repurchasing our shares since 2001. So there is certainly a reasonable expectation that the share repurchase will continue to be relatively high. I don't want to get into 2015 guidance on share repo until we get closer to that timeframe. In terms of TSR, though, perhaps from a different perspective, I would think about it from the standpoint of our long-term guidance is high single-digit EPS. So let's take the midpoint of that over time, and call it 8%. That's probably a reasonable proxy for share price increase assuming the market holds relatively stable. Add to that, the dividend yield, right now that yield is, as I mentioned earlier, 3.1%. It's probably going to wind up hovering around the 3% range over time. So I would think of an 11 TSR is probably being a reasonable range to expect out of PepsiCo. We think with that combination of high-single digit EPS and a 3% or so yield, that's probably going to be near the top of the class in terms of TSR within the CPG space and within the F&B space. So that's the way I would think about it, more focusing on the TSR rather than the short-term cash return forecast.
Hugh Johnston: And Bonnie, I will talk about the advertising and marketing spending in Frito-Lay. Obviously, when we increase A&M across the company, a couple of years ago, Frito-Lay certainly got their share of that increase. And it's worked, is the great news. We've seen the brand equity score has increased. And we've seen our ability to price successfully increase because the brands are stronger. Regarding go-forward, what we've said is, we do not expect A&M as a percent of revenue to go down. So that will line in the centers, as Indra mentioned, regarding where we sit as a company. Beyond that, it really comes down to not a strategic move anymore. We need to increase A&M for the competitive reasons, because we think we're underspending. But frankly, we'll base it on the opportunities that we see in the demand spaces that we're working within and within the innovation ideas that we have. So you might see a growth faster than revenue in a year or two, because we have some great products that we're putting out there. You might see it, because we have a great combination idea of something we want to advertise between the beverage business and the snack food business, and we'll always take advantages of those opportunities when we have that kind of an insight. But there is no strategy to increase A&M faster than revenue with Frito-Lay. I would expect to see them grow basically in line. That's a big idea.
