Indra K. Nooyi: So the Tingyi deal was closed in the early part of second quarter. And through June, July and August, we went through the integration process. And starting sort of June, July, we started seeing the volumes pick up because the integration activities were completed. And in September, we actually saw the CSD volumes grow 15%. Now September is the first month in Q4, so it's not in the Q3 numbers. We haven't yet started to reap the benefits of the increased Tingyi manufacturing footprint because we haven't yet pulled the [indiscernible] lines in the new Tingyi plant. So the benefit you're seeing now is just the benefits from our own brand equity and our focus back on the business now that the integration activities are over. On the reported number, you saw volumes in AMEA up significantly, that's because some of the juice volume that we have transitioned to Tingyi and everything got rebranded as Tropicana, so you'll start seeing an acceleration of our noncarbonated beverage business starting Q4 and going into 2013. As we've mentioned before, the alliance between PepsiCo and Tingyi creates the largest beverage company in China with a 1.5 to 1.6 relative market share of -- versus the next largest competitor. Between us, we will basically cover the entire country and have over 70 plants between the 2 of us in China. So I think us going into 2013 and forward, this business is going to look very, very good.
Indra K. Nooyi: John, I'm just going to give you some overall comments and then toss it to Brian Cornell who's here. Frito-Lay, as we mentioned in the script, we're seeing sequential improvement in shares Q2, Q3, and in Q4 we're actually in the positive territory. So we feel very, very good about it. Second, we talked about the premium business, the value business and the mainstream business. The good news is in premium, we are now gaining share; mainstream, the share is stabilized and now getting into positive territory. And we want to make sure we crack the code on the value business in a responsible way without diluting anything we're doing in the mainstream business. We are focused on share. We do not intend to lose share on a consistent basis. We are the category, so we are looking at ways that we can keep the share progression and remain in the positive territory. So let me turn it to Brian to give you a little bit more color on Frito-Lay and also talk about the convenience trend.
Indra K. Nooyi: So Kaumil, I'm going to start with the last question you asked and then work my way backwards. First, there was nothing in Q3 that was a result of increased distribution because we haven't even begun to reap the benefits of the increased distribution that, as I said earlier, will come in the first quarter of 2013 and forward. So what you're seeing is just the strength of the brand and our innovation in China. That's the first observation. Second, both our snacks and beverage businesses are growing very nicely. The snacks business was always growing well. The beverage business, for a quarter or 2, went through its transition pains, but we're through with that and the business is back to growth. And so we feel good about China business overall. Being in partnership with Tingyi has really strengthened our franchise massively and given us instant access to the whole country. And once we've put the right manufacturing lines in Tingyi's plant, remember, we only had about 20 plants in China. Tingyi has got over 50 plants, so the combination gives us complete coverage of China. And so the combination when once we've put the [indiscernible] lines in Tingyi plants is going to give us a real boost in the coverage in China. Let's talk about the macros in China. I've been there 3 times this year, Kaumil, and I'm back in China next week. If you are on the ground in China, you don't really sense the slowdown. If GDP slows down from 9% or 10% to 7% to 8%, from a country's perspective, when you're trying to get more and more people out of unemployment into employment and then trying to address underemployment, it matters a lot. But from a consumer product perspective, especially on small ticket items, which are very basic food and beverage products, you don't really see the impact in our categories. And in every city that I've been in China, and I've crisscrossed the country, there is buoyancy, there is a certain optimism in the country. Of course, everybody would like the growth to go back to 9% or 10% in China, but at 7% -- 7.8%, I still think China is performing at the peak of its game versus all of the other countries in the region or in the world today. So macro is a bit slow but certainly not impacting our categories at this point.
Indra K. Nooyi: Judy, Hugh is going to take this question and then, Brian, you can chip in with any additional comments you might have.
Indra K. Nooyi: Ali, I believe that we are investing at the right amount in this business. What we talked about is stepping up our advertising from 5.2% to 5.7% this year and then we said over the next 3 years we're going to increase that steadily, okay? And at this point, we feel good about where we are. The other thing we're doing is advertising money that sat with our bottling partners, our joint venture partners. We're making sure that's also being deployed the right way and that's not even included in the 5.7% numbers. So I think, taken together, all the marketplace investment that we have in the marketplace today, the fact that we're shifting more nonworking media to media -- working media and that we are focusing our portfolio down to 12 muscular brands, I think all of that is really driving results for the business and we feel good about the progress. Now all of this is for naught if we don't back it up with good innovation. So our global groups are focused on innovation and not just rifle-shot innovation, more platform innovation and focusing on refresh, reframe and breakthrough. And I think this sort of a deliberate focus on innovation, deliberate focus on execution and brand building is beginning to yield results. And what we have to make sure is that we don't chase or we don't try to chase volume growth at all costs. I think historically the strategy has been for many people in this industry to go after volume growth at all costs. So bottled water was fair game, going after value snacks without regard to responsible portfolio management was sort of the right thing to do for the segment -- for the category. I think going forward, especially large companies like us, branded companies like us, we have to think through carefully which parts of the portfolio we actually add value. And that's why I think we're playing a much more focused, deliberate and differential game going forward.
Indra K. Nooyi: On energy drinks, I think the way we'd like to play the energy drinks is in a more responsible way, maybe I should use that word. We have some interesting launches that we have next year on the cards, which plays it in a way that is consistent with our product portfolio and consistent with where we think consumers want to go with energy. So I think that's the right strategy for energy and you'll see some of those launches coming to the marketplace next year. There's no question energy drinks took share from mainstream players. But I think that's not a strategy that any of the big companies could have deployed and been successful at. So we're going to take a more responsible and a disciplined approach in energy drinks going into next year. Let's talk about our thinking in North American beverages. What we told you earlier this year was that in North American beverages, we were going to execute -- improve our execution significantly. We would invest behind brand building. It was going to take a year or 18 months to start to see the results. And we are very steadily executing on the game plan that we outlined for you in the early part of February. Meanwhile, we also have seen some interesting results come out from our technology investments. And our hope is that by this time next year, we should start seeing the benefit of a lot of the technology bets we placed, whether it's natural sweeteners, enhancers, whatever that will allow us to go in and create real differentiation in our product portfolio, especially in carbonated soft drinks so that we can actually offer to the consumers in the 2014 and beyond a product portfolio that consumers love. They love bubbles, they love the caffeine, they love cola taste, but addresses any value that might exist in the areas of sugar in the portfolio or artificial sweeteners. So we are optimistic about the results of R&D investment and we are hopeful that towards the end of 2013, early 2014 and beyond, we can actually launch differentiated innovation in some of our core categories. So our North American beverage business, our reinvestment activities, our turnaround activities are all on track and we'll keep giving you updates every quarter. But believe me, we look at everything about this business and we look at improving the returns of the company on an ongoing basis.
Indra K. Nooyi: I think, overall, AMEA, our Middle East business is very strong. Great volume growth, revenue growth, margin growth, margin expansion, profit growth, no issues. I think markets like South Asia, you get tremendous volume growth, you get revenue growth, but we're also investing heavily because the market is growing 15%, 20%, so we have to put in tremendous investment to keep the growth going. And the good news is once the growth starts moderating and I hope it takes many years before it moderates, the business starts to yield very, very attractive return. But on the short term, we have to keep growing the business through investments, both P&L and on the balance sheet. And in China, absolutely once the Tingyi deal is up and running, which we hope will be going into 2014 and beyond, you should start seeing margins in the beverage business improve. But again, we want to reinvest that back in the snacks business and keep growing the overall portfolio. So basically, what we are focused on is PepsiCo as an overall portfolio. AMEA will always be a big growth engine. We will always keep investing in AMEA, and then the slower growth markets will be the source of investment for areas like AMEA. And so taken together, this portfolio should be able to deliver for PepsiCo along the lines that we talked about.
Indra K. Nooyi: We did talk about the fact that we are going to be measuring brand equity, especially of the 12 big brands that we outlined in our February meeting. And we're doing 2 things: We're looking at what we're doing in process and then we're looking at sort of tailpipe metrics. In process, we're looking to make sure that we are shifting more nonworking media to media -- to working media. And then we're also making sure we're investing more in the 12 brands and slowly start to cull the tail. So we are making progress on that and we track it almost on a monthly basis. From a tailpipe metric, it's brand equity. Now typically, brand equity scores take 12, 18 months to really show improvement, sustained improvement. Interestingly, as we shared with you in our Q2 scorecard, and we're going to show you again the next scorecard in Q4 as part of our Q4 call, we are beginning to see improvement across most of the brand portfolio. So the programs we have in place, the additional investment and the fact that we're doing a 360-degree activation, not just spending money on television advertising, but in the digital world, executing better, doing the right promotion. All of that, we're seeing as beginning to drive the brand equity scores into positive territory. Now let me make sure we all understand. Our brand equity scores for these 12 brands is already pretty high. And we wanted to make sure that we continue to hold it or increase it in an advertising environment that was extremely cluttered. And I think the efforts that we're undertaking we're already beginning to see some results, which is very, very comforting to see. And I think as the quarters go on, you'll see even more benefit and that will then translate to higher value share. And so we're watching this virtuous circle very, very carefully and making adjustments as we go along and it's happening both in beverages and snacks and our nutrition products and it's across all 12 brands. So with that, let me just say, in closing, Q3 marked good progress against a clear, focused plan. As we said earlier, our AMEA region had an excellent quarter across-the-board. Europe delivered solid results behind good pricing and marketplace execution. Americas Foods had good volume growth and net price realization. Share trends in Frito-Lay North America are encouraging. And North American beverages, we gained value share in carbonated beverages while executing a cleanup of unprofitable segments of our noncarbonated beverage portfolio. Our stepped up brand-building investments are beginning to pay off. Innovation performance is improving. We are executing in a disciplined way in the marketplace. We're on track to deliver our productivity commitment and on our cash returns to you, our shareholders. In short, we are executing with great focus to drive results and do what's right for the short-term, medium-term and long-term health of the business. So with that, let me just say thank you to all of you for joining us and for the confidence you've placed in us with your investment. Have a good day.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes. So, hey, Bill, why don't I start and then Al is here with me and he can add a bit as well. In terms of determining when volume growth is going to resume, again we're getting back to sort of decision -- division-specific guidance. It's a place that we really don't want to get into on a broad-scale basis. I do think that we look at the volumes, we look at our portfolio. As commodities normalize, we think the category is still overall LRB, probably has a little bit of growth in it. And in terms of our portfolio, there's no reason that we wouldn't be able to hold share in that environment. So a lot of the question of when is going to be driven by commodities and what happens there. But I do think that we think the category has got a little bit of volume growth in it and I think our portfolio positions us well to hold share within the category.
Hugh F. Johnston: I'd just add this, just a quick thing. Our overall Pepsi-Cola business, our overall beverage business, and our bottling system, our company-owned as well as our franchise bottling system, was actually right in line with Q2. And our CSD trends are actually better with an improved share. Now, the Gatorade business was the big drag on our non-carb business in Q3. Some of that we knew was going to happen because we were lapping a time when we put DSD Gatorade out on our route trucks in the drug and the dollar channels, so we ended up having to lap that business and we knew that would probably happen. But we also chose to not participate in some deep discounts that we had on Gatorade from a year ago. And while it was painful, this is a year we're trying to clean up that portfolio where we're not renting share and getting into promotions that we really can't sustain the volume. So right after the summer was over with, our Gatorade business has moved back to a growth territory. And the way we think about Gatorade right now is it can grow through 3 steps: one is what I call solid, hybrid EDV [ph] pricing where we're competitive, but we're reasonable on the shelf every day. The second thing is advertising that's effective. And I think if you look at this RG3 advertising that's being played out on a lot of the NFL shows and also on the baseball playoffs, that's the kind of advertising that works for Gatorade. We're getting very good consumer response from it. And then finally, product news. And these new Chews are doing a terrific job, but they're small. We have plans next year for improved product news on the base Gatorade business that I think will add some growth. So all in all, it was a short-term blip for Gatorade and I expect that, that business will be solid for the balance of the year.
Hugh F. Johnston: Yes, Mark, this is Hugh. The numbers on sparkling and on noncarbs, sparkling was down 2, but as we talked about, we do have a timing difference in terms of the quarter. And in terms of the impact on that, when you work your way through that timing difference, the down 2 is closer to flat once you sort of take out that trading day piece. So we think on carbonated, we were basically in line with primary competition. Noncarbonated was down 7, which was obviously much -- a much deeper number. And the reasons were exactly the ones that Indra shared earlier: number one, we made some changes in terms of some unprofitable juice drink businesses that we had; number two was there were some pretty aggressive case-packed water deals out there that we chose not to participate in; and then number three was the Gatorade issue that we've been talking about. Going forward, the Gatorade issue is behind us. As Al has referenced, we're back to growth in the fourth quarter. In terms of the unprofitable juice, I think we're largely past that now at this point. That overlap is also largely behind us. Case-packed water, as Indra mentioned, our stance is going to be consistent on that. We're not interested in chasing unprofitable case-packed water deals. So given all of that, we'd certainly expect to see the noncarb numbers pick up on a go-forward basis and that's how we're thinking about it.
Hugh F. Johnston: And that'll benefit, we believe, pricing flow-through within the PepsiCo P&L. We think it's the right strategy.
Hugh F. Johnston: And Indra, if I can add one more comment to that. Just going back to the energy drink question, I want to take one thing off the table very explicitly. We do not have the strategy or an intention to deploy significant M&A capital into the energy drink category. So I want to make sure we're crystal clear on that so that it's well understood by all.
Hugh F. Johnston: We'll talk about 2013 specifically in February. We've given long-term guidance to give you an indication as to how you should model out multiple years. But with the world as volatile as it is, we think just as a practice the right answer is to give guidance in February as we do our Q4 call. So no indications, positive, negative or otherwise, in terms of 2013. We'll get to that in the course of a couple of months.
