Thomas A. Fanning: Thanks, Art. As our business environment evolves, Southern Company remains the same, and enterprise that succeed by excelling at the fundamental and relying on the knowledge, skills, and dedications of our people. As always, we continue to focus on the long-term with customers at the center of everything we do. It enables us to deliver excellent value drivers, including our commitments, just relating financial integrity, regular, predictable, sustainable growth in earnings per share and likewise dependable dividend to growth. We are now ready to take your questions. So operator, we’ll now take the first question.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes,sir.Greg Gordon – International Strategy & Investment Group LLC: Okay. Thank you very much, guys.
Thomas A. Fanning: Perfect. That's it.Greg Gordon – International Strategy & Investment Group LLC: Got it. Thank you, guys.
Thomas A. Fanning: Thank you. Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Michael Lapides, Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, there is two factors that I think people recognize. When you consider the effectiveness of the VCM process that is essentially a process whereby the Commission evaluates and reviews and approves six months' worth of construction on some lagged basis, it's typically lagged six months. So in essence, right now in front of the Commission, our cost related to July 2012 to December of 2012. We will hear their decision in October. This is the eighth time we've been through the Vogtle Construction Monitor process. We think it's working exceedingly well. They have an independent monitor, Dr. Bill Jacobs and that process is going exceedingly smoothly and we feel like that process is essentially developed the standards where you to layer on top of that, another process to recertify the plant. So what we've decided and what we've stipulated to, shall we say, is eliminate the need to recertify. Just let the VCM processes work, so there will be VCM 8, 9, 10 and so on, until the conclusion of the project. We feel like that accomplishes the same thing in terms of evaluating costs. 
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, and here again, I’m just going to pick a little bit. I wouldn't call those cost overruns. I know there are increases in cost, but remember the math here, originally we were at 12% associated with the capital cost of Vogtle 3 and 4, now we think we are between 6% and 8%. The remaining annual price increases that we expect to complete Vogtle 3 and 4 less than 1% a year. The $381 million largely increases in cost that are associated with changing the schedule as we have are largely, not exclusively, but largely associated with our own required oversite cost. Recall that the brick and mortar cost of Vogtle 3 and 4 over this period has only increased 0.5%. So we think all of these things work exceptionally well. And any of this increase to $381 million will not cause an increase in rates to customers. So we think that VCM process is going to handle this exceptionally well and we don't really need to go through the recertification that was originally contemplated.Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Great. Secondly, just to clarify, as you walk through the math on the equity issuance that you now factored into your plan and the $0.06 of dilution through 2015. So when we factored than in, does that still keep you on that 4% to 6% EPS growth rate or does everything ratchet down by that $0.06 is the way we should be thinking about this
Thomas A. Fanning: Let me split that into two answers. Is it attractive to Mississippi's customers as we honor the regulatory settlement that we reach, it has the economics of a nuclear plant; relatively high capital cost, very cheap energy. It's exceedingly attractive in that respect. Is it attractive to Southern shareholders? No. We are taking a hit here. We understand that nobody here is happy about that, but that's the honest truth. Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thank you.
Thomas A. Fanning: Paul, good afternoon.Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Most of my questions have been answered. Are you reaffirming guidance? I wasn’t quite clear.
Thomas A. Fanning: We typically don't do that. We give guidance once a year and then we give estimates every quarter, but if you're asking are we confident for the year, yeah, we are.Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, thanks. I’ll (inaudible).
Thomas A. Fanning: I think we are conservative. So I think it is a conservative estimate.Steve Fleishman – Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay. And then I apologize just on clarifying the Georgia stipulation.
Thomas A. Fanning: I don’t know what you’re talking about.Steve Fleishman – Wolfe Trahan & Co.: From the independent monitor, sorry.
Thomas A. Fanning: Hey, Jonathan, it may have been normal in New York, it’s been awful here.Jonathan P. Arnold – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, it got a little warmer kind of at the end of July. But today again, it’s cloud cover and rain.Jonathan P. Arnold – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay.
Thomas A. Fanning: So we will see. I think let me just give you a little more line, we would like to do that. What is normal weather? How much of that we had? I’m looking at Art right now.
Thomas A. Fanning: I know you said it was the seventh weather quarter for Alabama and Georgia, it was the second weather quarter for Georgia in the past 50 years. This is just extraordinary what we’re living through right now.Jonathan P. Arnold – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks for all the color, Tom.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, look, I think the major milestones that we pointed out in the fourth quarter will be CA20, it’s kind of the major critical path for us, and then of course, flooring the basemat in Unit 4. So those are the two big ones. We have seen an improvement. we’ve noted and if you read the Independent Monitors’ report that has been an area of concern for some time is getting material out of the manufacturing facility in the Louisiana. My sense is now that the material is being manufactured. it’s really now focused on getting nuclear quality documentation related to the material that is being delivered. That’s what we’re working on now. We’ve sent our own people to the site. That process is improving, and recall too that Chicago Bridge & Iron’s acquisition of Shaw, we think it is a big plus to improving that situation.
Thomas A. Fanning: And that’s what we thought it was kind of instructive to give you the year-by-year effect that we’re seeing right now. Of course, you could see some variance there.
Thomas A. Fanning: So I’ll take the political situation in GHG. I’ll let you take the rest of the stuff if you want to, how about that? So it’s pretty clear I think that there is a succession of move increased regulation around carbon intensive energy forms. and the latest I think is greenhouse gases, the President came out and made an important speech in our view about that. Here is kind of our beliefs on that. Number one, nothing that President said to us was terribly surprising; I think we wait to see how the details emerge, so that will be key. our sense is consistent with what I think general beliefs are, and it’s what we’ve suggested in other calls, that probably the end of the summer sometime, they will come out with some standard for new sources, and probably 2014 will be existing sources. Recall there are important considerations that will need to be made in order to understand the aggregate effect of everything going on in EPA in terms of regulations, because you just had this big math rule that caused certain companies to spend billions of dollars. now it impacted us more in terms of shifting away from coal and shutting down some coal plants and converted some coal plants. We already had our scrubbers and SCR is pretty much in place. The other thing that’s just interesting to know, I mean think about Southern’s position relative to almost anybody else in the industry. When you think about new sources and exposure to carbon intensity, we’re leading the renaissance of nuclear in America, no carbon. We are going to get done successfully with Kemper County that has a carbon footprint equivalent to or less than natural gas. So that’s positive. We’ve made a huge shift away from coal to gas to where we used to be 70% energy from coal, now we’re 45% with gas. we’re the third largest consumer of natural gas in United States. We have extended our reach either through ownership or through contracts with now about 1,200 megawatts in about the last 12 months in terms of renewable, that’s for procuring wind energy and either procuring solar, or owning solar. When you consider that plus what we’ve already been doing in terms of energy efficiency. It’s easy for me to say that it would be hard to find somebody that’s doing more in terms of kind of handling the GHG issue in a very practical – both tactical and strategic way. Finally, we continue to be the only company in our industry, invested in proprietary robust research and development. We continue to work on new ideas. We continue to promote energy innovation. and I think that will be a keystone of ours going forward. In terms of things away from carbon, I’ll let Art comment on that.
Thomas A. Fanning: Here is the other way to answer that. We look at everything all the time and we will look at the deal co, concept. I am not sure unlocking value with Southern Power serves our long-term interest. We used the other word here that in the world of finance there is lots of tricks and no magic. We really like the way our pieces fit together now. If it ever does make sense and provide sustaining value increase rather than instant gratification we will do that. But we remain committed to a long-term prompter on those issues. Dan L. Eggers – Credit Suisse Securities LLC:  Very good. Thank you, guys.
Thomas A. Fanning: So, let me just first say and we said this in I think, we said a little bit in the script, we said it in our first question. Look, we think the ROIC that Alabama enjoys is appropriate and serves our customers’ long-term interest, and in fact when you consider the equity ratio, the debt ratio, the embedded cost of capital, Alabama is reasonable and fair. Number one, let's not get ahead of what the commission wants to do, but that's our position. In terms of when the commission will rule, it’s just going to be in the months ahead. We don't think it's going to be six months, but I think it will be in the next quarter or so.
Thomas A. Fanning: That's our understanding. But you remember Mobile and Alabama are completely different, they have a much thicker equity ratio than Alabama does. I would hesitate to draw parallel between one company and another. The other thing that would be fun to work at is if you could get a view of the webcast or whatever of – any of the proceedings. Alabama enjoys a lot of support by its customers. I think Alabama demonstrated successfully their side of the art.
Thomas A. Fanning: (inaudible).Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates, LLC: First of all, if the Kemper schedule for coming online slips past to 2014 spring deadline, what happens to the deal we subsidy? Is there any risk there or…
Thomas A. Fanning: Not the deal DOE stuff, I'm sorry. So, the $133 million investment tax credit is what you would lose, I'm sorry I thought you were referring toPaul Patterson – Glenrock Associates, LLC:  Okay 
Thomas A. Fanning: It's not the deal we're funding…Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates, LLC: The deal we're funding with refine money.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah Paul, I think it's really kind of a timing issue. You are going to evaluate all the cost along the way whether you do one or the up. If you force recertification now, the commission could do a lot of different things with the new cost, otherwise they're going to cover those same costs through the DCM process.Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates, LLC:  So just duplicate really is recertification.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, yeah, I think, I would say what I said before, I appreciate you asking again. The most dominant thing is what's going to happen with Georgia. The second most dominant thing is what’s going to happen with Georgia. The second most dominant thing is what’s going to happen with Alabama. I think we’ve separated out the effects of Kemper, $0.015 this year, $0.025 independent, $0.04 in the aggregate next year, et cetera. I mean, we’ve been through that. So my view is, I’m just a little reluctant. I guess, what I’m saying is our 4% to 6% remains until I see a reason to change it, and I’m not going to change it until I see what happens with these regulatory calendar that we have in front of us in 2013.Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates, LLC: Okay, I appreciate it.
Thomas A. Fanning: We’ll stick to our guns on that. We will give you new estimates in January.Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates, LLC: Okay, I appreciate it. Thanks a lot guys.
Thomas A. Fanning: The only thing we didn’t talk about I was just interested, I think I want to throw out that we received some positive momentum certainly since we have Secretary Moniz assume his position with respect to loan guarantees. Our view is that, we had a renewed sense of urgency. I can’t tell you that we’re more likely to get it or not, but I can tell you that the temperature has been turned up on the parties in seeking to achieve resolution on that negotiation. We didn’t talk about that. I probably ought to throw that out there. That is another important factor that’s positive for Vogtle. Anyway look, we’re continuing to work hard. We hate the fact here, we had another increase on Kemper. We’re continuing to work to make sure that that covers everything that we know. It is our best estimate. We’re going to work hard to bring that thing in now on time with the new numbers. We appreciate you following us and we’re going to work hard on your behalf. Thank you very much.
Art P. Beattie: Yeah, Greg, we kind of looked at the sensitivities around that. Of course, weather in the first half was less than what we expected to be and we flexed around O&M to offset some of that. As we look at the end of the year, if I were to assume that we would get no loan growth through the remainder of this year. The O&M flex is actually less than what the O&M flex would be last year in terms of our ability to move around that.
Art P. Beattie: Well, we just closed the deal early, I guess, in the first quarter on Campo Verde, and the amount of total investment there is about $450 million. So there will be some equity allocated to that. But the rest are still placeholders, and we're actively working on other projects, but we are not in a position to make any statements at this time.
Art P. Beattie: So, recall, Shaw was purchased by Chicago Bridge & Iron, and the dispute really goes to the consortium, which is Westinghouse, Chicago Bridge & Iron, and the leader of consortium is Toshiba, okay. I can't give you much of an update except to say this, we could settle that shortly or it could get into a prolonged mode and go to litigation, in which case, it would just be whenever the litigation is concluded; might take some time. I will say that we think that the acquisition of Shaw by Chicago Bridge & Iron was positive in terms of our ability to negotiate and resolve that dispute. But in terms of giving you any further clarity as to amounts or timing, we're really not in a position to do that. I'll say one more thing. The decision by the Georgia – the situation essentially the breach of the (inaudible) and we think there's soon to be approval of the Georgia Public Service Commission with respect of eliminating the need for the recertification process. They recognized as one of the important factors as they don't want to get issues like that in front of our ability to negotiate successfully with the consortium. All of this, I think is constructive.Angie Storozynski – Macquarie Capital Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Art P. Beattie: Yeah, I think that's – Steve, this is Art, I think that's fair. I think if you go back to where we were, the way we think about, we kind of wipe out zero to $300 million now. We're taking into account the needs for equity capital at Mississippi and possible equity capital needed for Southern Power and that's what the new numbers represent.
Art P. Beattie: Yeah, there are some placeholders out there that we are providing for but it is also a supply thing. When you go out and raise equity capital, you can't just turn it off. So…Steve Fleishman – Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Right
Art P. Beattie: Yeah, Jonathan, if you go back and look at above normal weather in the last 22 months, we’ve had three months out of those 22 that were above normal.
Art P. Beattie: Yeah. And again, I think we mentioned that it’s resolving Southern’s equity ratio back to a point before we began with the write-offs associated with the plant, that would be 43.5%, 44% and getting Mississippi by that same timeframe back to close to their 50%, which is contemplated in their seven or eight plant. So there maybe some intermittent that and downloading, but we’re not going to fund the cash to Mississippi until they needed to do the construction additions that we’d outline.
Art P. Beattie: Yeah, Anthony, on the question about where does Alabama go and what kind of arrangement, does it become more formal or does it become some kind of agreement. It's really hard to say at this point, but I would imagine that it would be some kind of consent agreement that both the commission and the company would sign on to, but again that's a function of whatever the outcome of the commission's recommendation would be.Anthony C. Crowdell – Jefferies LLC: Great. Thank you for your time, guys.
Art P. Beattie: You bet. Thank you. Operator Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mark Barnett with Morningstar Equity Research. Please proceed with your question.
Art P. Beattie: Yeah, Mark, we kind of look at that as well, we were up in the first quarter on a weather normal basis. We're down in the second quarter on a weather normal basis. And as we look back over the last six or seven quarters, commercial has been very volatile, so it's kind of hard to get a pattern of growth. But as we think about it in the second quarter anyway, the lot of rainfall certainly has an effect on temperatures, certainly has an effect on usage from that perspective, but we think it also impacts recreational activity, which reflects a lot of usage in the summer time going to the beach in the rain or going to amusement park, what have you. These are just kind of examples and we try to cite to ourselves, but it’s again, it’s a contrary to us as well.
Art P. Beattie: Yeah, Mark. I guess the biggest item we’re dealing with right now would be the new affluent guidelines that were published in the proposed rules that were published in June. Our comments are due in September, I think they outlined eight different options with four preferred. we’re evaluating a lot of data around these and we will be involved in commenting on the rules by that September date. Don’t really have a good feel in terms of cost related to that at this point. The other rule as you’re probably aware, coal ash the final rule timing is still uncertain, but it might not be until next year. That’s certainly the biggest element in terms of cost for us. and then of course, 316(b), those rules were postponed from April till November. and we’ll get a better chance to see what that final rule looks like as well. But the biggest element of the three of those is probably the ash rule, and there is a number of other things going on as well, but I’ll stop at that point.Mark Barnett – Morningstar Equity Research:  All right. Thanks a lot guys.
Art P. Beattie: When you think about Southern Power and the long-term contracted business that it already has it is such a well good match to our regulated model. It really doesn't differentiate it like it would for say, NRG and provide them with that benefit. Southern Company is already a deal co, in a way I think but…
Art P. Beattie: Yeah, Paul, we look at that all the time. Our marketing research, load research folks are constantly evaluating. We've had some extreme weather in both 2012 and 2013. And so when you get to weather normalization, it begins it gets a little more fuzzy on the margins than it does when you got more normal weather. So there’s lots of issues here that could influence your actual results. Again, the long-term, we kind of use that more long-term than we do short term. But sometimes those things will move on either side of it. Just in the period of strange weather and slower than expected economic growth.
Art P. Beattie: I’m sorry, Michael, I forgot. The way we think about it is there will still be communications with the commission about total costs. And we’ll still file those projections with them, but the actual approval will come in each of the six-month processes as Tom has described.
