Thomas A. Fanning: Thanks, Art. As evidenced by our discussion today, the third quarter of 2015 was indeed a remarkable quarter. However, I would be remiss not to mention that the most significant measure of our performance is always customer satisfaction. With that in mind, I am pleased to report that our four traditional franchise utilities have once again ranked in the top quartile for customer satisfaction for the 14th consecutive year in our annual Customer Value Benchmark survey. Among three national peer utilities, I mean, Alabama Power, Gulf Power and Georgia Power are the only utilities to rank in the top quartile for all three customer classes: residential, general business and large business. As always, it is our customer-focused business model with its emphasis on outstanding reliability, best-in-class customer service and rates below the national average that remain the cornerstone of our business and a key driver of long-term value to Southern Company's shareholders. We are now ready to take your questions. Operator, we'll now take the first question.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. Anthony, it really goes to kind of people's assessment after the technology risk. This is a first-of-a-kind technology. And if I had to kind of segment the four big tests we've been going through, the first one I think was a test of, I'm going to call it, the structural integrity when we pressurize the whole facility. The second test really went to first fire of the boiler. The third test is this fluidization test. The fourth test will be essentially turning lignite into syngas. And when I think about that, the most important of these tests I think from a technical standpoint was this fluidization test. Recall that scale-up from Wilsonville to Plant Ratcliffe at Kemper County is about 100-to-1; and I think different people saw our ability to do that differently. In fact, I know there were some people that were very dubious of our ability to achieve that kind of performance with scale-up. Just as serendipity would have it, I was at the plant walking the plant site and in the control room on the day that we passed the first test. It started at midnight and went through – and actually it's still going through right now. But I can tell you once we hit the fluidization process, it was amazingly stable. Even in, say, the first eight hours of the test it was amazingly stable. Obviously, there's always little fine-tunings; and that's one of the things that they're working on through the balance of the fluidization test for Unit A. But I would just say that outsiders looking at this technical process would have put a lot more risk associated with that. The fact that – look, I should say this, we expect it to be successful; we didn't expect it to be as good as it went. So we're very happy with it.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. So, Dan, if you think about what gave rise to the commercial disputes and the litigation, the original agreement resulted in disputes that arose from field interpretations of a broad range of NRC regulatory requirements. In other words, the contract said, you've got to do it if the NRC regulator requires you to do it; they would dispute a field interpretation of a requirement, Dan. The revision in the language, which is much tighter, says that going forward only new regulations or guidance documents, so these are actual pieces of paper, that are officially issued and acknowledged by the NRC as changes to the agency's previous positions will be considered owner's responsibility, is a very much narrower definition as to what's eligible for a change order. That's a really big deal.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. Oh my gosh! I think we're in so much of a better shape. Dan, you could phrase the question that way or you could phrase the question about CBI and the all the concerns there. Basically, we put Westinghouse right in the front seat. And you may recall from the issues you raised about Toshiba, Westinghouse has taken its accounting charges, I think, around 2013, somewhere around that timeframe. And they were not subject to their business, Westinghouse's business was not subject to a lot of the concerns that Toshiba entered into in its accounting problems. So Westinghouse itself did the hard work earlier in time. They are not impacted directly. And we think that going forward the balance of risk is much improved for the project, for Westinghouse to take the prime contractor role and not have to deal with kind of a codependent control with CBI. We're much better off.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes. We have all the labor we need on-site; and let's be very clear that labor now transfers from CBI to Westinghouse largely, for the most part. And we believe while whatever you say about kind of on the schedule dates, we think we're about two months kind of ahead on a schedule basis, at least than they are. We believe we've got plenty of personnel. You may have also seen that Westinghouse has entered into some conversations with Fluor about augmenting personnel at the sites. So we feel great about where we are there.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. Every project's a little different. We've kind of been over this in calls in the past. We use the same methodology that we used in the past. In other words, we use a hurdle rate that looks like a yield curve. And the shape of the yield curve or the requirement, where you are on the yield curve is based on a variety of factors, including the term of the contract, any of the project specific risks, things like that. In general, what we have kind of said is that the ROE, the book ROE of Southern Power, is expected to exceed kind of our regulated book ROE by some amount. And, again, it depends. The longer term contracts will resemble a utility return. If, in fact, there are greater risks in a utility project, then we can see 150 basis points higher. That would be the general range that I would be looking for.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. We think that corporate financing is much more effective, more flexible, cheaper than project financing.
Thomas A. Fanning: Excuse me, Steve, one more thing, just to be clear. When we look at these things, they're all on an IRR and cash basis. You asked the book return, but same thing.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. For an unlevered IRR, it would be 6% to 7%, depending on what – it would be just identical. Just like I said, either identical to or slightly higher than what we would be out of the core utility business.
Thomas A. Fanning: We're getting the number now. But we're assuming in everything we're looking at that the 30% ITC goes away in 2017. So it's just 2015 and 2016 left. Frankly, our relationship that we've developed with the people like First Solar and others, our ability to execute quickly, our tax appetite have all given us, I think, this kind of flow of deal our way.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. It's operating companies performing as we thought they would, plus what we know is going to happen with Southern Power. If you look at our past three, four quarters, it's about $0.43 a share; somewhere around there.
Thomas A. Fanning: Maybe if you just look at our past three years' performance of earnings per share, in 2012 through 2014 we went $0.44, $0.48, $0.38. We feel very confident about our ability to hit our numbers.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, by taking the contingency for the next three months, we're suggesting that the probable outcome is not to make that, but we'll only...
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. It's actually bigger than $900 million-plus. If you think about it, our share, if you kind of gross up our share in disclosures, the current litigation was around $1.5 billion, something like that. Now that's total. And then what we also – that was for the first kind of 21 months of delays. Recall also we're wiping away potential extension of current litigation for the next 18 months that would carry us through to in-service dates in the middle of 2019 and 2020. And we also tightened up, recall, Westinghouse taking over for CBI; plus we tightened up in a very significant way the ability for the contractor to provide change orders that would be agreed upon.
Thomas A. Fanning: And I've got to tell you, like I said, I was walking around the plant, I was in the control room, met with plant management later that day. The general belief is we're going to be able to manipulate lignite a lot easier than sand. Sand is a denser material. They all felt that if we could pass this test the way we were doing, they really felt they're going to be able to handle the lignite pretty well. So they're feeling good.
Thomas A. Fanning: But we've guided installment payments on this last $114 million such that fuel load now becomes the kind of operative target in the contract. In 100% dollars, $35 million is tied to fuel load on year-end 2018 and $35 million is tied to fuel load on December of 2019. And to the extent they miss, I think it's about $10 million a month – something like that – that, that number would be reduced. So not only is this third $114 million staged to milestones over time, it also is heavily weighted as an incentive to hit fuel load when we said it would. Now here's my other editorial comment. You remember when the consortium changed their schedule. There was a lot going on behind the scenes and you heard kind of the probable angst in our voice about that these problems are being driven not really by the performance of the project, but by arguments and disputes among the training contractors. It was our belief that they gave us a schedule that they can improve on. We believe, given what everybody has agreed to here, that they're going to be able to hit this schedule.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, there would be $10 million reductions in the incentive payments, there would be liquidated damages.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, it's less. You know what, Ali, I mean not to kind of wear the Fed thing out, but we're seeing the same things the Fed is seeing, especially when you look at kind of the leading and the lagging nature of these indicators. Industrial sales are a leading indicator; commercial sales are typically your lagging indicator. Well, it looks as if the leading indicator is slowing and the lagging indicator is what's really carrying the day. So that's kind of interesting. I think the Fed is wrestling – and Art went through a litany of kind of the data. I think the Fed is wrestling with those same things. If they now begin liftoff and communicate a trajectory, what does that say about the confidence of the continued recovery, given all the exogenous factors like malaise in Europe, event risk, Russia, Middle East, lack of transparency in China. These are the things we're all wrestling with. The good news, as Art said, is kind of Atlanta, for example. Top five in the United States in job creation and in in-migration. In fact, we were fourth in job creation, I think, only to Houston, Dallas and Phoenix.
Thomas A. Fanning: So that's all good stuff. If you look at our economic development pipeline, 15,600 jobs announced – 12,000.
Thomas A. Fanning: Not only energy efficiency, but also this kind of – we think here again, a secular shift away from single-family housing to multi-family housing. And that's really driven by just kind of new tougher credit guidelines, as well as it may be with the millennials, they like being flexible and living in apartments, rather than undertaking big fixed investments like owning a house. So we want to see how that shakes out, too.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. We're going to relook that and we'll update you on that on the next quarter's call when we look at the full-year 2016 through 2019.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, man. So it was fascinating when you kind of break down where we were into 2015. We knew just because they have contracts in place, they were kind of below $150 million in net income; and then we gave them kind of a stretch target to hit that would get them up to about $180 million. So when we thought about developing the financial plan, we kind of had a number in there of about $180 million. And with everything we know now, we're going to be over $200 million, more likely $210 million. And so, we'll see. So we've done better. My sense is we're going to see similar performance, even though we haven't set all these numbers yet. I'm just telling you what I think. I think we're going to see similar performance next year.
Thomas A. Fanning: You bet. Well, this is kind of fun to think about. Because we've been very public, and I hope you guys give us credit for this. We're very transparent on how we see growth rates and everything else. And when we tell you what we believe about growth, it's because we can see it with reasonable kind of stretch targets, we think we can do what we say we're going to do. When we reduced our growth rate to 3% to 4%, it was because of all of these factors; and we were very transparent in telling you about – I think the funny word I used was divot in 2017. That would be represented by the loss of 30% investment tax credit and, likely, fewer projects for solar in that and maybe wind helps fill that in. And then we said that we would resume a growth rate that would be more attractive once we saw more environmental spending at the end of the decade and into the 2020's, as well as the response to the clean power plant. And then we did the AGL merger. So let's think about the slugs of kind of EPS growth. 2015 and 2016, you're seeing Southern Power outperform our internal targets; and so you're seeing growth there. From 2017, 2018, 2019, because AGL has very predictable and transparent earning streams resulting from safety-related pipeline replacement programs that are under rate riders. We already know Georgia, Illinois, potentially other states. We can see, and I think we suggested that you would see something like $0.10 a share or so in the 2017, 2018, 2019 timeframe, okay? So we bump up there on top of whatever Southern Power can produce. And then some of those projects continue into the 2020's. And then you see in the 2020s now, I think now you have time to get to the ramifications of environmental spending, plus new generation required by the clean power plant. So not only will that be more renewable, it will be more combined cycle, probably displacing coal, as well as more combustion turbines needed to respond to the intermittency of greater penetrating renewable resources. So if you look at it, the first slug is going to be Southern Power, the second slug will be Southern Power plus AGL, the third slug will be Southern Power, AGL, plus clean power plant and environmental spending. And so, I think we'll give you more guidance about our growth rate in January. Suffice to say, we did say that our new kind of longer term trajectory, assuming we close AGL, will be in the 4% to 5% range.
Thomas A. Fanning: We think that we might or might not. We've added three months of reserve contingency to be conservative to say that we might not make March 31; it might be as late as June 30. So that's the financial charge we made. Obviously, we've got to hit the date in April in order to get the ITC. If we don't and it has a cash impact, its book impact is about $3 million a year, somewhere like that. And we could supplant it with other available tax credits that we're seeking to get from the IRS due to the nature of the plant.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, so what will be going there, you're going to get really good indication on reliable syngas to turbines, okay? So that's a big deal. The other things that you're going to get will just need to be tested along that timeframe, will be acid gas removal. So let's think about this for a minute. Recall that we're going to take the syngas, we're going to take out 65% of the CO2 and we are going to also take out sulfuric acid and also ammonia. All of those by-products have value and that goes into the total value premise to the Mississippi's customers. And recall also that while we'll do first syngas to turbine around the end of the year sometime, in order to get CoD; we want to have both trains operational, both trains checked out. I will – just a new piece of – not a new, I guess (55:51) also, but we tested out the flushing of the systems of the acid gas removal systems, and actually we provided for three complete tests of that and we did it in two. And I want to say that the benefit of doing it in two was a three-week benefit. It was something like that. That also went exceedingly well. Look, I know we're taking a long time and I know we're taking some pain for taking the right amount of time, but what you're getting out of Kemper and you've seen it already is that what we have built and tested is working beautifully. The combined cycle is working as good as any combined cycle in the United States. And these major systems of the gasifier are working well. So I know we've all, me particularly, have had to have patience here, but I think we're taking the right approach.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. And let's review the bidding there. You remember it correctly. What we were tying that to that was an estimate based on, I think, $50 oil, because that's how we price the CO2. It's basically on index. And we have to take or pay contracts in that regard. I've kind of wiped away the variability around ammonia and sulfuric acid. So that's kind of correct. The other thing that's really interesting that we're building the capability to do, we've alluded to it in the comments this afternoon, but is a quick switching capability between syngas and natural gas. That should help our reliability characteristics in meeting plant performance criteria. So we're going to be able to deliver to Mississippi's customers, attractive economic natural gas, electricity, whatever the fuel markets deliver to us.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes, you bet. Listen, we've met with regulators both in Illinois, New Jersey, other places. Recall, we have a real ace in the hole here, and that is our Chief Counsel's Jim Carr. Jim Carr used to be a commissioner on a North Carolina commission. He was also President of NARUC. And I can tell you with personal observation, when you walk in a room with Jim Carr to the New Jersey Commission or the Illinois Commission and he knows the people and they know him and he already has trust and, if you will, brand equity. It is a tremendous kind of benefit to have. The other thing that I don't want to underestimate, when we entered into the merger with AGL, they run a heck of a business in the jurisdictions in which they serve. I can tell you, personally, talking to the Chairman of the Illinois Commission and all the other commissioners there, it was very clear that AGL, when they bought Nicor, made several promises about how they would operate that business, and they have followed through, and even more so, on every promise they've made. So they have great credibility. Given kind of our reputation, our customer satisfaction criteria, our embracing of an integrated, regulated business, our customer focused business model, when you look at our data, number one in the United States, we are getting very constructive responses to everything that we've done so far.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. It's a fascinating question. Every one of our companies, right now, has a solar program in place. And you want to know something that's even more interesting? I've been a critic of renewable portfolio standards. All of our companies have entered into these agreements without the hammer of a renewable portfolio requirement. You may know also that we've had a longstanding, outstanding relationship with the DoD. And it occurred to us that the DoD, nationally, and this is why we've tried to strike this relationship, that they have had kind of a renewables requirement on their own and a severability requirement on their own, and we have worked to play offense with these folks to provide them real solutions not only to meet these requirements, but to give them more sustainable operation from a base standpoint going forward. So all of that has worked exceptionally well. It is clear to me that as the clean power plan goes forward, you're going to see a lot more solar, particularly in our state. You might see wind, but you know I've been just a little bit of a critic of wind for the southeast only because the best wind resources are way far away from us. The three deals we've done on wind for the host utilities really are located in Kansas and Oklahoma. The right long-term electricity design for America is not to rely on long haul transmission networks to move electricity. You're always better off from a physical design standpoint to locate the generation near the load resource. So solar's going to make more of a penetration than wind in the southeast. We might be able to do some wind in the southeast; we'll see. The other things that we had some problems about in the past we've done in Texas, but we haven't done in the southeast, is biomass. If we could ever get back in that business, I think the southeast is a good place to go. And if you want to think about other kind of resources that are going to be particularly important to meeting clean power plan, nuclear and hydro. We never count hydro as part of renewable resources, we probably should. And when I think about kind of if you add up all the wind, all the solar, biomass and hydro, we're approaching something like 7000 megawatts owned or controlled by our company. That's where it's going to go. And along with that, there will be combined cycle gas as base load supplanting coal, CTs to handle the intermittency, and more gas infrastructure, which we've been talking about for some time, that we'll be able to move the shale gas from where it is to where it needs to be.
Thomas A. Fanning: The other thing that is a big deal, but we're sworn not to talk about, so let me talk about it, is kind of IT jobs and service – I mean, server farms and all that stuff. Those people are very sensitive about those infrastructure plays. Don't want to talk about where they're located or who they are, but we're seeing some growth there. That's because of our reliability on price position.
Thomas A. Fanning: Like in the past, we've done things like discrete issuances, we've done dribble programs, we've done a variety of other things. That's what Art was hinting at. But whatever we do, we don't want to impact the market.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. So what I said was when I think about the kind of projects we see, what we've circled so far, 2015 we're guessing we're going to have a cap allocation of around $2.3 billion. And we already kind of circled up about $1.3 billion in 2016, which is kind of in our base plan. So we've already circled up our base plan, and then we think we should expect to see kind of similar performance for the balance. So it wouldn't surprise me at all to see a $2.3 billion number in 2016. But don't know it yet, just what I've said.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, look, we've been talking for some time and you all have been so wonderful to be patient with us. I think we're reaching that inflection point in the story. We've always traded on a risk-adjusted basis. The returns are terrific. We're one of just one or two companies like us that – we can't promise you anything in the future. My lawyers always look at me here. But for the last 10 years or 11 years, we hit our numbers, we hit generally really well within our numbers, even despite duress. And I think the risk side has been tainted somewhat with some overhangs from the Vogtle litigation and the Kemper project. I think resolving the litigation is an enormous inflection point. I think the technical test that we've just gone through, while not removing it completely, have really reduced, I think, significantly the technical risk in Kemper. So I think we're really moving the company in the right way, and I think the days ahead are very bright. We thank you so much for being with us this afternoon, and looking forward to seeing you in a couple weeks. Operator, that's all.
Arthur P. Beattie: Well, Anthony, this is Art. It depends on the PPA contract and how old it might be. More recent contracts are priced a lot lower than the older ones; and that's a function of kind of the timeframe of when that original PPA was established. So I have a hard time giving you an answer about – that wouldn't be very meaningful to you.
Arthur P. Beattie: Southern Power's about 45% equity, 55% debt; and that's the way we've financed that organization for years now.
Arthur P. Beattie: Yeah. Steve, the number is – I can't find the number. The number I recall is about $55 million this year; and that probably compares to $45 million to $48 million last year; somewhere in that range.
Arthur P. Beattie: Yeah. If you look, our fourth quarter earnings have run across the board. It depends on what kind of weather year we've had. But as I look for the year-end, Steve, I'm looking year-over-year; I expect maybe $0.05 of the accretion year-over-year to come from Southern Power, maybe $0.06 from the operating companies, a penny from our parent and maybe minus $0.04 on shares. And that would account for the $0.08 increase from $2.80 to $2.88.
Arthur P. Beattie: Yeah. Ali, I think if you look at the numbers, industrial is really the one that's lagging the most. And, as you remember, from a revenue perspective, that is the least impactful to our company. But if you had them at 1% growth rather than a 0.5% growth, we'd be up close to a 1% growth year-over-year on a year-to-date basis, almost actually 1.3%. But we're really pleased with the commercial end of the business. We've been waiting for a number of years for that to come around, and it has. Customer growth has been very strong. That's, again, a reflection of in-migration. Use per customer is still eating away that. That's a bit of the efficiency gain that we're seeing through natural occurrence with appliance replacement and those kinds of things.
Arthur P. Beattie: Weather-normalized number for retail sales, about 0.7%. I mean, that's just a pure guess. But seeing what we're seeing in the industrial market and we expect the commercial market to do well, that's about what we think.
Arthur P. Beattie: Well, we had discussions with the agencies prior to the announcement. And we outlined the financing plan for them issuing equity over a three-year timeframe, and that we believe that our metrics will be consistent with where we are before where we are today by the time we get to 2019. We'll issue a lot of debt upfront, but over time we'll get our metrics back to a point where they're consistent with where we started.
Arthur P. Beattie: Well, on the industrial side, Alabama is probably gotten more of their kilowatt hour sales in industrial than Georgia, but actually Georgia's industrial sales are a little bit bigger. But their other markets are bigger, too. But Alabama is predominantly steel, chemical, and a little less paper than Georgia's got. But those two have done less well here in the, I guess we call it, industrial recession. Georgia has some steel, not as much as Alabama. They've got more paper. And that has suffered a little more. Some of that paper is down because of low gas prices and they're co-generating more of their needs because of that. So that's a bit of what we're suffering there as long as and as well as I guess lower pulp prices for paper as well. So if you talk about the commercial markets, it's more fulsome in Georgia, I would believe. They've got a bigger commercial market especially within the metropolitan area of Atlanta. And so that's where you're seeing the much more robust growth. You're seeing a little bit in Alabama, but not as much as in Georgia.
Arthur P. Beattie: Yeah. We're still considering those options, Steve. But the base plan is we expect to raise the equity in the manner that we've raised it in the past, and some of the internal programs – we've already turned our internal programs on, beginning in October of this year. So we'll issue in that fashion through 2019, is currently planned, but we're also considering other elements of that that could possibly be used.
Arthur P. Beattie: Again, Andy, we're going to have to follow-up. We don't have it split. We've got some capital in there for wind and solar, so I just don't have the split.
