Thomas A. Fanning: Thanks, Art. As we look forward, we believe Southern Company is solidly positioned to deliver on its value proposition as our customer and community-focused business model continues to serve us well across our portfolio of companies. We have a transparent, well-balanced path forward to 4% to 6% EPS growth, which should also support our dividend objective. As we optimize the risk-return equation of our business, our strategies to preserve credit quality post-tax reform are intended to provide a solid foundation for value creation for both customers and investors alike. Thanks, once again, for joining us this afternoon. We'll now move to question-and-answer portion of the call. Operator, we are now ready to take questions.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes. You know what's interesting about the incremental capital opportunities is we looked at the profile of our CapEx over time, I think you've probably heard this before, but we tend to be conservative in our projections. And one of the things that we have seen is that we budget really well for this year and pretty well for the next year and the year after, but starting in years four and five, because they can't see some of the CapEx opportunities, we tend to budget less and less. And so, it's very common for us to have kind of a downward-sloping CapEx projection. When we looked in history, in fact, we tend to fill those things in. So in effect, what we have thought about is essentially levelizing as a concept a CapEx appetite at the state companies. And that kind of incremental opportunity gets you more to the top of the range. Of course, we will manage O&M so that there are no price increases to customers as a result of that activity. And I think we got good capacity to do that.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. So one of the things we're looking at, dividend policy is one of the ultimate signaling theories in finance, right? And when we look at our profile kind of over the next five years, it's clear that while our payout ratio may be in the 80% range for a period of time, once Vogtle clears to in-service, there is a sharp drop in our payout ratio. When we look at the viability of our ability to deliver on the growth objectives that we've outlined here, we think it's very advisable to stay the course on the dividends, regular, predictable, sustainable and live with, for a period of time, kind of an 80% payout ratio. Maybe a little north of that from year-to-year, because we believe once we emerge from the construction of Vogtle, we'll be back down in the 70s in a pretty healthy way. It's better to stay the course than it is to try and vary over a temporary period.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. 90 – let me say it another way. 94% of our earnings are coming ex-Vogtle, and those are exceedingly strong and predictable over time. So all we're laying in is the notion that only 6% is associated with Vogtle during this construction period. Of course, once it goes in-service, it goes back to the earnings rate at Georgia Power.
Thomas A. Fanning: That's right. Yeah. Sure. Westinghouse continues to say they're ready to load fuel what we believe the delay in Sanmen and Haiyang as additional regulatory review of the reactor coolant pump and the squid valves. Now we believe, Westinghouse believes, there's no issue there. This appears to be a technical regulatory oversight delay. But we believe, we don't know of any problem and once the regulator in China agrees to go forward, they'll load fuel. We see no impediments.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, recall some years ago, there were some issues about the reactor coolant pump and there were changes made to the RCP. So that was done way back when I think everything conforms with our understanding of the engineering and ultimate operational performance. We think there's no issue. It's hard to speculate if there were a change required, what that would mean to constant schedule, I just wouldn't want to go there. But the clear understanding we have from Westinghouse, you know that we've had people on site for years now, is that there is no problem. This is a regulatory matter that the Chinese are dealing with.
Thomas A. Fanning: And we've run it by the – yeah and Greg, we've run this by the rating agencies and they think that this approach is sensible.
Thomas A. Fanning: ...get back to a FFO to debt percent. That's kind of the way we're doing it. And the beauty of this tax reform is, if you solve to an equity ratio, if that's the only thing you're doing. I said this on TV this morning, just broad numbers, I think we can preserve our financial integrity and still deliver in the range of 5% to 7% rate reductions, but that's if that's all you do. There could be a host of other things that could impact the regulatory treatment. But this is a win-win. There's plenty of room for us to preserve our financial integrity and deliver rate reductions.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, we think that the state-regulated businesses, especially the way we've recast it, represents a lion's share of our growth opportunity. And in fact, when you think about kind of the equity needs, however we solve them, whether it's shares over programs or through investor friendlier kind of means, it represents I think 80% of the shares are going to be tied up in the state-regulated businesses. That provides the lion's share of growth going forward.
Thomas A. Fanning: What's interesting, we need to get back to you on that. But I'll tell you this, we have thought about this one. The net income profile of Southern Power isn't going to grow a whole lot over the future, but the earnings per share profile, we'll still deliver. In other words, because we're using tax-advantaged equity, while R will grow modestly, E won't grow hardly at all, and so we'll still deliver pretty good EPS, but the thrust is right and we'll get you the right percent and everything else between the two. The real lion's share of our EPS growth right now is in the state-regulated businesses.
Thomas A. Fanning: So I guess, one way to say it, Art, is kind of, at its most conservative, we can fully support this 4% to 6% growth rate and our credit metrics by using our internal plans and any at-the-market kind of effort. To the extent we do "investor-friendly means", means other than those shares, we could certainly improve within the range.
Thomas A. Fanning: So, I mean Art's right. It's hard to say. It depends on the success and the opportunity we see elsewhere in the market on some of these other ideas.
Thomas A. Fanning: We'll have somebody looking for it and somebody will look for it. I just don't have it at my fingertips.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes. $3.25 million (45:57) would be my best guess; of course, it varies all over the place. Would be my guess.
Thomas A. Fanning: The benefit of tax reform equals the loss of income from the sale of solar. So the net effect is you keep income constant and you raise cash and offset shares.
Thomas A. Fanning: That was the amount of shares associated with replacing the hull, the credit quality hull from the write-off of the gasifier last year in 2017, at the ongoing carry and also the income loss associated with that.
Thomas A. Fanning: Not having an earning asset there. And I'm proud to say, these guys do more of the shows than I do, but even the shows I was at, I can remember drawing people a line that showed the 5% growth, which is the $0.15 and then the write-off and then $1.7 billion from Toshiba, this is stuff that we've had out there for some time. And this tax reform, this negative $0.06, we're going to work really hard to mitigate that. So I think we're going to be exactly kind of where we thought we might be, based on the talk we gave kind of at the balance of 2019, I mean, 2017.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, you bet. If you want to look at a company that's done just a terrific job at this, I would go right to Georgia Power. They did a variety of things where they invested in technology and really took money out of the business, not only O&M, but some other investments like a lot of the local towns. But in that process, we've actually increased the reach to those customers, I want to say by a factor of 4. So it's interesting. Our customer base is getting used to more and more the use of technology in terms of managing our relationship with them. We still have important personal touch in the communities that we're privileged to serve, but I think Georgia Power has been a great example of taking O&M down and improving their CapEx potential. One other really important – and let me say this just another way, if I reverse that. The technology investments, that is the modernization efforts, in many ways, permit the ability to take O&M out. And if you think about Georgia Power during this time, they were named The Most Trusted Electric Utility in America. So we were all worried about what does this all mean to our relationship with customers and it remains really strong. One other concept. You guys know that I help lead for all the electric industry in America, whether it's IOUs, co-ops and munis, but the whole notion of providing appropriate levels of national security for this most critical part of our infrastructure is something that I'm very focused on. And I think this new word that starts to creep into, whether it's an infrastructure bill in Congress or in our dialogues around modernization goes not to reliability or potentially even service, but to the notion of resilience. That's going to become increasingly important as we think about protecting this most valuable asset.
Thomas A. Fanning: And frankly, I think we have the capacity to do that. But if you wanted a number to use, it would be below an inflation rate.
Thomas A. Fanning: You know, the Southeast still is good, though. You think about it, we've had better than U.S. experience on population growth for both our gas and electric properties. And job growth is much better than the national average in terms of our electric properties. So you know what? I mean, what we're seeing in terms of flat is really a function, I think, of technology on behalf of customers. One other effect that we think may occur during this year is, as other companies – this is actually good for the economy, but as other companies now can expense their CapEx, we may see a lot more facility improvements, store restructurings, manufacturing, and that may have the effect of increasing the rate of investment of energy efficiency. That's why we believe, this year, it's flat.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, the gas one's easy. It's the sale of Elizabethtown is assumed. So you've lost Elizabethtown's CapEx; that's what that is.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. Well, there's a couple effects in there. Recall, we talked about a variety of means to raise the equity, and what you're referring to is essentially a plan that still achieves 4% to 6% growth, but which uses kind of sales of shares through our plants, okay? To the extent we could do, say, more investor-friendly means of raising cash and equity, that certainly would be lumpier and maybe, potentially, more front-end-loaded and may reduce, frankly, the number of shares required. We'll just see.
Thomas A. Fanning: And the other thing that's going to impact timing, for sure, will be how the regulatory process has evolved at each of the companies. As I said earlier on this call, we're not going to invest equity until we have a regulatory construct that supports earning on it. So that also will have an influence as to how we send out the capital.
Thomas A. Fanning: And the other thing that would probably be helpful in thinking about this, what we're solving for is this kind of preserving financial integrity. So that means getting back to appropriate FFO to debt levels. Without mitigations, tax reform would translate into approximately 2% to 3% impact at the states and maybe 3% to 4% at the Southern Company level, so that's kind of what we're solving for here. That may be helpful.
Thomas A. Fanning: That's right. The wind deal that we've signed up that joint development for. And there could be a variety of other things. It comes with a transom. I mean, the whole point though is that is purely discretionary and our plan is that largely, we believe that would be funded through internal means or alternative sources of equity like tax equity, project finance or whatever. The clear message here is this 4% to 6% growth is being driven by investments and performance at our state-regulated entities.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, basically. When it's done, it will be done and we'll tell you everything about it. I think we have outlined though the potential effects of tax reform and we've outlined kind of how we believe we're going about it. So it's some combination of unwinding our regulatory asset or liability or how we expect to restore our credit metrics through equity ratios, for example. So that's kind of the how, the what will show themselves when we reach agreement. But we, historically, we don't like to get in front of the states as they go through these sensitive discussions.
Thomas A. Fanning: But I think it will be our intention, you're asking a hypothetical. It would be our intention and it would be simultaneous. In other words, if we got the authority to increase in equity ratio, we would make sure that they had the capital that represented that equity in place.
Thomas A. Fanning: And I think it goes back to somebody's earlier question that said, you're looking at $1.4 billion per year and we said that might be lumpy based on regulatory outcomes. That would be a reason why.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, it's been an exciting time in the industry. I know – I think everybody has been wrestling with what does tax reform mean and it's quite a process. The net of it is, we think there's plenty of economics there to have a win-win agreement with all of our jurisdictions, that is that we can preserve our financial integrity and reduce rates to customers and we think that's good not only for our customers, for the company, but also for the growing economy. I think it's been a real shot in the arm to us all. The other thing I hope you'd take from this call is that as we've evaluated these opportunities, there's been a real redistribution of growth away from Southern Power. We're still committed to Southern Power. We still think there's opportunity and that provides upside to our forecast, but the real redistribution of growth in our focus really goes now to the regulated utilities that we have in some of the best jurisdictions in America. We think this is a plan that will be very promising and we will execute as well as we can and we'll update you as things develop. Thank you very much for being with us on this call. We appreciate your interest in Southern Company. See you soon.
Jonathan Philip Arnold: Okay. Thank you for that, Tom. And then just on slide 25, where you look at the growth with and without Vogtle. Just – it's certainly clear that the red 4% to 6% is starting off that midpoint of 2018, so...
Jonathan Philip Arnold: And your – effectively the gray lines are showing us where you would fall within that given the earnings at Vogtle in any particular year.
Jonathan Philip Arnold: Please just correct me, you're pretty much saying that the top end of the gray dotted lines that you would expect to still be within the 4% to 6% off of the 2018 guidance in all of those years. And so, I'm curious, so what's the purpose of the – without Vogtle? Because it seems a scenario where you just don't have the Vogtle earnings, but sort of everything else is fine, just seems to be odd for me to imagine.
Arthur P. Beattie: Yeah. You got it right, Jonathan. The starting point is 2018 and the gray lines do represent the nonlinear benefit of Vogtle over that next four-year timeframe or five-year, yeah, four years beyond 2018.
Arthur P. Beattie: And I think it was important for us to point out kind of that fact, Jonathan. When you look at what Vogtle represents to our total earnings picture, it is only 6% of our projected EPS during this next four to five years. 94% of our earnings are going to still deliver 4% to 6%. So we would want to have that reflected in things like our P/E ratio and stock price performance.
Arthur P. Beattie: I think we're just trying to point out the strength of the underlying business, excluding the earnings associated with Vogtle over the next few years.
Arthur P. Beattie: Yeah, Greg. This is Art. You're right. Gulf Power has filed a plan or a stipulated agreement with a couple of important interveners. I think the Office of Public Counsel and the Industrial Group there have signed on to the deal where there is an immediate, I believe, refund to customers of a lot of the unprotected deferred taxes, and it also provides for an increase in the equity ratios from 52.5% to 53.5%. And there are also some additional rate reductions that go into place for both their environmental rates and their base rates as well. So it's a comprehensive settlement, but it is a great example of what we're looking for in each of our jurisdictions. That will be different for every jurisdiction we talk about. Georgia, you mentioned, asked for some kind of input or filing last week and that has been postponed for another couple weeks. So there's still discussions going on there, but nothing to point to. Mississippi has filed an amended PEP filing there as well, and they have basically requested an increase in the equity ratio and provided for some mitigation of the rate increase that was initially filed there. That was about a 4% increase; that has now dropped to 2.5%. So that's another good example of what we are asking the regulator to do. It varies by jurisdictions. In the Gas business, we have a number of ongoing rate requests that will include the impacts of tax reform. I believe in Illinois, they're going to adjust tax reform based on the January order that they got out of the rate request they filed last year. So it just varies by jurisdictions. Some we may see this year, some we may see next year; so just stay tuned.
Arthur P. Beattie: There's nothing that – there have been discussions ongoing, but nothing concrete to share at this point.
Arthur P. Beattie: Yeah. Well, there are a lot of moving parts with Southern Power. They had a lot of new contracts; seven new solar and four new wind contracts where you got most of a full year's worth of benefit there, year-over-year. You had a lot of increase in depreciation there, but I guess one aspect that was not expected last year, and I'm assuming we're talking on an ex-item basis here, that was some state solar investment tax credits that we discovered we qualified for; that accounted for roughly a $0.04 pickup at Southern Power. So that, in my mind, is the only thing that was really boosting their numbers up this year. But year-over-year, I think the numbers were fairly close in terms of net income.
Arthur P. Beattie: Julien, you are asking about where we're going to go and if you look at our 2018 expectations out of Southern Power, there's – not a lot of that growth is expected to be – or not a lot of that income is expected to be driven by new projects. Most of our joint development agreements, the opportunities there would probably begin delivering income in 2019.
Arthur P. Beattie: As we look year-over-year though, we'll certainly keep about the same level of production tax credits. We just put into – I guess we just signed an agreement on a new, small solar deal.
Arthur P. Beattie: Yes. And then we got our ongoing energy margins and our amortizations of ITC, which are, I think, year-over-year will be pretty close to the same, but we've also – are probably going to book in the first quarter some restructuring gains that will primarily be benefiting our – or optimizing our state apportionment rates across all the states that we have. And that will be a pickup of $0.04 or $0.05 of earnings at Southern Power. So when you look at year-over-year, we're going to be pretty close to the same level of net income as we were in 2017.
Arthur P. Beattie: Hold on a second. Let's see, Paul. Our guidance range really assumes a range of possible outcomes. We said we have a $1.4 billion need. We certainly got a lot of tools at our disposal. The timing of that will be spread over the year. But as we've also said, we've got opportunities to do it in a shareholder-friendly way, which might mitigate that as well. So it's a hard question to answer and the range that we've given you is really the outcome of a number of different assumptions around all of the moving parts.
Arthur P. Beattie: Yes, they will be a beneficiary of that to the tune of $15 million to $20 million; but recall, also, that we are in the process of monetizing the 33% of the solar portfolio, which would coincidently kind of offset the benefit and the tax gain.
Arthur P. Beattie: Yeah. That's what I would – and even our profile on nonfuel O&M will be to eliminate the inflation in the numbers and, again, to drive it below zero, if we can, to help fund these opportunities for mod capital.
Arthur P. Beattie: Yeah, if you get specific by class, it's probably a bit of growth in the industrial class and a bit slightly negative on the residential and commercial.
Arthur P. Beattie: And I think, Michael, as you look at Southern Power on that line, it basically reflects only the committed capital and maintenance capital to support existing assets or new projects that we've committed to. It would be incremental needs for beyond that and we've kind of set that out in a separate Southern Power slide. I believe it's in the appendix.
Arthur P. Beattie: Yeah, Praful. This is Art. Listen, I don't want to go state-by-state, because we're going to be getting ahead of the regulatory process a bit. It will vary by state. Some states have amounts of, say, storm damage cost, that is a reg. asset on their books. That might be something they themselves of to provide a temporary pickup in cash for recovery of that.
Arthur P. Beattie: And then deal with equity ratios later. So there are all kinds of pieces. And if you take out all of the assets, right, that's the total of the protected and unprotected deferred tax assets would be, what, $7 billion, $8 billion? And about...
Arthur P. Beattie: And about $5.7 billion of that is protected and the remainder would be unprotected. And that's at a Southern level. So it's going to vary by operating company and I believe in the K, you can find a breakdown by each of the companies.
Arthur P. Beattie: Well, I think that's a great question and it's all going to revolve around the timing, the timing of the approvals and when the equity is funded or how quickly it's funded and that may occur over time as well, so.
