Tom Fanning: Thanks, Art. In closing, I’d like to talk for moment about our nation’s economy and the great opportunity our industry has to help make things better. As you know, Southern Company’s business is all about doing what’s best for our customers. It’s a philosophy that goes all the way back to our founding and it’s an area in which we continue to excel. In fact, Southern Company was just named the top-ranked major electric utility in the 2013 American Customer Satisfaction Index. Down through the generations, Southern Company employees have always focused on making life better for the families and communities we serve. Our customers deserve that commitment. It’s central to our legacy and it’s an especially crucial role for us today given the difficult economic climate faced by many of our customers. By now, everyone knows the issues with the economy. Low sustained growth and unacceptably high unemployment. The problem isn’t solely tied up with reduced spending or higher taxes, the real solution lies in promoting sustainable economic growth, that will support more job creations and personal income growth, and make American lives better. Our industry is uniquely suited to support that outcome. In fact, since 1970, nearly 80% of the growth in energy consumption has been driven by the electrification of the American economy. Energy producers are central to the economy and central to the lives of American families. In short, energy is growth capital and we need to do everything we can as a nation to ensure a clean, safe, reliable and affordable supply. With that in mind, we have been promoting in industry initiative across the energy complex, which includes oil, natural gas and electricity to address the issue of North American energy security. The goal is to develop and market our vast supply of energy resources so that by the end of this decade, North America can become a net energy exporter, and perhaps later, the largest producer of energy worldwide. Think about it. Our current energy policy is predicated on the concept of scarcity. In fact, we can turn that premise to one of abundance. Southern Company is committed to playing a leadership role to help North America, and particularly the United States, achieve that aspiration. I will keep you apprised of our progress. In the meantime, Southern Company will continue to excel at the fundamentals of our business, finding the best ways to serve our customers in the Southeast, while building better communities in a better country. We are now ready to take your questions so, operator, we’ll now take the first question.
Tom Fanning: Well, this is our best estimate of what it’s going to take in order to complete by the in-service date. To the extent we under-run then yeah, there would be an adjustment at the end of the process. Likewise, if it takes more, there would be another adjustment over, but that is our best estimate currently.
Tom Fanning: Well, remember, Kemper and Vogtle are completely different, right, so let’s think about Kemper. Remember, this is our technology, our design, our construction effort, certainly have subcontractors but this is our responsibility. And recall we already have a settlement agreement in place with the Mississippi commission that provides for in total about a 19% net increase. When you look at Vogtle, we have a completely different arrangement. That is we have a turnkey contract with the consortium that’s Toshiba, Westinghouse and Chicago Bridge and Iron. And while we have made modifications to that contract over time to the benefit of our customers, we feel that it is a completely different relationship than in Kemper where we are solely responsible for executing on the project. We are responsible for Vogtle, but we have commercial relationship with the consortium. Further, when you consider the cost impacts on Vogtle, it’s pretty clear it’s a different matter. When we originally certified the plant we thought it would be 12% increase. Now with the additional cost but moreover the overwhelming additional benefits, we think that price increase now is reduced to somewhere between 6% and 8%. And while in VCM 8 we did increase the schedule, there will be no costs that will show up in rates to customers associated with that change in schedule. And further, when we think about the remaining price increases associated with completing Vogtle to in-service, we believe those price increases are somewhere less than 1% per year. So it’s a totally different ballgame. Kemper we already have a settlement agreement, Vogtle we have a process in place at the VCM hearings and a variety of other things, a different commercial arrangement, a different price impact. We just think they’re completely different.
Tom Fanning: And even the ongoing net impact of additional shares whenever we decide to issue shares is really pretty minor. I think the sustaining cents per share impact is like $0.03 per share associated with this if we sold all the amount of shares right away, which we don’t intend to do right away. So – and just recall, last year we had negative $0.11 of weather. I think when Art says that we’re committed to our annual guidance and our long-term growth aspirations, I think we can manage this circumstance quite well.
Tom Fanning: No. We think would be that. In other words, the structure that we have crack AFUFC be up to $2.88 billion. Beyond $2.88 billion given the higher cost increase that could occur earlier than say May. So you could see that effect going on. As Art mentioned the ITC effect would be something you would see ratably over the 7-year period and within that structure there’s a true provision and a variety of other things so we’ll just have to see how that would work out.
Tom Fanning: Hey, Steve. The ITC would be reflected over 30 years so there would be the annual effect of that over the 30 years so we think it would be kind of small.
Tom Fanning: Well, recall this is a first of its kind technology although we’re confident of our ability to deploy it. What we have said before probably the larger risk in front of us right now goes to the instrumentation and control equipment. Harmonizing the operation of the plant from the fuel intake of lignite to the gasification to the stripping out of the CO2 to the remaining synthesis gas going on to the combined cycle units and producing electricity. Harmonizing the operation of the plant I think is probably what we are most focused on. Now we have put in place for some time now a simulator where we have modeled how this is supposed to work. We mentioned before that we’re already 40% through start up activities. Those start up activities have been mostly focused on the combined cycle units some of the other ancillary areas around the plant so the big effort is going to be start up around the gasifier and the carbon capture equipment. It’d be those issues. I would say instrumentation and control would be the biggest single issue.
Tom Fanning: No, we think on a GAAP equivalent basis you’re going to be somewhere between $1 and $1.25 per million BTU. High capital cost but cheap energy and recall the energy is influenced by the value of the CO2 which is indexed the price of oil which pays for substantial portions of the lignite fuel. The net effect is a very promising energy cost for decades to come for Mississippi’s customers and we have great certainty. We don’t think there’s going to be much volatility at all in the fuel price because we own the mine and it’s right there. This is essentially a mine now operation. So low volatility...
Tom Fanning: Yeah, well they’re higher than we want but we have plans in place to work them down by certainly 2014 and into 2015. We have plans in place. We’ve done all sorts of different things to manage this situation. Normally, we would be about kind of a 40-day supply right now and we’re kind of in the mid-60’s. It varies by plant, to plant, to plant but we have plans to get it all down and placed by the right time.
Tom Fanning: It sure will. It’ll help us manage them faster, that’s for sure, relative to where they were last year. Hey, interesting data, interesting data. In the first quarter of 2012 average gas price was $2.50. In the first quarter of 2013 average gas price was $3.50, spot price $4.25. Remember our cautionary kind statements about gas and while we’ve made the big bet to gas we remain convicted that it was more volatile than other fuel sources. I think the data just bears that out. And one of the things I was going to add was one of the other blessings we have by the people who came before us was deploying a lot of combined cycle technology so that we have great flexibility in being able to move between coal and gas in a short amount of time. When we think about it we could go as high as something like 57% gas and 22% coal and as high as, oh I don’t know, 30%, 45% wait a minute, 45% coal 35% gas if coal gets cheap relative to gas. So we can swing significantly here.
Tom Fanning: I’ll answer you first and then Art fill in. Look, 2% I think adjusting for leap year is 1%. If you just the outages that we saw with variety of kind of big guys like Mercedes-Benz, like Chevron like others, we were probably nearly flat on industrial which is not far off of what we thought.
Tom Fanning: The other thing I would say is going back to this kind of economic development and the new announcements, those are really the headlights on kind of where we see our industrial sales going. That’s awfully bullish. Gee whiz. Four projects at 6,000 new employees, good jobs. When you look at our manufacturing employment being 1.8% versus the national average of 1%, it looks bullish to us. So I would just say look, adjusting for all these things, it’s generally in line with our expectations and we look forward to seeing how it unfolds. If I had to say, is there a weakness? I would watch out for the global economy in exporting.
Tom Fanning: Okay. That was a leveraged lease that we were the equity and tax owner of. We entered into that lease back in 2002. The lessee had significant operating performance problems with the plant and was unable to get cash flows high enough to make the debt payments. So we had disclosed this in the 10-K, I think as long as a year ago, describing our options here. We could’ve written off the entire investment at about $90 million or get the bondholders to agree to a restructuring, which is what we’ve done. We’re actually going to put some additional investment into the plant. We are going to act as a general contractor to the new lessee and we believe that the accounting rules required us to book a restructuring charge of – after-tax of $16 million or so, and that’s basically the long and short of it.
Tom Fanning: Yeah, sure. That was part of the regulatory settlement we reached earlier this spring, so in essence, additions to rate base are $2.4 billion of the plant, the mine and the CO2 pipe. Beyond the $2.4 billion of the plant, up to $2.88 billion of the plant is plus AFUDC and some other items, goes to securitization. And we have estimated that amount to be between $700 million and $800 million. Recall, we had legislation provided for an amount of about $1 billion, so we currently contemplate using somewhere between $700 million and $800 million of the $1 billion securitization available to us.
Tom Fanning: That’s right. We’re very clear though that there are exceptions to the cap which remain in place. And remember those are force measure change in law, beneficial capital or project development allowances, is essentially actions we take on the plant site while we’re building it to improve its performance. Those things remain exceptions to the cap.
Tom Fanning: Well, we don’t – anything that we’ve talked about so far, it does not apply to the regulatory agreement that we struck so far. So when we struck that settlement agreement, remember there was a settlement agreement and there were two pieces of legislation passed through the Mississippi House and Senate and there was a vote by the commission to approve all of that. And then we have remaining in front of us the approval of the seven-year plan, as well as prudence hearings. Given all of that work, when we came up with the increased estimate, we’ve felt bound by the settlement agreement we reached and all the agreements we reached with the parties involved, and elected ourselves not to charge customers for any of these cost increases.
Tom Fanning: Not with these. These costs we’re talking about don’t fall under any of those exceptions. To the extent something arises in the future, conceivably they could, but not the cost were talking about today.
Tom Fanning: So you know we’ll see. There’s still a lot of work to go. Our expectation is that at the end of the day they’ll find it nonhazardous would be my simple answer, and that the kind of effective period in which will be able to adjust to whatever new regulations we’ll have some time to do that well into the future. You know there are some significant capital costs associated with whatever EPA has us do with coal ash. At one time that was in our three-year budget. Our sense is now that there won’t be any significant capital in the three-year period that we disclose in our estimates to you guys. In the aggregate, however, depending on how these rules come out and we’re going to be as engaged as we always are, these could easily result in compliance costs that exceed our incremental cost from that. We just believe these costs including coal ash, effluents and 316-B will likely be outside the three-year estimate period now.
Tom Fanning: Well, it’s way early to assess kind of where we are. We’re still evaluating all that stuff. We think we have something that is workable and it’s a 400 page rule and we’re going to just dive through it as we do here at Southern and we’ll respond back to EPA in due course.
Tom Fanning: It’s kind of what we chatted about already. The regulatory process I described still in front of us is approval of the seven-year rate plan which was contemplated in the settlement. And the other thing still in front of us are prudence questions, okay.
Tom Fanning: I really think the issue there goes to kind of what I described before. It’s going to go to as we complete startup activities, recall we’re 40% complete right now so what startup remains goes to the I&C question, instrumentation and controls; and then recall one of the big cost drivers going forward here that gave rise to our new estimate had to do with labor and productivity and meeting our in-service dates. So we’ve got to hit our productivity levels.
Tom Fanning: Well, there are several phases of ITC involved here. Phase I is a time sensitive phase and it has to be in service by I think May of 2014 in order to qualify for those. The second phase relates to the amount of carbon capture that we’re successful with, and those I think expire some time in 2016, April of 2016. We have also, Paul, applied for some additional Phase III credits but that would require that we exceed 70% carbon capture, and we’re just not sure that we’re going to qualify for those particular credits, but we have applied for them.
Tom Fanning: Well, if you think about just the revenue effects, you’ll see more revenue effects in the first quarter than you will in the second because you had some increases in the second quarter of last year related to McDonough primarily and some issues I think at Gulf Power. So those will probably reduce somewhat. It’s mostly based on our low growth and our experience around what we expect on the O&M side. That’d be the drivers that I can think of off the top of my head.
Tom Fanning: Yeah, and I’m afraid it’s going to be a short answer. I would give you more here, I just can’t update it a whole lot. I would argue that there has been positive developments, and I think one of the positive developments has been that within the consortium, right, so the Consortium is to Toshiba, Westinghouse, and it was formerly Shaw, now Chicago Bridge and Iron, has essentially bought Shaw. We think that is marginally a positive development in working through the commercial issues related to this. We’ve looked at a variety of different things. We went through mediation. And after mediation we go through litigation. We’ve filed lawsuits. We still haven’t determined venue, whether that is Washington, D.C., or Augusta, Georgia, so that remains in front of us. But look, we’ve met with management of both Westinghouse/Shaw and Toshiba, all of them, and we have a great relationship. And so we’ll see how it goes. I can’t update you with any specificity as to when we’re going to resolve it or whether we’ll go to litigation or whatever, but that’s where we are.
Tom Fanning: Yeah, that’s a great question. I’m going to guess – what do you think, Art? About 2023? That’s what our models would say. Of course, a lot of that depends on economic growth and a variety of other things. But assuming, kind of what, 2% GDP growth, 1.3% electricity sales growth, you get a number like 2023.
Tom Fanning: And throw on there, I think it’s easy to forget about, but Alabama brought in from wholesale sales out of its Miller units, which is one of the most efficient coal units in the United States, and is now using those units to serve retail in Alabama. So I would argue you’ve got Vogtle. You’ve got McDonough. Georgia has procured some PPAs from competitive generation providers. We have Miller. We have Kemper. We have some megawatts out of a solar initiative in Georgia. I think that will all speak to our needs through the end of this decade and perhaps into very early the 2020s.
Tom Fanning: And you know that’s part of our Southern Company financial dogma. We believe that financial integrity is as important as return. That’s what really drives value. We’ll maintain that posture.
Tom Fanning: Yeah, we’d like for them all to be in the single A category. So A3 is kind of as low as we want to go with Moody’s.
Tom Fanning: Yeah. So as Art described earlier we’ll make a capital contribution to preserve their financial integrity. How we do that at the Southern we’ll see over time.
Tom Fanning: Well, that’s a function of the CapEx and when they spend it. So that will over the next – by the time it goes into service we’ll be back to a closer level.
Tom Fanning: Yeah, absolutely. Thanks. It still is terrific. Now obviously we’re disappointed. Nobody wanted to have this overrun and certainly for our account. We take that very seriously and we’re disappointed with that. That being said, it is so important to serve the long-term interest of our customers to provide a balanced portfolio of generation resources. Failing to do Kemper would have put a much bigger bet in natural gas for the account of Mississippi’s customers and that doesn’t make sense. When you think about the energy production profile of Mississippi Power going forward with Kemper, they are about a third coal, a third Kemper, a third natural gas. And we call the energy equivalent dollar-per-million BTU of Kemper is going to be somewhere between $1 and $1.25 per million BTU with very low volatility. Unlike natural gas and we pointed out before a quarter ago, $2.50 per million BTUs, first quarter $3.50 per BTU and spot $4.25. And if any of you live in the Northeast, especially New England, you can see how volatile gas can be still. Now I sale that to say we’ve already made a big bet in natural gas. We have great optionality to swing between coal and natural gas. We are very bullish on natural gas. But that does not mean that we put all our eggs in that basket. Economic dispatch Kemper looks like a nuclear plant. High capital cost, cheap energy. We think it makes sense.
Tom Fanning: So we don’t have any filings associated with the Bowing problem there. The filing that was made was the sale of a Certain associated with Unit 6. Here’s the issue. We’re really not prepared to talk very much about Bowing yet. Any event like that we do what’s called a root cause analysis. That root cause analysis has not yet been completed, and we’re very careful, even internally, talking about that, until we see with the facts are. There is a very disciplined, rigorous process that we follow. And so once we see that, we’ll evaluate what to do now, in terms of returning Units 3 and 4 to in-service, Unit 1 and what to do about repairs associated with Unit 2.
Tom Fanning: Well, it depends on the timing of the expenditures and right now we’re – we don’t have a feel for exactly when they’re going to spend that money so we can update you later on that.Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay, and then going back to your Appendix ratio, the capacity factors and generation mix, just wondering if you could give us what the capacity factors were for the nuclear in 2012 and 2013? What Q1...
Tom Fanning: Yeah, can you hold on just a second? I’m going to have to look that one up.Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Sure. And then somewhat related to that, just the generation mix, the decline in nuclear, I assume that’s related to additional outages. Is that correct in line with...
Tom Fanning: No, it’s merely a way to make the data more comparable and more meaningful. Basically it’s an improvement in the reporting results. At the end of 2011 we were using a much more rough estimate of what the allocation of unbilled would be between classes whereas at the end of the – end of last – end of the first quarter last year we were using a much more accurate – using the AMI meters to calculate, which was a much more accurate. So we didn’t want that to do – disrupt the reporting numbers so we normalized for those effects.
Tom Fanning: Paul, I would argue that our circumstance is completely different than what Duke has experienced. Duke is buying a very different kind of gasifier. They’re buying it with that contractual relationship. This is our own technology. The gasifier behaves differently. You may remember I went through a protracted explanation as to why we were different than Duke. Look, when we do the feed study, the final engineering and economic design of Kemper County for everything that we did the feed steady on which is all the kind of electricity side and the proprietary technology, the gasifier, the fuel handling and all that stuff? We are right on the money in terms of that estimate. Where we missed it, just to be clear, is on the piping. And you think about the piping associated with a plant like this, it really is a pretty big effort. Because remember, we’re taking gas off of the gasifier, we have all these byproducts including CO2 and a variety of other chemicals and by improving the quality, quantity and then by adding more labor including adjustments to productivity on the site, to deploying that piping, that’s what’s given rise to the big increase. That’s a different situation than what Duke raised and probably has nothing to do really with the technology associated with the IGCC itself. It’s the piping coming out of the IGCC.
Tom Fanning: I certainly hope not. Listen, you know how conservative we are. This is our best estimate with everything that we know right now. So that’s what we’re doing.
Tom Fanning: Well, with ITC there would be ratably given to customers over 30 years. So what would say, $133 million over 30 years that would be the annual affect? The other thing that Art mentioned just to add back is that additional ITC that’s associated with a 70% capture, we can’t guarantee we’re going to get there or not, but if we got that, that would be additional $90 million. So that could serve to offset if we missed some of the other. So we’ll see.
Tom Fanning: Well, let me just close out by saying I appreciate everyone’s participation on the phone today. Look, this Kemper situation is something that we’re disappointed in. I do want to say to you all and also to the thousands of employees that are involved in this, this is not representative of the kind of performance The Southern Company delivers year in and year out. When you think about our engineering and construction services group we have engineered, constructed and put into service well over $20 billion of a gas generation fleet and an environmental control fleet under budget, on time and better functionality than what we expected. This is unusual performance for us and it’s something that we’re going to work very hard not to repeat. So I just want to say to you all we’ve got our heads down. We are focused on this and we’re going to do everything we can to improve performance going forward. Thank you very much for your attention this afternoon. We appreciate it.
Art Beattie: Yeah, sure. So as we approach these last 12 months essentially, we were looking over our estimates of what it is going to take to complete and to make the in-service date. There were kind of a number of different issues we outlined broadly, but with respect to the piping, we made the decision to essentially improve the quality of it, improve the thickness, improve the metallurgy. We think that will provide the best long-run answer to the reliability of the plant and serve Mississippi customers for decades to come. So we improved that. Secondly, we miss-estimated the amount of piping that we would need so we increased the amount of piping that was associated with this project. And then I guess finally, we have added another shift, essentially an overnight shift, to getting the work done by the in-service date. So it really is kind of a function of more labor and a revision of our labor productivity estimate.
Art Beattie: Yeah, we’ve – we kind of outlined on the last call that we had plans for $0 to $300 million but that was kind of contingent upon Southern Power’s projects. Let me say first off that we’re committed to the credit quality that our customers enjoy the benefits of. We will support Mississippi Power in their – getting their cap structure in a shape that it was contemplated in the seven year rate plan that they filed. So how we finance that, how we downstream cash to Mississippi Power is a function of what we – how we do it at Southern. And our intention is to address that over a period of time such that we’re not going to issue a slug of equity immediately to make up that delta. And when you look at Southern Company’s ratio, it would drive our ratio down a little bit below 43%, so we’re not that far away from the target ratios that we established for Southern Company. So we’ll get back to that over a period of time.
Art Beattie: Yes, Steve. This is Art. There are, yeah, certainly the issue around investment tax credits is time sensitive. So that represents roughly $133 million and it’s contemplated in our 7-year rate plan that has been filed with the Mississippi commission. There may also be some issues around the AFUDC especially with the certainly the portion that would exceed the $2.88 billion where we would not continue to accrue AC/DC on that portion but then a question about the remaining balance of AFUDC and whether or not you’d be able to continue to accrue on that balance as well.
Art Beattie: Yeah, I’ll just point out, Greg, that at, right at the end of the month if you look at our dispatch, curve all the Miller units and at least three of the Shearer units were ahead of our most efficient gas unit. So that gives you an idea about how sensitive those PRB units are to the gas price in the marketplace.
Art Beattie: Yeah, that’s true. There were some other impacts we had with cogeneration going on at some of our large paper customers. So that has an impact year-over-year as well. And that’s still a function of gas price and where that goes.
Art Beattie: And the weather’s been sort of screwy. We actually had more revenue in March than we did in January for the first time in anybody’s memory around here. It was really weird looking. Our 80-degree days, January was warmer than February, which was about equal to March. It was a very strange quarter, even though in the aggregate it was normal probably.
Art Beattie: Yeah, Carrie. This is Art. We did not update that slide. We’re still evaluating the timeframe around which those dollars will be spent, so we will probably address that in Form 10-Q and you’ll see some more detailed information there.
Art Beattie: I think that is still a good number. It contemplated some placeholders and we’ve announced the acquisition of the Campo Verde project. So there’s also some other elements in there from a capital perspective around maintenance capital and things like that. So I’d still stick with that number.
Art Beattie: We have spoken to all three of the rating agencies. We have reviewed the situation with them and they’ve given us a response of concern but again, our commitment to the Mississippi to maintain their ratings and we’ll address the southern ratio over time as we spoke a few moments ago.
Art Beattie: Yeah, it is where it was. I would just pick at just a couple of words. We’re not expanding the business model per se. The business model for us would be essentially long-term bilateral contracts credit-worthy counterparties, little or no fuel or transmission risk. We earn our money based on the brick-and-mortar investment that we get in a capacity price that we put in our contracts – a second contract typically we associate would be essentially energy which is mostly fuel and there’s some upside in those contracts but very little downside. That’s the way we structure Southern Power so that it has a risk profile similar to our retail regulated business and we’ve been awfully successful. So the idea was we’ve been able to do that in the Southeast. The Southeast is pretty well flush with capacity and we have been approached by other people. We’ve gone outside the Southeast really in order to do renewables, right? The biomass fuel in Nacogdoches, the solar deals we’ve done now in New Mexico and Nevada and now California. So those are the reasons why we ventured outside the Southeast. We have maintained the same business model. Along the way we have been approached by people particularly our target customers which I would say are particularly focused on munis and co-ops and maybe other large IOUs outside the Southeast to do other business. So far we’ve been turning that business down. What we have suggested in prior calls is that maybe that’s some business we could do effectively. We would keep the same business model in place in pursuing anything if it’s outside the Southeast. And to the extent at the expiration of the contract recall that we tried to do these long-term contracts. I don’t know specifically with the latest average tenure is – 12 to 14 years for Southern Power but I would say that if you’re taking risk on re-upping a contract that the expiration of a long-term contract we would probably price in a risk premium to the return to make sure that we were covered on that risk. But that’s our thinking. It remains.
Art Beattie: Yeah, it’s really very early to comment. Until we file we’re not going to have a whole lot to say about that. But what we’ve done in the past – we typically file a traditional one-year rate filing and then we’ve been under since 1995 a series of three year accounting orders which generally have a much more fluid structure. So what we’ve had with the Georgia regulatory process – the Georgia commission particularly is a constructive relationship in which we can evaluate and manage regulatory structures to accommodate the needs of the day. And I think that has served Georgia Power’s customers so well for so long. So we’ll file a traditional rate case and we’ll file probably some other alternatives to that and we’ll see what makes sense for George’s customers.
Art Beattie: Yeah, and, Andy, when you think about it, so the leap year effect really occurs in the first quarter, then it diminishes as the year goes on. So you have essentially 190, which is about 1.1% difference. You know afterwards, once you get to 360, the leap year effect almost washes out on any year-to-date comparison. So it kind of washes out by the year. That’s why you’ve got to kind of account for it in the first quarter.
Art Beattie: Ashar, this is Art. You’ll see more information on that in our 10-Q. We have an agreement with, in the purchase agreement where we’ve agreed not to disclose the purchase price until we have an obligation to do so, and that’s when we’ll do it, in the 10-Q. So we’re going to honor that agreement. But there are ITCs associated with it that, that will be recognized and our guidance contemplated the projects.
Art Beattie: Will get that for you. That’ll be factored in; 2012 I think it was first quarter was 93 and 2013 was 85.Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. Thank you. That’s all I had.
Art Beattie: Let me say it this way, the total number that we reported, the 0.9% for total retail sales, would have stayed the same, the allocation between the classes would have altered.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: And then just on the way you presented the numbers generally, you obviously have this item you excluded on a leveraged lease. Can you just talk us through why you’re pulling that out? I mean in the past, you’ve – typically, there’s been a pretty high bar for Southern Co. to exclude a one-time item from numbers.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Of the – on – there was a – I think there was talk before of some securitization angle around Kemper. Is that...
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Right. And then obviously as you’re eating everything above $2.88 billion on the plant, that’s not part of that discussion.
