Tom Fanning: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. As you know, 2013 was one of our busiest ever from a regulatory standpoint. The constructive results our traditional operating companies achieved has our company well-positioned to execute our plan to continue delivering on our core commitment to provide clean, safe, reliable and affordable energy to customers and communities that we are privileged to serve. Our second quarter results were consistent with expectation. Weather was normal for first time in the past few quarters and the regional economies is gaining strength as anticipated. We achieved major milestones in our two major construction projects and continue to expand our track record of solid operational performance. In a few minutes, I will provide an update on our financial results, as well as our sales and economic outlook. But first, I’d like to begin with an update on the constructions activities at Plant Vogtle and Kemper County. We continue to make impressive progress at Plant Vogtle Unit 3 and 4 as you can see from the recent aerial photo we have included in our slide deck. Our next major milestone will be completion of the CA05 module for Unit 3, which will comprise one of the major wall sections with the containment vessel. That module is now outside of the module assembly building and it’s projected to be installed in September. The next key element for Unit 3 will be CA01, a large containment vessel module that will have the Unit steam generators and a series of concrete pours that will raise the structural concrete currently surrounding the containment vessel bottom-head and bring it to ground-level, typically referred to as elevation 100. This concrete will ultimately serve as the foundation for the Unit 3 shield building. We currently have 36 of the 47 sub-modules for CA01 on-site and expect to install the completed module in late fourth quarter this year or first quarter next year. The concrete pours to elevation 100 should be finish near year end 2014. Meanwhile, the latest Vogtle construction monitoring or VCM hearing are complete with a vote scheduled for August 19th. During the hearing, the commission independent construction monitor concur that project risk are consistent with those contemplated when the project was approved and that they are being managed well by Georgia Power. The construction monitor also concur that -- sufficient oversight is being provided to contractors and global supply chain vendors. It was further noted, that Georgia Power has been successful in meeting requirements to secure the benefits of the DOE loan, production tax credits and other option to help mitigate risk for customers. We anticipate the filing of VCM 11 at the end of August. I am also happy to report that Plant Ratcliffe at Kemper County had a good quarter, in which Mississippi Power achieved significant construction milestones. Pressure testing is complete on both gasifier train, a significant step towards the heat up of the first gasifier, which is targeted for late third quarter or early fourth quarter 2014. We also have achieved pipe-tight status, meaning that all piping more than 900,000 linear feet is installed, sealed and ready for testing. Successful combined cycle testing is winding down at Mississippi Power prepared to place this portion of the plant in service. On the regulatory front, Mississippi continues to engage constructively with the Mississippi Public Utilities Commission staff. There are a number of issues involved that we are working are to resolve. In the meantime, we remain optimistic about the outcome of these discussions. Elsewhere, I'm pleased to report that the acquisition of the Macho Springs Solar Facility by Southern Power and Turner Renewable Energy closed during the second quarter. This 50-megawatt facility, the largest solar project in New Mexico is now in commercial operation and can generate enough electricity to power more than 18,000 homes. Southern Power continuing to seek new solar and natural gas projects with long-term contract and creditworthy counterparties. I will now turn over the call to Art for a financial and economic overview.
Tom Fanning: Thanks, Art. As I've said many times before, Southern Company values the opportunity to engage constructively at all levels of government for the benefit of the customers we serve. This week we had another such opportunity in the formal public hearing on the EPA proposed rule for greenhouse gas emissions at existing power plant. Several of our company senior officers participated in the hearing yesterday and today both in the nation’s capital and here at Atlanta. We continue to have concerns about the impact of this proposal, particularly with regard to the reliability and affordability of our nation's energy supply. We are currently reviewing the proposed rule and will submit our formal comments to the EPA in keeping with the established timeline. Our initial review, however, has revealed three primary reasons, why we believe the current proposed rule should be amended. First, the proposed rule significantly overreaches the EPA's authority by attempting to regulate activities that are clearly beyond the scope of the Clean Air Act and other existing legislation, and that have historically been under the purview of the states. Second, the detail of the proposed standard do not appear to be workable, relying upon unrealistic standard of performance and violating long standing regulatory construct. And third and perhaps most importantly, the proposal is not in the best interest of electric consumers due it potential negative impact on retail prices and system reliability. As we have in the past we will continue to engage constructively on all fronts in this important policy debate. We are now ready to take your questions. So, Operator, we'll now take the first question.
Tom Fanning: So, yeah, we actually talked about this slide, getting ready for the call, year around our 95% of the way through construction. There will be tales of construction, when we say construction is complete there will be tales of construction that go right into just about in service. So saying its complete is kind of a term of our, but we’re very close to kind of being there in a substantive way. The real risk, I think, going forward relate to start-up and of course, there are the normal issues related to start-up. But the one think we always say to ourselves is the unknown, unknown and that is, there could be as we go though the start-up process, potential equipment failure that we don’t contemplate or have quick inventory or quick turnaround solution for that could impact schedule. But with respect to the risk associate with construction, those are winding down pretty quickly. The risks that largely remain in front of us are the risk that relate to start-up.
Tom Fanning: Well, so, Greg, I think you are all over the question, right. We do steadfast economic dispatch, so whatever the cheapest energy is local provide and whatever energy resource provide the cheapest energy as what we will use. Look a year ago when gas prices were moderately higher and you had coal prices moderately cheaper, I am sorry, just the opposite, gas prices were cheaper, we burnt a lot more natural gas than we did coal. What we are seeing in this year is similar to what we projected and that is kind of in the 40% range for both coal and gas from an energy standpoint. We are slightly ahead so far in ‘14 on coal relative to gas. But I would argue with gas dropping down here recently right in the $4 range that gas will pick up a little bit. So my sense is kind of going forward is kind of where we thought we would be in the general range of 40-40 for both coal and gas. I can you specific number but I’m not sure the differences are meaningful.
Tom Fanning: Sure. Yeah. Sure. Absolutely. It was funny how that got reported. It’s actually on the YouTube website. I gave a speech, I think, I was keynoting at the Bipartisan Policy Center along with Energy Secretary, Ernest Moniz, and with all that energy innovation and after the talk was given, I had a few questions-and-answers. And I think this was the first question and it really went to, why isn’t anybody else building nuclear and I went on to describe kind of what kind of companies could build new nuclear and what kind of had to be in place and I referred to different energy markets in the United States and at the very end of the comment, I said, something like, and what, I would love to be in position by the end of the year to announce that we are building that was starting even more nuclear. In doing that, everybody should know, that the way you start the process is the way we start the process at Vogtle 3 and 4, and that is you would begin a permitting process. Remember too that from kind of beginning to end is 10 years or so. So we are really talking about nuclear generation that could be in service in the middle of next decade and the first process that you start is the permitting process, where we would only do that as we did with Vogtle 3 and 4 with concurrence of our state regulatory jurisdiction, whichever one was relevant at that time. That I was talking it and what that does is preserves the option to build a nuclear if in fact that looks like it desirable from a customer standpoint in the future.
Tom Fanning: That's a fascinating question, Dan. The overreach here to me is so clear and it’s interesting. The EPA says we are giving everybody flexibility. They can’t give you what is not there to give. The inference must be the somehow Congress via the Clean Air Act gave EPA more power over the electric utility industry and new power over relatively what has been the purview of the state than even the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. In other words, somehow EPA is taking the authority to require in some respect renewable portfolio of standard, state energy efficiency standards, they are taking the power to obviate what has been the long standing practice of economic dispatch and incorporate a concept of environmental dispatch and in the course raise prices significantly and perhaps, reduce reliability. My sense is this overreach is so great. I think there is, number one, a significant opportunity to amend the rule before it becomes final, and number two, to work in whatever jurisdiction is sensible to achieve a better structure or better timeframe in which to evaluate it.
Tom Fanning: Yeah. In other words, but, there is also some unintended consequences, the nuclear rule is written really doesn't it actually helps to penalize, people have taken early action. Since 2005 Southern Company has reduced our carbon emissions 26%. We’ve led the United States in the renaissance of new nuclear and essentially we don't get on to getting credit for those actions. And even in the plant, even if you haven’t started, if you’ve contemplated plant, they would include those in the calculation and you don't get credit for that. Now, having said all that, any passage of further regulation around greenhouse gases does incent new nuclear, that is clear. And in fact, building new nuclear is in our view has been a hedge against future carbon regulation.
Tom Fanning: There is nothing new in the statement that we haven’t said numerous times already. We believe nuclear is a dominant solution in the portfolio of Southern Company generation going forward. When all things considered, we need baseload, you need baseload intermediate peaking. We know that coal is kind of moving away from favor in America. So to the extent, you’re going to do coal. It looks like a Kemper plant. If you’re not going to do coal, it’s nuclear. And so if you’re going to preserve nuclear as an option to add as a baseload resource in the middle of the next decade, you need to start thinking about the steps necessary to preserve that option, that’s all I was referring to.
Tom Fanning: Well, here again, this is going to be a standard answer, Steve. We are not going to comment on any specific transaction, of course. And of course, it is standard for management to exercise its fiduciary responsibility to evaluate option enhancing -- the value enhancing strategy for its shareholders to the extent, any of those opportunities come to fore, of course, we’ll pursue it and if successful, announce it. But it’s something we do all the time. We look all the time. And our position is we’re reasonably conservative from a financial standpoint. We believe in maintaining the highest level of financial integrity. I know one of the invoke idea is these day is to use cash. I think the underlying presumption there is to use debt at least as a bridge underlying the cash. But I really don't have anything new to add that I haven’t said before. We’ll look at it all the time. You look extraordinarily hard to complete successfully that really do accrete to shareholder value. But that doesn't mean we won't be trying.
Tom Fanning: It’s reasonably consistent, I think. We haven’t changed our hurdle rates as we expect kind of what the market is showing us. I haven’t seen a dramatic change of what yield curves are offering in the market.
Tom Fanning: So we alluded to it in the opening comments and it really kind of go to the idea of global settlement. There is a whole host of the issues that could be taken into account in what we describe as our ongoing constructed dialog with this type of questions. I know you all will say about where are you in that. And I think the best thing for us to say right now is to let the people do their work and when we have something to announce, we’ll announce it, to not say too much at this point.
Tom Fanning: Well, sure. We are then working on our -- so called global settlement that takes into account a number of issues and we think we’re having constructive dialog about that issue.
Tom Fanning: No. We have all engaged in conversations. There is kind of two ways to think about that. And I would direct you to go to their earnings call as well. But there is the nature of the conversation between Georgia Power and the Consortium. Recall the Consortium is Toshiba, Westinghouse, Chicago Bridge & Iron. And then there is a conversation within the consortium among and between Westinghouse, Chicago Bridge & Iron, and Toshiba. In effect, what I’m saying is both of those have to be resolved in order for us to reach the settlement.
Tom Fanning: No, I have said this before and I don’t mean to sound glib. It’s something that could happen quickly or something that could take a long time including going to litigation. Recall, venue is Augusta, Georgia.
Tom Fanning: Sure. Look that’s something we said consistently. I was kind of surprised at the amount of press it got. Love to be in a position by the end of the year to announce and what you do when you start that process is you undertake essentially a permitting process. And we would only do that with the approval of the relevant jurisdiction in order to recover those costs. Recall also that’s not a commitment to build, that’s a commitment to gain the option to build. So this is something that will -- these are first steps you take in order to achieve new generation by the middle of the next decade, for heaven’s sake, something like that.
Tom Fanning: Yeah. And just to remind everybody, we only talk about guidance twice in a year. Once when we give it and once when we kind of update it in October.
Tom Fanning: That’s still the profile. You know that we’re a conservative company and so we wanted to give you kind of -- we've never really gone out that far talking about what our earnings trajectory might be. And the reason we did that because we felt it had a shape. And so we wanted to describe the shape to you all. We continue to work hard on late to improve that shape. We have several things that we’re kicking around internally here, opportunities with Southern Power, opportunities around the traditional business. But not that we want to give the weight that would be derived from conversation in this form, still kicking around a lot of stuff.
Tom Fanning: So I am looking at all those risks. If I were to focus more on startup risks, what would the risk be and I used the funny phrase, unknown, unknown, right. So let’s say as we go through startup, some piece of equipments failed that we didn’t anticipate. We tried to mitigate or at lease be proactive in mitigating startup risks by providing I think extra man of inventory of we think -- what we think are critical parts to the plant. But in startup if something does not perform well or needs to be redesigned or whatever, that could add more months to the schedule for example and that would require increased cost. Right now we have reserves through I guess the very end of May, June for us whatever you to call it. So we maintained that estimate. Obviously if we didn’t have comments to that estimate we would have changed it. We had a good quarter in construction and I think being pipe-tight. So that means essentially all the pipe is erected. Now we still need to test it and other things. We just had a good quarter and I want to make sure that’s been on the site there. They are just working like crazy. Understand that we appreciate their effectiveness this quarter. The challenge now transitions I think largely become a structure project to a start project. That will have its own set of issues we will see.
Tom Fanning: That’s right, Paul. I mean to the extent you can’t made that kind of schedule that puts pressure on the back end, we move the schedule in concert with the new estimated, new member when we came up with the May schedule. So we changed a lot of the major components along that way. So that schedule is consistent with the completion date at the end of May.
Tom Fanning: Let me speak very broadly about that. The preference in something like a super Southeast would be where you could gain natural synergies. That’s what that comment alludes to, okay. So let me just pick stuff out of the air. We would have more synergies operationally in a company that was inside our footprint or adjacent to it or whatever. Then, we would for a company in Canada. That’s really the concept you are after there. So in preferring the super Southeast, it is the idea that you can more readily gain operational synergies and let me also distinguish between asset M&A where you don’t really require synergy so much. That’s like building a solar plant in New Mexico relative to corporate M&A which is I think what you are referring to.
Tom Fanning: Yeah, O&M is certainly an aspect that if you look at our history, we are second half spending company. And depending on actually how the third quarter goes because the third quarter represents fully 45% of our annual earnings, it’s a big player and that points directly at four quarter earnings over the last five years. We have earned anywhere from $0.18 and $20.10 to 0.48 last year and that’s a reflection of where we end up through the third quarter. We also have weather impacts as well as you know and we’re assuming normal weather throughout the remainder of the year, but that’s certainly something we have to plan into account for. The other aspect is the share count and share counts are up. We talked about issuing new shares this year. So you got to weigh that into and once you factor all of that net, these are all the things that are as you say puts and takes on where the number went up.
Tom Fanning: That’s correct. And that’s over another period of time I think over 3 years. Any of that is always part of the calculus.
Tom Fanning: Well, Michel has already in. At 2014 we are looking at anywhere 200 to 225, but when you look at 2015, it’s would certain impact some of our assets and it will impact some of our match compliance. So I don’t have a number to share with you, but it could dramatically impact the financing that we do from a cash flow perspective. The other side of that sword is the fact that it reduces rate based growth. So they are good and bad associated with bonus depreciation.
Tom Fanning: Yeah, so we are involved. I chair for the industry and that’s not IOUs, that includes co-ops and municipal utilities, it’s called the ESCC, the Electricity Sector Coordinating council. You may know that under the Department of Homeland & Security they have cut commerce in the United States, they segmented it into 16 pieces if you will. And so our sector is one of the 16 so I chair that electricity sector coordination council. And we are responsible essentially for proactive planning and adaptive responses to all things cyber, physical terrorism and natural disasters. And some of the things you suggest are absolutely part of our purview and there is quite a bit of activity going on. And in fact the government I think you can look this up. They government has held the electricity sector up as -- I think the best sector in terms of preparedness and response to different threats. Lot of different things we could go into here. You know that we have been involved in response to the kind of request for additional physical security updates. So this kind of interrogatories back and forth between NERC. The cyber issue you may know that we have adopted a single kind of cyber threat regime, a set of software that’s kind of under the offices of the government which we will be able to detect anamolies within electronic commerce, servers other things. Access those anamolies and then be able to piece together information around the potential for threats and the best way to either protect or respond to a current threat. All of that is going on right now and I would say on the third sector this response of natural disaster CEO of AEP great friend of mine, great guys have been leading an effort in the industry to meet together a more effective response from what they call RMAX regional mutual assistance groups. We actually I thin performed well with Hurricane Sandy, but I think even now we will perform better and I think we are much better suited from a comprehensive storm to be able to respond great. So I would be glad to fill it up, with a lot more details, but that’s the quick flyby. The ESCC govern cyber terrorism, physical terrorism, natural disasters. We work hand in glove with the department of homeland security through the department of energy. We have I think unique among all the other industries deep CEO participation. This is nothing that delegated down. And I think we've already demonstrated, I think really good plan and responsive to threat.
Tom Fanning: Videla, that changes based on each company. Each company is going to have a different kind of response to that question. So if you have somebody in mind, it’s much better for you to ask them than me. Let me just give you the aggregate answer. The amount of money that we’re talking about pale in comparison to the benefit. As an industry, we have always been committed to providing the best reliability and we understand that the United States is in a new era. And we all understand that not only responding to but being proactive to defend ourselves against these threats is job one for us. So, yes, it’s going to require some more money, but I think the cost pales in comparison to the benefit.
Tom Fanning: That’s a very interesting question. My quick answer is probably not, not really. I think we are where we have been. We've always been very consistent in our love of the integrated regulated utility model. We always think that we generate the best long-term value for shareholders by providing the best risk-adjusted returns around. We think that our jurisdiction have demonstrated that we can deliver attractive returns with low-risk profiles and therefore from an EVA sense deliver I think a terrific value proposition. For us to undertake M&A activity we have to be convinced in the long run that we can preserve that kind of performance. That’s just a big challenge. When you look around, the expression also don't chase fads. A lot of companies will pursue things in the short run. We really are focused on the long run. So we don't get kind of dazzled by short-term trends, we tried to keep our eye on the right long star here.
Tom Fanning: Yeah. And Andy, thank you for the question. You all know this we’re completely transparent, we love question. Anything you want to ask is fully fair game, so never apologize. The second thing is we think CBI is a great partner in this project. We think the performance frankly off the project. The challenges have been redo some states comment. And I meet periodically with Philip Asherman, their CEO back. In fact, Buzz Miller and will flew to Houston two weeks ago to meet with them. Just go eye to eye on certain issues. We do that all the time. And frankly, I think this week we’re meeting with Westinghouse and Toshiba personnel and DC. So, this is something that we do as an ongoing matter. This is not constructing plant Vogtle 3 and 4, in many respects, it’s not a delegated activity. But Buzz Miller certainly does a great job, but we’re all involved. With respect of any challenges that CBI had recently that have been in the press look the right people that I ask about that is CBI. We can't speak for them at all and we do look at their earnings call and at least from our position in terms of the interrelationship, we have on plant Vogtle 3 and 4. We think they have fully explained that to the investment community and we are very satisfied with their relationship in the consumer channel and their relationship to us.
Tom Fanning: Yeah. If I do that real quick, I would say and it just goes back. Dan, maybe you miss the reading on the script. CA05 September, CA01 late fourth quarter or early first quarter next year, Elevation 100 concrete pour near year end.
Tom Fanning: Tax perspective, from a mix bonus depreciation perspective will be the combined cycle by putting it in service -- for bill. They push is bonus depreciation into 2015 as well. So we just have to wait. That probably wouldn’t happen until later this year. But we really don't want to get into all the details of that because we don't want to front run the regulatory discussions going on.
Tom Fanning: And your roundtable, economic roundtable seems to suggest that people were bullish about prospects going forward. So we expect it to continue.
Tom Fanning: Yeah. It’s going directly in line with what we expected. We’ve added 13,300 residential customers since the end of last year. If you look at a year-over-year it's right at 25,000. So it is going directly in line with our expectations for the year.
Tom Fanning: Yeah. Just want to say thank you again for participating with us this afternoon. The team here is working hard to generate value by continuing the attractive returns that we’re able to demonstrate and manage risk, especially in our major projects as we go forward. We appreciate your attendance and will be with you shortly as we hit the road as we always do. Thank you very much.
Art Beattie: Yes, Steve, they have that process ongoing. There were bids that were made. I think it was late April. There will be a short-list notification sometime in the middle of August and then a final -- the final selection, I guess, would be mid October of this year. And we’ll know by then, I guess, whether Southern Power or Georgia Power will be either in the short-list or the final list by the October call.
Art Beattie: Well, we continue to look at that, Anthony. We’ve got a process whereby we evaluate every deal on its own. There is not a one-size fits all approach here. We look at the terms and conditions around whatever they maybe, the offtaker, where the project is located, whether there is any other legal risk associated with the contracts within the states that we’re looking at. And we’ll adjust our hurdle rates based on those. But I’m not going to comment on any kind of return number that we look at because it varies honestly with every project we did.
Art Beattie: Yeah. On the -- if we look at ‘14, total retail sales, we expect it to be up 0.7% over 2013 level. And then beyond that, it really is around 1% to maybe a little stronger than that. That’s a function of how fast the economy grows in the ‘15, ‘16 timeframe.
Art Beattie: Yeah. Ali, what we talked about is issuing about $600 million of new equity this year. And through June, we’ve issued $331 million. So we’re well on track to hit our target. And our target hasn’t changed.
Art Beattie: Michael, this is Art. Georgia completed their rate case last year, right. So they are good through 2016 from a new rate filing perspective. And when you look at Gulf, Gulf power miss a -- well they filed the rate case last year that was settled. They are going through 2016 as well. Alabama as you know has filings every year and there will file hat something in the fall so you would need to look at their as to what particular filing would have. There are also clauses at some of our operating companies that could operate as well. Alabama being one of those. You also have fuel issues at each of our operating companies .Right now systems wide we are 283 million underrecovered on fuel and some of our companies have had to file with their regulatory bodies just as information not necessarily for a change in rate, but some of them maybe dealt, with some of them maybe pushed out. And then Mississippi I believe is good through 2025-$016 as well from their PEP filings. So it varies but o think to a large degree al of those are pretty well settled. Alabama be in the annual filing that you would have to each year.
Art Beattie: Yeah. Dan, this is Art. CA05, I think we get dressed in the script that we talked about this morning and we’re looking at like it was September. Before CA05, that what we did comment there was, is out of the module assembly building but it is a waiting. It’s going under further modifications but it will be lifted sometime within the next month or two into the nuclear island. But setting the containment vessel lower ring, those are already complete and ready to go. They're going to probably do that after they insert CA05, so again, from a timing perspective, it sometime probably September. And then the cooling tower vertical construction, I guess on unit 3. I'm guessing Dan, and this is sometime in the next four months. But Dan, that really is not what we would call critical path. Critical path is all in the nuclear island. In terms of unit four, again module fabrication has just begun on their major module. The nuclear wall installation will continue and by the way we’re making great progress on unit four. If you compare activities, we’re learning a lot of lessons from our construction in unit 3 and applying them on unit 4. And then the turbine building vertical construction is certainly not critical path either on unit 4 but it is going very well and you'll see steel come up out of the ground, probably sometime late this year.
Art Beattie: Hey Dan, those are the same. And it’s moved out a bit again. It’s getting ready, doing a lot of the milestones ahead of that, like airflow testing and making sure the lignite dryers work like they are designed to do. So there are test all along of the way with equipment that Tom describes earlier in the call. But the pressure test on Train A took a couple of three weeks or whatever the pressure on Train B went very quickly. So we’re very gratified with our progress so far.
Art Beattie: I’ll catch you up. Yeah. It was broad based, you look at our top 10 industrial segments, all of them show growth most of the quarter and year-to-date period. Chemicals, our largest segment, was up 5.4% for the quarter. Primary metals are second largest was up 3.5%. So it’s been very broad based and you think geographically it was across our entire footprint. All the operating companies participated in the growth and expansion on the industrial side.
Art Beattie: Yes, one other element that you may have missed, Dan, was that we also survey our top customers, about what their sales going to be over the next six months and 90% of the risk today through 2014. So that’s a very bullish indicator to me that they’re expecting similar sales of their products into the market.
