Thomas A. Fanning: Thanks, Art. In closing, let me reiterate that our business model, priorities, and financial objectives remain in place for 2012. We are well positioned to continue providing exceptional customer value, which should translate into exceptional shareholder value in the form of reasonable EPS growth, with an attractive dividend yield, at one of the lowest risk profiles in the industry. Despite the uncertainties that remain, we are confident in our ability to navigate the challenges of 2012 in much the same way that we have navigated the challenges of 2011, by staying true to our fundamentals and delivering on our commitment to customers, employees, communities, and shareholders.  At this point, we are ready to take your questions. So operator, we will now take the first question.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, I think we need to get clarity on the proposed rule. And from time to time, we move from proposed rule to final rule to published rule. I think haven't [ph] we seen in cross states that from final rule to published rule, things can change. So we still wait with a lot of interest to see what the published rule will be. And like I said, we're going to have to go through with the stage and just -- and all the people we mentioned that kind of fully assess. Because remember, this is not some academic exercise. What happens here when you start talking about changing out plans and retiring or mothballing some or converting some, you're impacting tax base of local communities, you're impacting unemployment in largely rural areas, you're impacting real income of people out there. These are not bloodless decisions. These are things we take very seriously when we think about how we engage with customers on a day-to-day basis. Look, the time frame varies from state-to-state. You know that we deal in Georgia and Alabama and Mississippi and Northern Florida. So each state will have it's own process and own timeline to go through. It's hard to say, in kind of a general statement, what that might be.
Thomas A. Fanning: That's generally correct. The more CapEx we spend, the higher you are up [ph] in the range. And of course, there are other factors too, right? But that's a reasonable way to think about it.
Thomas A. Fanning: Let me just add in a different way too. It's a very important point we raise right here. It's one thing to say your CapEx budget is going to be influenced by MACT, by CSAPR, what you really have to do and what we've been consistent about arguing about here is that the whole litany of cascading regulations coming out of the EPA will have some bear on what our CapEx, and ultimately, our generation and transmission expansion plans ultimately will look like. So we could make estimates on that. So we can make estimates on CSAPR, but ultimately, it's the whole consequence of what's happening with ash and 316B and a variety of other things. The other thing that I think we should point out here, too, CSAPR, cross state rule, has never been all that important on its own for Southern. In other words, we would handle that mostly through our dispatch, and it would show up in energy as opposed to capital.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes, [indiscernible] we've seen unemployment tick down, in December, particularly in the Southeast, about 0.5% round numbers in the Southeast. So it looks like jobs are starting to be created. We do a survey, companies that are going to either, there are kind of 3 states in nature, increased hiring, keep hiring constant or decrease hiring. Some time ago, it was 1/3, 1/3, 1/3 among those 3. And the Atlanta Fed now projects that it's about 45% round numbers, 45% it will increase hiring, 45% it will keep it constant and then 10% that will decrease hiring. So we're starting to see signals. The other things we've talked about are all coming to fruition. Everything we've suggested in the past about economic development is, in fact, happening. So as we start to see these expansions at Chevron or at Austal, or at Mercedes, or at Kia, or at Gulfstream, those things are happening and they will generate jobs as they come to fruition.
Thomas A. Fanning: And you know -- everybody knows that we do our estimates on weather-normal basis, so any comparison will just be...
Thomas A. Fanning: Sure. I mean, the question of is there a tail in our estimates that would drive us one way or another, that's absolutely right. Now we've got to figure out how likely that is, I guess that's the key. But obviously, when you think about it, if you look at – and help me out with the numbers here -- 1% change in sales is worth about $120 million -- I'm looking here real quick, $120 revenue, something like that. And so if we project $1.3 million, so if we get up to $2.3 million, you're up that much, right? If essentially sales are flat, you're down that low. What we've been able to do is just kind of manage our systems to adjust to the normal variables. That's how we've been able to be very consistent over time. For example, weather. For example, changes in the economy. For example, what's going to happen with commodities? One of the stories I think that's interesting in our industry over the past year has been what's going on with natural gas. Southern Power, obviously, has benefited from that. What's going to happen with oil prices in the Strait of Hormuz? And what's going to happen therefor to the weight of oil in the economy? What’s going to happen with Europe? What's going to happen with our ability to generate real job growth and sustain the growth of the economy in light of this fog that Art metaphorically spoke for? But hopefully, kind of this notion of tail risk is kind of that plus or minus 1%, $120 million, with our ability to manage our business to accommodate those changes? Greg, over the years, we've been pretty good at both managing our business to fit within the variables that we normally face and providing the best operations arguably in the industry for the benefit of our customers.
Thomas A. Fanning: No. I think if you just look at weather compared to normal in past 2 years. Remember, we're weather normal; it's the way we estimate. You had big weather 2 years ago, good weather, I mean, positive for the last year.
Thomas A. Fanning: And if you go back, I'm interested in your comment about the context of earnings growth. That's why we show these charts that say we started with 2010, 230 to 236, and we grow at 7% and 5%, and we explained why we thought we will be higher in '11, sure enough we were, and we explained why we think we're in the top half roughly in '12. One of the benefits of the way we run our business is that we provide a business, I think, that provides a regular predictable, sustainable growth and earnings per share. That's been our history, and I hope it will continue to be our history. There's nothing -- there's no lack of transparency in, I think, our assumption of the economy.
Thomas A. Fanning: Sure. Strategy remains the same, really, for any of these issues that are in front of us; and that is to represent the interest of our customers, to provide the cleanest, most reliable most economically sensible product available. And so therefore, we will engage constructively in any front that represents the interest of our customers, whether that's a regulatory issue, a legislative issues or litigation, if necessary.
Thomas A. Fanning: Sure. I mean, there always is. If the question is if there's a scenario, the answer is yes. But you have to assess kind of the fact that the situation at hand and what the issues are.
Thomas A. Fanning: And remember, that's the difference, is what clears in the rate base and what's spending before that.
Thomas A. Fanning: Certainly, it could. I mean, we believe that -- for, example, ash -- coal ash should not be classified as a hazardous waste. To the extent it was, that certainly would change our thinking on what our portfolio looks like.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, what we've said about ash and 316B, I think, is that we're looking at 3-year CapEx about $1.6 billion. And I think our assumption there is that it is...
Thomas A. Fanning: Non-hazardous. Hazardous designation would change the game of energy supply in America in a really dramatic way.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes, and if we were using 2010 as a base, it's still 5% to 7%. All we're doing is the guidance we're giving you is in the top half roughly of the range that we've laid out here for 2 years.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes. [indiscernible] I said was imminent. It's any day now. I know we're all impatient on getting this COL, but you got to remember this whole process undertaken by the NRC has been really thorough, it's been thoughtful. It's had the participation of all the different constituents that have an interest and whether or not nuclear is built in America. This thing all works to all our benefit. So getting it right and having everybody satisfied, dotting every I and crossing every T, at the end of the day is a good thing. Because we've got a lots of years ahead of us and lots of money to spend, so we all are impatient to get it, but I think it's actually a good thing at the end of the day.
Thomas A. Fanning: But Angie, I mean, that's a good point. Look, industrial activity creates jobs; jobs create opportunities for people to move in. It unlocks the housing sector, and that creates more activity in stone, clay, glass and building materials and a variety of other things. So it primes the pump to restart the engine. Our belief is, that we'll just start seeing the jobs and, in fact, this whole process will start to regenerate. The key, I guess, is housing, at the end of day. That's something that we look for very closely in all our statistics.
Thomas A. Fanning: And I think if you look at our longer-term trend, don't go year-to-year, if you went back 3 years, 4 years, I think our number's around 2.8%.
Thomas A. Fanning: It's hard to mention that, in the good old days, back when I was CFO, we had something like, growth of like 50,000 customers a year. Our number this year, we're projecting like 15,000, round numbers. And customers were flat last year or have even -- some people had slightly negative. Remember, we had these enormous tornadoes go through Alabama, for example, that have devastated a lot of dwelling. And so, we had some effect, you've got to kind of look through those numbers to see what was the tornado effect. But anyway, so 15,000 is kind of what we're expecting out of a normal number of 50,000, but we certainly haven't been there in a couple of years.
Thomas A. Fanning: That's an interesting question. I suppose, normally, what you have seen with Southern is variability. Remember, we went through all of these other factors. It's not just economic growth, it's weather and a variety of other things, right? If you saw sustained low-economic growth, likely that would have some impact on the stress on your system and a variety of other things. In other words, you're not running your plants as hard, you're not having to stress on the wires part of the business, et cetera. So there is some correlation, if you will, between a slowing economy and a slowing O&M spend rate, number one. Number two, the folks that run our business that make, move and sell electricity, do a terrific job in thinking about the optionality of best bang for the buck with every dollar they spend on their base level of expenditure. And then they have very clear ideas as revenues start to appear with the variability of weather, where they spend it and where we get the best bang for the buck. The truth in that shows up in operating statistics, our industry-leading EFOR, our now more than 10-year trajectory of great performance in our transmission and distribution business. My sense is, Jonathan, through the period, I think we can handle, within the range that we've given you, a sustained very low-growth economy. Where wouldn't we, if that's your question. Where...
Thomas A. Fanning: I don't know. So how much of the low end of the range? The low end of the range will be hit if you have bad economic growth, milder weather and low CapEx. That's kind of how you get there. To the extent CapEx picks up, to the extent you have better weather, you're going to be in a different spot.
Thomas A. Fanning: This is fun. I love this stuff. So we argue with each other all the time what's going on here, and we had used in the past a relationship -- it has really born its math. It carries its water as a theory. But that you should look at electricity sales as about 60% of GDP growth. Now what we've done here in our projections is use a number like 50%, not 60%. So we, in our normal conservative nature, backed off a little bit. But there's a very interesting development in our numbers. As we were peeling the onion, getting ready for this call, there is an interesting trend. If you look at usage, usage is flat among our customers, particularly in residential and commercial. And there is always this interesting question about, "What's the penetration of energy efficiency?" And yet usage was flat. One of the things that we're debating right now is this idea that the economy is actually getting more electrified, if you will. That as the economy grows, more and more of the energy share is going to electricity-driven technology. And I think you can see that with these beautiful plasma screen TVs and iPhones and iPads and all the other stuff we have. So that's kind of interesting. So what you may see is maybe some energy efficiency, certainly as you replace an air-conditioner, you got a more efficient air-conditioner. So I think you're seeing share of electricity as a part of GDP growth grow and some effect on either active or passive energy efficiency. So the relationship appears to be constant. But the components within the relationship appear to be changing. Fascinating stuff.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes, sure. Piece of cake. So let's kind of dive through that a bit. So of the 12,000-megawatt, those are our flagship unit, Bowen, Scherer, Miller, some are Wansley, some are Barry, et cetera. Those will vary. The maximum amount of baghouses I think we're considering right now is 17. As we suggested, there could be a variable nature of that. We may require less, which gives us the spread that we try to indicate to you, and please let me reinforce with the community out there, we're trying to give you the best estimate we can. There is still a significant amount of uncertainty there, okay, number one. Number two, when you think about the expansion plans going forward, remember that one of the advantages we have being in an integrated regulated market as opposed to the so-called organize markets or merchant markets, is that we are able to account for expansion planning as a portfolio, and we are able to iterate around optimal solutions between the types of generation and transmission solutions, and they are iterative. So when I think about what's in front of us here, remember, that some of our portfolio divisions have already been cast. That is 1,000 megawatts or so from Plant Vogtle units 3 and 4, McDonough, 2,500 megawatts or a little bit more. Georgia Power is out for a solicitation, marginally it's going to be gas, I think of around 1,500 megawatts. That's coming a little bit later. We have Kemper County in Mississippi, which is going to have an environmental signature better than or equivalent to natural gas, 582 megawatts. Remember some time ago we moved Plant Miller, one of the greatest coal plants in America in terms of efficiency and cost profile to our customers into -- moved it away from wholesale into retail. So Alabama is pretty well spoken for. So those decisions have already been made, so what you're talking about is really decisions around the margin. In other words, shutting down, mothballing, whatever the right word is, 4,000-megawatt, that kind of appears to be a dominant solution right now. We'll see. And then of the 3,200 megawatts we talked about, in more specificity, what we have said is, likely candidates for that are: older, smaller, coal units that currently don't have SCRs or scrubbers that will be converted into rather high heat rate units like 10,000 to 11,000 heat-rate gas-fired units. Would we do more of that? No. That's about the right level, I think. And there's not a lot of future bandwidths for variability in how we had to the system going forward. There's going to be some around the edges, but I wouldn't expect big changes. As I suggested to you, we're already committed on a portfolio that we think meets all the needs of our customers in a clean, effective, low-cost way.
Thomas A. Fanning: In my opinion, either the delay, whatever, of the COL, the reason we haven't gotten it -- it's imminent at any day, whatever you believe about that, that shouldn't be concerning at all. In the bigger scope of things, like I said before, I think I applaud the process we've gone through. Do I wish it's gone quicker? Sure, but I think given the scope, given the timeframe, I think you're kind of quibbling around the edges here. I think it's more important to get it right and have all the parties involved either completed satisfied, and that's where we are. Recall, too, that the process that we follow in building Vogtle 3 and 4 is a commercial relationship between us and the consortium that is Toshiba, Westinghouse, Shaw. Recall, too, that we have a very transparent relationship with our commission, independent evaluator, the staff, the PSC itself. And recall, too, that from the time the plant was originally certified, we have delivered to the customers of Georgia Power company over $1 billion of incremental value. Remember and recall that it takes kind of 4 forms. One is, the fact that we had a variable contract, and we fixed portions of that contract, and you can look at our disclosure because otherwise it's protected under our commercial agreement. Secondly, that we got loan guarantees. Third, that we got CWIP that will inure to the benefit of our customers by about $300 million. And fourth, CWIP -- production tax credit, that's the other one. And I even think we're reasonably conservative there because remember the production tax credit amount was dependent upon how many nuclear projects were going to get built. Well, it's often SCANA it looks like. So I think our estimate there is conservative. So when we say that we've delivered over $1 billion of value and you do recall that, that is part of the testimony in the August proceedings in front of the Georgia Public Service Commission, I think we're in great shape. I think the Vogtle project Units 3 and 4 are going to deliver tremendous value and I think that is shared by the people in the state of Georgia.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes, but I mean, okay, look, it's a 10-year project and the delay has been about a month. Remember the DCD was real important. We got 5-0 vote on the design. I wouldn't attach a lot of angst to the delay of the COL. We still have -- we've been able to work through the LWAB. Remember we put in the LWAA, and we still have 1,000 people or more on-site, they're doing productive work. We have been able to work within those structures in order to be efficient and effective. Recall, too, we talked about, when we say that all thresholds are achievable, that is in relation to cost and schedule. We have flexibility going forward. How we decide to execute that flexibility in some respects is a commercial matter between us and a consortium and us and our regulators. So I wouldn't personally feel angst about where we are right now. I actually think that the project is doing great.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes, I'm sorry, was that responsive? Can I hit anything else specific? We have milestones, yes, you mentioned milestone. One of the things that will be interesting as we go forward will be the development of what they call ITAACS. It's an acronym for some I-T-A-A-C-S and I never remember what that stands for. But what those are, are tests that will be developed around the systems of each of the units as we go forward, there'll be hundreds of them. So it's almost like as you're building a house. You want to test the AC system. You want to test the kitchen. You want to test the -- and so, there will be several of those going forward. And one of the challenges that we have said to ourselves in our -- and we meet regularly on this project, is to be able to talk about developing the threshold to talk about clumps maybe of systems as we go through them to let you know how progress is occurring. I think it's a very fair question. We need to kind of give you better clarity going forward. We'll work on that.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes, and as I said, having been CFO at Georgia, you'd make an estimate, a forward estimate of the 3-year period essentially, and then you essentially count your rate base going forward every 3 years and it's an accounting order. The commission has shown in the past -- has shown a great deal of constructive thought as to how to recognize that over time, and we've been reasonably flexible over time. So there's a contemplation as to what it might be. To the extent there's a variance, there will be an AFUDC accrual, there will be a deferral in rate, it'll be captured in the next 3-year accounting order. Recall, too, that we have never lost $1 of expenditure associated with environmental.
Thomas A. Fanning: But, you know, it's so fascinating. So John Row [ph] and I got into this at one time. Southern Company benefits by low-energy prices. It's good for our customers; it's good for our us. We pass through the benefits of the lowest land [ph] that we can offer. And to the extent gas prices remain low, that is great for us and great for our customers.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes, you bet. I'd give you – [indiscernible] tag-team there but, Southern Power did better than we expected, significantly in 2011 as a result of that. Their energy margins were substantially higher. And we have designed that company to be gas-fired in the Southeast, and so as there are issues relating to retirement of assets in the Southeast and gas becomes a dominant solution, the ability for Southern Power to sustain its performance on energy margins and grow more, they have a lot of expandability on their site. We think it plays right into their strike zone.
Thomas A. Fanning: So in 2010 and for the year, we were 47% capacity factor. In '11, we're 57% and if you just want to look at trends in the fourth quarter, it was 65%.
Thomas A. Fanning: It'd be lower everything. I mean, however it is, it's hard to -- you don't want to ever get in the business of tracing dollars. If we were substantially lower than what we're projecting, so we're projecting $18.4 billion over 3 years. I mean, I don't know what number would have to be to fall out. We described mild weather. We described no growth in the economy. We described less CapEx. That's kind of how you get there.
Thomas A. Fanning: Southern Power benefits from lower commodities. Remember the way we structured their contracts. We have this very kind of well-developed notion here that risk matters as much as return in creating value. And so, when we thought about at the inception of Southern Power, we set up on a set of contracts that served us very well over time. That is, for any contract they enter into, it really has 2 segments. One segment deals with return on brick-and-mortar investment, and which is known over time through the length of the contract. The other deals with largely energy win, and largely that's a fuel pass-through to the customers. So when you think about the economic model of their contract business, it was very much like an integrated regulated utility. Okay? They do have the ability to earn some margins above what we projected in the base case should we sustain this low-commodity environment. That's what happened in '11.
Thomas A. Fanning: Gosh, I hope we didn't confused people. If you go to the original projection we gave you on 5% to 7%, it was based off of 2010 and, in fact, we are exactly there. We haven't deviated a bit. When you look now at '12, so just from '10 to '11 to '12, if you use '12 as a new base instead of '10, we are projecting guidance in the top half of that range. So the math of staying within that range -- so if we're in the top half of the range, the top remains 7%. If you want to go to the bottom side of the range, 5% goes to 4% because we're in the top half. It is exactly where we've been, it just uses a different base.
Thomas A. Fanning: No, not at all. In fact, I would argue there's incremental benefit. If you go to the slide in the package, you have a wonderful picture of what I'm talking about. Let me just say it a different way. The math is -- we are exactly where we said we would be way back in 2010, except that, because we're starting the top half of that cone of uncertainty, we may be in the near term better off.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, from the time you get a proposed rule to a final rule, you think you kind of know where you are. But from the final rule to the printed rule, to the published rule, there could be some minor tweaks. We saw that in CrossSstate. So I can't sit here and tell you today that what has been put forth as the final rule, until it is finally published, is going to be, in fact, the same.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, I mean, if you ask Energy Future Holdings where Texas became part of the printed rule under Cross State, it was major to them, it wasn't major to us. It just depends on what the tweaks might be.
Thomas A. Fanning: And Paul, one more thing, if I could just add to people. There is still uncertainty in the final rule. For example, in the startup and shutdown, there's all kinds of language in there about standard work practices and a variety of other things. Really understanding what that means will have some bearing on compliance. So there still needs to be clarity even though we have a final rule.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes, yes. If you recall the tornadoes that went through Tuscaloosa, that was a big deal. And I think one of the dynamics in housing that we're looking for, a normal unsold housing inventory in our area would be around 2%, 3%, 2%, 4%. We're kind of 3.5% right now in the Southeast. So what we got to do is make sure that we eat into that inventory over time.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes, yes. It's people moving out of apartments into homes. So usage goes ways up, but that's really just a factor of more homes getting occupied.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes, we've been pretty consistent with this and I'm sorry I'm going to be a little vague just because we don't know yet, it depends on what state you're in and all that. But what we have said is that after all of these expenditures cleared in service, you're talking about 10% to 20% across the United States, depending on where you live.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes, we'll get you that in a sec. And when I gave you that 10% to 20% remember, I go back to something I said earlier. It's always hard to point out one rule. You really have to look at the consequence of all rules and the change in your generation and transmission expansion plans and the whole bit. All of that has to be taken into account.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes. I mean, if you just do 7% to 8% per year and it's a little lumpy. So yes. Round numbers, you're right.
Thomas A. Fanning: So there's -- I don't know. It would clear after in service. So a lot of the environmental will clear in service after '14. So we'll be having AFUDC and a variety of other things. But in terms of rate base growth, which is a different question, that will clear when it goes into service. So a lot of that would be after '14.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, I wouldn't think about it that way. I mean, let's -- at a practical matter, when you look at Southern Company, you go operating cash, less dividends, you look at CapEx, we kind of look cash flow negative, but that's because we're growing. We're getting AFU -- I mean, we getting CWIP on Vogtle. We're getting CWIP on Kemper County Plant Ratcliffe. So either it's been contemplated in a forward mechanism, so that would be Georgia, or in Alabama and in Mississippi, we have annual mechanisms, which capture this stuff and those are forward-looking. So it depends on what jurisdiction you're talking about. But they generally self-regulate. In other words, to the extent you spend more in Alabama, the next series of RSE would pick it up.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, as you grow assets, you're going to grow some O&M and you're also going to have shares involved, right? More shares supporting it, that drags down -- the relationship between adding assets to rate base is always a function of how much more O&M do you have, you have more depreciation as a result of more assets, but you have more shares supporting the mix of capital supporting every dollar of investment. So you can't just say that a 9% rate base growth equates to 9% EPS.
Thomas A. Fanning: No, no, no. It's not earned ROEs. It's the revenue requirement calculation on any investment. That really is constant. So if you -- go ahead, Art.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes, there's no, we're not missing anything, anywhere. In fact, if you think about it, if you contemplate Georgia's structure as a 3-year forward look when it's put into place, so it renews itself every 3 years to the extent you miss your projection, it's deferred and you earn AFUDC on it. Alabama is forward-looking and adjusts annually, [indiscernible] is forward-looking and adjusts annually. I guess the only other one you would think about is Gulf, Gulf's in the middle of a rate case.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes, Ashar, it hasn't changed. This has been the relationship at Southern. Go back and look at our rate base growth over time, we'll be glad to kind of take you off-line and go through the numbers. But our rate base growth has always exceeded our earnings per share growth for a variety reasons that we talked about, depreciation, shares, a variety of other things other than that. We'll be glad to take you through that. There's nothing changing in Southern. This is a constant relationship.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes, what we would have said is 5% to 7%. You're reflecting the fact that we're in the top half of that range. I mean, conceivably you could go there, but we're conservative. We like to have enough spread to accommodate a challenged economy, worries about Europe, a variety of other things. But yes, I mean, you're catching the point. If you start with '10, we are at 5% to 7%. And we're in the top half, that's where you come up with 6% to 7%. All we're trying to do is just use a more recent base.
Thomas A. Fanning: No, we just want to thank everybody. I know this was a long call, but we always respect the fact that you guys are interested enough to call in and listen to our story, and we thank you for your interest. And hopefully, you found the time valuable. I know we did. Thanks very much.
Art P. Beattie: The base CapEx includes projects that most of which are currently ongoing. I believe the Daniel scrubber might be in that particular project, but when you talk about CSAPR, most of the -- we'll address most of the CSAPR issues through the MAT compliance. So you won’t have a whole lot of extra stuff on top of what we're doing for MATS to comply with CSAPR.
Art P. Beattie: Well, we're looking on a lot of uncertainty out there, Brian. One of the economists in our economic roundtable group kind of described it as fog on the road and there's not a whole lot of clarity out there. And when there's fog of the road, people either drive a lot slower or they don't drive at all. And so with that uncertainty and the range of GDP estimates you have out there, I think that's kind of describing the outlook we have. So it's cautious on our regard. There are still risks out there. But the data, economic data, we've seen here of late is on the positive side so...
Art P. Beattie: I think, another thing Greg, if you look at weather-normal sales growth in residential commercial, we've had basically flat growth for 2 years now. So our estimates about economic growth continuing there are still kind of tentative. We're still waiting for that to catch and start moving northwards, so we've estimated increase in sales again this year not quite as robust as we did last year. But we were able to offset that loss with what Tom just mentioned, some positive weather.
Art P. Beattie: Yes, Ali, this is Art. Roughly, about 7%, but remember, that that's a lumpy growth as plants go into service. So you'll see fits and starts there. But on average, about 7% will run.
Art P. Beattie: Probably, that would be on top of that, but it's further out. Remember those projects won't go into service until after the 2014 time line we've outlined for you.
Art P. Beattie: It's really tied to the economy. Yes, and I wouldn't denote it as a reduction in the earnings growth rate. If you look of the slide, it actually still outlines the same cone of growth that we expected. before. So the 4% at the bottom, yes, you might justify it based on some combination of scenarios that work against you, but it's still no different than what we outlined a year ago.
Art P. Beattie: Yes, Andy, I don't have the specifics of what we're assuming. But we take generally the input off of what we get from the economic advisers to us. They maybe may be a little higher than what the Fed kind of forecasted out today, but we can call you back and get you that number.
Art P. Beattie: Angie, this is Art. What we are assuming there is, as we mentioned in our script, I believe that job growth would begin. It wouldn't be a lot to alleviate the unemployment situation, but enough to stimulate growth in both our residential and our commercial areas. Tom alluded to an Atlanta Fed survey where CEOs of companies around the Southeast are now indicating that more of them are in a hiring position than they were 6 months ago. These are all indicators that we have that will lead to more job growth, more household growth, create increases in customers on both residential and commercial side.
Art P. Beattie: Well, there's lots of factors there. And [ph] migration is still continuing. but it has slightly dropped since the recession. So we continue to look at those and try to evaluate what it really means for us as we move forward.
Art P. Beattie: Yes, Angie, in 2010, you remember we had a lot of weather-related revenue, and we spent a lot of that money in the fourth quarter of 2010 doing extra maintenance. We actually pulled some outages out of 2011 into 2010. And so when you do a year-over-year comparison, O&M went down. But that ability to do that, to fix the roof when the sun's out actually gives -- puts us in great shape to be more flexible on O&M as we move forward into 2012.
Art P. Beattie: All right, good question. I think the assumptions we have for bonus depreciation, assuming the 50% level, are $450 million to $600 million. And if we were to get the extra bump, we’d pick up somewhere around $300 million to $400 million more, and that's just kind of rough numbers.
Art P. Beattie: I don't have anything on '13, but it be more, and our ability to actually use it. So -- and the effect on equity would certainly reduce the effects, but we'd have to manage that as we move through time.
Art P. Beattie: Yes, Jim. We actually had flat customer growth last year, which is again reflective of our results in the residential and commercial side. We're expecting about 14,000 customer growth in 2012. And that again reflects the assumptions we are making on job growth within those particular areas.
Art P. Beattie: Right, it depends on how it's spread, Michael. If you do it across all classes, it's about $98 million in revenue and if you assume that you don't mitigate it in some way in your spending side, then it would be about $0.075.
Art P. Beattie: Well, they're covered within the 3-year rate hearings that are normally -- that Georgia Power has been going through for the last 4 or 5 processes. They'll defer them if they're not covered in the last rate case until the next rate case. So if they're under construction or if they've been approved for construction, then they'll collect AFUDC and that will be the normal accounting process.
Art P. Beattie: Leslie, this is Art. If you look at the balance of unrecovered fuel around the system, I guess Georgia's got the biggest balance at $130 million or so, $137 million under recovered, and to the degree their benefit from increased gas burn, that balance will be mitigated sooner than they expected. So -- but no word yet on when that fuel rate will change for customers. Mississippi, actually, they're commission approved a fuel rate reduction this month, a few weeks ago, that will begin in April, I believe, about $22 million. Alabama has under recovered about $31 million, so I wouldn't expect anything immediately there and Gulf has actually over recovered about $10 million. So it just depends on the company and when the -- what the balance is and when the commission will take action on it.
Art P. Beattie: Yes. And Leslie, if you look at capacity factor of Southern Power's combined-cycle units, they were up 10% year-over-year. And if you look at the capacity factor in the fourth quarter, I believe some of them were up in the 70, mid-70 range.
Art P. Beattie: Well, the base environmental is on this slide, I believe, and it's about $1.5 billion over the next 3 years. But it would include the completion of projects that are under construction now. I believe a lot of those are in Georgia and some in Mississippi as well.
Art P. Beattie: The forward-looking rate mechanism address a lot of that. As it goes into rate base, it's either -- it's picked up by rate mechanisms and it's earned upon.
