Thomas A. Fanning: Thanks, Art. In closing, I'd like to share with you some exciting news we had just last week. As I've said many times, a critical component of any common sense national energy policy is pursuing energy innovation through investments in research and development. Southern Company continues to lead in this area, particularly with our development of 21st century coal technology, which is already being implemented in China and it's scheduled to make its debut in the United States in 2014 at Plant Ratcliffe in Kemper County, Mississippi. This proprietary technology, known as TRIG or transport integrated gasification, is now ready to be offered all around the globe, allowing for low-carbon generation using an affordable, abundant resource. Toward that end, we have announced an alliance with KBR to market TRIG technology worldwide. More than 1/2 of the world's existing coal reserves consists of low-rank coal, such as lignite and sub-bituminous coal, the very types of fuel that TRIG was developed to utilize. While leveraging this technology, we can preserve coal as an energy resource and ensure that more customers have access to clean, safe, reliable and affordable electricity. It's just one of the more -- it's just one more example of Southern Company's long standing industry-leading commitment to energy innovation, which continues to reap benefits for customers and shareholders alike. At this point, we are ready to take your questions. So operator, we'll now take the first question.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, that's really it, Dan. I mean I think we've tried to call it as we see it. We started out the year like gangbusters. We're meeting many of our annual goals in the first half of the year, and then we started seeing things start to slow down. And we've kind of changed our tone from being cautiously optimistic to being just plain cautious. It does appear -- and this is not a Southern Company issue -- this appears to be a United States economy issue. That during the third quarter, largely because of uncertainty, we're just seeing the economy kind of come to a halt. This morning on Bloomberg, there was an analyst from BlackRock who called this out. We just saw from NAM, the National Association of Manufacturers, they said the #1 issue facing manufacturers today is uncertainty in the economic climate. That's why we wanted to show you this kind of uncertainty index. It's a fascinating issue. When you look at the number and magnitude of issues that need to be resolved, it's really unprecedented in this nation's recent history. It is my firm belief that for the good of America, the policymakers in Washington will address these issues in a timely manner. And no matter who's elected, these are not Republican issues or Democrat issues, these are American issues. For the good of America, I believe that will happen. When you look at the quality of our backlog, so when we try and look through the numbers to find out what's out there, the quality of the backlog is as good as it's ever been. And so if we can just break through the logjam of resolving be the uncertainty, I believe the economic future and the continued recovery of the United States could occur.
Thomas A. Fanning: So we pride ourselves, Dan, on kind of providing lagniappe for these calls. We've done our own research on what's going on with efficiency and everything else. A trend that we have called out in the past has continued, and we are seeing actually the economy, at least here in the Southeast, get more and more electrified. And in fact, there is a small amount of energy efficiency weighing against the growth of electricity sales. And what we're seeing, if you strip out kind of exogenous factors, we're actually seeing per capita use of electricity grow. Now when you look at the number -- this is why you got to peel back and get information around the data -- we have seen, frankly, some -- and maybe we should cover this on the post call, but there have been some details that involve, really, accruals for unbilled revenue and unbilled sales around what were before typically estimated unbilled revenue compared to now as we switch over to this new digital age and the AMI meters, we're seeing a different process in estimating unbilled revenues. We think that may be largely responsible for the slight downward performance you see in residential. We believe that the real performance in residential sales is roughly flat.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, so we kind of build the budget assuming kind of 2 things for O&M. One is that we have normal inflation associated with the economy wages, et cetera. The other associates a growth in O&M associated with an increase in rate base, an increase in assets that must be maintenanced, if you will. Here again, when you peel the onion back on O&M for this year, I think the companies have done a beautiful job kind of managing performance relative to exogenous factors. If you just think about it for a minute, look at year-to-date weather this year versus last year. We're down $0.21. This has been one of the mildest years on record for Southern Company, a mild winter, a mild summer. Even for the third quarter year-over-year, we're down $0.07 on weather. Now when we look forward on O&M growth, you would expect to see something like 3% to 3.5% growth for the reasons I mentioned. And I think when you look year-over-year on O&M, we're essentially flat. So we've eaten up not only inflation, but also O&M associated with new assets. We will continue to monitor that, of course. We'll get into our earnings projections for 2013 in the January call.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, Angie, we'll cover that in the January call. That's what we always do. So key update, long-term earnings guidance once a year, and we'll do that in January. Just one comment on your statement. It is -- and I've tried to convey this so far on this call and really even in our remarks, but there is more uncertainty in the economic climate than we've seen in a while. Now, uncertainty is reflected in the uncertainty index and all the fiscal policy issues that need to be dealt with. Depending on how those get dealt with, obviously, we'll be able to be much more precise in our view of the economy. What we're trying to reflect right now is with the election, with the fiscal cliff, we have some challenges around the worldwide economy. It is less clear, more than ever. Hopefully by January, we'll get some sense as to how that is being resolved. And with respect to O&M, we'll just see. I wouldn't conclude, as you have, that perhaps we've used up our flexibility.
Thomas A. Fanning: Perfect. It's funny, we love our earnings calls, and we love preparing for them. I remember Jim von Riesemann asked me a question about why we were different than Edwardsport, and I went off on a soliloquy for 20 minutes. I'll resist the temptation to do that, but let me give you some headlines as to why we're different. Number one, this is our technology. We're not buying from a third party. Number two, you know that we are the only one in the industry with an engineering and construction services group of 1,600 people. We're able to self build this effort along with several main subcontractors, but this is our effort. And when you look at the fact that we've deployed, I guess, by the end of '13, $13 billion of the environmental equipment, we know how to build stuff. We think we're going to do, likewise, a great job here. Thirdly, remember that we're the only company engaged in proprietary research and development in a robust way in the industry, and the heartbeat of that effort is in our Wilsonville facility. We call it the PSDF, Power Systems Development Facility. We grew this technology and it really -- it evolved into some R&D that we started way back in the '60s with liquefaction. It is now gasification. We've run that thing for like, I forget how many man-hours, 50,000 man-hours or some enormous -- we have enormous experience running this technology with this fuel at that. So we actually imported fuel from that site to run through our PSDF facility. So for a variety of reasons, we think we're going to be in very good shape to fulfill the promise of this for the benefit of the customers in Mississippi Power.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, so we just filed once, so we do it every 6 months, right? And so the next one will be February, yes. So you'll see then. All the numbers look really good right now, and we've been helped by some good luck. I mean, let's be clear. When we think about this $2 billion of additional benefit that our customers are getting relative to what was originally estimated, this has been a dynamite environment in which to finance big CapEx projects. I forget, Art, what is our number across the system? It's like $3.5 billion of debt financed at about 3%.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes. I mean just think about -- and I think the estimates when we started this project were more like 6% and 7%.
Thomas A. Fanning: So we are developing a tremendous amount of value. And when I look at just the EPC part of it, forget what we're doing on capital costs, we're actually under budget, but we're doing great.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, the big factor that would cause it to move around, I think, is probably schedule. The construction is going very well.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, so here's what I would think about that. We've been very consistent, we're going to remain consistent until we have a reason not to be. But basically, we think there is a terrific market for this worldwide; so does KBR. That's why we entered into this relationship. You just think about megawatts of need. In the not-too-distant future, China needs to add 300,000 megawatts of generation; India, 100,000 megawatts of generation. Both India and China lend themselves to the kind of low-grade coal that is perfect as a fuel resource for our TRIG technology. Now, we're not going to get all that. We're going to get some segment out of it, we believe, and we look forward to that. Until the revenues and profitability of our licensing effort become clearer, we just will not have it associated with any of our projections. So if anything shows up, it will be upside, number one. And the other thing I will just remind you. You know that Southern Company is a conservative company. We're very proud of the fact that we, along with our partners, develop this technology, and we think it's going to work great. We think it'll be a solution, not only for America, but for the world to take advantage of this excellent fuel resource. We are going to stick to the business we know the best. And therefore, we thought it was better to give, via this contract, KBR than worldwide marketing rights. We'll still pay attention, as with our research and development facility, as with our engineering and construction services group, the engineering oversight and further developments on the technology. So we'll not be engaging ourselves in worldwide marketing.
Thomas A. Fanning: Way too early, and please understand, we've been very clear, I think, in all of this that while you cannot determine the outcome, we believe that the facts are very much in our favor. That's why we did not sell, and that's why we did not -- that's why we've taken the step of filing litigation. We've done this in a very transparent way with the independent monitor, with the commission, with the staff. We feel like we are representing the interest of Georgia's customers by taking this step. Please also understand that filing the litigation, we think, is a normal part of the dispute resolution process. And that going forward, we can still settle or go to some other kind of dispute resolution, like arbitration if we feel like that's prudent in the future. So this is -- people should view this as just another step in the process. Work continues; we don't believe there'll be any material slowdown as we progress the thing.
Thomas A. Fanning: Sure. In fact, just as you recall, we put in place this mechanism that Art referred to earlier that takes into account a big change as a result of an economic slowdown, or whatever else, to get Georgia Power back to a place where it can operate effectively. So we've already contemplated that we've made the adjustment in Georgia. Because remember, that's typically been a 3-year accounting order process. If you go elsewhere across the system, RSC kind of operates every year anyway; it's a formulaic approach. Mississippi operates annually; it's a formulaic approach. The only one that doesn't have these kinds of features will be Gulf Power. And remember, Gulf Power has a traditional kind of rate-making approach. They filed for a rate increase last year. They have something like a great deal of their sales -- of their profits associated -- I'm sorry, revenues associated with clauses. It's like 65% -- 60%, 65%. So it's kind of a smaller issue to Gulf Power, and they're kind of small anyway.
Thomas A. Fanning: And I think the COR impact is, as Art points out, is a great example of how we worked constructively with regulators to do the right thing all the time. So we always have an ongoing dialogue. People should know it is not a discrete relationship. It is a continuous relationship.
Thomas A. Fanning: No, I think you nailed it in your question. Look, I think what we're seeing right now is a pause in the economy, and I think the economy is waiting for the uncertainty to be resolved. Obviously, the big issue facing us kind of post the election is the fiscal cliff, and what's the United States going to do to get its financial integrity in order. I think the kind of more secular change -- and I just don't know where this is -- is what's going to happen with the European Union, what's going to happen with the long-term growth rate in China, Brazil and other formerly growth-oriented economy. I think those are the issues, both for my work at the Federal Reserve, plus the work our economists do here. The economic uncertainty is just at an all-time high. And I think these issues, whether you believe you should cut costs or raise taxes, it is clear to me that what we've got to do is adopt, as a fiscal matter, policies that promote growth in the economy. I think if we do that, when you look at the quality of the economic development backlog that we have, I think we're poised to resume a really attractive growth rate. But the proof will be in the pudding. Let's see how Congress, the policymakers around the United States resolve the issues related to the uncertainty, and let's move forward. Believe me, we will be active in those discussions.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, I think you're aware of the concerns that we've had. I think, historically, Mississippi has been a constructive environment in which to do business; it has been for a long time. We were all surprised by the decision to defer the recovery of CWIP pending the resolution of the Supreme Court matters related to the certification of the project. Now, listen, we're confident, we believe the certificate -- the certification process of the plant, once now amended, will go through. So we're very confident of that. That surprised us. That's, frankly, quite about the only negative that I can put there. I think the folks in Mississippi, the policymakers are working hard to create a way forward that will work for both Mississippi Power and its customers. I spoke recently at Governor Bryant's Energy Summit. And Governor Bryant, I think, is doing a terrific job casting, as a primary economic development strategy, the State of Mississippi as an energy hub. I think he is spot on, frankly, and not only carrying forward, but extending the good work of Haley Barbour. Kemper County is so important to the state's future. And I think when you think about the low-cost energy similar to a nuclear plant in terms of its reliability and costs, I think it will serve Mississippi well for decades to come. So my sense is we'll get through this rough spot, and we'll move forward in a constructive way.
Thomas A. Fanning: That's a very interesting question. It's one we have a lot of conversation about here in Atlanta and around. Look, the earnings have been better. My sense is they'll be better again this year as the kind of year-to-date numbers would suggest. So they continue to do a great job. Recall one of the big projects that was kind of a centerpiece this year has been the biomass facility at Nacogdoches, Texas. Brought that in under budget on time. It's the world's largest bubbling bed technology, North America's largest biomass facility, I could go on. But it's just a great project. And then we've done some of these solar projects, none of which are all that big. We've put in place a kind of an appetite for us on solar, about 300 megawatts over 5 years, and we're just kind of being very faithful to that level of participation. We don't want to go overboard on that. One of the interesting ideas, though, that we've had is you know that our ethos as a company, our business model, is to put customers in the middle of everything we do and to provide clean, safe, reliable, affordable electricity to those customers. And that has served us so well in our integrated, regulated businesses. Likewise, it has served us very well with Southern Power. And I can tell you, when I was down there for the groundbreaking of Nacogdoches, we had lots of interested people, from co-ops and munis in the area, come to me and understand how favorable this has been to the city of Austin and wondered, could we do more business. Frankly, we get that wherever we do business, whether it's the Carolinas, whether it's New Mexico, Nevada. And so one of the things we're thinking about is, "Are there limited circumstances where we could use exactly the same model? And perhaps, instead of turning down business, do some business with some other co-ops and munis, particularly, and maybe some other IOUs." If we do, let me assure you that we will follow exactly the same conservative model. That is: long-term bilateral contracts -- contracts really in 2 segments, one of which we earn a return of them, return on capital on brick-and-mortar investment; the other one earning, essentially, a pass-through on our energy cost, which is largely fuel. So we don't believe we want to take fuel risks, we won't take transmission risk, and we want to have creditworthy counter-parties. So we are thinking about maybe doing some business in some of the other areas of critical mass that we seem to be developing. We'll see.
Thomas A. Fanning: Okay, so let's kind of think about that in some bites. First of all, though, Vogtle was progressing very well, and you may note recently that Georgia, as I said it, just did another fuel decrease to its customers. I think it was about 1.7-or-so percent decrease in total builds. Recall, we did a fuel decrease earlier that was roughly 6%, 19% to fuel, 6% of total sales, so we produced fuel decreases that, in fact, will largely speak for a lot of the price increases we see for Vogtle. So if you think about price increases for Vogtle, you're typically in the range of about 1% a year that's already pretty well spoken for, through the processes that exist in the state. Now, we will file an IRP. Recall in, I guess it's February of next year -- January -- recall, too, this is a very collaborative process that we follow with the commission, whereby we and the staff, the commission, in essence, will evaluate trends in demand, we will jointly agree on that. We will jointly agree on the resources necessary to meet that demand, and then we will jointly agree on how best to supply those resources, whether it is self-build or third-party contracts. That has been an exceedingly effective way to think about providing the resources for Georgia in the upcoming years. If you think about it, we're building Vogtle 3 and 4, we've just finished the last of the McDonough units that we've converted from coal to gas. Now we're over 2,550 megawatts of new gas supply. And right here in the Atlanta area and those units are behaving beautifully. In fact, they're producing capacity greater than their nameplate rating. We've also announced some initiatives in the solar arena in Georgia. And my sense is, when you combine that plus some other power purchase agreements, we will have spoken for the capacity needs of Georgia, probably through the end of the decade would be my guess. We'll find that out in the IRP going forward. With respect of the rate case that we will file right around the beginning of July, it's way too early to say, but it would argue that having spoken for Vogtle, having spoken already for McDonough, it would seem that the issues in the upcoming case will be similar to the issues in the last case. That is the normal O&M and CapEx associated with building the best electric system in the United States here in Georgia or in the Southeast, really.
Thomas A. Fanning: And it was $0.08 for the year-to-date and 13 -- we were $0.13 positive year-to-date, so $0.21 negative year-over-year, $0.08 versus normal.
Thomas A. Fanning: And the other thing that people should just understand, too, this model that we have been very faithful in following -- that is to provide the highest level of financial integrity in running our business -- has served our customers exceedingly well. And I know we've shown you in many times in the past, this kind of efficient horizon curve -- where you look at cost of debt by the average life of maturities of the debt portfolios of us versus our competitors -- and frankly, Southern Company, all of the operating companies, look terrific on that basis. At the end of the day, when you look at the decisions that our regulators make, in a, generally speaking, a constructive business climate part of the United States, there is no reason for any of our commissions to take punitive action against the company. We are performing well in customer satisfaction and reliability in any notable measure. And so we think we'll continue on in that vein for years to come.
Thomas A. Fanning: To everyone's dismay at Southern, I could talk about this for hours. I'll try and be economical here. We go through what we call a flexible budgeting system, whereby we identify a financial plan based on a level of O&M. We already planned for certain normal variances of weather above and below. So we basically find ourselves with a slug of O&M that we kind of keep in reserve pending the results of third quarter weather. We call those approved, but not budgeted -- I mean they're budgeted, but not approved. I'm sorry, I said that backwards. So in other words, we keep that powder dry, if you will. And so as we see weather become either mild or the other way, then we turn on or off that flexible budgeting part of our program. The other thing that's interesting about our budgeting process right now really goes to where we've gone with the generating fleet. So recall the O&M associated with the coal fleet is bigger than, say, with the gas fleet. I think people would mostly get that. So when we think about the MACT issue, recall we had about 20,000 megawatts of coal. It appears that we will maintain, I don't know, 12,000 to 13,000 megawatts of coal in the future. Some of that will be through fuel switching like from -- I'm sorry, from Central App to Illinois basin. So for the remaining, say, 7,000 or 8,000, some of that is fuel switched to gas, some of that is just retired. As we evaluate the plants that are subject to be retired, obviously, we have opportunities to scale back while maintaining safety, scale back some of the O&M that we otherwise would dedicate to those plants, but we will let their EFOR statistics rise up, whereas otherwise in the past, we would really be very hawkish about keeping those in perfect condition.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, Paul, this a great question. Listen, we've got as much uncertainty as everybody. I always feel like we do more homework than anybody else that I know of in terms of understanding economy and holding these customer groups. There is -- one of the trends out of this call will be that there is a general heightened level of uncertainty in the economy. At this point, there is a tremendous amount of pent-up economic activity pending the resolution of some of these really important issues. It is clear to me that while the year started out great, it started to slow and now it has really slowed in the third quarter. There are all of the kind of chemicals in the sea, if you will, for economic growth to resume. But we've got to deal with those issues.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes, look, what we've done, and in fact, we ought to share this with you, being interested in the call after the call, the blurb we call it here, but we've done a lot of research on kind of looking at, really diving deeply into this notion of what's really going on with existing home sales. In other words, if you strip out all the noise on housing, or who was the customer before and who is the customer now, what we're finding is that from existing premises year-over-year, actually it goes back something like 5 years, we have found that absent kind of 2009, we have seen a continued increase in per capita usage. Now we know that there is some small effect of energy efficiency and everything else, but we think that is getting washed out by a greater electrification of the economy. Now the ratio that we have found as a rule of thumb still works, and that is electricity sales will probably be around 50% of GDP, so if -- you tell me what GDP is going to do, hit it by 60%, that's what electricity sales will do.
Thomas A. Fanning: But Paul, I mean, even as you suggest, even if residential is flat and not down for the quarter, there is still some really interesting issues and we'll just see how they evolve. When we peel the onion on the effect, we think there is still reasonably, there will be economic growth. And I would tend not to get distracted with quarter-over-quarter results. When you do the kind of analysis you're thinking about, which is exceedingly valid, you're better off using long-term trends, and I would rather focus on year-to-date results rather than a quarter-to-quarter conclusion.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, look, we have 2 commissioners up for reelection, Stan Wise and Chuck Eaton. We'll see. The whole Georgia Commission has been, I think, very tough, but very fair. And we'll see what happens.
Thomas A. Fanning: Okay, so there's a -- let me start real quick. There's a process where, for example, we're part of SEE, Southeast Electric Exchange mutual assurance group. There other mutual assurance groups in the United States. Of course, there are in the Northeast, New York, et cetera. Before it even hits land, we plan well in advance and then what we do is start to deploy before the storm hits the resources necessary to effectuate the restoration. I know that before Sandy hit the Northeast, we had deployed something like 2,000 personnel from Southern. Then the storm hits. One of the things that people must understand, and I've tried to be very public about this in all my Sandy -- Bloomberg and CNN and all the other stuff I've done, is that assessment process is so critical when you consider what you all had faced. And it's been very challenging, snow, wind rain, flooding. Some of the areas that had been impacted had been inaccessible. And therefore, without an assessment, it's been very challenging to deploy in the most optimal way. So there's been some time associated with that. Then they are deployed to the region to fix and then there's an iteration that goes forward. When you think about the total resources that we committed, it started at around 2,000 and now around 2,400. Our resources were deployed to Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington, D.C. And pretty quickly, they moved some resources up to Atlantic City. In this iteration that I described where they fix, reassess, fix, reassess, our folks are all over the Northeast right now. So when I get a report every morning, they are in every affected area you can imagine. I know one of the big issues, our folks came in after the initial damage, were an underground crews in the Con Edison area, particularly in Manhattan. So they're all over the place right now.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes. Hey, I'm sorry, I should have answered that one. Yes, so what happens is every -- like the Southeastern Electric Exchange mutual assurance group has, essentially, a contract in place that exactly calls for the reimbursement and the safety conditions and a variety of other things, conditions under which people will affect the restoration. So among the different mutual assurance groups, they basically adopt the same process, so that anyone requesting help will pay for the help that they receive and that work will be undertaken in the manner in which we are used to providing it.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, but everybody is. And then the mutual assistance programs work with each other when the damage occurs outside. There's been plenty of SEE resources that have been put into non-SEE regions.
Thomas A. Fanning: That was the original deployment and I can assure you they went north as soon as they were needed. When the reassessments were done. Remember that assessment is the big issue. And once the assessments were performed and the re-prioritization of the areas of critical need were performed, people were moved in, in the most effective, safest manner possible.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes, Ashar, look, I absolutely get the fact that a lot of people in the Northeast -- I'm originally from New Jersey myself -- are really disadvantaged and really going through a lot of pain right now. I completely understand that. The -- I would just dispute the notion about the state of our electric network. The electric network in the United States is the best in the world and the data supports it. We have to continue to focus on that and we have to deal with different regulatory models, frankly, that deal with it. We, in the Southeast, at least I can speak from Southern, we spend nearly $1 billion year on these issues. And our reliability, the statistics are SAIDI and SAIFI, that one deals with duration of outages and one deals with frequency of outages. We're on now more than a decade-long track record of performance and the system works great down here. We get buffeted with storms and I think what we're dealing with right now in the Northeast, and I know it's really hard being in the middle of it. And please understand, I certainly understand what you guys are going through, having gone through it a lot down here. It's just that, that storm, the misnomer of the perfect storm, level 1 hurricane being hit with a cold front that produced snow, wind, rain, flooding and an unprecedented amount of damage in a very highly concentrated area of population has just produced some unique circumstances. It is worthy always in evaluating lessons learned from these circumstances and understanding how we can serve customers better; that is always something we should do. But please understand you're dealing with an immense storm, unique circumstance, unusual part of the United States. We'll get through it. And when we learn something new, we will apply it in the future.
Thomas A. Fanning: We gave you a corporate return there. So remember that Georgia corporate return is different than the allowed range. That's 10.25% to 12.5% with a midpoint -- I think they reset the midpoint at 11.15% last time.
Thomas A. Fanning: So, yes. So Vedula, part of it is and part of it isn't. In general, you're correct, let me say that. Now the part that I would agree with is, I think, Vogtle 1 and 2 may have been the last ones under the old accounting rules that you can do phase-in accounting essentially, if that's what you're referring to. There may be other ways to attack the problem. In fact, Art and I met recently with Moses Feagin -- he's the CFO of Mississippi Power -- Ed Day; they're regulatory people. We meet regularly on this project. We always call this kind of a "What's in the house" The "what" are building the plant and houses, how we're working with the regulators and with customers and all that. And in fact, I just went down and talked to the customer group of Mississippi about some of these things. I think we have some constructive approaches that we will work with the commission in which to be able to handle this plus all the other issues at Mississippi, and we're evaluating those options as we speak. I'd rather not speculate on those because it's just premature, number one, and we really want to kind of handle that in a very fulsome way with our regulators before we say too much about it in public.
Thomas A. Fanning: Sure. So the Supreme Court is dealing with -- actually, it's in the Chancery Court now. It's dealing with an issue related to the certification. It's not dealing with CWIP. It's dealing with certification of the project. We believe what's going to happen -- I mean, I believe so, write this down or whatever. For whatever it's worth, I believe we're going to be upheld at the Chancery Court. If we are, the Sierra Club could appeal to the Supreme Court. Now, the issue related to CWIP has not been contested as a legal matter right now. The commission voted to defer putting CWIP in place until the matters related to the certification of the plant were concluded, okay? It's at the Chancery Court, we've got a good decision there. It goes to the Supreme Court. If we get a good decision there, we put CWIP in place, at least that's what the regulators say. That's where we are. As a practical matter, you must understand that by the timing of whatever is going on with the Chancery Court and then it would have to be resolved in the Supreme Court, we're going to be in service, we believe, May of 2014. So as a matter of prudence, we are planning for the potential of not even having CWIP for Mississippi Power Plant Ratcliffe.
Thomas A. Fanning: Precisely. We are booking AFUDC. And we have been very clear -- in fact, the commission has been very clear, I should say, about their support for the project. I mean, I think we've read on maybe the last earnings call, specific language out of press releases that 2 of the 3 commissioners gave. And I've even spoken to one of the commissioners there. They remain resolute in their support of the project. They just didn't feel that it was appropriate to put CWIP in place while matters relating to the certificate were still being considered.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes, I think so. I absolutely say so. But if we defer putting CWIP in place until we resolve all the matters relating to certificate, we may have an in-service plant before those matters are concluded.
Thomas A. Fanning: Hey, Dan, one more thing. Art mentioned this is our off quarter for doing the customer touches. Every operating company this quarter, I think, held a customer convocation where they bring 100 of their top customers whatever end [ph], and I know I visited all of Gulf, Mississippi and Georgia. I know Alabama did one also. So we stay in touch with our customers on a real-time basis all the time.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes, just briefly. Look, thank you so much for being with us. I know this was a long call. A lot of interesting topics to talk about. And please understand, too, as a matter of empathy, I know you are all going through a lot of hardship right now. Our hearts go out to you. I guarantee you, the industry is working as hard as it can to get the power back safely and as efficiently as possible. We'll continue that effort until every last one person has their power back. Thanks very much. Enjoying being with you today.
Art P. Beattie: I'll deal with the second part of your question first. There is a mechanism and I can't remember the acronym for it, but that would be applicable to the 2013. And it would foresee some event in the economy whereby you didn't find to the bottom end of your range. I think it's called the ICR provision, and you would go back in for some kind of accelerated hearing process, whereby you might be able to come to some solution of that by year end or allow them to get inside the bottom end of their range. The actual increase in sales embedded into their plan is -- I have to say, Jonathan, I don't have the exact numbers on me, but somewhere in the neighborhood of 2%.
Art P. Beattie: Greg, you also had the claims issue, too, that's still pending. So we are waiting until that was resolved before we went back to commission with any kind of requests for an increase in the certified amount.
Art P. Beattie: Yes, Steve. Roughly, if it's spread across all of our classes, it's about $100 million. If you do a 1% change in industrial sales, obviously it's less, about $17 million. If it's a 1% change in your residential class, it's more, about $45 million. So you spread it across them all, you get, obviously, a bigger impact. But that doesn't assume that you're going to also manage your expense side of the equation. So you don't want to be just making assumptions that those kind of results and changes in sales will not directly lead to changes in net income.
Art P. Beattie: Steve, we also had the COR issue at Georgia back in 2009 that -- where we amortized some of that back to help mitigate some of the impacts that Georgia was feeling.
Art P. Beattie: Everything is still pending. The Sierra Club's appeal of the most recent certification order is still pending. It's a chance to re-court. We expect to hear from that any week now, so we already expected to hear from it, but just haven't heard anything yet. Everything else, our appeal to the Supreme Court is still pending. We don't -- that particular issue is around our ability to bill the cash CWIP, the order the commission gave us denying that request. That won't be heard until sometime in mid-March.
Art P. Beattie: Yes, Mike, as you know, when we chatted before about this, the discrete conversation in Alabama occurred constantly. There's not a specific date for review of those, but those conversations take place between the staff and management on a continuing basis. But I'll remind you in Alabama, their equity ratios are lower than the industry average. If you look at their return on invested capital, it's more in the second and third quartile compared to peers rather than the top of the quartile. So the amount of return reflected in price is not near severe when you lower the balance of equity in the equation. And I'll also point out that Alabama ranks in the top quartile when it comes to customer satisfaction. So it's not a one-element issue. It's a multifaceted issue that has lots of elements to it.
Art P. Beattie: That's correct. Silicon manufacturer -- silicon metal manufacturer in Alabama was down a lot in the third quarter. They came back in the fourth and we expect them to operate in the fourth. And another major issue that nobody thinks about anymore after Hurricane Sandy was the effects of Hurricane Isaac. Hurricane Isaac shut down a lot of our large industrial load on the coast for periods of a week or more. OLB [ph] and our biggest industrial customer was down for a while along with Chevron and some other major consumers of electricity. We don't normally weather-normalize our industrial loads, so you see those effects impacting some of the sales loads in the third quarter.
Art P. Beattie: Paul, Tom mentioned this earlier, but there's lots of stuff going on that makes us believe that the third quarter numbers, especially for residential, are far worse than what we actually experienced.
Art P. Beattie: Well, yes, far better. Excuse me. I misspoke. But the first issue I want to talk is weather normalization, which I've always talked about as more of an art than a science. And so when you compare quarter-over-quarter to that, you're going to get some noise. And more importantly, the second issue is, what Tom mentioned earlier, is the fact that we're now using to estimate our kilowatt hours yet to be billed or unbilled kilowatt hours, we're using our new digital platform, our new metering system to provide those estimates for us, which are much more accurate than our prior methods. They can cause noise year-over-year when comparing to a year that did not utilize that. We think this is a abnormal reflection of what's actually going on in the residential market.
Art P. Beattie: Okay. Well, we outlined a range of $0.38 to $0.40. So Southern Company will be $2.62 to $2.64 within that range from our annual guidance.
Art P. Beattie: Yes. And for Georgia Power, it's roughly 12.5% -- excuse me, from a Southern perspective and about 12.5% ROE.
Art P. Beattie: Yes, Dan. We thought we'd get about 19,000 new customers this year. And so far, through the first half, we got all of those. We didn't add any great amounts in the third quarter, but we still retain those. So we're ahead of where we thought we'd be from a customer perspective.
Art P. Beattie: Yes, we didn't do that this quarter. We do it every 6 months, but this is the off quarter for that. But automotive is doing very strong and it has continued -- expected to be strong. And obviously, the suppliers and other industries that fabricated metals that support that, so we expect that strength to continue and that's on the fact that the age of existing inventory is so old. I think the average age of automobiles today is like 11 years. So that is expected to continue. The ISM Indexes are positive. They had been negative slightly in the second quarter, but now they've turned slightly positive. So that is a good indicator, and we've seen some indicators lately that there's more strength in the economy. Housing is beginning to come off the bottom but it's not -- it's coming off such a low level, it's not really going to make a whole lot of difference in the numbers that we're looking at. Really, it's the export-related industries like chemicals and primary metals that have been impacted the most. And we think as we look around what's going on in the export markets, it's the global economy that's beginning to slow a bit.
Art P. Beattie: Well, we talked about equity issuances and the fact that we're actually repurchasing shares there, so we don't expect to issue any new equity this year or in 2013. We do plan on raising about $700 million of new equity in 2014, again, to support the capital program that we have in play. We've got about roughly $800 million of additional refinancing opportunities in the fourth quarter that we're hopeful to take advantage of. And then you can see the debt issuances in '13 and '14, I think they're roughly equally distributed, about $3 billion each.
Art P. Beattie: Well, we're still negotiating those particular terms and conditions on the loans. And as soon as we're able to close those, we would begin to draw on the loan guarantees. But I wouldn't look for anything in 2012. I think 20 -- early 2013 would be a better date for the likelihood of that.
Art P. Beattie: Yes, Dan, I don't have those. We can get back to you with that information as to specific issues. But roughly, it's about $800 million in issuances at Alabama, Georgia and Mississippi.
Paul Patterson: Just to go over sales growth again, what's your current projection? I think it was 1.3% at the end of the first half of the year.
Paul Patterson: If we look at GDP for the third quarter, I'm thinking, at least my recollection is around 2%. It came in a little bit stronger than what people had expected. I mean, is it different in the Southeast or are you talking about something that just isn't being picked up by regular GDP numbers, if you follow me. I mean, I guess, one of the concerns, I guess, that I have, at least, is that on the natural gas side, we saw for many, many, many years a reduction in absolute sales growth due to, basically, efficiencies. And I'm wondering whether or not we're beginning to see this on the electric side, because you guys are relatively thought of as being relatively strong economically compared to the rest of the country. In other parts of the country, we've seen, in some cases, negative sales growth weather-adjusted for 3 years.
Paul Patterson: Okay. But GDP was 2% in the third quarter, right? And for some reason, it's not translating -- leaving out the industrial, it's not translating that way for the other guys. That's why, I guess, that's what I'm missing.
