Thomas Fanning: Thank you, David. On behalf of all of Southern Company's employees, I'd like to thank you for your service to our company. Your leadership over the years had made us all proud. You've delivered outstanding results for the benefit of our customers in the Southeast, and you've done it in the right way. We wish you the best in the years ahead. Now turning to those of you on the call. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. As you can see from the materials we released this morning, we had a solid quarter, which was influenced by warmer weather and the continuing industrial recovery here in the Southeast. As you know, we have a rate case proceeding underway in Georgia. Georgia Power's witnesses presented testimony earlier this month in the case. And you may have seen where the PSC staff and intervenor testimony was filed last week on October 22. The PSC staff and intervenor hearings will be held on November 8 through 10. The case appears to be moving forward on schedule, and we expect a decision on or about December 21. Finally, I'd like to mention how well our generating fleet performed the during the peak season from May 1 to September 30. During this peak season period, we experienced record customer demand for electricity of more than 97 million-megawatt hours. We also set a record for natural gas generation, producing 20% more electricity from our natural gas fleet than ever before. Our fleet once again delivered exceptional reliability, producing a peak season equivalent forced outage rate, or EFOR, of 1.67%. This is the ninth time in the past 10 years that our EFOR has been below 2%. The industry average is 7%. This history of exceptional operational performance demonstrates our commitment to providing reliable service to our customers. At this point, I'll turn things over to Art for a discussion of our financial highlights for the third quarter and our earnings guidance for the remainder of 2010.
Thomas Fanning: Well, we've also had higher O&M kind of influencing that. But if you look forward, the economy, you say it's recovered. It's certainly recovered on the industrial side. We hope that bleeds over to the residential and commercial growth in the future. But we're not prepared to talk about that, and we'll come back to you in January and get those issues.
Thomas Fanning: Yes. This is Tom Fanning. I'll just jump in there. Gas prices have certainly had a change in how we've generated electricity in the recent history. In the past, Southern Company has generated something like 70% of our energy at coal-fired generation. That number has fallen considerably and has been displaced by natural gas. So what we see right now is coal down into 60% or below, even as low as 56%, and the delta being taken up by natural gas, with nuclear remaining constant and hydro being in the 2% to 3% range.
Thomas Fanning: When you say softening the regulations -- I wouldn't go there because she has a responsibility she's got to fulfill. Some of that is code-directed. I think what we are hoping for is a more rational approach in terms of phasing in these regulations over a period of time. Again, there's still some room on coal combustion by-products. There's still room on mercury MAC. There's still room on the ozone standards. So none of those have been finalized at this point. We are hoping that the outcome there can be more reasonable in the sense that it's achievable at reasonable cost and a reasonable time frame.
Thomas Fanning: This is Fanning. Coal is not a natural gas. And when you think about the different kinds of coal and the different kinds of technology that are used to combust coal, it's difficult to assign top 15% of any sort of technology to all coal combustion. So it's a difficult proposition even to consider.
Thomas Fanning: Greg, this is Tom. Our position on that remains confident. We believe that the right national energy policy is one that has a balanced approach to the choice of fuels. So we believe and that's why we're investing in, new nuclear, 20% recall as we're doing in Kemper County. We believe that gas will play an important role, going forward and likely will increase in its percentage. We believe there must be an expansion of renewables, however, we all take into account the concerns about the cost effectiveness and reliability of those issues and in fact, energy efficiency, that is generation you don't have to produce. It's something that will be important in the future. So saying that, this notion of the rush to gas is something that you probably won't see us do. We've already laid plans for new nuclear. We've laid plans for clean coal. We have brought back one of the most efficient and inexpensive coal plants in America for the benefit of Alabama's customers. And with Plant McDonough in Georgia inside the perimeter highway for the city, we're in the process of retiring a coal plant 500 megawatts and building in its place 2,550 megawatts of highly efficient modern combined cycle gas. You will see us use all of those. The logical consequence is gas will be more important, but it will not be to the exclusion of the other fuels.
Thomas Fanning: And I'll tell you just one more on that. Values of function and risk in return and no matter what you think of nominal prices of gas, we believe that it will remain volatile. And so volatility is that important as the nominal price to industrial America and the welfare of our customers.
Thomas Fanning: We don't have any current plans. But again, that is highly dependent on weather, the spending on the O&M. There's lots of factors that could go into that stage.
Thomas Fanning: This is Fanning. We have done some experiments around I guess the most significant effort there is at Plant Daniel where we blend in somewhere around 20% to 25% of the Powder River Basin in with the other coal. It always is an option. But what you got to remember is these boilers I think sometimes to people seem like primitive technology when in fact, they're not. They're very finely tuned machinery, and they require a very kind of tight band of the chemical quality of the coal in order to work properly. So it's not as widespread as you might think.
Thomas Fanning: Art and I were at a conference, and we've heard a lot of theories about pricing power of railroads. We haven't seen that in Southern. Our railroad contracts, as Art said, match pretty closely and maybe extends just a little beyond our coal commodity contract. We just haven't seen any significant move in the price of the transportation charge to any significant degree.
Thomas Fanning: It's going great. I think we already have -- it's a 30-megawatt deal. In New Mexico, we have 10 already operational. 10 more megawatts about ready to be turned on, and we'll finish the other by the end of November or December. It's doing fine.
Thomas Fanning: And we've been on a trajectory of $0.07 a year for the past few years, and that looks like an acceptable trajectory. Of course, that's up to our board.
David Ratcliffe: Thanks, Art. And as Tom and Art have explained, we had a very good quarter. Clearly, weather and an improving industrial sector have influenced our results this year. Certainly the economy, primarily industrial sales, have exceeded our expectations for the first nine months of this year. We always plan for normal weather, but the weather in 2010 has been anything but normal. We believe that capturing some of these unexpected upside for the benefit of our customers as we were allowed to do in Alabama is absolutely the right thing to do for the long-term sustainability of our business. As we've said countless times, the customer is at the center of everything we do. If we operate our business with the customer in mind, we believe we can continue to deliver regular, predictable and sustainable results over the long term. At this point, we are ready to take your questions. So if Celeste will now take the very first question.
David Ratcliffe: Well, again, we'll have -- a lot of our programs will operate through the end of the year. We never make a comment on the dribble program. We'll use that program as we need, as need sees fit. I will remind everyone that the company will take advantage of bonus depreciation and some other tax-advantaged items that will help probably defer some of our financing, and we'll talk more about that in the January call.
David Ratcliffe: Well, Michael, you know that we've operated under a three-year rate plan with the Georgia commission, I guess the last five rate cases they filed last 15 years. Obviously, we proposed some improvements. We took to the three-year rate plan process. The commission obviously will make their decision. It could be another three-year rate plan. It could be some pieces of this or maybe full adoption. That's for the commission to decide, and that's what they are in process of doing.
David Ratcliffe: I'll answer that one since I'm going out the door. Steve, we've done this for at least 5x now. So I mean, we've always reached a settlement. We are optimistic about that, and we think the attitude of the commissioners is good and positive. I think the filing by the staff was bounded the low end. I mean, I think there is ample room to find a settlement, like we always have.
David Ratcliffe: Nathan, I think the situation will remain pretty stable. I think everybody would suggest or oppose or saying to indicate that the Republicans' stake over the House, as you suggest, probably not the Senate, which means the House is still pretty evenly divided and difficult to pass any complex legislation. Just as soon as you get the House seated, you got to remember that people will start focusing on presidential election in '12. So the likelihood that they'd take up something as complex as climate legislation or even a rewrite of clean air act would be a challenging proposition going into presidential race. Now what that means is if we can't do things legislatively, then we're destined to continue on a very difficult regulatory route with EPA. And as you have seen already, there will be continuing challenges to almost every rule-making whether that happens to be mercury or 316(a) on the water side or any of the other regulations. That will simply continue and it will be a slow, difficult process.
David Ratcliffe: No, we haven't given you any. We're still trying to get our hands around all that, obviously, and understand what the regulatory proposals will be. And it's pretty difficult to assess the impact without doing what the definitive rules will be, but we are running different scenarios.
David Ratcliffe: The coal combustion by-product has been promulgated but haven't been finalized. And again, we're running different kinds of scenarios there. Obviously, the difference between hazardous and nonhazardous is pretty significant. The hazardous would be much expensive than a nonhazardous. And again, until you get final Regs, it's pretty hard to determine exactly what you do. And even then, you've got to look at that in the context of what else might occur for the coal fleet.
David Ratcliffe: I think the difficulty there is achievability. The technology exists pretty comfortably the starting level, but the higher you go in terms of removal rate, it could get up into 90%, 95% removal. We're just not sure there's a technology that can achieve that.
David Ratcliffe: The only thing I'd add to that is while I think everybody feels a lot better about supply on the gas side, to your question, the wildcard is still what's the long-term price of natural gas, what price does it get back, what price is shale gas get to market.
David Ratcliffe: To my knowledge, the only thing on Kemper County is the Sierra Club lawsuit that was remanded from Supreme Court to the Chancery Court in Harrison County, Mississippi. I can't remember if there's litigation on Vogel there may be a challenge from their environmental group and Kemper County group on water use.
David Ratcliffe: Nathan, we are currently at 43 days. I believe at the end of last year, we were 57 days, with the warmer temperatures that we've had this summer, we've taken inventories down quite a bit. Our target is still 38 days, so we're a bit above where we target in terms of blending in Powder River Basin. And I believe we do that at some of our plants.
David Ratcliffe: Thanks, Celeste. Let me just take a little personal liberty here to make some comment before we wrap this up. As all of you know, in July, we announced that I would retire from Southern Company on December 1 of this year. During my tenure as CEO, I've enjoyed getting to know you and working with those of you in the financial community. You have my sincere respect for the job you do, and I thank you for your analysis and coverage of our company, your investment in our securities, as well as your advice and counsel. For the past 40 years, it's been a privilege to work in this great company. And since 2004, it's been an even higher privilege and honor to serve as the Chief Executive Officer of the Southern Company. As I prepare to enter retirement, I know this company is in very capable hands. I know that Tom Fanning and his management team will do an outstanding job and will continue our long-standing tradition of excellence. Thank you for joining us today.
Art Beattie: Greg, this is Art. We have done a lot of maintenance this year in comparison to last year. Yes, the warmer weather has helped us do some additional things in terms of vegetation management and those kind of areas. We spent $190 million, almost $200 million more in the third quarter this year in O&M than we did last. And you've got to remember that we've got more facilities to maintain and operate this year. There's five new scrubbers operating on the system and two new bag houses. So O&M is a function of that plus also some increased costs associated with labor.
Art Beattie: Well, we're doing a lot of that in the fourth quarter. We've got many more megawatts of outages scheduled in the fourth quarter of this year compared to the last year, which is again a part of our equation for the fourth quarter and where earnings will come in.
Art Beattie: Paul, basically, it's about $0.07 a share. I believe $0.04 for the Georgia reversal and $0.03 for the Alabama reserve allocation.
Art Beattie: It begins August 31 of '10 and then goes into '11. It's a full year, isn't it? August 1 for 12 months.
Art Beattie: Nathan, we're not ready to talk about that. That will be a January discussion when we put forth another set of CapEx that includes 2013. We're in the process of building those now, but we're just not ready to communicate anything about that.
Art Beattie: We've got a couple of indicators we looked at in the commercial side. It really has been weak. The office vacancies are one thing that we kind of look at and basically for the last two or three quarters, they've held pretty constant at between 20% and 25%. It's not a good number, but it hasn't gotten any worse. Sales tax collections have risen for the first time since 2007, and that's a good indicator that retail sales are picking up. But basically, the commercial market will follow the residential market. And until the consumer gets back into the game and we see some progress in the unemployment picture, the commercial market growth is probably going to lag. Now some of our economic panelist members have indicated that for 2011, GDP growth may not be any better than it was in '10. There's not a lot of strong drivers out there pushing it. But we believe that the Southeast still has an advantage here, mostly because of the industrial sector and our productivity and efficiency of the facilities in the Southeast. So we're hopeful for some bleed off of that performance into these other markets.
Art Beattie: Yes, we've obviously contract with a lot of different rail providers. With our Western coal, the Powder River Basin coal, we were able to get longer-term contracts at fairly aggressive pricing. But those contracts kind of overlapped and have different time frames to them and generally three to four years in tenure.
Art Beattie: Well, dividend policy that we'd like to follow is commensurate with our growth in earnings, regular, predictable, sustainable. We like to target it at a payout ratio in and around 70%. And we know how important the dividend is to our shareholders, and we're committed to maintaining that growth so long as our growth in earnings continues to hold that up.
