Tom Fanning: Thanks, Dan. Southern Company strives to deliver superior risk-adjusted total shareholder returns, and I believe the plan that we’ve laid out supports that objective. Our customer and community-focused business model, our growing investments into our premier state-regulated utility franchises, the priority we place on credit quality and our commitment and actions towards net zero, all contribute towards making Southern Company a sustainable premier investment. A remarkable track record for dividends is another major contributor to that equation. For nearly three quarters of a century, we have paid a quarterly dividend that is equal to or greater than the previous quarter, including dividend increases in each of the past 20 years. As we look ahead, assuming adjusted earnings within our estimated range of $4 to $4.30 per share in 2024, a payout ratio that is expected to be at or below 70%, and a sustainable long-term adjusted EPS growth rate of 5% to 7%, we believe that once Vogtle 3 and 4 are completed, our Board will have the opportunity to consider an increase in the rate of growth of dividends, further solidifying our long-term value proposition. Thank you for joining us this afternoon. Operator, we are now ready to take questions.
Tom Fanning: And Dan, one more point, I think, and please, I know you’ll correct me if I get this wrong, but we’ve associated the cost with tender in this estimate. We have not given any credit for the value of megawatts tendered. At the high end of the estimate, the amount of megawatts tendered, if everybody tendered, maybe around 75 to 80 megawatts. At the level in which we’ve estimated, we think it could be around 30.
Tom Fanning: And we’ve given no credit to any value associated with those megawatts. We’ve talked about this on prior calls, the fact that you may have megawatts that’s going to be carbon-free, resilient for decades to come, we think it would have real value. We’ve reflected no value in any of these estimates.
Tom Fanning: Yes. Julien, the way we would think about that is make them completely separate, okay? Well, the process is simple. By the contract that we entered into way back when, what was it, 2018, I guess, and I guess we signed it in early ‘19. But that kind of provision spoke to a potential outcome that was really onerous, like there was some cataclysmic problem, and we could all go our way. Our calculus was pretty simple. We are this close to loading fuel and ultimately getting Unit 3 on service and then ultimately Unit 4. To us, it was an easy decision to proceed.
Tom Fanning: The only other thing I will add, I think I’ve done this before in kind of private conversations with you all one-on-one. But, as you start thinking about retiring Vogtle -- I mean -- I’m sorry, Bowen 3 and 4, there creates a need in North Georgia. And we’ve talked about that further study is required in order to evaluate how you replace that? Is that going to be more solar? Is it going to be a combined cycle? Is it going to be importing megawatts from the south to the north and therefore, incremental transmission. We just haven’t done all that work yet.
Tom Fanning: Well, I think we demonstrated over the years that we’re both -- in the world of M&A, we’re both buyers and sellers. What we’re always seeking to do is put assets in the hands of the best owner. That’s just kind of our dogma, and I think we follow through on it. What’s interesting about our gas properties is that they have been able to contribute like 10% earnings per share growth, primarily focused on safety-related pipeline replacement programs. Since the acquisition of what is now Southern Company Gas, we have well exceeded our expectations on the acquisition. So, in order to think about cap allocation, as you do and we think about it all the time, selling something like our asset in Illinois relative to reinvesting in the core, we always have to consider what’s best for our long-term growth rate, what’s best on a risk-adjusted basis. We’ll continually do that.
Tom Fanning: NRC. Yes. Thanks, Jeremy. Hey. The NRC’s posture, again, I think I say this pretty regularly. They’re a very tough requiring regulator, but we think they do a great job. And that’s the reason why the United States nuclear fleet is the envy of the world. Getting it right, as we so often say, will allow us to have an asset that will provide energy carbon-free, resilient for 60 to 80 years. So, we’re all in on getting it right. The NRC, likewise, is their primary focus. In other words, they’re not as concerned, I’m guessing, with schedule and cost. They want to make sure that whatever we build is as appropriate to nuclear safety standards as exist in America today. So, they support our efforts to find these things. And I think for the amount of ITACCs that we’ve already submitted, something like 275 or so, I think we’ve had very few problems with those ITACCs. That process has gone well, which says that once we get the work packages turned over and all the paper done in nuclear standard as it is supposed to be, we’ve had an enormous success rate in dealing with the NRC part of the equation.
Tom Fanning: Yes. My conversations with kind of future nuclear technologies have really been more -- I haven’t talked to the states at all. That really would be the realm of Mark Crosswhite in Alabama or Chris Womack in Georgia or Anthony Wilson in Mississippi. In my conversations with DOE, with folks in that or in the administration, I’ve had those conversations, too. In my opinion, I know other people are more bullish on SMRs than I am. But you still have to deal with enormous security issues. You still have to deal with kind of the NIMBY issues associated with nuclear. So, I’ve always felt that nuclear lends itself to scale, now. SMRs do absolutely have an important place in our nuclear future. My opinion, it would be in the niche areas like military bases. The military already does SMRs on submarines and aircraft carriers. So, it’s easy to conceive SMRs showing up on big nuclear installations. So, it also provides them a degree of resilience. I get that. We have been -- and we participate in SMRs, you should know that. So, our nuclear team and our R&D team are involved in the SMR process. We’ve actually been asked to get involved in a significant way in SMRs and given -- I don’t want to be distracted with anything other than getting Vogtle 3 and 4 done, we’ve really stayed away from that. On the other hand, we view great progress, potential with the so called Gen IV reactors, the molten chloride salts. We’ve worked with Bill Gates and his team on that. We are -- when you think about the R&D S curve, I think we’ve done a lot of work on the science, and I would call it the bench science of it and the very small kind of element of starting up that S curve. The next kind of big slugs of development on the Gen IV reactors will require hundreds of millions of dollars. I know I’ve talked to Secretary Granholm; Deputy Secretary, Turk, other folks that it would be great as the DOE is looking to put money to work, especially in the technology development area. This is a place where we could partner with the federal government and really move quickly up that S curve to make Gen IV reactors a commercial reality. In our own planning processes, they start to show up as an option, probably in the late 2030. So, let’s say, 2035 to 2040. And as an economic matter, they tend to compete with CCS-controlled combined cycle technologies. So depending on how the technology and cost expectations evolve, you will see us either continue with combined cycles and capturing the carbon and sequestering it or pursuing new Gen 4 reactors. But again, that’s an issue that’s going to show up in the very late 2030s.
Tom Fanning: Well, I think, the obvious difference between kind of what we’re building at Vogtle and the so-called Gen IV reactors is this issue of the fuel and the core. Effectively, the Gen IV reactors have the characteristic that a meltdown is virtually impossible. And therefore, you need less containment structures and therefore less capital cost in order to put those units into play and have them be as safe as we expect them to be. That is the real big difference. It’s a capital cost difference associated with how the reactors melt down characteristic could occur.
Tom Fanning: Yes. Angie, I don’t know we’d have to run the numbers down with you. Our own math would say, they’re 92% contracted for about 10 years.
Tom Fanning: And recall that we follow the same kind of rubric in contracting our assets as opposed to merchant players. In that, we don’t take fuel risk. We earn a return on and return of capital and pass through the fuel and energy price.
Tom Fanning: In fact, Angie, -- Angie, excuse me. I’ll just give you one more data point. 95% contracted through 2026, 92% through 2031. That’s the nerdy data.
Tom Fanning: Yes. And thanks for that. This is my opinion I’m giving you as opposed to fact, I guess. But in my opinion, it is unquestionable. It is unreasonable to assume that COVID had no impact. And so, the real art of the deal is to figure out how much of that impact manifested itself. If you dial back on to those dark days when the first COVID thing hit and we were deciding whether to shut the project down or not, I think it’s very clear that we had to operate under a completely different operating regime on the site. Remember, we stood up a medical village. We did all sorts of things in order to continue this very important project. We have estimates that we provided to Georgia Public Service Commission. I don’t think we’ve updated those recently. But certainly, I think any reasonable person would say that there have been COVID impacts on the site.
Tom Fanning: And I think we provided the chart in the appendix material, you can see even this most recent whatever this -- Omicron, it had an enormous spike in the December to January time frame. So, certainly, it had an impact. We saw it in -- especially over the holidays, we always expect to see more absenteeism and a variety of other things. We certainly saw it there as well.
Tom Fanning: And let me hit one other kind of controversial point, but we watch this like hawks. Recall, at one time, we had 9,000 people on site. And there was a lot of concern was this somehow COVID hot bed. Well, in fact, the data shows that our COVID experience is just about similar to the surrounding communities. We don’t have a different experience on the site than in the surrounding counties.
Tom Fanning: Yes. But, Angie, most of the inflation sensitive stuff is already procured. Our supply chains are already spoken for all the major equipments there. I suppose there would be some labor. We’re paying top decile right now. I suppose that could come up later, but it hasn’t been a big effect now.
Tom Fanning: Well, Dan’s done a great job managing the cost structures of the system. Actually, Dan didn’t have anything to do with it all, but people in the operating companies did. But, I’ll tell you the big surprise. I said this on Squawk Box this morning and the data we’ve provided you, shows it. We beat our residential estimates by 2.7%. In other words, we were projecting that to be down, and it was actually up. And we think that that is due to a change in lifestyle. I think we budgeted as if we thought there was this return to work and therefore, we would see like a 2.2% reduction in residential sales because people are showing up at work. Well, in fact, our own data, if you look at Southern Company’s experience, our old model was about 80% of the people came to work every day. I think -- and they were 20% that were virtual, probably call centers. Now, we’re seeing about only 25% are here every day with about 50% hybrid. They’re coming in and out a few days a week, some more, some less, and then about 25% virtual. What’s interesting about that is the sales in the residential sector were sustained at a much higher level than what we thought. We thought they’d drop off. They actually increased a bit. That uplift really helped us this year.
Tom Fanning: The customer growth has been awfully attractive for us, so over 50,000 on the electric side, what was it 27,000, something like that on the on the gas side. So, we continue to do that. And we think that is kind of a function too of people being able to work remotely. And so, they tend to go to places that have low input costs, attractive place to live. Our economic development data shows that as well. So, I think some of the stuff, Dan, you talked about in the script, it just looks good, particularly for Georgia, but even Alabama is coming back, and we’re doing well. We have reason to be bullish about the long-term viability of our franchise.
Tom Fanning: 100%, Steve. And I think I said this in media earlier, but it’s true. I get up every morning throughout the day, in the middle of the night, think about Vogtle and what we can do and all that. And I was, the folks at the site have been particularly frustrated at this recent development. When we left you on the call and I guess it was late October, early November, everybody, the site too, was very bullish on the fact that man, here we go, we’re getting ready to file for 103(g) and load fuel in the whole bit. And when we started getting into the final systems related to the final ITACC, so right, we’ve done 100 and -- I mean, we’ve done 275, we had 123 left. We had already done in order to complete these tests and a lot of this equipment is already operated within the testing regimes. We had done physical and visual inspections, but what we found when we got ready to turn over these systems for the paper, and important part of the paper are these inspection reports. And we found in many cases, they were just either incomplete or missing. Let me give you an example. But, this is an example. This is relevant. For every bolt in that plant theoretically, we would have to ascertain certificate the provenance of that bolt. In other words, we’d have to prove that we know that the metallurgy worked and where it came from and everything else to the extent an inspection report did not account for the provenance of a bolt, we had to either take the bolt out and put in the bolt that was certified or take the bolt out and test it to make sure that it met our standards. This is at the very end of the process for the very final equipment and systems that were related to the turnover before we filed for 103(g). This is at the tail end of the process. And when we found this out, we just had to go stop, we’ve got to do a complete review of all of these inspection reports. And that’s what you see right now. I am frustrated about it, but it is something we have to do. We talk about this is the first plant we’ve constructed in 40 years. Well, this is the first nuclear documentation we’ve had to do in 40 years. I wish we had found it sooner. We just didn’t.
Tom Fanning: Strictly my opinion, and I was in the meeting with the President and all that. You know what’s interesting, and I work with both sides of the aisle here. I think long term, both parties agree that we should do some something. I think the methods of doing something, especially in light of the inflation signals we are seeing and potentially the national security issues we are seeing right now lend themselves to nothing happening for the rest of the year. I wish it would. I don’t think it will.
Tom Fanning: Yes. The 400 -- 444 was at 100% dollars, our share of that was 160. I don’t know the stats of that. It didn’t come up recently. So, I think it’s still an open issue.
Tom Fanning: We just haven’t created an addition based on the latest Omicron effects. I mean, clearly, there were, we just haven’t updated the estimate.
Tom Fanning: Yes. Paul, what you have to understand and back where we were in October, November, we’re basically finishing the work, and what we found is the inspection reports were lacking. So, this work is ready to go. The table is set. Once we get the documentation done, we’ll be ready to send those things in. We feel good about the schedule. It’s not that we’re finishing construction.
Tom Fanning: Yes. No, I just mentioned like an example of some of the remediation that might have to be done in order to conform with an inspection report. So, there’s other examples, but that’s it.
Tom Fanning: Over the life of the contract, the IRRs would be similar. And when you think about -- what we have said about the market broadly is that we’ve kind of pulled back on the market. This is kind of elsewhere in the United States because there was so much supply and the demand was waning and there was a lot of uncertainty. We saw the margins really getting tight and so we didn’t play. But for the things we do that we ultimately will sign up for pretty consistent IRRs and pretty consistent ROEs. The ROEs typically are a wee bit better than what we would find in our regulated jurisdiction, reflective of a little bit of the higher risk.
Tom Fanning: Yes. It’s interesting stuff, man. When you look at the data, gas prices increased ‘21 versus ‘20, 92%, like we averaged, I think, $3.82 per million Btu versus $1.99 a year ago. So that’s kind of a big deal. Now each of our jurisdictions have managed, I think, well, their unrecovered fuel balances. Georgia just got an increase, doesn’t wipe it out completely, but it did really well. Alabama used some of its earnings otherwise in 2021 to completely wipe out its fuel balance. So, one of the things we are very mindful of -- and I appreciate the way you phrased the question. We are very mindful of burden to customers, and we manage that like hawks. I think we’re in really good shape right now.
Tom Fanning: Yes. Very interesting stuff. If you look at the data, we’re seeing -- even our industrial numbers, I said this on Squawk today, while it will show that it looks like things are slowing down a bit on the industrial sales side, the momentum numbers would tell you that and potentially the first derivative. In fact, two of the segments that underperformed or decreased year-over-year were chemicals and paper, but the paper was newsprint had a big closure of a plant there. The chemicals was a -- chemical plant, caustic soda and chlorine, that closed as well. If you wipe away those two big plant closures, our industrial sales actually were better than what we expected again. So pretty good stuff. Now, it is very clear that inflation will eventually eat into the growth in the economy. I was kind of visiting with some of the Fed work and all that here recently, you’re familiar with the old permanent income hypothesis. I think people have felt wealthier lately, and people are still spending as if inflation hasn’t visited them yet. It is inconceivable though that that won’t catch up at some point. You saw these hot retail sales. My sense is as inflation effects continue that those sales will start to wane. So, there will be a slowdown in the economy. Now, the real $50,000 question is, when does inflation start to recede a bit? A lot of stuff right now says that’s a 2023 issue that we could start to see inflation getting back to a more normal level. I think the underlying presumption in that one is that the supply chain works itself out. Right now, we’ve had such an imbalance in supply and demand that prices invariably are high. And for the lead time to procure certain goods and services, it is really sticky right now. So, the big swings are supply chain unwinding and getting back to normal, people adjusting to higher prices and therefore, reduced spending and therefore, reduced heat in the economy. Those are all the factors that I think will go into this point. For now, the economy looks really good in the Southeast, but it’s inconceivable to me that it won’t slow down a bit over the next year or so.
Tom Fanning: There’s another conversation I’ve been having in D.C., whether it’s Secretary Granholm, who’s been terrific or Dep Sec, David Turk who is a terrific. As a matter of national security, as a matter of economic opportunity, one of the things that we need to do as a the nation is resource these important supply chains domestically that will grow manufacturing, grow jobs, grow personal income. It’s a real winner. And I think some of the money that’s been put out in the incentives, whether it’s inside DOE right now or in the infrastructure bill elsewhere is to think about ways to promote the domestic supply of these things and really get it going. Now, when I say that, you’re talking five years from now. That isn’t going to happen immediately, but people are considering it. And I bet you, you would get broad bipartisan support for that strategy.
Tom Fanning: No. Thank you all for attending with us this afternoon. This is an important call. This is a frustrating time for us all. We were ready to go there, we thought kind of early this year. And now with this delay, it looks as if we’ll be end of the year for Unit 3. And we’ve allowed for an additional quarter, just given the uncertainty that we’ve seen in the past. We think these schedules align closer to what the staff and the commission has been kind of thinking about. But I can assure you we’re on the case. We all spend our time at the site. Those people are fixated on getting it right along our partners Bechtel. And when we build this thing, when we get it in service, we are right at the end of that process, it will be of the quality that is necessary in the United States nuclear industry. And we’re going to be proud of it for decades to come. Otherwise, the Company is performing as well as it possibly can, whether it’s our reliability, our resilience, our customer satisfaction, the way our employees feel, we were number one in military employer. Look, all of these data, they sound like kind of headlines and billboards and pablum. But I think they really speak to our dogma here at Southern that this is a company built to last, that these indicators are things that will prove that we are sustainable in our business model for years and years to come, and we’re very proud of that. And I want to thank all the thousands of employees at Southern for making that their part of their day, every day. It’s way beyond making, moving and selling. It’s all wound up and making sure that the communities we serve are better off because we’re there. We do that every day, and we will continue to do that. We look forward to getting the projects behind us and getting into 2024, and a financial position, the integrity of this company will be better than it ever has been, in my experience. So, thank you, and we’ll talk to you soon.
Dan Tucker: Yes. So, as we’ve disclosed and we talked about last quarter, there is differing interpretations in this co-owner agreement as to exactly how those provisions work and exactly what the starting point works. So, rather than air those specific differences here on the call, let’s let those conversations take place in the proper form. But suffice it to say, the two differing points of view is the starting point for where the initial provisions kick in and how COVID costs ultimately adjust any cost before sharing.
Dan Tucker: And just to put a finer point on all this, Julien, we’ve included this $440 million, and that represents an estimate of an outcome. We do not, at this stage, have an agreement with our co-owners. We still have that difference of opinion.
Dan Tucker: That’s right. And there’s a 120-day to 180-day clock that we’ve disclosed in our 10-K as well that is really the time period to clarify tender or not. And the ultimate calculation, we alluded to megawatts, we alluded to dollars, all of that would not get buttoned up until Unit 4 was in service and all of the costs were known.
Dan Tucker: Hey. James, this is Dan. So yes, there is transmission spend in there. In this forecast period for the five years, it is modest. Keep in mind that the plan includes retiring coal units in the ‘27, ‘28 time frame and then further again in 2035. So, the time line to construct and frankly, plan and permit these transmission projects is going to take the bulk of this forecast period and spending really occurs beyond. The other just detail, James, in the way you asked your question, I just want to make sure it’s clear. There is some storage reflected in the capital forecast, but not -- it’s a fraction of what has been assumed as a planning assumption in the IRP. It’s the one project that Georgia Power is specifically asking for approval of is in our capital plan.
Dan Tucker: Yes. And James, you made the point in your question. I mean, we don’t have an identified equity need in the forecast, and we think our LDCs are a great property.
Dan Tucker: Yes. And importantly, Angie, so in front of the Georgia Public Service Commission, as part of the IRP, the vast majority of the gas PPAs that are in front of them for approval are Southern Power gas plants. And so, that’s going to extend those units coverage for another 10 years.
Dan Tucker: Yes. And I would just say in terms of this most recent cost increase, it’s certainly not the driver. It’s not a major driver. But Tom’s point, it’s logically an element of what’s going on.
Dan Tucker: But it’s fair to say, like everyone is, with every wave, with every impact, we are getting better at working in this environment, and it becomes increasingly less disruptive and thus less of a cost impact.
Dan Tucker: And just as you look at our forecast, look, we certainly haven’t assumed that that continues into the future because one year doesn’t make a trend, but we reasonably believe it might. So if you look at our forecast for residential sales for 2022, it actually reflects year-over-year negative. And that’s, frankly, mitigated by assumption of strong customer growth. So, to your point, Angie, there’s certainly upside even in 2022 if we see these trends continue.
Dan Tucker: Yes. And there was some degree of estimating future impacts in the original number, and I think it’s been consistent with that.
Dan Tucker: Yes. And so, you typically see us disclose it as 160 to 200, that’s our share. The 440 is 100% dollars. And just to be clear, no change reflected in VCM 26.
Dan Tucker: Yes. If you look at our deck on slide 6, there’s $920 million listed there. That’s pretax. Total after tax for that is $686 million, and then we’ve broken down the components. But all those -- all that breakdown is pretax.
Dan Tucker: I think the short answer, Paul, is no material change. These are market contracts. So, all of these contracts are being awarded to Southern Power under a competitive RFP process. And so, it’s going to reflect the current market for those senior contracts.
Dan Tucker: Yes. So, again, we -- I think I said in my prepared remarks, Paul, that we don’t see a need for equity in this five-year outlook. So, let me just hit that a little more broadly because I think it’s important. But absolutely, nothing has changed about our near-term or long-term objectives when it comes to credit quality. We’ve said kind of the last several months that as we move closer to completion of the project, any change in the cost or schedule will evaluate to see if equity is needed, essentially because we are getting so close to the end and because of all the proactive things that we did in response to other changes, and frankly, we did a little bit more than what was needed. So that has positioned us really well. And I want to also emphasize the improvement in the metrics that comes later on. I think we put a slide in the appendix that shows some of the component of the uplift in FFO that will occur in a ‘23, ‘24 time frame. That also is near enough in time horizon to give us comfort with our overall financial profile.
Dan Tucker: Yes. So Michael, this is Dan. So right now, we’re not in a big construction period. And so, we’re fortunate to not be experiencing as acutely as some of our peers right now, some of those plays. We’ve seen some. We are in the middle of the storage project out in California, we’ve seen some modest delays, but nothing that’s going to impact the project overall. That’s part of the supply chain and then really combined with I think how everyone is seeing the near-term markets is why we also have this ramp-up in our expectations for Southern Power. You heard me say we’ve allocated just the $250 million this year, $500 million the following year. And that’s really in recognition that there are projects actively on our radar screen today, and we’re a bit aspirational that those might come to fruition. But to the extent they don’t, I think what you’ll see us logically do is push those dollars out a little further in time and have opportunities later.
