Thomas A. Fanning: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. As always, we appreciate your interest in Southern Company. Our premier, state-regulated electric and gas utilities and Southern Power performed well during the third quarter and they remain on track to deliver on their targets for 2017 on an adjusted basis. Before Art provides a complete overview of our financial results, I'd like to first provide updates on what's happened since our last call. First, for Plant Vogtle. On August 31, Georgia Power filed VCM 17 with the Georgia Public Service Commission, which in line with our co-owners, recommends completion of Vogtle Units 3 and 4. Georgia Power expects Unit 3 to be in service by November 2021 and Unit 4 to be in service by November 2022 with an estimated total cost for Georgia Power for both units of $8.8 billion. Factoring in expected payments under the Toshiba parent guarantee, the new total net cost of the project is estimated to be $7.1 billion, which is an increase of $1.4 billion over their previous estimate. In the 17th VCM filing, Georgia Power is requesting the PSC to confirm that: one, the revised cost and schedule estimates are reasonable; two, the 2016 prudence stipulation remains in effect; three, the certified cost is not a cap; and four, Georgia Power is not the guarantor of the Toshiba parent guarantee. A schedule for all of the proceedings has been approved and a decision by the PSC is expected in early February 2018. Georgia Power continues to work on mitigating project risks and mitigating the overall cost of the project to its customers. On September 29, Georgia Power received a conditional commitment for an additional $1.67 billion from the Department of Energy to expand the Vogtle 3 and 4 loan guarantee program. Final issuance of the additional loan guarantees is subject to the satisfaction of a number of conditions and is not expected to occur prior to the end of the first quarter of 2018. Including this commitment, the total loan guarantees are expected to provide more than $500 million in present value benefit to Georgia Power customers. On October 2, Georgia Power and the co-owners received the first and largest payment from Toshiba under its parent guarantee obligation, totaling $300 million of which $137 million is Georgia Power's share. Earlier today, we received the second scheduled payment. While we anticipate Toshiba will fulfill its remaining obligations over the next three-plus years, Georgia Power and the co-owners have been actively evaluating and preparing for the option of monetizing its rights in the remaining Toshiba guarantee payments and its bankruptcy claims against Westinghouse. Any monetization transaction is subject to DoE review and approval under Georgia Power's Loan Guarantee Agreement. We believe the process could be complete before the end of this year, effectively eliminating this risk for the owners and our customers. Turning to construction, the primary success factor for this project going forward will be productivity in the field. Throughout the transaction of the site from Westinghouse control to Southern Nuclear control, productivity trended in the right direction and we have even seen that trend continue in support of the updated schedule. This continued improvement can be attributed to several factors, including improved leadership in the field, improved work package management and continuous monitoring and communication of performance. A contract with Bechtel to serve as the prime construction contractor was finalized two weeks ago and we see another incremental step towards improved site performance. Let's move now to our recent announcement regarding Southern Company Gas. A few weeks ago, Southern Company Gas entered into asset purchase agreement with South Jersey Industries for the utility operating assets of Elizabethtown Gas and Elkton Gas. We anticipate closing these transactions by the end of the third quarter of 2018 subject to regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions. The total proceeds of $1.7 billion will be used to reduce external financing needs for both Southern Company Gas and Southern Company, and we expect the transaction to support our EPS growth and credit metric objectives. We are gratified to have a buyer like South Jersey Industries, which is committed to providing the same level of outstanding service and reliability that Elizabethtown Gas and Elkton Gas customers are accustomed to receiving today. We believe this is a value-maximizing transaction for all parties involved. I'll turn the call over now to Art for a financial and economic review.
Thomas A. Fanning: Thanks Art. In closing, we continue to see Southern Company Gas performing exactly as expected, complementing our outstanding electric operations including our competitive generation subsidiary, Southern Power. In our state jurisdictions, we continue to foster constructive regulatory relationships as evidenced by several positive rate outcomes this year. As we look ahead to 2018 and beyond, we are well positioned to deliver value to our investors over the long-term. Finally, I would be remiss not to mention the catastrophic weather events that occurred during the third quarter, including Hurricane Irma and its impact on customers in our service region especially those in Georgia and Alabama. We experienced roughly 1.7 million outages system-wide that we were able to restore service in less than five days for customers who could accept service. Thanks to the close collaboration and tireless efforts of line crews and staff from all of our operating companies as well as others across the electric utility industry. Prior to that, we were pleased to contribute to efforts to help restore power outside of our own service territory in wake of damage incurred by Hurricane Harvey. Both of these recent restoration efforts represent an unprecedented collaboration between investor-owned utilities, municipal utilities and co-ops, along with tremendous support and cooperation for the United States Government. As a matter of fact, U.S. Department of Energy Secretary, Rick Perry, was a valued participant in all of our daily teleconferences, offering unfailing help at every opportunity. Thanks once again for joining us this afternoon. We will now move on to the question-and-answer portion of the call. Operator, we're now ready to take questions.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. Angie, thanks for the question. Look, I mean you've known us for decades, I bet. You can't really comment on any specific opportunity. As with Elizabethtown, as with AGL, we really pay attention to those being both a disciplined seller and buyer. We use roughly the same kind of threshold, et cetera. And so we'll apply that logic wherever we look and you know that we have an active radar screen. As I've said before in many different earnings calls, and one-on-ones and everything else, these deals are extraordinarily hard to get done. In order to balance the different objectives, first of customers, then of the companies and all the other external public, any attempt like this is a bit of a long putt. Certainly, time will tell, but I think that's probably my best answer right now.
Thomas A. Fanning: There's so many – especially there, there are so many moving pieces, it's just hard to see through them right now.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. As a normal course of financing, that the Toshiba guarantee is a part of the security package, underlying the DoE loan guarantees. And so we have to get a approval of essentially a change in the security package, not only for the existing loans outstanding, but anything new in the new commitment by DoE. OMB has a say in that and it's just taking some time for OMB to process a change in the security package. My belief is that they will get there and we will get this done. It's just taking a little bit of process.
Thomas A. Fanning: We pretty much said consistently that we're going to protect the financial integrity of Mississippi Power along the way. We'll see what unfolds. The process right now though, Paul, and everybody should understand, in a very painful way, we've taken the gasifier off the table. What's remaining to be evaluated under this rate process is a combined cycle asset that has been delivering round numbers about one-third of the energy to the customers in Mississippi Power, has had a reliability circumstance that is something less than 1% of equivalent outage rate where industry averages maybe three times or more times that. So this is a terrific asset, an economic asset and we expect to be treated fairly.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, I think I answered that question with Angie's question too, Paul. Listen, in representing the interest of shareholders, we try to be exceedingly disciplined whether we buy or sell, and that goes to companies, that goes to assets, that goes to everything we do. So taking all that into account, what is the best mix of Southern Company assets for the benefit of our long-term growth rate, our risk return profile, ultimately inuring to the benefit of shareholders. That's just the best way to leave that question, I think.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, you know the Georgia Commission has had a long track record of constructive regulation for the long-term benefit of customers. I think they'll follow that practice.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. Stephen, I think we should think about a better way to put those actions in context. We call this our modernization plan and largely, what we're doing is displacing O&M with capital. Why is that? What we're able to do now, we've been employing a business model for 100 years or more in the Southeast and what we see are opportunities now because technology is enabling it and because certain customers are requiring it, we're thinking about how to displace a historical practice, for example, in Georgia, being in every small town in the state with perhaps a more modern way to connect with customers. Interestingly, while we have reduced our local office physical presence in the state of Georgia, we have expanded our points of presence with customers, largely through technology. I think almost four times, I think that's about the right number. And interestingly also, we were very uncertain as to the effect that these changes may have in our customer base. I think last year, Georgia Power was named the most trusted utility in America and so we think those kinds of changes have helped. That's kind of in the customer-facing business. We're also evaluating changes in our generating fleet. Now, we have a long-term plan that speaks to kind of a transition between now and say, 2050, to the low to no carbon future that thinks about, what do we believe about nuclear, what do we believe about coal, the importance of natural gas infrastructure and renewables, and so you continue to see us exercise the latest thinking on technology improvements to our operation. The final thing I will say is this business model of making, moving and selling energy up to a meter and then having kind of a relationship where the customer does something with the energy on the other side of the meter and sends us a check every month, is changing. And that is, we have created, I think, a very important, but rather small, at least at this point, option with PowerSecure where in effect, we're taking some small steps what I would call creative destruction. That is creating the make, move and sell on the customer premises, allowing customers more control and we're doing this largely in areas that aren't in the Southeast. In other words, in the Southeast, we provide customers with the very best reliability, the lowest prices and the best service again in the United States. Once again, I think our top five utilities in customer satisfaction were our five utilities including Southern in that. And I think that's giving us another opportunity to think about the advent of technology in displacing what otherwise has been, what I would call, traditional service. We continue to seek ways – as Art mentioned, earlier in response to, I think it was Michael's call, but it was the idea of thinking more and more about how our CapEx budget may be impacted by these modernization efforts, along with that, in order to keep – because every time you add CapEx, that does an increase to the customer bill, we're going to try and make reductions in O&M to keep customer bills indifferent and still provide better reliability, better cost, better service.
Thomas A. Fanning: $0.23. We've been able to maintain our earnings through effective cost management. So I guess, and I'm describing these, there are kind of tactical changes and what I was describing earlier are kind of strategic changes in our cost structure. We've demonstrated year over year, over year, and if you look at almost any company, our actual performance compared to our guidance, we almost always hit it, we can't guarantee that for the future, but if you look at our track record, Southern Company is one of the most predictable and reliable earnings performers in the industry.
Thomas A. Fanning: Absolutely, yeah. No along the way, I won't speak to SCANA's issues. Our issues are very clear and that is, we've had Dr. Bill Jacobs, who is the independent monitor for the staff, the commission in Georgia. He's a terrific guy. He's had complete access to everything that we've done. He sits in the meetings with us. Gosh, I mean, all along the way, we've been exceedingly transparent with the commission and through him, with us and the staff as to all of the issues, whether they are cost, whether they are schedule going forward, everything has been on the table really through all of these VCM processes and it's easy, go look at the testimony. Further, as we went through this decision of whether to go, no-go, we've had lots of independent evaluations. We wanted to really cover this kind of idea soup to nuts, and so we've had a firm called Kenrich involved. PwC made an independent assessment. And of course, Fluor and Bechtel both made independent assessments. The Bechtel assessment ultimately has provided the foundation upon which we have a new commercial relationship where they have significant fees at risk. So, I think we've been, A, exceedingly transparent; and B, we've used that information not only in the past, but using it in the future to create, I think, an effective commercial relationship.
Thomas A. Fanning: It is clear. There is more cash coming in. I think the other thing that we need to make very clear is that when we think about any marginal equity increases in the future, the vast majority of them will be associated with this modernization effort in the operating companies, so those will represent additions for regulated investments.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, and those of you that are into the trivia, during the storm we lost in Georgia 9% of our load; for the month 2.2%; for the quarter 0.7%. So that kind of gives you the magnitude of the storm effects.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, Ali, we've been doing this really going back – I mean, I started this back when I was CFO of Mississippi Power, for heaven sakes, but we call it our flexible budgeting system where we identify things that we just have to do, we identify things that we want to do, and then if we had, for example, favorable weather, higher revenues, these are things that we would tee up and only do if we have the opportunity to do them. So we actually kind of fourth-rank O&M and we have a sense of priority over time. And really, since I've been CFO of Southern, so now that goes back, gosh, a decade or more, we do this comprehensively across the system. And it's enabled us in a very kind of sensible, orderly way where we get biggest bang for the buck to be able to handle variations in the economy and in weather. And we do that up to a confidence level and it's worked exceedingly well. Interestingly, with the gives and takes of weather, some years are hotter and some years aren't, we're able to satisfy what we think is a normalized O&M spending over a period of time. So some years it's up, some years it's down, and overall we've been able to deliver the results we need. And the demonstration of that is this reliability we have, the customer satisfaction we have, and the fact that we maintain low rate through this period. It's been exceedingly, exceedingly beneficial.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, number one, a lot of the variance in the estimate is already taken out. In other words, 95% of the equipment is already on-site. We have a healthy contingency included in the estimate, not only in cost contingency but also schedule contingency. We have incentive structures in the commercial relationship with Bechtel. I think Bechtel has given us an improved productivity set of metrics, which are all showing us since we've taken over the site from Westinghouse and Fluor that they're all headed in the right direction. And that is based on a schedule that calls for six months of contingency. So, in other words, if you think about it, the filing we're making, it's kind of a 29-month schedule extension. We're providing our own metrics for kind of a 23-month; therefore, a six-month contingency schedule. All of those things right now are pointing in the right direction. The real key to our success going forward and being able to hit these numbers really is going to go to commodity type of equipment and wire and pipes and stuff like that, but most importantly, the efficiency of labor at the site. The other thing I'll just say is that this company, me personally, have had a terrific relationship with Sean McGarvey over the years. The U.S. Building Trades has been a terrific partner in executing Vogtle 3 and 4. They were enormous supporters of ours through this very turbulent period with Westinghouse, and I think they understand that their ability to execute in a favorable way is critical to our overall success. And I believe that everything they can do to help in that endeavor will be done. So if you line up kind of commercial incentives, improved metrics, the type of work, the kind of cooperation we're having with the skilled labor on-site, I think we're feeling pretty good, but those are kinds of big variables.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. Michael, no. We think we've taken good estimate that allow for plenty of contingency. Their incentive is essentially half of their fee that is tied to both cost and schedule performance.
Thomas A. Fanning: So we have looked at some other things. We continue to get those questions. Gas infrastructure is another one of the so-called prominent solutions with the technology revolution provided by directional drilling and fracking and when you just look at the energy values, it looks as if gas is going to be around for a long, long time. And then we're seeing these kind of new opportunities we've done with Bloom, which is a gas feed. We have looked at some other gas pipelines in Georgia that we can speak to, but so far the kind of big interstate efforts, they haven't hit our thresholds. We did have a placeholder in the original SONAT obligations. It was over $200 million. I want to say $240 million or so that dealt with an expansion to the Southern Natural Gas system through Fairburn, Georgia. So we've done that. We have expanded even beyond our initial investment. Southern Gas already has their own kind of projects underway, and we're executing on those. The big other ones are kind of still out there and I think people are still trying to figure out how to get them done.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, Michael, that's a fascinating question and the way that we prefer to think about that is kind of as a region, how do we think this moves? Thinking about that question and its implication for just South Carolina may not be the optimal answer.
Thomas A. Fanning: And that source of equity and CapEx on the other side, we continue on the modernization efforts that are core to utilities.
Thomas A. Fanning: We are where we were, Jonathan. We're still on a 5% long-term trajectory. Of course, we'll update all this in the – whatever it is, the early February call next year.
Thomas A. Fanning: And it's a fascinating question as we sit through every two weeks or so in these project meetings. A lot of improving the pace of work is involved with opening up different work fronts. And if you look at our site compared, for example, to other sites, you will see kind of broader expansion, which will ultimately help us in a variety of fronts, not only just putting concrete and rebar and iron on the ground, but also in the regulatory process as we kind of streamline (53:30) and a variety of other things. So Art's right. I think the critical path for us right now is the nuclear island, but we're opening up a great deal of flexibility by moving on these other fronts, and that provides us a great deal of flexibility going forward in maintaining schedule.
Thomas A. Fanning: That's a 23-month schedule, that's right. And round numbers, fellows, correct me here, but I think if we were to bring it on in 29 months, this is around a 1.4 metric. So if you're below 1.4, you're not eating into any sort of contingency.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, Jonathan. We know of no real technical reason why they haven't loaded fuel. We can only surmise that it's just governmental approvals that they are waiting on.
Thomas A. Fanning: Hey, Jonathan, excuse me, let me just be very clear. 1.4 is equal to a 29-month schedule, 1.0 is equal to a 23-month schedule. If you're in between 1 and 1.4, that means you're in between 23 months and 29 months. I hope that's obvious, but just want to be very clear.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, listen, this is one of the most important projects in Georgia's economic history. And it was very clear to us, as we've been working through the challenges and now the opportunities available going forward, that we needed to be arm-in-arm. It's interesting. We do have a shared interest: the co-ops, the munis, City of Dalton, and Georgia Power in seeing this thing through the right way. And I think that's what that's a reflection of is really a joint interest in a participation.
Thomas A. Fanning: It's always possible. I've said that before in response to questions about settlements with Georgia's triennial filings, boy, always possible. But it's a great practice, some might say therapeutic practice to allow the process to continue and unfold. It allows everybody a seat at the table. Everyone's voice is relevant to be heard. I think we'll get the right conclusion whether we settle or not.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. There's a comprehensive effort across the system to figure out how and when to do these different initiatives. Stan Connally, currently CEO at Gulf Power is kind of leading that on behalf of all the CEOs, but I can tell you all the CEOs head different parts of this initiative. It's a really kind of exciting thing. It's a way to modernize the company. And recall, this is really being driven by market changes, both in technology and customer requirements.
Thomas A. Fanning: Sure. Gosh, yeah. And in fact, the whole objective here is to deploy the technology CapEx. I gave the example earlier of kind of reducing physical locations in small towns with a manifold increase in points of presence to customers, making it easier for customers to do business with us and actually improving as a result their satisfaction and ultimately their trust in the company. It really is a modernization as to how we approach the marketplace, but as you can imagine, this modernization goes into internal systems as well, not only generation and transmission and distribution, but even kind of supply chain, human resource, a variety of the so-called administrative areas. We're really pushing this notion of how can we modernize our operation and improve it for customers.
Thomas A. Fanning: We think those kinds of structures have immense more value than say, a solar asset dependent upon an organized market.
Thomas A. Fanning: Certainly gives us more flexibility with respect to changes in EPS growth and credit metrics. Our idea is to balance that, maintain our long-term commitment to shareholders.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, we always look at who's the best owner of any asset, and that goes to whether we buy it or sell it, right? So we always kind of take, and that should be viewed as a long-term look, okay? That's not a tactical thing. And we always also are very mindful of our impact with all the external publics that we face. So for example, when we even considered Elizabethtown, and like I said, on the day that we announced the AGL Resources merger, I got calls. So that was always an attractive asset in the market for a variety of folks. So as we think about going forward, it's going to be the combined math of all that. It really is kind of opportunistic, where do we think we are going to be in the next 5 to 10 years with that asset. Where will somebody else be? And remember, that's not just returns, that's risk and return. Value accretes to a function of risk and return. If we can reduce risk and improve returns, that's a home run. That's what we're trying to do, is just balance the portfolio.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes, exactly. I mean the math that we've shown before, you take 2017, you grow it 5%, reduce $0.08 to $0.10, grow that at 5% forever. That's kind of (1:08:38).
Thomas A. Fanning: Our 5% long-term growth rate, it depends on how that resolves itself. Whether those two units are treated the same way or whether you split them or how you deploy the cash. There's a few moving pieces in all that, but any consequence of, if we keep the settlement as is and we travel through, you will have just a brief divot in 2021 and 2022 , but you're back to the 5% when those things clear to in-service. It just looks like a year or two of underperforming against the 5%. But they clear to service, you're right back at the 5%. Our long-term growth rate is 5%.
Thomas A. Fanning: That's right. Hey, Steve, the other thing. I just want to be very clear about on this 5% and all that. We have been increasing dividends in a regular, predictable and sustainable way and that's because we believe in our long-term growth rate and even with the challenges that (1:10:54) at Kemper County, we increased the rate of growth from $0.07 to $0.08. We are setting our – of course, this is ultimately the purview of the board, but ultimately our dividend policy is set on a belief of the long-term 5% trajectory, so any kind of one year deviation due to a regulatory construct won't have an impact per se on our long-term dividend strategy. And that ultimately is what drives value.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes, sir. So let me first say that Kevin McCarthy, Kevin Brady had been terrific in really pushing this thing forward and certainly we've met with all the folks in the Senate. We understand and gotten the support in the White House. Here's my best guess. It's worth a cup of coffee or whatever, but let me be parochial. Production tax credit. I believe that there is unanimity in Congress in the House and ultimately in the Senate. I believe we'll get treated fairly and we will get either the timeline moved or eliminated for production tax credits for Vogtle. Now stepping out of my parochialism, for the industry, I think we will follow what was done in 1986 and that is I believe that we will not be accorded expensing of CapEx for public utility property as was originally defined back in 1986. And we will follow some – what we came up with back then was ACRS – but some ratable depreciation schedule for taxes kind of as we have now. And in exchange for that, we will retain the ability to deduct interest. That's where I believe we'll go out.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. And it's been a very sensible kind of engagement with Congress and these guys have been terrific in listening.
Thomas A. Fanning: They're giving us a big benefit. Look I get the benefit of expensing CapEx. It's just that our deployment of long-term capital is dependent largely upon generation and transmission and environmental expansion plans. We don't sway those one year or another based on tax benefits for heaven's sake. Those are really put in place over decades really. However the elimination of interest deductibility has an immediate negative impact on customers' cost of energy, so they're giving us a benefit with capital expensing that really isn't a benefit and they're hurting customers in the near-term. Especially energy bills tend to be the most kind of regressive form of tax. So the trade actually pays for itself. Let's keep on the tax depreciation schedule for CapEx and let's retain interest deductibility. Congress gets that and it's really important for the most capital intensive industries in the world.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, look it's a simultaneous equation. I mean, you've centered in on some important stuff. But boy it goes to greater net income because more of it or less of it is subject to taxes. Overall, we believe this is a fair trade for the whole industry including Southern. The other thing that's an impact to us is any sort of carry forward position or unused tax credit position gets extended with a lower tax rate but we've factored every bit of this into our financial plan.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, hey, you know what, we had a huge argument internally about this. We've all agreed, we're going to let the market kind of dictate what prices are. We really would prefer not to get into any sort of market valuation of where that may get.
Thomas A. Fanning: And you got to understand the way we finance Southern Power is apart from say project financing, it's a much simpler approach and gives us a lot more flexibility than say a project finance structure.
Thomas A. Fanning: And the other thing is, yes, we do talk net income because that translates directly into EPS, which translates directly into the stock value. We stay away from cash metrics. We tried to do something that's easy for people to value and if you look at Southern Power's track record, historically, they regularly beat their internal objectives.
Thomas A. Fanning: We'll go through this in detail in the next earnings call, but what you should expect is that Southern Power will contribute its previous share of EPS growth that it has all along. There is not at all an increase or a reduction. We are keeping exactly with the plan that we laid out in October of 2016 in terms of EPS, contribution to Southern Company.
Thomas A. Fanning: We don't think it's significant to our earnings picture, is the short answer. Hasn't been, don't think it will be.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes. I mean, I don't know, I mean the pluses are the fact that we were opportunistic in the market. We found a terrific buyer for Elizabethtown, and like I said, we had interest in that well before we had any equity need that Art started talking about. So that was really a culmination of a series of discussions over time. Southern Power, using tax equity, certainly has an impact on our equity needs going forward and we're able to maintain our EPS contribution to the overall 5% growth rate of Southern along the way. The other thing is the sale of minority interest of the Southern Power solar portfolio, it's certainly another cash raise that will be I think interesting to us. The monetization, as Art said before, the Toshiba guarantee, is really a time issue. In other words, we would have gotten that over 3-plus years, now we'll get it in a lump sum. So that's just timing. In terms of equity needs, I think it's whatever's associated to support the credit metrics and Mississippi Power associated with Kemper. Whatever we end up with approving with the Georgia Public Service Commission on Vogtle 3&4, and then the increases in CapEx and decreases in O&M associated with this business modernization plans in the OpCos. We will add all those pieces up, the puts and the takes, and have them in the financial plan first quarter next year.
Thomas A. Fanning: Dan, I bet you can read that both ways, right? Certainly, we have to be aware of and responsive to any of the issues that come to Public in South Carolina. I certainly can't comment on any of those for them, but I certainly can for us. The good news is that we've had this processed. It's VCM processed. It's proven to be such a blessing and the way we have worked with Dr. Jacobs has been so terrific. As well, every VCM process we've invited. It's been a welcoming kind of exercise to have any and all the interveners participate in what is now VCM 17 for heaven's sake. So this has been all a good process, and so I don't think we've had these kind of surprises at the Georgia Public Service Commission. So in general, I think we've been thoughtful in the process. The Commission has run a terrific kind of regime in evaluating Vogtle now over the years, and I think we have a thoughtful way to proceed and I think the other thing, just to be clear, when you look at the broad public support we have, whether it's statements by the Commission or the Governor or the legislature or the public polling that we do, our position is widely supported here in the state of Georgia. And I will say, we've had tremendous support out of the federal government. You should know that I think at the federal government level, our continued participation in Vogtle really does have significant national security concerns, and I think that's why you've seen such terrific support, and loan guarantees and support for getting the production tax credit through. We'll see how that ends up, but a host of other issues, the NRC, I should be very mindful to thank them and streamlining the ITAC process. We've eliminated a lot of the tests, or consolidated the tests, I should say. And we just continue to get great kind of support going forward. We still have to execute. There's still risk on the table. We completely get that, but boy, oh boy, I think this is a good external environment in which to move forward.
Thomas A. Fanning: And I think as Art said earlier, when you look at these kinds of things, when you see words like containment building, that is kind of pointing to critical path items.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, I just want to thank everybody. It's an exciting time, and thank you for your patience. I know we got a lot of positive activities going on right now and I know some of those positive activities are not going to be dimensionable until they're executed. We expect to see a lot more information on that in the next quarter and certainly, by our next earnings call, we'll have a much more thorough explanation as to the gives and takes and what that means to our growth rate going forward. We feel very confident in our path. We're excited about the future and we appreciate your attention and participation as an investor. Thanks very much.
Arthur P. Beattie: Yes, that, Greg, plus any modernization initiatives that might come about included in the plan or excluded from the plan. There's lots of moving parts yet, so this is just a preview, but we'll give you more to chew on in the next call.
Arthur P. Beattie: You're correct. We think we can eliminate the need in the short run. The monetization will actually equal itself out over time, but it will certainly help in the short run.
Arthur P. Beattie: We've had discussions with regulators, but there's been no finalization of that. What we would recommend is that they apply it to the construction work in progress balance and that would provide for a rate reduction in their NCCR rate, which would benefit customers in the short run and will accrue AFUDC once we pass this $4.4 billion benchmark.
Arthur P. Beattie: Yeah. Stephen, one other comment in that regard, if you look at our consolidated as-reported earnings, it shows a pretty hefty increase in non-fuel O&M year-over-year, on a year-to-date basis, but most of that increase is due to the inclusion of Southern Gas, which was not in last year's year-to-date number. So if I look at the electric operating companies' same period, they're down almost 6% year-over-year. So, there are a lot of moving parts in that regard.
Arthur P. Beattie: I think near-term, we have certainly – as we've said before, near-term, they are a lot less than what we had outlined on our last call. But as you go through time, especially related to the increased cost associated with Vogtle, the potential increase in modernization efforts, which are all part of our upcoming plan that we'll talk more about in February. So, yeah, there's lot of moving parts, but I think you're getting the gist of it. And all that slide was intended to do is to let you know that there's a lot of stuff going on.
Arthur P. Beattie: Well, I think this year is partially explained, at least in the quarter, by the hurricane, which you could technically call it weather, but we don't pull that out specifically and residential weather normal sales were down 2%. I think some of that was influenced by the hurricane and the outages associated with that. Industrially, it's not been as strong as we thought it would be, but we expect that the momentum for the rest of this year and into 2018 will be stronger. So that number could improve by year-end. When we think about our long-term forecast, we're still kind of in the low – we always say, I think last year, 0 to 1%, but right now, I think for 2017, we had estimated 0.3%. And we'll update you on our new forecast in our plan in February.
Arthur P. Beattie: Yeah. There are some details yet that have to be filled in and we'll give you on the next call, but I think you're thinking about it right. 2017 and then a lot of 2018 will be mitigated as well. We'll just have to wait and see until all the moving parts kind of settle down a little bit.
Arthur P. Beattie: Yeah, I think you want to focus on where our critical path issues are and I think you would define that as the power block. That would be the nuclear island and the turbine building, and that's where we'll focus most keenly on productivity because those are the most important aspects of the unit in order to meet the schedules that we've outlined. And right now, we're on goal with all those metrics, but you're right, there are different approaches to different aspects of construction around the site.
Arthur P. Beattie: Well, they're directly linked to each other. To the degree we identify additional opportunities there, we'll have to identify the O&M that goes along with it from a timing perspective in order to minimize the impacts on rates. So one will lead to the other. We have not outlined size at this point, Paul. We will give you more detail on that on our next call. We're not quite through with our process yet.
Arthur P. Beattie: Yeah, we believe so. There are investors out there, we think they're looking for passive kind of deployment of capital into 20-year average life assets, very predictable, high-quality kind of cash flows coming off of that. So we think there's value in the marketplace.
Arthur P. Beattie: Well, we target that overall of our OpCo, so I think over the longer term, we certainly can achieve that target. That's the stake we have put in the ground in order to achieve and the use of proceeds from these asset sales. We'll eliminate some equity need, but we'll also reduce debt as well to maintain our progress towards those targets.
Arthur P. Beattie: Well, it was a piece of the fact that we no longer would have an earning asset related to the Kemper project, and the additional equity need that it would create from the write-off. So I don't have the splits for you, but I think we could get them to you. $0.05 to $0.06 I think was the earning asset and then another $0.03 to $0.04 for the equity.
Arthur P. Beattie: No. I still think it's still the best approach towards our earnings guidance for 2018 going forward. It's still an early assessment yet. And we'll clear that up certainly in the next call, but it's still our best guess as to where we see ourselves going and what we're trying to achieve over the longer term.
Arthur P. Beattie: Yeah. Actually on Elizabethtown, we expect there will be a taxable gain, but oddly enough, it could result in a slight book loss, which is kind of odd, but that has to do with a lot of...
Arthur P. Beattie: And then, of course, it depends on what happens whether we do a transaction with the solar assets or not, but more than likely that would result in a tax gain as well.
Arthur P. Beattie: The other issue around the debt is junior subordinated debt, which will add some equity characteristics to it, from a rating agency perspective it's more friendly.
Arthur P. Beattie: Yeah, we finance even at Southern Power, we finance on a portfolio basis. So they've got 45% equity ratio. We would use proceeds to reduce debt and equity.
Arthur P. Beattie: Well, I think, Julien, the way we like to talk about it is we think there could be up to 26 solar projects included in this. There may be as much as 1,700 megawatts and these are 20-year average contract lives. We just think that the cash flows for a passive investor, there's lots of interest in that, and that's kind of the target that we've outlined here.
Arthur P. Beattie: And our intent of selling this portion of solar assets is a one-time thing. There is no ongoing right that we would like to offer to that owner to buy future additions to the solar portfolio.
Arthur P. Beattie: Dan, most of those are commodities, wire, just equipment necessary to complete the construction of the assets. So, most of the major components are on the ground.
Arthur P. Beattie: Yeah. Dan, we've got a slide in the appendix, I believe. It's slide 13, that we'll outline a lot of that stuff for you, both the near term progress items and then horizon projects. And it outlines them for both Unit 3 and Unit 4.
Steve Fleishman: Yeah, hi, good afternoon. Hey, Tom. Just one question on the – I guess, it ties in with the growth rate, but also with the Vogtle monetization and Toshiba monetization. Just you have this ROE reset thing that in 2021 for a period until the units are up. Can monetization in some way help address that and just how are you going to deal with that in like a growth rate, are you not going to look out to that period? Because it's temporary anyway.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then just is there a way that if you're able to get some of the money and kind of delay getting above that cost cap that you could limit this period. I mean obviously if you get the plants up sooner, that limits the period but...
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then just, I'm curious, maybe you talked about this upfront, tax reform. I'd be curious to kind of your view given you are so close to it. How you're feeling about the outcome coming out in a way that like some of the utility sector issues are addressed the right way, I guess particularly the bonus and interest deduction.
