Tom Fanning: Thanks, Art. After a successful year in 2014, Southern Company has entered the New Year with strong momentum. We see a franchise business that is operating better than ever, solidifying its position as an industry-leader in all phases of the business. We see important progress on major capital projects and we continue excel with our customer focused business model. We also see a strengthening economy and a region poised to grow in the months and years ahead. In short, we believe Southern Company is well-positioned to succeed in 2015 and in the years ahead, behind the strength of our 26,000 employees and their commitment to provide clean, safe, reliable and affordable energy to the customers and communities we serve. Southern Company is keenly focused on remaining an industry leader for the long-term and forward thinking decisions with regard to our generating portfolio a key aspect of that effort. But the evolution of our business does not stop there, we recently announced the launch of a energy innovation center to be located in Atlanta's Technology Square, while we remain stead fast in our commitment to excel the fundamentals of making, moving and selling and consuming electricity. We also understand that the way in which customers use energy may change over time. The energy innovation centers is just one way in which we are working to anticipate the future and lead the way with the development of new energy innovation. Going forward we will continue to build on our long history of inventing the future by relying on the thinking of our entire work force and with potential such as [Meth] and other major established and new entrants to the energy industry. Initial possibilities involve expanding the motion of energy infrastructure to assets beyond the meter un-manned aerial vehicles, hydrogen production from underutilized generating facilities and desalination plants. As Art indicated earlier the strength of our underlying franchise as well as our continued focus on remaining an industry leader through innovation underpin the Board's decision last week to increase our dividend which supports our objective of providing superior risk adjusted total shareholder return to investors over the long-term. We are now ready to take your questions. Operator we will now take the first question.
Tom Fanning: Just as we described there is two paths, one is we’ve been having as you all know prolong series of discussion with the staff, we continue to think they’re constructive. I think the result of a settlement could in essence preserve and form the rate structure that we put in place in 2013. Failing to reach a settlement, we will file a rate increase in a conventional rate case. It is conceivable you could file the rate case and file the settlement at the same time. But those are the two paths.
Tom Fanning: No, that’s not the case. The settlement would essentially preserve the structure which would mimic what was approved in 2013.
Tom Fanning: It’s part of the – yes, it was in the base already. And what we’ve done is I think the change here, it’s on the graph we showed, is that we essentially have spoken for all the placeholders in '15, so we’re very confident of hitting our numbers for Southern Power in '15.
Tom Fanning: We feel really good about hitting our placeholders in '16 also but we’re not as the stage we're ready to declare those as part of base. We’ve improved it by 100 million.
Tom Fanning: So we continue to have constructive discussions there. One of the things I think we tried to highlight in the initial remarks it that we can see our way through to some ways to improve the schedule that the contractors have delivered to us. We’ve been pretty clear about that in our disclosures. So we continue to work with them and we’re trying to find ways to reach an amicable kind of resolution to that.
Tom Fanning: Yes, at a risk of falling into fed speak too, there is fascinating development and some of the things we’re seeing are better than but in some ways mimic what we’re seeing nationally. Better than clearly in the industrial growth sector, even surprising to us how strong it is. And even probably better than what we’re showing we think that chemicals for example was slightly negative but those were outages. So we expect to see chemicals rebound and recall a continuing theme has been segments which are dependent upon natural gas, well those are going to be really strong we think for the rest of the year. The only kind of cloud on the horizon there primary metals and we think that’s kind of strong dollar, strong imports low oil prices and therefore metal associated with the pipeline is probably slowing down a bit. But one the things that I think is really interesting that Art alluded to on the residential sector we are starting to see a pickup in household wealth formation, it’s pretty modest but still a pickup. Interestingly the fed guys are concerned by that, in that it looks like they are not consuming this pick up in either the top line revenue or a reduction in cost like lower gasoline prices, they are saving it. We are within kind of an historical range of savings rates so it’s not particularly troubling to me. And frankly if households are reducing debt or investing or even just putting money in a checking account for now at least they are less exposed, they are more resilient to future economic dislocations. So it’s not all bad, value is a function of risk and return, and GDP growth is return, increased savings rates is improvement in risk. So it’s not all bad and when you consider that the United States GDP was 0.2% growth in the first quarter you look at our numbers clearly better. We feel pretty good about our prospects going forward.
Tom Fanning: No, if you remember too, one of things I think we said this before Art was the lower end of our range was down by Southern Power not filling in its complement of CapEx, it kind of lived with the base scenario. We think we’re there for 2015 and potentially could even improve.
Tom Fanning: Yes. We only adjust that kind of once a year, right. We come out every January and we give guidance for the year on our long-term growth estimate and then we only update that in our October call once we’ve gotten through the big earnings month in the summer.
Tom Fanning: Actually, we’re looking for a little more improvement. The expectations for the year in terms of segments.
Tom Fanning: And when we came up with the $0.55 estimate for the first quarter, almost exactly expected this levels O&M.
Tom Fanning: He has not signed it to our knowledge, but I can tell you all this is very consistent with our plan I have always tried to position the company as given whatever business circumstances exist for us to find ways to play often. And to the extent distributor generations becomes important to the customers to this state it is the clear mission of our businesses to provide that service and those assets to our customers. So we fully support any development with respect to distributed generation whether that's rooftop solar or some ideas that they were storage or community solar or financing or anything else. Now whether we do that ourselves or do it through third parties our job is to find ways to succeed in this changing business environment. And I think we're demonstrating that in a superb way.
Tom Fanning: Anthony the only thing I can tell you I don't want to characterize the decision that's kind of in front of these folks, but if you look at the broad based support that the company has enjoyed to ask the Supreme Court to reconsider their decision in the amicus briefs, including the task to me it is an obvious decision that benefits the citizens of Mississippi to pursue the settlement or at least restore what the Supreme Court validated in its recent order, either one of those is I think in a broad sense the obvious way to go in the state.
Tom Fanning: Yes, here's some fascinating supporting data. We're actually looking at several opportunities and active discussions, will see how that goes. When you think about it before I came into this role we were consuming coal 70% of our energy came from coal and then 15% from natural gas. When you look at recent history 1.5 bcf per day, now this year may be as high as 1.9 and depending on what happens with 111 (d) and a variety of other things that per day gas consumption can average somewhere around 2.3 bcf per day. So, when you think about the attractiveness of Southern Company being one of the nation's largest consumers of natural gas, our value as a kind of key tenant to any of the infrastructure that needs to be build out to meet that kind of demand really gives us some opportunities to pursue a variety of investments and we're all over with that stuff, so we'll see what happens.
Tom Fanning: This goes way back even when I was CFO and COO, so we’re talking now 10 years ago we’ve been kind of kicking that around. And back then we weren't consuming that much natural gas and it wasn’t as important. But certainly it’s an idea that has merits and as natural gas becomes more important to us especially given its volatility relative to other fuel stocks we we'll certainly keep that on the front burner of ideas. In any case we would not want to take price risk on molecules in the ground this would all fuel clause related issue.
Tom Fanning: So many of you on the call may remember in 2014, I want to say it was the summer and a Q&A session that’s by far some policy center I think after a talk I made that I did alluded the fact that we would be I forget delighted to consider new nuclear. The steps that would be taken first would be to essentially begin the permitting process to undertake a new plant, not necessarily to commit to build a new plant. So in essence it’s fairly modest dollars in order to secure the option. And we moved along and then we were hit in December with the change in schedule put forth by our contractor group. We were very clear that we don’t believe that the contractors are doing everything they can do in order to fully mitigate their schedule per the requirements of the contracts. And so what I said at that time was that I thought it was sensible for us to set aside a lot of talk about new projects until we came to more resolution as to the commercial dispute. It is clear to me that if the contractors want to succeed in the United States with AP1000 then they need to perform well on Votgle 3 and 4. It is in fact the benchmark plant for all AP1000s going forward. So, you can draw your own conclusions as to their motives.
Tom Fanning: So we try to kind of suggest that in the prepared remarks at the outset. I think there is a clear opportunity to advance some scheduled mitigation with new Newport News, that’s our opinion. And it’s not only production of their facilities but also the installation of the panels. We need to make sure that all of that is done well. Also you must know that, especially those of you that have visited the site we encourage everybody on the phone if you can figure out a way to get to the site, we love showing it off. I think the people that were there were I think really struck with the kind of progress and quality of the work there. We have an enormous quality assurance program and as licensee of the plant we ultimately are responsible for having the right kind of plant built there. Our QA program has been focused not only on site but also at places like Lake Charles, and I think our working with the contractors itself put them in the position where now we essentially have been able to accept production out of that facility and go ahead and put it in the production process. As we move to more work inside the nuclear island that kind of process improvement, quality assurance and ultimately production on site is going to move the needle in the right direction. So we remained relentlessly focused on ways to work with them to do that. And I would argue in the past quarter or so I think we've made some progress in our thinking.
Tom Fanning: Well it’s largely focused on E&Ps recovery of economic development projects. It does authorize the PSE to deem the natural gas reserves are used and useful as utility plan or whatever. So a similar concept -- so it is something we would consider as there is natural gas kind of generation in Mississippi I think once you're post Kemper rank with 3rd coal gas and Kemper. A similar concept that we have at Kemper is in fact that the Lignite mine. It’s a similar idea where essentially we own the Lignite and it’s in rate days and it serves to hedge kind of any future price swings. Remember that is almost no volatility going forward. So it’s certainly a valid idea something we consider and make sense.
Tom Fanning: Sure. I think to the extent those assets ever get flipped, so what have you. I think we’re a natural buyer. One of the things that we always kind of think about is for any of our assets and although we tend to acquire some you know we sold some and swapped some, who is the best owner. And we always seek to achieve that position. So I think there will be opportunities for us, should those assets ever come to the market for us to be a strong player in acquiring that, that maybe a Southern Power or could be at the OpCo.
Tom Fanning: No, absolutely we could and in fact I try to suggest that in that little funny sense right there and there is probably more to come if you remember that sense. We’ve done a lot of business in Georgia, we’ve done four times 30 with DOD facility and there is more to come. So I’m very bullish on that. We’ve had a terrific relationship with the DOD. You know, that the DOD has a renewable mandate goal what have you and I think we were probably the first ones in the United States to work with them constructively to fulfill that mandate.
Tom Fanning: We don’t think it’s a big deal right now. Look, I don’t think there is any evidence in my opinion there is very little evidence, no evidence Southern Power has any market power in the Southeast. I think it was a reaction by the first half that basically pointed out that there was not much activity in our auction mechanism that we had put in place, really up until 2014. In 2015 we introduced kind of a tweak on that auction process which increased the activity of the auction many folds. But you got to understand through this period we’ve been a net purchaser not seller. So heaven sake I don’t know how we exercise market power as a net purchaser of energy.  Number two, the southeast has been traditionally a bilateral market and people are very happy. There has been no contention at FERC that suggest that there is something wrong with the auction process we have in place. This in fact was flow by the FERC that basically is raising a question where I am not sure there is any problem at all. So we have a chance to respond and we we'll provide our evidence and have a good constructed dialogue with FERC and we'll see how it goes. In the near-term you should think about that in the next three to five years. At least the thinking we've done so far there is almost no potential adverse financial impact from this.
Tom Fanning: And I think we've suggested in the past that kind of as we start to wind down our CapEx and if you look at our CapEx slide kind of, what was it to 6.8 to 5.5 or to 4.3 or something like that. We're probably over-equitized to some degree. So there is not pressure to sell more equity.
Tom Fanning: We've already filed a prudency record last year. So we think all the evidences there necessary for the commission to act right now.
Tom Fanning: Yes. That's a fascinating question and I wish I had my map and my pointer and it really depends on what you believe at 111 (d) and what we do with other kind of the display co-assets should they arise, recall under their half [mac or math] we went from kind of 20,000 megawatt down the 13,000 with 4,000 total unit being retired -- being converted to gas 3,000 retired completely. By EPAs own math and I'm not going to stand by their math because I frankly don't believe it's a achievable in the timeframe as they do. But they would have us retire enough coal down about 4,000 megawatt, so what do you do, do you convert that to gas? Do you build Greenfield gas where do you build it? If you want to think about the way the pipes work in the southeast there is kind of tow big themes. The normal conventional historical theme would has come from the west and you got a lot of pipelines that kind of run from the gulf of Mexico up through the North Western part of Georgia if you want to think about it that way. Where you don't have a whole lot of distance to cover, you have some embedded costs that are attractive. And we could certainly link in to systems to the west. And there is even if not just Gulf of Mexico stuff right, there is Fayetteville and some other areas out there that are shale gas related. The other theme would come out of kind of the north and so you would think about pipes that may come down north to south and kind of approach our territory more from the east. And so we'll see how that goes, you are talking about probably more expensive pipes so can you get a basis difference than the gas between the north and say Henry hub looking and kind of proxy. So that's really the two big themes in gas infrastructure that we seem to see.
Tom Fanning: So, what’s interesting Shar is that right now there is an enormous rush to get stuff done particularly in solar before the end of '16. And certainly that has filled up our wheelbarrow of capital placeholders for '15 and we feel really good about where we are for '16. The wind deal was a way to startle in fact it was interesting one of our own directors used the phrase that did it and kind of the development activity of renewables and therefore earnings associated with the renewable. The other thing that’s fascinating is as we start to consider kind of beyond renewable to 111 (d) we’ll probably have a final rule there in summer, say August. The States will now have to start providing for the reality of compliance with that rule and therefore we got to start thinking about gas. And remember as I suggested earlier on the call if we’re going to do new gas generation we need new gas infrastructure. Those things can go hand in hand and filling in that kind of flat spot.
Tom Fanning: So we’re really following through on what we said we would do. It’s funny. It’s kind of what you say and how you say it, I guess. What we’ve been saying here been pretty consistent for a while now that we thought that renewables will be important certainly solar renewables through '15 and '16 while you have the 30% investment tax credit environment, and that kind of beyond ‘16 into '17 and '18 where 30% goes to 10 all of a sudden wind starts looking like a way to address that gap. Also you should know the strategic synergy we started procuring wind energy via contract. So for us to take an equity position and win puts us in a different posture than we have been before. With respect to the YieldCo you know that we’ll consider anything but I think on balance we felt that Southern Company itself was a YieldCo anyway we have really efficient ways to raise capital. I think it introduces complexity into your balance sheet and long-term I’m not sure that north of the benefit of shareholders it certainly has short-term appeal but I would never want to impair the long-term viability of this company by doing financial engineering or tricks. The other thing you should just know and let’s just point out again we haven't really talked about on this call but we have another call. We have terrific tax appetite and given our scale, given our tax appetite you know that we’ve always been conservative; our tax appetite remains the competitive advantage for us to play in these fields. Linking that with our experience with the major vendors our low cost of capital, access the capital markets, I think the developers they want to do something significant look to Southern as the premier partner right now. That’s why we have been able to fill up our [advance] card.
Tom Fanning: Tell me about it. Look, we’re in start up right now. There is a submission of construction left but we’re essentially in start up, and the team there is working wonderfully. We brought in a guy that has had a tremendous amount of experience in start up of these types of processes Chip Troxclair, he and his team have really done a dynamite job of stay on the schedule and working around the issues. It’s refreshing to us as well. They’re doing a great job.
Tom Fanning: Yes. Thank you. Listen everybody we appreciate you been on the call. I think the company's is off to a great start as we've said to franchise for some time now has been in a good as shape as it's ever been. We continue to execute like champions and we're going to do our best to make sure that our shareholders here are handsomely rewarded. Thanks very much. Talk to you soon.
Art Beattie: The Kay Wind facility the benefits are not investment tax credits, they’re production tax credits. So I don’t recall the '16 benefit but it should not benefit '15 at all, it will be a '16 addition.
Art Beattie: Jim, our expectation was for the year about 3% GDP growth that was underlying our forecast of low growth this year of the 1.3%. We’ve had a very strong economy here in the Southeast, I think our numbers and results reflect that as we outlined in the scripts that’s driven by the industrial sales growth. But we’re beginning to see movement on the residential and the commercial land as well, this is the first quarter in about four years where we’ve had positive growth in all three customer classes. So we think it’s broad based and if we look at employment growth both in the manufacturing sector and in other sectors, it’s beating the national numbers. So the economy in the southeast has been a bit stronger in our view than what we’re seeing on the 0.2%.
Art Beattie: Like 1.4 on commercial about one on residential and 1.7 on industrial, so we’re bit ahead of our industrial numbers. We're still about a little way to go on commercial.
Art Beattie: The first quarter was a bit of an anomaly, you may remember Mark that first quarter of last year we deferred a lot of the expenses at Alabama Power they were non-nuclear outage costs under an accounting order that they were operating under last year. And then also if you look at year-over-year there were more megawatts out this year across the system than it were last year. So there are more outage costs this year. And then you just got normal growth for the rest that's a big piece of it is well. So if we look at what we expect for the year I still think my guidance from the last call was about 3% to 3.5% growth in non-fuel O&M for the year still applies and the first quarter is just kind of an outlier that will correct itself through the year.
Art Beattie: Ali, it’s both of those I mean the Supreme Courte could certainly reconsider their decision that obviously and think about the broad supporting the state just about everybody in the state that we had huge participation in the amicus briefs. But tailing that we could reach a global settlement which would in effect mimic many of the characteristics of the original rate order that was entered into in 2013, we could get that as well. We think any those are better than filling for 40% increase in the rate case but we’ll see how it goes, those are the path we will follow.
Art Beattie: Sure. And then I suggested on the call earlier today that another alternative for us to file the settlement proposal, at the same time would temper us with the conventional rate case.
Art Beattie: Yes, Ali just recall last year we issued 800 million versus the 600 week plan. So we're a bit ahead of where we thought we'd be. We don't really have any scenarios in which in the foreseeable future even with the Southern Power investments that we have outlined in our CapEx program where we would need more equity. It would have to be in access of the amounts that we forecast and you can see we filled up our bucket in 2015 on placeholder projects and we strive away to go 2016. So I think we're good to give you a feel for I don't have a number to give you about where we are in the limit, but I think we're in pretty good shape.
Art Beattie: Michael we didn’t record any mere equipped revenue in the first quarter but there were some impacts for equity return on some other pieces that actually went back into fourth quarter of last year where we un-book some of that but it was very -- it was all really deferred. I don’t have a number to give you but I can give you some math to recall.
Art Beattie: Well, all of that was never going to the income per se it was all being booked on the balance sheet as a regulatory liability and it was going to be used to offset rate increases as the plant went into service over time that was the whole design of mere [equipped].
Art Beattie: Recall that the combined cycle that’s running right now is running on natural gas. Ultimately we have been working with the commission on an arrangement in which when you think about it when we had the project certified there was a capital cost component and then there was an energy cost component. And what we’ve been able to kind of think about in the settlement is a way for us to essentially assure that Mississippi customers are held harmless from any comp over runs we’ve done that painfully for all of us. And then otherwise to assure that the energy benefits are there for Mississippi's customers and I think we can get that done. Now you all must recognize that when plant Radcliffe was originally approved this is a process that occurred in 2009 and 2010 and remember we only had 10% of the engineering done, there's been a host of changes in a variety of fronts including natural gas prices, commodity prices, all host of things. I think what we would undertake to do is make sure that we could deliver the energy benefit that the commission thought they were getting when the project was approved. We’ve already spoken for the capital cost. I think we can get that done.
Art Beattie: If you look at our CapEx budget in terms of growth CapEx in 2017 it’s like $200 million but solar projects so it’s very, very small compared to '15, '16.
Art Beattie: I believe the Alabama took advantage and issues from vision of that this year. It actually did some refunding that probably wasn’t reflected in the schedule we showed you on the last call. Mississippi bank debt was really a renewal of bank notes that were maturing this year that was about 775 million maturing this year and we actually renewed those plus a couple of hundred million or 175 million or so of additional money and really that's serving as bridge financing for until we get into position where we can either go to capital markets or do our securitization financing.
Art Beattie: Yes, well we talked a little about customer growth in the residential side. We added 16,000 new I think last year we added 10 in the first quarter. So pretty good jump in growth. I think if you do a year-over-year look it's about 37,000 increase if you look at year what we have added since the first quarter of last year 37,000 you may recall that prior to the recession we were adding almost 60,000 or more a year, so it's not back to where it was but it' showing stronger growth.
Art Beattie: I don't have last quarter's slide in front of me but I believe that what you're seeing there is still kid of consistent with where we are the biggest new module, CA04 module is not a very big one neither are CD-65 or CD-66. So the next biggest module for the Unit 4 will be CA20 and we mentioned that in the script that is just now beginning assembling in the MAB the module assembling building.
