Andrew W. Evans: Thanks, Tom. The $1.1 billion pre-tax charge reported for Georgia Power, which translates to a $790 million after-tax charge is an estimate of the increase in future cash expenditures for the project. However, in recognition of our commitment to the credit quality of both Georgia Power and Southern Company, we plan to issue approximately $800 million in incremental common equity through the remainder of 2018. Likewise, Southern Company will contribute this equity down to Georgia Power to maintain its target capital structure and credit profile consistent with the Georgia PSC's Tax Reform Order earlier this year. This incremental equity is expected to come from the types of sources that we've used in the past. While our future financing activities are subject to market conditions and other factors, our current financing plan does not assume any discrete equity offerings or block sales. All else being equal, we project these additional shares to equate to approximately $0.02 of EPS dilution in 2019 and to reach approximately $0.05 by 2020 or 2021 as the project spends and the estimated increase cost to complete are included to complete the project. Even with these efforts, we do not anticipate any change to our 4% to 6% long-term EPS growth rate guidance. We expect to continue evaluating opportunities to offset these effects and optimize our overall financial plan, including additional investor-friendly sources of funds. I will now turn the call back to Tom for a brief update on recent initiatives.
Andrew W. Evans: Thanks, Tom. For the second quarter of 2018, we reported a loss of $154 million or $0.15 a share. This compares with a loss of $1.38 billion or $1.38 per share in the second quarter of 2017. For the six months ended June 30, 2018, we reported earnings of $784 million or $0.77 per share compared with the loss of $723 million or $0.73 a share for the same period in 2017. Excluding charges associated with Vogtle, Kemper and other items described in our earnings material, earnings for the second quarter of 2018 and the six month period ended June 30, 2018 were $0.80 and $1.69 per share respectively. These results compare with $0.73 and $1.39 per share on an adjusted basis for the same period since 2017. Major year-over-year earnings drivers for adjusted second quarter 2018 results include the positive effects of constructive regulatory outcomes and weather at our state-regulated utilities and increased contributions from Southern Power's renewables fleet. These impacts were partially offset by increased depreciation and amortization, as well as operations and maintenance costs. Before I turn the call back over to Tom, I want to provide our outlook for the remainder of 2018. Historically, we have not provided updates to our year end EPS guidance until we report third quarter results. In light of our performance year-to-date, which is tracking ahead of our plans on an adjusted basis and the impacts of reducing our new equity needs with the Florida asset transactions, we're updating our adjusted EPS guidance for the full year 2018 to $2.95 to $3.05. Finally, our estimate for the third quarter adjusted EPS is $1.05. Tom, I'll now turn the call back over to you for closing remarks.
Andrew W. Evans: I think the best way to think about it is current populations are at about two-thirds of what the expectation is...
Andrew W. Evans: And Steve I'd say that the Direct Schedule Performance Index and the Direct Cost Performance Index that we show you is based on that April time schedule.
Andrew W. Evans: And Julien just to give you a little bit of this – a flavor of this mechanically because look the expenses are probable, we will take that write-down at Georgia Power reduces equity, we will – however it is paid out over time, this is part of our future expectation for constructed costs. But because we want to maintain the capitalization there for regulatory purposes, we will inject the $800 million today. This will improve FFO to debt in the near term, but certainly the expectation is that it will be used to fund construction over the longer-term.
Andrew W. Evans: Yeah. I'd say, one of the largest items is the success we've had with tax reform implications in each of the state regulatory jurisdictions. And so we've seen very positive and productive outcomes from Georgia in particular that relates to both the power and the gas LDC and also in Alabama.
Andrew W. Evans: Pretty decent run rate, as you've seen in the third quarter as a lot of the stuff matures. The biggest driver in the future will be the increase in equity content in the Alabama utility – in Alabama Power and so we'll just have to track that through the next couple of quarters.
Andrew W. Evans: Ali, I think that's probably a fair way to think about it. We'll use our traditional programs of dividend reinvestment and then also sort of an at-the-market program that will begin shortly. But our intent is to move that equity out commensurate with some of the spend that we're doing. And even though our projection has changed, the 36-month timeframe really is intact.
Andrew W. Evans: And Ali, we're asked this question quite a bit. What's core and what's non-core? And reality is that it's – the simple answer is that it is all core. There are certainly some things around the edges at the margin that we have to be responsive to, but we think we've built a portfolio of assets that we really enjoy operating.
Andrew W. Evans: Yeah. Angie, that's a great question. In fact let me just hit that one first and I will come back to your first one I think. When you think about – another way to think about what we did with the Florida assets, we sold 5% of our earnings that goes to your point of, well you are increasing your exposure, but we sold 5% of our earnings at that time about 12% of our market cap. It was enormously accretive. And when you think about exposure to earnings when we do accretive things, it actually decreases the exposure from an accretion dilution standpoint. So I think when you look at the results cash Elizabethtown same thing, it was the highest valuation ever paid to our knowledge anyway, 37 times earnings on a gas distribution asset. So I think the way you should view any sort of these investor-friendly divestitures have been, it's not sales at the market, because sales at the market would do exactly what you're suggesting. These are sales well above our current valuation and therefore they are accretive and they are accretive to the point of overcoming any exposure – any increased exposure to Vogtle 3 and 4. I think the math will bear that out pretty clearly. On the first part of your question, you referred to steel play. Let me be very clear with everybody. And I think we've said this in several calls that the major equipment is onsite, we don't have big exposure to that. We do have almost – I guess most of our steel is already purchased. We do have commodities, but we think we're accounting for that in this estimate. And the commodities go to the really small things. It goes to the small pipe, it goes to the wire and cable. I think the issue really does go more to deployment of productive labor onsite and maintaining hours worked per month so that we can hit the schedule and everything else that we adhere to. And so far our estimate of schedule remains at – we are confident on 29 months and we're performing ahead of that right now. So I guess that's what I'd say. Even the subcontracts, which was a big part of what we started seeing here in late May, when we started letting out the subcontracts and they turned out to be significantly above cost from what we estimated in the original ETC those tend to be labor related as well.
Andrew W. Evans: And I think that's pretty consistent with what you always talk about, Tom, in terms of risk and return. And Praful we focus really on evaluating the growth of an asset. It's opportunity for investment, its scale and its scope. And so it really is a multi-variable equation. We do have to compare it to the costs to our shareholders of issuing additional equity. I think we feel comfortable certainly in the $3.8 billion that Tom talked about today that that really is equity that can be issued in normal course without a lot of pressure, but we will still evaluate all options versus five or six major investment criteria within the core, but we have to take advantage of dislocations where the market is valuing certain segments of the portfolio maybe more aggressively than others.
Andrew W. Evans: Well, maybe I'll try to answer a couple of the specifics that you asked related to what we've based-off of and what the implications are. And if you think back sort of the seminal event for us was tax reform which led to a pretty substantial equity requirement so that we could maintain credit quality of each of the underlying utility subsidiaries and so generally when we talk about growth it is off of the 2017 baseline that that established. And as Tom said, we've been working toward a 4% to 6% range. We felt like the opportunistic sale of the Florida properties reduced the equity burden and pushed us further up into the 4% to 6% range. Certainly, this write-down of about $800 million and its required equity raise moves us down a little bit more within that range, but still within the range. And our goal is to offset a lot of that activity or a little bit of that dilution with internal activities related to modernization, cost control and a variety of other factors. So I think, generally when you think about the loss in net income for those things, they are as we've described 4% to 5%, but the impact on EPS and our expected growth rate is basically unchanged.
Andrew W. Evans: I think it's also fair to say that a lot of, about half of the cost increase that we're taking, is in an effort to stay on track and lower the schedule risk that's there. And so that does include wage inflations per diems, specialized trade a lot of the activity and what we're performing is the completion of these projects in November of 2021. And that's certainly going to be a big component of why we've decided to spend these additional funds.
Thomas A. Fanning: Thanks Drew. In May, we completed the sale of a 33% minority interest stake in Southern Power Solar portfolio and we completed the sale of Pivotal Home Solutions in June. In July, we closed the sales of Elizabethtown Gas, Elkton Gas and Florida City Gas. Cumulatively these transactions accounted for more than $3.7 billion in proceeds. We have completed the appropriate FERC filings for the sales of Gulf Power and Southern Power plants Stanton and Oleander. These regulatory approvals are expected to drive the timing for closing on these transactions. Our current expectation is that both transactions will close during the first half of 2019. We are also making great progress on third-party tax equity financing for the vast majority of Southern Power's existing wind portfolio, which we expect to produce more than $1 billion in proceeds. We hope to close this transaction during the fourth quarter of 2018. Southern Company has demonstrated tremendous discipline as both a buyer and seller of assets. The AGL Resources and Southern Natural Gas transactions, for example, have proved to be terrific complements to our portfolio of companies, further strengthening our expected long-term growth profile. Likewise, our recent divestitures have proven to be an effective source of equity with a significantly lower cost of capital than new common shares. Southern will continue this disciplined approach as we seek to further improve upon our state-regulated utility centric growth profile. And as a final note, yesterday the Mississippi Public Service Commission approved a settlement for Mississippi Power Company PEP filing receiving the majority of the requested amount. Drew will now provide some specifics on our second quarter earnings performance.
Thomas A. Fanning: Thanks Drew. Once again, I want to thank everyone for being with us this morning. I'm sure you all have many questions regarding the topic we've addressed on today's call. So let's go ahead and open the floor for questions. Operator let's take the first question.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. Sure. I have to be very careful not to speak for our co-owners here. There is a governance process that these events trigger that we refer to in the disclosure. Jonathan, the only kind of characterization I can offer, because I want to let their own governance process to speak for themselves, is to say I think that we've had real-time communication with our co-owners and certainly in the past they have been supportive and constructive in our relationship. Beyond that, I really would prefer to let their own process speak for itself.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. Certainly it'll be at the very end of the third quarter perhaps into the fourth quarter, but I would expect something late September.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, based on the current structure, in fact, the Georgia Power Board voted, made a recommendation to the Southern Board, we concur with that. We are moving forward. Anything that was an alternative as a result of any of these governance processes, we just have to take that up at the time.
Thomas A. Fanning: That was it. Yeah. That's pretty much it. Look, if you look at kind of the general trend, we've suggested, I think, for a couple of earnings calls now that, while we've been going very well, and in fact, if you go back in time and look at kind of the December 2017 when we were really beating this green line which is predicated on a 21 month schedule or a April 2021, April 2022 completion date. Remember that variance was really because we worked through some periods where we had planned otherwise to have a lot of dislocation in work from holidays. So that's why we've made up a lot there. And then we started saying, certainly as we approach early part of this year, when we start working in some rather confined spaces with the reactor vessel core that we thought that we would see some erosion against that 21 month kind of schedule. The other thing that I think is important earlier this spring would be, we had a ton of rainfall and that impacted our ability to deploy productively. But I think the spike at the end – you got to be a little careful, this is a four week rolling average, but a lot of that spike may be attributed to the two-day-or-so stand-down on the site.
Thomas A. Fanning: Sure. I think it was just recalibrating all expectations on site, whether it is leadership's oversight of personnel, whether it is the commitment of personnel to complete their task as efficiently as we need, it is medicine that we take from time to time that is painful, but generally produces good long run results. The focus is to meet with year-end completion percentages and we just took tough action to recalibrate personnel on the site to make sure that happens. And I think the results following that have been pretty good.
Thomas A. Fanning: That's kind of where we are now versus the plan. We need to continue to ramp up. I think our staffing projection would show we reach our peak in November. I think we feel really good about where we are on the pipefitters. I think the electricians is the one that continues to require focus. We have a lot of different arrows in the quiver to address that. We still believe we can hit everything we need. But it goes to getting workers from Canada. It goes to re-segmenting work on site, it goes to perhaps getting personnel from Puerto Rico and other areas. Look, I talk to Brendan Bechtel, either in-person, on the phone, text, e-mail, people on the site are focused on this. We absolutely realize that we need to hit these targets. People remain confident, but I think it is the biggest risk area we face right now.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, there is a schedule. I think we can get it for you. I just don't have it right at my fingertips.
Thomas A. Fanning: I would argue that we have a good schedule. We continue to work on refining the schedule, but that's something that is ongoing all the time. In fact, I'm just looking at – I was just reviewing this morning even. The construction milestones for the rest of the year, there's plenty of detail here and I can go into tens of thousands of lines of detail, but I have 20 big things that have to happen during 2018. And I would argue something like on Unit 3, 18 of the 20 have been met or are expected to be met within the parameters, only two are not. They're off by, on one case, one item a month, another case a little over a month and neither one is critical path. They both have plenty of float left. On Unit 4, 16 out of 20, the variances look like a week, two weeks and three weeks. Again, none of those are critical path. We completed the resource loaded schedule in May. And so this is something that we always – this is an ongoing process that we always look at refining the schedule and as we see, new expected completion dates or as we see actual performance that's different than planned, we always review the schedule. But I would argue, we do have an integrated schedule right now and we are meeting it.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, yeah, yeah, it's what we've said before. We've been managing the site to what's called a 21 month, not 29 month. But what that means is April of 2021 for Unit 3 and April of 2022 for Unit 4. That's what we're managing the site to. And the data we show in the metrics that we've had in these earnings calls, I guess really since we've taken over, would show that early on we were even beating the 21 month schedule, the April schedule, that was at the end of 2017 roughly. And we said that we thought that those achievements would be challenged because we're moving into a very tight constrained part of the site, the nuclear reactor vessel is just a much closer environment with a lot of people and a lot of material and we thought that that progress would be challenged, and in fact the data has followed precisely what we've suggested.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes. Yes we have. I would argue that the commission remains supportive of the project as does the broad political public here in Georgia. If you think about it from a customer economic standpoint, customer impact standpoint, because we're making the tough decision not to include these base capital cost today, the same customer impacts remain today as existed in VCM 17 when this project was approved.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. Somebody should check me after the call, but as I remember the calculations back in the VCM 17, there was something like $2 billion of value to customers by pursuing this course of action. That's what I remember about the present value benefit. If that's not correct or if there are degrees of freedom around that, we'll get back to you. But that's what I remember. And recall...
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. So the technical answer there is that the project would be deemed to be cancelled I believe. And then of course, you could take a variety of different paths beyond that. But the technical answer is, if you don't get the 90% vote the project is cancelled. Then you have to figure out how or whether to proceed beyond that. There is no prescription per se beyond that action. Of course, we could all negotiate whatever but that would also require Public Service Commission approval and a variety of other things.
Thomas A. Fanning: You bet. You may recall that Georgia Power reached an agreement with the Public Service Commission following the new tax legislation. It was constructive and was designed to support their credit quality, which is so important as we think about building a asset like Vogtle 3 and 4. The solution in order to reach a similar FFO to debt calculation was to increase the equity ratio from 50% to about 55%. They put that in place effective immediately essentially, and also said that they would address it again later in the 2019 rate case. So we've been down streaming equity into Georgia per that order. And the plans that we've laid in front of you today that relate to the $800 million additional equity requirement also are consistent with that plan. And just to review the bidding, because I think it's informative. When we got the new tax law, we thought it was going to be about $7 billion of incremental equity across the system and that was associated with also increased equity ratios. With the transaction that we announced with NextEra, we essentially took $3 billion off the table, in other words we were carrying about assets that were worth about $3.5 billion in our current valuation and sold them for about $6.5 billion. So the $3 billion netted against any future equity requirement. Further, we announced the forward sale to tax equity of the production tax credits associated with wind that's another $1 billion. So the $7 billion was reduced by $3 billion and then reduced by the $1 billion, and so it is now net $3 billion. When we think about the actions that we are taking this morning and the additional $800 million, the $3 billion becomes $3.8 billion. And what we said earlier in our opening comments is that we still don't believe that requires any block sales and we believe that we can handle this therefore with at the market sales, or our normal plans as well as investor-friendly equity. We think we've got plenty of gunpowder to handle this issue. From an EPS standpoint, the effect this year and we've increased the equity in the EPS range from $2.80-$2.95 now to $2.95-$3.05. We think the dilutive effect of this action today is only about a $0.01 this year, but within the $2.95 to $3.05, $0.02 in 2019 and $0.05 kind of thereafter. And what we also said is we will undertake plans to reduce, eliminate that effect.
Thomas A. Fanning: And just to underline what Drew is saying that what we have done today is made a new estimate to complete. Those are dealing with not actual expenditures per se, but rather future expenditures. But we're taking the action immediately to improve the balance sheet.
Thomas A. Fanning: That's exactly right. It only relates to the incremental equity that we're using in order to preserve credit quality.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. I think the next 18 months Julien are where we're seeing the big intensive pressure. After about 18 months we see a pretty good ramp down in terms of staffing et cetera on the site, so something like that.
Thomas A. Fanning: You know it's all that and potentially investor-friendly equity, as we've discussed before. Just pick Elizabethtown for example, I think AGL made a heck of an acquisition there in the past and your carrying value there I'm looking at Drew, it was around $700 million, you sold it for $1.7 billion. So you picked up about $1 billion solely on Elizabethtown. As I described the economics of the Florida transaction, we picked up $3 billion there. The other thing that I think is important to note, our cost position we should think about it company-by-company for example Georgia Power, remember basically postponed an action in 2016, with its normal three year accounting order process that's pushed into 2019. Georgia Power's already done a whole lot of cost management, have been able to maintain an earnings profile that's been really good. And in fact by our own data Georgia Power, which showed their cost metrics are about top quartile in the industry. And the other thing that you should see as an evidence when we talk about improving our earnings range, I hope, I'm really encouraging us all not to treat this as a precedent, but because our numbers are so far ahead of our original guidance, we decided to give you new guidance at this call. Normally, our process has been that we give original guidance at the yearend calls, which has been the end of January, early February. And we only update that in our October call, after we get through the summer months. That has been our process really even going back to my days as CFO. We were just so far ahead, $0.30 ahead that we felt we ought to go ahead and change the guidance from $2.80-$2.95 to $2.95-$3.05. Part of that performance has been our performance on cost recognition and the whole modernization effort. So I think that, Michael I think it's all the above. I think its cost management. I think it is the deployment of modernization to give us greater resilience, better customer service, increased CapEx and then of course investor-friendly equity.
Thomas A. Fanning: You know it isn't so much of that, because we have all the major equipment in place. It really deals with what we've been saying for some time now. And that is our ability to deploy labor productively onsite. That's going to help us get to our schedule and that has certainly cost ramifications. We've got to keep productivity on the site up, and actually improve the amount of hours worked every month onsite as we get through this ramp-up process into November and then for the next 18 months.
Thomas A. Fanning: No, no, no, there is always critical path. I mean critical path by definition is whatever work is required that really sets the timeframe in which you will be ready to go in service. For example, remember I just mentioned 20 major construction milestones this year for Unit 3 and Unit 4 and I gave a broad outline when I was talking to Fleishman. The critical path right now within the Auxiliary Building and that kind of critical path because successful completion on time of the Auxiliary Building allows us to begin testing of the major other components, which will set the timeframe for the rest of the schedule. We have no major material component. Everything is onsite. It's really a matter of putting it together at this point.
Thomas A. Fanning: Let's see, well, I'm looking through the end of this year. We have kind of by November 2029 and we're ahead – the schedule right now we call for December of 2018 for essentially the control room in the Auxiliary Building to be in play and we're actually beating that right now. And that's based on the April schedule. We are beating it by not a whole lot, by about a week on each of the concrete floors et cetera.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah right. I think what we're seeing is skilled labor is kind of the most intense part. It's a fascinating question. We are seeing kind of a spotty labor constraints around the United States. So IT, high skill manual labor, pipefitters, electricians, electricians specifically because there's other activity going on around the United States. And it's requiring something special to draw those people to the sites, that is one of the big change conditions that we have seen since the original ETC was put in place that we're reflecting today. The per diems that we have put in place appear to be working. We do appear to be attracting more people. And interestingly, our turnover once we've gotten them onsite has been cut in half. So we have been seeing turnover kind of over 10%, 12% somewhere in there. Turnover now around 6%, so – 6% or 7% somewhere around there. But anyway we're able to attract and retain better with these per diems.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. We have law in place that basically says any prudently incurred cost is recoverable. And recall there are at least three segments of costs that have been ruled on over time up to – I hope I get these numbers right, up to about $4.5 billion or so have already been deemed to be prudent. Up to about $5.7 billion or so have been – wait, up to about $4 billion have been found prudent, up to about $5.7 billion or so have been presumed to be prudent. And then up to the $7.3 billion, they are deemed to be reasonable, but the burden is still on us to prove prudence. I think those are the three separate buckets. And if I've missed any of those numbers on those buckets somebody correct me, but I think broadly that's where we are. And the prudent would determine that it is recoverable.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. I guess there's two triggers that we think about. One is a new ETC in excess of $1 billion, $1 billion or more. And the other one I think relates to a lack of recoverability. And in fact...
Thomas A. Fanning: And Paul one other issue, this two-trigger feature was an agreement that was modified last year at the time we decided to go forward.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes. So it's essentially this determination. We think of the $700 million they were prudently incurred and reasonable, okay, but because of the proximity to VCM 17, we think for the good of everything going forward and in order to maintain momentum, we're not seeking recovery. With respect to the $400 million, contingency has never been part of – in a broad sense part of the allowed costs. What the Commission likes to do in the practice of the staff and frankly we followed that because contingency by its nature is something that we think we'll spend, but we don't know what it is just yet, we don't include those. As these costs become known then we would submit them for recovery. But the $400 million right now is an estimate, but we don't know where we will spend it. As we know more, we preserve the right to ask the Commission for recovery. There is no cost cap. That's been proven before by law in VCM 12 and 17.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, yeah. No, it's a good point of clarification. If we did nothing to take away the impact of the $0.05 long-term, this is in the 2020-2021 timeframe we are still within the 4% to 6%. Okay. And we intend to diminish that impact over time through our actions, through modernization, special investor-friendly equity or whatever. So, even without any effort to eliminate, reduced the $0.05 we're still within the 4% to 6%. My point is we're going to attack that with great vigor.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. I think we've kind of shown our hand. If you look at our portfolio, Ali as you have, we have been I think very disciplined buyers and sellers. Recently, it has been Elizabethtown and then the set of assets to NextEra, where NextEra I think had special interest in pursuing some assets. We think we've got an argument anyway that a lot of our assets are undervalued in our current valuation. I think if you projected kind of Elizabethtown values on all of our gas assets you would have a different valuation for Southern Company. What we're able to do, I think is to be proactive and monetize some assets at higher valuations than otherwise you would expect to see as if we issued equity on our own. That has been the core. Everything we have done from an investor-friendly standpoint has been accretive. We think we still have the capability to do that, when you look at the different pieces of our portfolio.
Thomas A. Fanning: Again it's a terrific question, and one, we ask ourselves all the time, how do you know you got enough? When we did the original estimate, you may remember from all the work we did that we had lots of different input into that estimate. And I think I kind of covered some of this in the script, but more specifically we had the input of a variety of consultants. We had a completely separate path of a different consultant give us their own estimate of what ETC would be. And then, we took the ETC and went through the regulatory process. Even the independent monitor was thoroughly debated; even the independent monitor thought it was reasonable in the process that we followed with sound. So we think we did a reasonable effort at the time that we made the ETC. At this new estimate, when we started seeing, as I mentioned before, trends that showed our contingency original was getting consumed faster than we thought, and especially in late May when we started getting feedback on the subcontract that we got from Westinghouse, I can tell you when we first got the Passover from Westinghouse of subcontract, we said, gosh let's add 50%. Well now in hindsight, we think we should have added over a 100% cost. And in some cases not just the cost, but the scope has been bigger than what we expected. We had KPMG take another look at our new estimate in terms of contingency. We've worked with Bechtel and others. We developed something we call a risk register. And what we do in the risk register, for items that we don't have complete transparency on, although we know where we believe they will be, we actually take a range of a low and a high and we perform analysis as to probabilities and we come up with a probability weighted contingency estimate. This is essentially how we developed the estimate. We look at line items, we involve site management and we include it in an overall assessment as to the project. Does this 35% contingency as per the $1.1 billion increase look reasonable? So we do all the kind of quantitative testing. We do the qualitative judgment kind of testing. To the best of our ability, we think we've got a sound estimate here.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes. So we're taking a reserve today for the entire amount of the $1.1 billion on a pre-tax basis. Okay. So that is a tacit acknowledgement that we're not seeking recovery of the $700 million base capital increase. It does not address the contingency that is the $400 million balance, and that's because we don't know exactly how, when, what we will incur those costs. We believe it is a reasonable estimate of what may occur. Therefore, we include it in the reserve. But because we don't have knowledge, we can't ask for recovery yet. So we've taken an income affect for the whole amount. As we go through each VCM and as we start to eat into that contingency there will be some analysis of whether we get to recover those costs or not. But we've already taken the accounting hit for it. Okay.
Thomas A. Fanning: And let me add one last thing just to say it again the $700 million that we've identified that we are not seeking recovery was really due to our judgment on maintaining project momentum and its proximity to the December 2017 decision by the PSC.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. Praful, thanks for that. Very reasonable question. Look I think we should take comfort in that. Well, yeah, we should take comfort in that we've been onsite now in this role now for about a year. And for a lot of the estimates that we used in developing the ETC they are no longer estimates they are reasonably known. In other words, I want to say of the subcontracts, we have about 75% of them are pretty well known, in other words actual and all that. There is still 25% or so, 30% somewhere in that range where we've gone out on the subcontract and at least we know bandwidths of where we think they'll come back. Now we still have time and material situations and we've got to be productive in terms of how we follow that work because a lot of the subcontract work depends on the work that Bechtel does and so maintaining schedule is so important. I think one other thing you can take some comfort in is that the schedule part of this has still been working pretty well although as we continue to say, we're in the challenged part of that schedule. So our actual performance is better than kind of the November timeframe. But still that's the part that we're really focused on. The other thing that I think you should take some comfort in is that we do have essentially a complete design. We do have a technology that is being demonstrated right now with 4 units at least being in start-up in China. I think there are a lot of factors that cause us to have a lot more confidence today and the fact that we've taken additional contingency 35% of this new estimate. Now having said all that, I got to acknowledge and we've seen it before, we don't know our future conditions and we don't know, how all this will turn out, what we're giving you is our – is I think the most reasonable judgment we can make with additional contingency.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. Praful, it's absolutely right. I'm just trying to use something that everybody else can see. Okay. I'm just trying to use a reasonable benchmark that people can look at, when you look at 37 times earnings in an LDC, I think everybody would say, well, gosh, relative to kind of how it would be – how we – essentially, if you look at the buy and sell, what we bought it for and what we're selling it for is pretty clear that we bought very well with both AGL and SONAD and in that we've sold very well in respect of the pieces of those assets. And in respect to that, they are enormously accretive. I would just give you anecdotal information, even Florida City kind of went off at about the second highest multiple ever paid for an LDC with the first being Elizabethtown. It was pretty close to the Piedmont price. The Gulf price to our knowledge anyway was the highest multiple paid for an electric asset. And we think there were certain conditions and NextEra which made them willing to pay those prices. You're absolutely right. We certainly have a risk return profile for every asset that we own and those are unique as per every asset that would include every asset owned by Southern Power for example. So your point is exactly right. My shorthand and talking through just is something that everybody can point to on the Street without knowing the vagaries of how we value every asset internally.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes, sure. Yeah, Drew and – I'm looking at Drew, so let me take the first shot and let you correct it or whatever. Go back to the math I gave you on the Florida transactions, we sold 5% of our earnings and we got for, 12% of market cap at the time. The offset of the equity and therefore the $3 billion incremental value we generated by that transaction was way more accretive, $0.10 in this case, $0.10 plus actually than the lost earnings. Okay. So if you just remove Gulf Power you lose earnings of X, but we're able to increase earnings by over $0.10 because of the value we created by the transaction. Okay. So that takes into account all of the removal of equity and debt and everything underlying, the earnings of an asset. And because the price was so high, it was accretive, even removing those earnings. And what we're able to...
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. What we said on the Florida transaction, the one with NextEra was – it was actually $0.10 and actually a little better than that and what we did with the $0.10, we took about half of that and we applied that against further reductions in debt to give us even more margin on the FFO to debt calculation. We really wanted to build a little shock absorber into our credit quality. The second part, therefore, the remaining $0.05 or so, improved our ability to earn within the 4% to 6% range. Recall we had established the 4% to 6% range, then we did the Florida assets, then we said we're still within the 4% to 6%. So conceptually we moved higher within the range. And then what we said as a result of this transaction, there's kind of $0.05, if we don't do anything, there's $0.05 negative carry beginning around 2020-2021 somewhere in there. And we said, we're still within the range, even if we do nothing. And then, what I said was, we will work very hard to lessen or eliminate that effect. And what we said was a continuation of our modernization plans, which were partially the engine for improving our earnings this year as well as investor-friendly equity and other strategies. Drew, improve that answer.
Thomas A. Fanning: Hey, Ashar, and I know you know this. But let me just remind us all for the record here. While we are in this construction period in Vogtle as part of the settlement to go forward, Georgia has some reduced earnings rates, once all the assets clears to in-service for Units 3 and 4 we go back to the normal earnings rates. And so there is a little bit of a shake also to our year-by-year earnings. But I know you're aware of that.
Thomas A. Fanning: And Ashar, of course as with past practice we'd be glad to follow-up with you after the call to kind of refine that.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, that's right. You know Paul, one of the things that we're involved with right now that we are keeping our eyes on like hawks is the amount of productive hours worked in a month. So I would say we're kind of in the 85,000 hours a month right now. We need to get that up to November by I don't know a 125,000. That's kind of the ramp-up that we are currently in. And so there's really two factors there, right. One is getting workers on the site, so that's the earlier dialogue that we shared about pipefitters and electricians and all that. And the second thing is once we get people onsite getting them to do productive work. So making sure that if there're X-hours in a day that we actually turn wrenches and produce results in accordance with what we think. That's kind of the trend that we are following right now and that will drive certainly schedule, which we're ahead of right now and cost.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, if you think about it Bechtel, the Cost Performance Index really relates to work being performed by Bechtel and we are above the 1 there. But Bechtel has a contract which has its own contingency and has its own. I think if you think – I think the benchmark that we talk about internally is Bechtel on a 29 month schedule is about 1.4 or so, somewhere around there. We'd like to get them certainly below. We've been talking about 1.22, we'd like to get below 1.2, in order to keep our performance ahead of schedule as we've been saying.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, and Paul just another way to attack this thing. If you go back to this graph I guess it's page 11 or whatever, but if that number, this cost performance index is at 1.24 that would indicate about a – let me just do this, June schedule somewhere around there.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes, sir. We are clear that we are not going to seek recovery on the $700 million. We are reserving the right because there is no cost cap, on the $400 million contingency. The reason that we have not included that in any estimate is really part of our past practice, the Commission or the staff likes to approve contingency, as contingency becomes a real expenditure, we will then decide whether it is reasonable and subject to recovery.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. Thanks everybody for joining us today. Certainly, this is not news that we welcome. I think it represents a reasonable estimate as to how to proceed. I think it preserves our regulatory relationships. I think it preserves, I think an equitable assessment of our stakeholders. I know that's painful as a shareholder. But I think in the short run this is pain that is worthwhile in order to preserve long run performance. And I think we've demonstrated the long run impacts here with the discussion around really even current EPS performance and how we've blown through the top of our set range with all the good work we've done this year with the Florida transaction and with our own modernization efforts, but also a nod to the future effects of this announcement today. And I think it's our opinion that this action today preserves the best long-term value for our shareholders, short-term pain, but long-term gain. We think we're able to maintain this performance and provide, I think, a very attractive risk return profile to investors. Thanks everybody for joining us today. We look forward to chatting with you soon. Operator, that's all.
