Thomas Fanning: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. Our first quarter results show we're off to a good start in 2011. In addition, as you can see from the materials released this morning, the economy, as shown by sales to industrial customers, continues to gain strength and momentum. The year-over-year increase in industrial sales in 2010, compared with 2009, was 7.7%. In the first quarter of 2011, we've already seen a 6.7% increase in industrial sales compared with the first quarter of 2010. This momentum is reflected in the results of a recent Southern Company survey of our top industrial customers in Georgia. In that survey, 60% of those customers said they expect production increases over the next 6 months. In addition, 1/3 of those industrial customers told us that they anticipate employment increases, and 28% expect increases in exports. The result of this survey serve to reinforce our own confidence about the near-term and long-term future of our region. So our businesses are performing well, and we are on plan. Turning now to an event which has focused the world attention on nuclear energy. I'd like to offer some comments on how we believe that event at the Fukushima plant in Japan might impact the nation's existing and future fleet of nuclear power plants. First, the supporting commitment for nuclear energy remains strong at the grassroots level here in the Southeast among key members of Congress on both sides of the aisle and within the Obama administration. No doubt, there will be lessons learned from the tragic events at Fukushima that will almost certainly apply to the current fleet of nuclear generation in America. Certainly, we expect there'll be a thorough, thoughtful review of those facilities located in seismically sensitive areas, plants along coastal zones and perhaps other design modifications particularly with older plants. We believe any mandated changes will not significantly impact the operations of our existing fleet or be cost prohibitive.  Finally, we believe that any potential impacts to our Vogtle 3 and 4 units should be minimal. Recall that the Vogtle site is not in a seismically sensitive area. We are not on a coastline. We are some 130 miles inland and are 220 feet above sea level. Finally, the AP1000 design is robust, and its passive safety systems should preclude many of the problems, which occurred in Japan. Our current fleet is safe. Our proposed new units are even safer. With respect to units 3 and 4 at Plant Vogtle, we are still on track to receive the combined construction and operating license, or COL, by the end of this year, we had no indication that the issuance of the COL will be delayed as a result of the NRC's review of the events [ph] in Japan.  My final business update concerns the potential for adding a risk sharing or incentive regulation mechanism into our current rate mechanism for Vogtle 3 and 4. Our position is that we are always open to constructive agreements that benefit customers. We believe the current Georgia law with respect to new nuclear construction is very clear from a cost-recovery standpoint. Therefore, any agreement must be an improvement on the existing law and must include a formal recognition of the work that has already been done to reduce the cost to customers of the new units by specifically including the benefits of conditional federal loan guarantees, production tax credits, changes made in the EPC contract and CWIP in rate base. We believe, in the aggregate, that since the certification approval, Georgia Power has brought to the table additional benefits to our customers of more than $1 billion. Georgia will file its testimony today. A decision on whether to adopt an incentive plan is expected on August 2. Let me say again, we are satisfied with the current rate regime for Vogtle 3 and 4. Any changes would have to improve on that structure.  At this point, I'll turn the call over to Art Beattie, our Chief Financial Officer, for a discussion of our financial highlights for the first quarter and our earnings guidance for the remainder of 2011.
Thomas Fanning: Thank you, Art. In closing, I'd like to offer a few words about the Environmental Protection Agency's proposal for a new Maximum Achievable Control [Maximum Achievable Control Technology] Standard or MACT for the utility industry.  Earlier this month, I had an opportunity to discuss this issue in a speech before the United States Chamber of Commerce and, later that week, to appear before the House Subcommittee on Energy and Power and testify on the proposed regulation. Both of these presentations are on our Investor Relations website and provide a detailed explanation of our concerns. In summarizing our position on the EPA MACT, we have 4 key concerns: First, no matter how you look at it, the timeline for this rule is unreasonable both for providing comments and for complying. Second, its accelerated 3-year timeline for compliance could put the reliability of the nation's electric generating system at risk. My third point is that the rushed timeline will also impact electricity affordability. My fourth and final point is that the industry needs a realistic compliance schedule, a schedule that is based on historical experience, a schedule that allows us to retrofit existing units and begin work on additional capacity at the same time. As I've said before, we are already transitioning our generating fleet. We don't need an overly complex and unworkable set of new regulations to hurt our customers by decreasing reliability, increasing costs, reducing job growth and burdening an already challenged economy. Finally, I'd like to reiterate that we are off to a good start in 2011. Our businesses are performing well and the industrial side of our economy is nearing prerecession levels of production. We continue to believe that a resurging industrial sector will drive an improvement in our residential and commercial classes as we move forward this year. Our primary focus remains, as it has been for the past 63 years, to provide a reliable and affordable supply of energy, to meet the needs of our customers and the energy requirements of this growing region.  At this time point, Art and I are ready to take your questions. So operator, we will now take the first question.
Thomas Fanning: Yes, I suppose. But I think the more realistic expectation we'd like to keep out there is just by the end of the year.
Thomas Fanning: Yes, actually, thanks for that question. As all of you may know, I think Southern Company is the leader in compliance with these types of equipment modifications. In fact, we’ve led our industry by adding, I think, so far about $8 billion of environmental control equipment, and by the 2013 timeframe, we will have added somewhere between $10 billion and $12 billion in total. So I think we've got a great deal of experience. Further, we've been able to put this CapEx into place at a timeframe that makes sense for reliability in the Southeast. We've done everything on schedule, under budget and has performed at above industry standards. So I believe we know what we're talking about here. Further, you may know that Southern Company also is the only company that remains significantly engaged in proprietary research and development, and we've had a lot of people working on these issues, frankly, for decades. With respect to the dry sorbent injection issue, dry sorbent injection is typically used and has had some success in dealing with things like SO2 and SO3. But when you consider the consequential effects on the PM standard that's being proposed, which is frankly a new standard, when you take into account not only filterable PMs but condensable PMs, there is a consequential problem that is introduced by dry sorbent injection and popularly trona. So our view is that there may be very selected instances where that might work. But in fact, we believe it will not be a widespread solution. It's one of the reasons why we really disagree with the proposal put forward in the EPA regulation. I think their estimate was you would only need to add around 26,000 megawatts of scrubbers. We think the number is going to be way more around 80,000 megawatts of scrubbers.
Thomas Fanning: Well, listen, as a healthy matter, we're always concerned. But we've received assurances from the NRC that they had staff dedicated to our process. I think it's easy to complain about Washington from time to time, but when you consider the support that we've gotten from the Obama administration, from Congress, from our regulators with the priority that's been placed on moving forward with this next renaissance of nuclear, we've been pretty gratified with the response and feel like we're getting the attention we deserve.
Thomas Fanning: The consent decree that the EPA voluntarily entered into with justice provided that the justice recognize this was an enormous complex and potentially costly issue. And that if EPA needed more time in which to evaluate the potential effect that, that they would be willing -- they'd be inclined to grant it. And it was interesting. After I gave that speech at the U.S. Chamber, I had a very constructive conversation with Lisa Jackson, administrator of the EPA, and we certainly offered our help to her.
Thomas Fanning: Yes, we agree. I think what I said in the congressional testimony is -- and let me tell you something, be very careful. I'm giving you Southern Company's reality. Our reality is that if we could get kind of a 2018 timeframe, we would feel a lot more comfortable about being able to run our portfolio. Other people have put forward timeframes that are really incomplete in their scope. They don't take into account the fact that we've got to deal with a portfolio of generation across a wide part of the United States. All these things must be taken into account, including vendor supplies, including craft [ph] labor. That's going to be needed to be brought to bear in an orderly way that is economically sensible. All of this is for the benefit of our customers.
Thomas Fanning: Yes. Listen, there's a lot of people running around with estimates, but one can only speculate. The obvious answer is that it will go up.
Thomas Fanning: Well, remember, there's a one-year flexibility that the EPA could grant, and we would want them to grant them immediately, frankly. Secondly, there are provisions where the executive branch could grant an additional 2 years. So there is some flexibility out there. In respect to the first part of your question, there are lots of shall we say initiatives and constructive thinking about legislative ways to attack this problem. One of the issues that I made a point of raising in my U.S. chamber speech is that energy policy is a purview of Congress, which is accountable to the electorate. Some of the outcomes of this regulation could eliminate, for example, in a practical way, coal being used in the future and on any new sources of generation. That to me strikes at the heart of national policy, and that is the purview of Congress.
Thomas Fanning: I think what you would do is enter into a set of individual consent decrees with Justice, company-by-company.
Thomas Fanning: Who knows? Certainly, and in my constructive conversations with Lisa Jackson, she, I think, recognizes that the EPA, the last thing they want is to create a reliability crisis. And so I think this whole issue goes to developing a constructive outcome on this very complex issue. My sense is that I remain reasonably confident or optimistic, perhaps, that we've been able to work through some tough complex issues in the past and in order to preserve a sensible economic outcome for our customers, in order to provide a reliable source of electricity for the United States, people will have to come to grips with reality on this issue.
Thomas Fanning: One of the attractive features of Southern Power's portfolio is they have several sites that are expandable. When you consider that their strike zone is gas [ph] in the Southeast, we feel that they're going to be able to play a central role in relieving some of the problems that may arise as a result of this proposed regulation.
Thomas Fanning: Well, we're always in the hunt. Renewables are attractive to us. Renewables have certainly their limitations, specifically with solar and wind. You know we've invested -- and I think it's the nation's second-largest currently operating solar facility, we invested with our partner, Ted Turner, in New Mexico. And I think we're building the nation's largest biomass facility in Texas for the benefit of the customers of the city of Austin. So we continue to look. We're looking at other solar facilities in Alabama and in Georgia and in the coastline of Florida. As well, we're on record as being not very bullish on wind. But even there, we continue to look at some applications off the Georgia and Florida coasts. With respect of new biomass, the industrial boiler standard has really put a hold on those economics and has really chilled any further development there.
Thomas Fanning: No. Let me kind of explain why I feel that way. I think a lot of the questions that are being asked have already been answered. Remember, there are 2 processes in place here. One is was we call the DCD, that's the design control document, which is essentially an independent review of whether the technical design features of the Westinghouse AP1000, in fact, was in the public interest. Was it, in fact, safe? It is the safest design of any generation of nuclear technology that's ever been introduced. And we think that its design features are substantially better than anything in place right now. And so that process goes forward. This independent committee and the staff has recommended to the NRC to begin its rule making on the DCD. The COL is a process which essentially completes the complete application with the NRC. That is, it takes the Westinghouse AP1000 design and puts it on our site and takes into account any adjustments that are site-specific, including balance of plant issues. All of those are what's anticipated to be complete by the end of this year. Now your point about is there more interest, are there going to be more comments? We think absolutely. But in substance, we think a lot of the comments and questions that are being raised have been asked and already answered.
Thomas Fanning: So remember, our business model is kind of the anti-merchant, right? We pride ourselves on securing the vast majority of capacity with long-term contracts typically divided into 2 segments. One segment is associated with the capacity side of the equation, so it's brick-and-mortar with a fixed profit stream associated with those plants whether they run or not. The second segment of those contracts deals with energy, which is largely fuel and some variable O&M. And there is some small profit potential associated with that, largely availability, profits and some other kind of small things. We did see some of that in the first quarter.
Thomas Fanning: So that accrued to the benefits of some of these energy margins that I talked about. But it wasn't an enormous number. Where you will see us make substantially more net income is as we either cover the rest of our uncovered capacity or agree to build new capacity that is currently available to be done on certain expandable sites. That's where we make all our money.
Thomas Fanning: And we had been as high as around 4%, 4.4%. So we continue to get down. And as we consume that inventory, I think, what you're seeing with some of the usage data is unoccupied houses.
Thomas Fanning: Our conversation was -- I'll just say it was very engaging and very constructive. It didn't go to politics. But I think the statements that we're able to make here are really pretty clear and compelling. It's 1,000 -- roughly 1,000-page proposed rule, 1,000-page reporting documentation, some of which we haven't seen. And typically, on these MACTs, there's been like 9 of them done in the past, we've gotten kind of a minimum of 120 days and a maximum of a 180 days in order to respond. This is arguably the most complex, costly and biggest scale MACT that's ever been put in place. And so I think that those facts stand on their own. Listen, I think Administrator Jackson's heart's in the right place. We'll see what happens.
Thomas Fanning: Or in excess of what's allowed currently in the current 3-year plan. It would just be deferred until the next rate case. And I think our experience is in Georgia, we've never had a dollar of environmental spend not allowed.
Thomas Fanning: It's just [indiscernible] be higher in the range than lower in the range. But the range kind of adequately describes what we believe the future to be.
Thomas Fanning: Yes. In fact, let me -- it would represent about 1/2 of the total U.S. coal because 1/2 of it is going to get closed down as a result of this rule, rough numbers. I think 70,000 megawatts nationally, and there's estimates around that. But 70,000 will be retired as a result of this rule. And therefore, the remaining scrubbers would be added to those that remain.
Thomas Fanning: Yes. Listen, we've got a long track record of dealing with these kinds of issues. I know people are kind of amped up about all this. But here's our view. For any major kind of body of legislation, regulation, what-have-you, we always consider how to engage constructively, to get the best solution for reliability and a sensible economic impact for the benefit our customers. We will certainly engage in the regulatory process. We will certainly engage in a regulatory process. And if need be, we will undertake litigation if that helps clarify the issues at hand. So we're going to be doing all 3 in a parallel path.
Thomas Fanning: It certainly is one way. The issue here, though, is we need to have -- remember what I said, you're going to have to go unit-by-unit, you're going to have to design, you're going to have to procure equipment and you're going to have to secure a source of craft labor, okay? So you need to know, in order to schedule that work, you need to know that you have sensible timeframes involved rather than trying to pancake control efforts and new capacity requirements, new pipeline requirements, everything on top of each other. There has to be a sensible way to do this. Even NRC, there's a whole national effort under way to get arms around this issue. If we were to get an extension from EPA and 2 years from the administration, that would be plus 3, gets it to 2018. That starts to make sense for us, but we would need to have that knowledge at the outset.
Thomas Fanning: So I mean that happened all last year. It looks as if that'll happen also this year. And then remember, if you want to weight average the sales, substantial part of our sales occurred June through first 2 weeks in September, so we'll see what happens there.
Thomas Fanning: Well, listen, I'm going to speak to our markets. Interestingly, just letting all this happen in a disorganized way actually serves to accelerate our net income. But we think that is bad for our customers. Our interest is in providing a long-term view and providing the best reliability at the lowest prices with the best customer satisfaction possible. That is what we are for.
Thomas Fanning: Well, listen. I just want to say thank you all for joining the call. It's an exciting time at Southern. We got a lot going on and a lot to be positive about in the future. This industrial growth, we think, will sustain and we think eventually, residential and commercial will follow with it. And we'll continue to follow through on our disciplined approach to our business with our conservative outlook and our focus on customers. Thank you very much.
Art Beattie: That basically ended at the end of last year. There is still about $7 million a quarter that will be amortized against depreciation. But as you compare to last year, it will be a lot less this year. So depreciation expense will go up in comparison on the second quarter as compared to last year.
Art Beattie: Well, last year, we had Plant Wansley that went off contract at the end of 2009 and was off contract for the first 6 months of 2010. They were -- they are on contract in 2011, so you got about 0% coverage to 65% coverage in the first 6 months of the year. And then I think at Plant Dahlberg, which was not covered last year, and it's more than 100% covered this year. I'm not sure about the length of those contracts, but we can get back to you with that if you need it.
Art Beattie: Ali, I think we're still talking flat for the next year or 2 for Southern Power. Yes, there were some additional contract coverages in the first quarter and probably be some in the second quarter. But as we look out in time, there are other contracts moving in and out, and that's all factored into our numbers.
Art Beattie: For the whole year, we're looking at 2.2% growth in the retail side, 2.9% growth in industrial, 1.5% on commercial and 2.3% on our residential -- in our residential sector.
Art Beattie: A little bit of both. We forecasted an increase, maybe 18,000 customers in 2011. We picked up 15,000 last year, so we'll have some increase in usage on a per-customer basis as well. In the economy, we keep looking at these other indicators. And on our one slide, I think it was Slide 10, we pointed to a number of new industrial announcements with job -- increases in jobs. One of the -- one particular are these BRAC realignments, which will start moving some people into some of our residential markets. One in particular will be at Fort Benning, which will happen by September of this year. There'll be about 10,000 families moving into that particular area and a lot of that cannot be handled on, on-based housing, so there'll be some pickup on the residential side there. So our forecasts pick up some of those trends, and that's what we're looking at.
Art Beattie: Brian, at the end of the year, it was $48 million. And no, it did not grow at the end of the first quarter, so we're still standing at $48 million.
Art Beattie: All of the operating companies have environmental clauses. At Georgia, Georgia has an environmental clause as well, and my understanding of that is it does go through the 3-year rate-making process in order for it to be recovered under rates. If it's put into place before the rate hearing takes place, it's simply deferred until the next case.
Art Beattie: Well, as we outlined in our prepared remarks, the CapEx range over the next 3 years is $700 million to $2.9 billion, and those scenarios are all captured by our 5% to 7% growth estimates that we have outlined on earnings per share. So...
Art Beattie: First quarter, we've issued about $1 billion of new debt. And the equity side, we've issued $193 million. And CapEx, we have spent right just over $1 billion on CapEx. I think our budget for the year is $4.9 billion.
Art Beattie: Yes, we expect that to continue. The UPS [ph] contracts, which expired in association with the Miller plant that I described, all of the transmission cost of revenues were recorded in one line item there as wholesale revenues. As those contracts were replaced with other plants, the revenue will be recorded as transmission revenue. So it will be picked up in that particular line item going forward.
Art Beattie: Well, the allowed retail rate base -- allowed range of returns in Alabama are 13% to 14.5%. So it depends on the operations of that particular rate and how that particular plant impacts the operation of that rate.
Art Beattie: I believe all of that was Georgia Power. There were no operations at Alabama Power of RSC this year. There's a little bit of Alabama Power, excuse me, from their environmental clause, but it's very small. Maybe $0.01 of the $0.12. But no other operations at Mississippi or go [ph].
Art Beattie: Well, when we prepared that forecast, it was probably mid- to somewhere around mid-2010 when we prepared that forecast. And we obviously didn't pick up any of the $100 price of oil in our forecast at that time. There's also other noise and weather data that we experienced that it's just very difficult to extract all that particular noise. So -- but we still feel like the growth in the sales will come the second half in both sectors, both residential and commercial.
Art Beattie: Sure, absolutely. We have that flexibility, and that's all buried into our range as well. That's why we give you a range in earnings per share growth.
