Tom Fanning: Thanks Drew. As Drew outlined, we are very busy on the regulatory front. We've demonstrated over the course of many decades that we're able to effectively manage our business to bring clean, safe, reliable, and affordable energy to our customers who are at the center of everything we do. Our regulators share these same broad goals and we are confident that the ongoing proceedings will result in outcomes that support these objectives. Now, before we move to your questions, I'd like to highlight a few accomplishments that are in recognition for the company during the quarter. Both Alabama Power and Georgia Power were named a top U.S. utility for economic development by Site Selection Magazine. Economic development has always been a priority for our regulated utilities. And we successfully partner with state and community organizations to bring companies, jobs, and investment to the states where we operate each year. In addition, Southern Company's been acknowledged for our leadership on transparency and disclosure. South Company’s 2019 proxy statement was named the number one proxy statement in the country in the inaugural U.S. Transparency Awards, sponsored by Labrador, a global communications firm specializing in regulated disclosure documents. We were also ranked third in the U.S. for overall disclosure by the same organization. These are all outstanding accomplishments and I am proud of our team. As we move towards the end of the year, we're very pleased with our performance from both a financial and operational perspective and believe we are well-positioned to deliver adjusted earnings per share for the full-year at or above the top of our guidance range. We've also completed our expected equity need through 2023. In the fourth quarter, we should have clarity on some of our remaining regulatory proceedings and will be in communication with you as these cases conclude. We have achieved several key milestones at Vogtle and remain focused on bringing Unit 3 and 4 online by their regulatory approved dates of November 2021 and November 2022. Thank you for joining us this morning. Operator, we are now ready to take questions.
Tom Fanning: Yes. So you can see as a percent of total cost contingency now is higher as a percent, even accounting for the $30 million than it was when we established it. And that really is a function of time.
Tom Fanning: Let me give some kudos. Drew used to be CEO of AGL Resources, and before that he was the CFO. And when we looked in the diagnostics of that company as we are making the acquisition, he and his team there had a great track record of thinking about effective ways to deploy O&M, technology, et cetera. So he's come over, Beth Reese has come over with a key player and they're applying a lot of those concepts here.
Tom Fanning: And then there's just been the big technology substitutions. You may recall that I think we led the world in local offices for so many years. And that was really important to us. But with the advent of technology, I think Georgia Power has demonstrated that without the local offices, they can still increase customer touch through technology, by over 400%. So we can remove some physical costs, improve technology and improve customer service all at the same time.
Tom Fanning: Yes. And Greg, you've been following us for 100 years, I think and so many of you on the phone have as well. Yes, look we've had this three-year rate process, the accounting order process in place in Georgia, since 1995. And I think every three years since 1995, we've gone through this process. The staff does what the staff does, and they'll - it's funny, we kind of went back and looked at prior iterations of these rate cases, what they've done in terms of their recommendation is not all that different than what they've done in the past. Look, let the process continue, typically in the past I think we've reached an agreement right before the Christmas holidays, I expect that will be the case this time.
Tom Fanning: Yes, I'm going to turn this over to Drew in a second. I'm going to offer my comment. If you look across the board, I always like to take kind of a mega look at this. When we saw these numbers, we said part of this is an adjustment for weather normal with the extreme weather we had, those adjustments are always subject to second guessing. The other one, if you remember, and Mike, you’re around go back to 2018, we had surprisingly high increases in retail sales. And in fact, I just have the numbers in front of me, for the same period for 2018, we were 1.7% up, this year we were negative 2.7%. In terms of residential, we were 1.9% up this time we were 1.9% down essentially flat over two years. Commercial, we were 1.1% up here a little bit down; Industrial we were 2.3% up now we’re 3.3% down. My view is if you take a longer view, these sales are kind of within the range of expectations. There's a whole lot going on right now also in terms of the Industrial economy. One of the things I always love to talk about is Industrial development, economic development, always kind of consider that the headlights. As we talk about a lot, capital investment, long-term investment, loves calm waters; they love nice stable environments in which to invest. While our economic development projects are about the same, or maybe 5% less year-over-year, but still a good number, the amount of long-term capital associated with our economic development backlog is down a lot around a half and the jobs associated with that are down a lot about a half. And you get into these arguments. Well, is this a function of the Fed, is it trade policy, is it -- I really think that long-term investment on the part of our customers is taking a breather. It's kind of plateaued out a bit really as a function of the trade issue going on the skirmish, whatever you want to call it. When we pass new tax law, when we had the advent of smarter regulation, there was an enormous breath of oxygen in the economy and we took off. My sense is pending the resolution of the trade skirmishes and maybe even the election year in 2020, I think we have the ability of sustained economy going forward or not, we'll see.
Tom Fanning: Hey, one last comment following-in Drew's nerdy comments. As I was with the Fed for so many years, one of the things I love to look at is essentially the first derivative of change. And the momentum statistics in other words, evaluating how the numbers were changing over time also indicate it’s kind of plateauing. I don't know when this will resolve itself trading, the trade wars or whether it's the Election, but of the top 10 industrial sectors, year-over-year, you've seen about five of them go negative. So there is negative momentum. About three of them are flat, and about two of them are positive. And the two that are positive, are just less negative year-over-year. So I think all that data serves to underscore the fact that we are in a bit of a pause. And I think the pause can be resolved. So we'll see.
Tom Fanning: Well, we've always been in the posture of recycling capital. I think if you look at our track record, broadly from an M&A standpoint, we bought well, and we've sold well. And we always look for opportunistic ways to improve shareholder value. What is it we reallocate about $500 million a year, that's way off of where we were? We had then about a $1.5 billion allocation a year, we've cut that now by two-thirds down to $500 million. But you want to know something? A lot of that is a function of the market. We really see a tremendous amount of competition in the market with shorter terms on we love long-term bilateral contracts, those are getting shorter, and the margins are getting narrower. So when we look at the balance of capital allocation, I think, going forward for the next, I don't know three to five years, we're 93-plus-percent allocating to our core franchise businesses. We think on a risk adjusted data that's more attractive in the so-called certainly the organized markets or even the renewables markets right now. We'll keep our eye on it. But that's our posture.
Tom Fanning: Yes, the site continues to work towards the aggressive plan. We have always characterized the main schedules, both for Unit 3 and 4 as aggressive. Okay, we think that is the right way to run the site. Steve Kuczynski, the CEO of our Nuclear business, Glen Chick, the guy that really runs the project day-to-day, believe that’s still achievable. It is aggressive and we remain committed to that kind of work plan on site. I always want to remind people, our regulatory approved dates are November. And I think I've been famous for saying this in the past. If we hit those dates, we hit anything before that Ticker Tape parade time. But we think this approach of keeping an aggressive posture on sites avails us margin to achieve ultimately our regulatory approved dates.
Tom Fanning: Well, let me hit ITAAC first. I can remember geez three or four years ago, as we talked through this thing, we had ITAACs out there as one of the big risks. Now, let me underscore this. ITAAC must be done before we fuel-load okay, so it must be done. But I would say the work of the team in conjunction with the NRC over the years has brought that into a less risky posture. In other words, I believe we have a sound plan working with our regulator to achieve those milestones. So when I think about the top 10 risks on the project, I don't think ITAACs are there right now. I think we see our way through, we're making great progress. You may remember, we started a concept called UIS. But essentially, ITAAC that are complete except for the results of a test that has been very effective in reducing the byways of testing that must be done. So, I guess the other comment I would just make and I guess this goes to the contingency question. When we set that estimate in place, I guess it was July of 2018 that included for the whole project of $800 million contingency. There were actually buckets of contingency elsewhere like Bechtel has their own, we have our own. This is the one that we've called out specifically. And this is where the $30 million applies, Georgia Power dollars alone. And we call also that when we made this draw this $30 million, this is an evaluation, not of current period, but expected future period costs. So it is all the costs that we know about right now through the completion of the project that resulted in a $30 million draw. So I think we're in good shape, if that answered your question.
Tom Fanning: I mean there's buckets everywhere. And so when we did the $800 million plus everything else I mentioned that, Bechtel may have or we may have in our hip pocket somewhere. That includes a schedule that concludes in November and includes all known future costs through November, okay.
Tom Fanning: The only thing I would reinforce though, is when we set that budget, that budget was set for November. So to the extent you finish sooner than November, you get pickups. That saves money.
Tom Fanning: Well, it's any and all right, Drew said it a second ago, time is money. When you think about the hotel costs of personnel on the site, and the work that must be done. To the extent you're able to improve schedule, it takes a lot of cost to exceed the cost of time. So it's pretty much a dominant solution. If we can advance the calendar, if we can -- that's why we keep an aggressive site plan from that. That overwhelms generally speaking, the cost that we incur to do that. We always make an evaluation of that point however. In other words, we're not going to do anything stupid in terms of cost, just to achieve schedule. We always balance that. But I'll just tell you, the math is pretty compelling. If you can achieve schedule performance that does a lot for cost performance, and we believe that is prudent behavior.
Tom Fanning: Yes as me and Drew sit here and we sit in the management council meetings at Southern, the objective is no rate change as a result of capital investment. In other words as we increased revenue requirements, we must take commensurate revenue requirements out in our O&M cost structure. The idea keeping rates flat as we transition the generating fleet or invest to improve reliability and resilience.
Tom Fanning: Hey, probably one more thing, somebody just warned me and I said, yes, that's probably right. Georgia Power recalled in its rate case deferred any rate action three years ago. And so if you think about where Georgia is, holy smokes, this rate case really covered essentially nine years of investment. So that's a whole lot. The formulation I gave you to have no rate change in the future as a design criteria as you were referencing in terms of the CapEx going forward, transitioning the fleet and building resilience. The design criteria is to make O&M adjustments that compensate and produced no rate increase to customers. That's the design.
Tom Fanning: Yes, and just to add to that, I think Georgia Power was the first and big -- probably remains the biggest in terms of RTP, real time pricing. That recall sends a price signal to customers and customers on their own can react to it or not, in other words, if they're making more money by driving through a peak period will be good for them. If they want to shut down during a high cost period, they can take that as well. So these are customer driven demand side management kind of issues. This is nothing we do demand. We have the biggest program, I bet you in the United States, something like I think 40% to 50% of our Industrial and commercial load is subject to real time pricing. Over the year provides terrific value to our customer.
Tom Fanning: Yes, thanks for that question. What was it? Maybe a call ago or two calls ago, there was a lot of conversation about the wisdom of early testing, does it cost a lot, does it reduce productivity, create the S-Curve et cetera. I think our posture has been to test as early as we could, even for partial systems. And we think that we have found the issues early and have been able to handle them in a very successful way. Also, as we test early, we can bring lessons learned to other parts of the plant and to Unit 4, we think that's really, really helpful. It reduces risk. It assists in our ITAAC completions. And just to tell you for Unit 3, we think our civil testing is now for construction is well over 90%, mechanical, over 77% and electrical testing on Unit 3 is at 50%. So this testing process we're going through right now is exactly what we want to have happened. And here's the other thing that really also goes to the sawtooth or the S-curve effect. When we enter into an integrated flush, we start testing and we want to find problems. Part of testing is to identify where your weak spots may be as soon as you can, so that you can address them and have a successful completion of a milestone, ultimately. And we think that is really going well. As our testing organization has started out, we have found now over time, that their efforts have matured and they're more effective at testing the procedures, the deployment; the coordination with construction has all been getting better over time. I think our recent hours work kind of indicate that as well. This whole program while it has been the subject of some conversation has served us very well.
Tom Fanning: Well, so we do that we started this actually, when I was COO, we do a probability weighted kind of integrated resource plan, where we take different shots of different assumptions and probability weight them. In other words, we look at the cost of carbon. We already do that inside our math for our integrated resource plan. So we say there's no carbon price, and then there's $10, $20. We're now evaluating carbon costs prices as high as $50. We look at high medium low gas prices, coal prices, all kinds of things. And within all that scenario analysis, we come up with what we think are dominant solutions. Those dominant solutions manifest themselves in an evolution of where the best generation resources are and because we're not in a so-called organized market. In an integrated market, you can iterate around generation solutions and transmission solutions, okay. The other big thing I'm kind of nerding out now also, but I'll be -- I cover this quick is our reserve margin assumptions really change based on the penetration of renewables. The most important renewable resource for us and the Southeast is solar. We have pretty good resources, it's very cloudy here. But solar makes sense. We just don't have the kind of wind flows that support widespread wind generation. Our wind is imported through long-haul transmission systems, mostly from right now Kansas and Oklahoma. Okay, we go through this analysis and we develop optimal solutions over the next 20 to 30 years at both transmission and generation. And we do this in conjunction with each of our states so that this is a well-known process. As politics change, say for example, someone in a new administration wants to start a carbon tax, or there are different environmental costs associated with coal that we've seen over time. We certainly take those things into account. And so what we have is essentially a series of options-based solutions, where we can move the fleet. In general, what you find right now is Southern is between now and 2050, a much bigger share as you get towards the end date of renewables, that will mostly be solar. We will see a continued importance of gas at some point, very high carbon prices; you would see gas with carbon capture. Over time because of these costs, we see coal diminishing and we see a constant share of nuclear. The big swing in how these resources may follow depends upon technology investment, particularly in the realm of storage and the cost of carbon capture. You know that the objective function here is to provide low cost reliable electricity for the benefit of customers. And we have said low to no carbon by 2050. That low to no delta is really going to be spoken for by the advancement of technology, carbon capture, and storage. So we'll see. But that's the broad brush answer.
Tom Fanning: We don't try to time elections or try to guess who's going to win. We think this company again; you go back to my history I'm in my 39th year for heaven's sake. We go through political swings all the time. Our regulatory plans, our service to customers, our notion of reliability is something that transcends politics and must be long-term. We always start with long-term answers first, and we work like dogs to make the short-term results be beneficial to investors. So we're going to file the rate case independent of any assessment of politics. And I think really, since Kemper, we've been treated really well in Mississippi; we think we've been treated fairly. We expect that to continue, no matter who's in office.
Tom Fanning: Okay. And let me just offer my own commercial here. I can tell you this; this instrument was debated a lot internally. We think it was absolutely the right decision. But the math to me is pretty compelling for the future. And there's no promises here. I can't say whatever. But when you think about Southern Company and people are already making bets, I think, in our stock price. When you hear about Southern Company ex-Vogtle, there's no question in my mind, this company's been trading kind of on par recently, we should trade at a premium. So think about what a couple more turns may mean to the stock price and our P/E ratio. And recall we're in a period in Georgia Regulatory framework where essentially our ROEs coming out of Georgia look flattish. That's part of the rate design we had when we had the thing approved recently. As we clear these assets to in-service, the trajectory of earning increases significantly. I think you've all done your own modeling. When you think about a healthier P/E ratio, and you think about a much faster trajectory of EPS stock prices could be significant above this. We thought, though taking risk off the table, and at these attractive levels, made a whole lot of sense for us, and just took another issue of overhang off the stock.
Tom Fanning: Well, that's a good one. So we think about that a lot. The limited to three is always fun. But here's what I would say. Top three risks are going to be probably hitting our milestones. I know we've put out hours, but milestones are the big deal and it’s not just when we begin. It's when we finish. And did we run into the testing program where we had some equipment failure where we had some issues that we just don't expect that could prolong the successful test of any particular milestone. We know of nothing right now that would suggest that but I would say that is a risk. Another risk will be just kind of maintaining the kind of recent productivity that we have had now, we are building margins. There’s a wisdom on site of keeping an aggressive site plan gives us margin to November. And we want to preserve that as much as we can. We went through a very tough summer where it was very hot, hard working conditions, the thought to the fact of new work fronts being open, new people coming in. Can we maintain the kind of productivity improvements that we have seen recently, the last couple of weeks 160,000 last four weeks about 150,000? That's really good performance. Can we maintain it? I guess that's the last thing. And then -- and then I think just before fuel-load, that is going to be awfully important. Do we wrap up everything that even beyond hot functional test is non-critical path, I would say those three, people will argue about that. But I think that's it. I think that's a fair summation.
Tom Fanning: Let me just say, most of that translates with schedule; there are cost elements to that. That's probably it.
Tom Fanning: Yes. And even with this kind of base that we're in right now with Georgia, we're well within that cone. And when you start to clear these units into rate base, the trajectory really takes off. So it's 4% to 6% and of course, next year, we'll update all that. But we're well within what we said.
Tom Fanning: Yes, well let me give a couple comments. Number one, that idea whether it's a good idea or not will require legislation in Georgia, we don't have such a thing. The other thing was I would also go back to the IRP discussion where this issue was considered and approved on in the IRP. But let the process workout and let the commission and the company and all the intervenors come to a successful conclusion, we think we will be treated well there.
Tom Fanning: And that's how we characterize I think the O&M for the call here. And Drew, kind of big, big plan is to eat inflation every year.
Tom Fanning: Well, just want to thank everybody for joining us. This is an awfully exciting time for us all. And I know we all get focused on Vogtle 3 and 4. But the thing I want to reinforce is the thousands of people at Southern that are making this business home that even despite these really extreme loads we had, really through the summer, and even into October, there was one day very early October, where we do a system-weighted temperature. That system-weighted temperature in October was 91 degrees. This is a time we are normally hitting outage season and you're taking a lot of resources out of play. The system responded beautifully, the transmission people, the generation people, and we proved our flexibility and resilience in this kind of extreme condition. We continue to serve customers well. By all front this company is hitting all cylinders right now. So I know we all get excited and focused on Vogtle, I know I am. But I want you to know that the rest of the business is doing great. Thank you for your followership and look forward to talking with you soon. Take care.
Drew Evans: Well, certainly difficult to add to that. I’ll just say that the estimate to complete is the denominator and the contingency is the numerator. And so that ratio is now larger than when we started. I think the only other feature that's worth noting is that, if you think about time in our contingency and time, we're 25 months out from hot functional testing. So we're pretty close to construction completion --
Drew Evans: …for the delivery of Unit 3. I'm sorry, 13 months. If you look at our delivery expectation, which is November of 2021, that's 25 months. If you look at the amount of time and contingency that we maintain today, it's greater than nearly 25%. So six months over those denominators. So I think both the cost factor and the time factor give us some comfort that we can deliver within the regulatory expectation.
Drew Evans: It’s -- cost control is, needs to be a long-term discipline, I would say that the vast majority of what's occurring here is not smart people moving over, but really the hard work of folks that operate underlying utilities. And as folks move into rate cases, they have to be very focused on cost control; we have to remember that $1 of cost saved allows $8 worth of capital investment and improvement in modernization of our systems. And so rather than looking for large belt tightening exercise, I think the right discipline for us is to be prudent about managing inflations within our business. And that's what we're trying to demonstrate this year.
Drew Evans: It's probably the only thing I'd add is, the way we plan long-term or have been planning in the more recent term for sales growth has been around an expectation that our customer accounts particularly residential would grow by about 1% a year. We offset that with the expectation that efficiencies will be persistent and that will lose, used for customer at about the same rate, maybe something a little bit less. This quarter actually this year-to-date, we’re down about 1.7% in total sales across all three customer classes. And I don't know if we've detailed them for you in the slides, but it's effectively nine-tenths in residential, 1.7% in commercial and about 2.5% in Industrial. This weather normalization is something that we have to construct internally; it is based on linear regression to be completely nerdy about it. And we've moved into non-linear portions of weather experience, which just means that we've hit some extremes. And some, I'm pretty certain that what we're seeing is maybe just a little bit of dissociation from our curves and not so much a result. If you look at last year, we saw about a 1.4% increase in retail sales through the third quarter that probably had the same sort of feature in that, maybe averaging these two years gives us a better indication of what's happening in our economy. Residential and commercial in particular, I think we're probably just seeing normal or expected declines in these areas. In the Industrial segment, probably since the fourth quarter of last year, we have seen Industrial production which doesn't have sort of a weather feature, migrate a bit down over the past maybe four or five quarters, as Tom said, probably due to a little bit of uncertainty and some trade headwinds. But we also have to remember that these are off of pretty significant highs in terms of levels of production at the end of 2018. And so these are just trends that we're monitoring. I would suggest that we look maybe more toward full-year, weather usage as normalization will become a bit more normalized, and that'll help us get a better understanding of how we're budgeting for next year.
Drew Evans: Yes, Michael, it's fair to say, a lot of the work that we did last year was simplification of that business structure. And so we tried to get rid of assets that weren't gas assets that were not within our core service territory. Some of those things that we did around wind and solar were optimization of capital deployments, but not outright sale of assets. I think more importantly, we've just recently announced the purchase of Skookumchuck which is a wind generating asset; we're still very interested in investment in renewables. But as Tom said, we're going to be focused on the risk adjusted returns on those investments and be very careful of -- about what meets our threshold.
Drew Evans: I think the only couple components I would add are that when we do a re-estimate of costs, it is a mark to completion of both facilities. And so we're estimating what we think it will take to complete both Units 3 and 4. And so this is not just a feature for the unit in the near, the Unit 3 in the near-term. In the end, though, Julien, money, time is money. And so a lot of contingency as we progress will be related to the amount of time, it will take to complete the project. That's -- I don't know that there are any expectations that there are system components that wind-up being more expensive than estimated.
Drew Evans: I think that's why we've got to focus on our cost structure. I think we -- mentioned it earlier, but $1 of cost savings permits $8 worth of capital investment. Alabama in particular, I think is proposing a resource mix that's important for meeting their winter peaking and makes pretty progressive strides in terms of the environmental content of what they're generating with. And so and ultimately I think will reduce total costs if you look at the O&M costs structure around coal fired generation. So what we're really trying to do is minimize in total, the impact on customer bills over time, but still have good investment in modernization. I suppose your question was, will lack of customer growth cycle it, it certainly makes it easier if you're -- if the underlying is growing but I don't think it probably reduces from our expectations.
Drew Evans: No, I think more the third quarter of last year was a little bit anomalous, we had to make the assumption that we weren't going to utilize all of the film tax credits that we've purchased at one of the subsidiaries and so the difference really is a little bit unnatural in that regard.
Drew Evans: Well, from a corporate perspective, a 1% change in Industrial sales was about $16 million pre-tax and so pretty small impact. The Southeast generally uses Industrial customer rate design as a way to promote economic development and bring jobs to the region. So we're significantly less sensitive to it. I've probably created too much of a sensitivity to this factor in this question because we did have some demand side management programs that that worked productively in the period to make sure that we didn't have to curtail any needed delivery to customers and that we had, so we had good reliability to commercial and residential customers. And so that that will impact some of the sales figures as well. When we look at full-year though, I think we'll find that we're probably near our expectation which is around 1.5%, maybe 2% reduction in industrial demand in total.
Drew Evans: Right, okay. So just to summarize if there is weakness in Industrial activity worse than sort of what your internal plan assumes, we should not assume that there's -- there would be a deceleration in your growth trajectory or fundamentals just given the fact that it’s not that sensitive. Okay.
Drew Evans: Well, I guess, taking them in two pieces. I'll start with the second one first. It does assume that we use contingency that's embedded in the way we accounted for the cost re-estimation last summer and our expectations for construction. Although, I would say that the Delta is somewhat immaterial to the corporation in total. We will do $8 billion to $9 billion worth of CapEx every year for the next number of years or $38 billion or $39 billion over the plan period. And Vogtle represents only $3 billion or $4 billion of that in aggregate. Your first question was related to the equity units offering which was a mandatory convertible preferred security that we issued in August. It had a number of features that I think drew us there, but not the least of which is that we are quite bullish or comfortable that we will complete the nuclear construction within the regulatory window. And we thought that issuing units that convert after the first unit goes into service is probably to our benefit. We think this share price has a bit of room to regain round to historical trading levels and that instrument allowed us to share in any upside and so we will literally share an upside through the high 60s, maybe low 70s in terms of its conversion when it does convert in August of 2022.
Drew Evans: Yes, the only thing I'd add, just to be clear, we do not plan to utilize the ATM program at all throughout our plan period. And we thought it was an important signal to equity investors that we were complete in our equity issuance and the instrument that you're describing allowed us to do that.
Drew Evans: Let me -- I don't want to give you a halfway answer. So let us handle that maybe in a call after we can give you an absolute number, we'll keep -- we will issue shares under the drift for balance of year, there are still some options that are open to be exercised, where we don't control the timing. And there'll be some modest issuance relative to the total shareholder base related to executive compensation but I can't -- I can't offhand give you a number with much accuracy.
Drew Evans: No, we do think it's incremental to our five-year plan. And we're comfortable that we can handle it within our expected cash generation capitalization goals.
Drew Evans: So weather was certainly the single largest factor sort of $0.09 of the positive variance. The two things that were different than our expectation were levels of operations and maintenance expense. And so we were able to control to a greater degree than where we had budgeted. And then revenue related to real time pricing. The system lambda, the system average cost was actually quite low through the time period, but there was some congestion that led to a slightly higher rate signaling to some industrial customers.
Drew Evans: Certainly things that we're working on, our RTP, real time pricing is more a function of the condition in the period. And so it's not something we view as being persistent. And let me just correct weather is $0.15 greater than expectation, although it's only $0.09 higher than where we were year-to-year.
Drew Evans: Off of 287 base, if you think about that as a cone of growth emanating from 287 will be within that band through the plan period is the expectation.
