Thomas Fanning: Thank you, Drew. In closing, throughout 2018, we continued to execute across all our businesses, achieving outstanding results. The foundation of our business remains strong. Our customer focused business model, with an emphasis on outstanding reliability, best-in-class customer service and rates well below the national average continues to be the cornerstone of delivering value to customers and shareholders. Our credit profiles are significantly improved. We continue to project 4% to 6% long-term growth in our business and our employees across the franchise continue to deliver outstanding service to customers and the communities that we are privileged to serve. 2019 will be an extraordinarily important year for Southern Company, with particular focus on Vogtle Units 3 and 4, and investment in our state regulated businesses. We have a long track record of successfully executing on our business model and believe we are poised for continued success in the months and years ahead. We appreciate your continued interest in Southern Company. Operator, we are now ready to take your questions.
Thomas Fanning: It's all of that. Yes, it's - every so often. Say 18 months or so, we'll take a look at the schedule and based on everything. We have to kind of use schedule in discrete periods, right. We obviously look every week to optimize workflows and process, learning’s from China as they have now achieved start-up, all of that goes into our thinking about, what the implications are for the work performed for the remaining construction period of the plant. All of that input goes into what we call rebaselining. And the outputs we believe, now, it's not gone yet, got to stress this to everybody, but everything that we see right now, as of today, says, cost and schedule are preserved and we expect to have to spend less hours to complete the project than what is currently in our budgets, okay? And if I just gave a little more refinement there, what we know today, what we believe today is at least a reduction in hours of around 600,000 hours. Now, there may be more, we'll see what happens. We’ll deliver that when it becomes public as we conclude the rebaselining effort. So in general, what we said in October was, we needed to hit 140 by March. We've hit 140 in February. Last week, we hit 146,000. So we're very happy with the productivity and the staffing resources necessary to deliver productive hours per week, so good track. The challenge for us, can we sustain that from February of ‘19 to February of ‘20. You should expect that those numbers may bounce around during that period of time, but if we can average 140, we believe right now and this is before baselining is complete, that we'll be able to hit our more aggressive schedules. Recall, the schedule that we are focusing on paramount is November ‘21, November ‘22 for Units 3 and 4, respectively. It remains the case that we are working on site to April schedules. The idea there is to deliver more margin to the regulatory approved schedules by the Georgia Public Service Commission, okay. And we try to give you reference points. And let me just make sure we get those clear. On productive hours worked per week, we think if we average 110,000 hours per week, we could hit November schedules. Hitting anything better than that improves our likelihood of gaining margin to November. That's why we're targeting 140 or even above for this remainder of the period, February ‘19, February of ‘20. These numbers, we believe are consistent with the April schedule that we have in place. But again, we got to finish rebaselining, there's a lot that goes on. Even theoretically you could reduce hours and have a prolonged schedule maybe a week, two weeks, three weeks, a month, something like that. It just depends on a whole lot of sequencing that goes on. But the point is, if we do better than 110, we’re gaining margin to November. We're targeting 140,000, and we're doing a little better than that right now. One other point, these charts in the back, we had an argument internally about providing you those charts. That's okay. We fight all the time here. The charts are based on the old schedule. They do not include the new rebaselining and everything else. And let me just give you the reference point there. On CPI, if we can beat - I think, it's 1.4, CPI is 1.4, then we will do better than our budget that we're projecting for the November in-service dates. And schedule, if we can beat 1.3, we will do better than the November schedule. That's how we're evaluating those charts. Those are the reference points. Now, I'm sorry Greg, I went into a little bit detail, maybe more than you wanted, but I want to be very clear about where we are.
Thomas Fanning: Yeah, there's other factors, the amount of commodities involved, and piping wire, stuff like that, certainly the cost of the units employed. I think we suggested – you know, there was all this conversation in the past about we need people from Canada and everything else and I still think that would be a good thing to have. What we did on the site was actually increase wages for electricians and pipe fitters to essentially top decile. Now, we were able to absorb those costs in our own variance without touching contingency. But there will be issues along the way that really deal with unit cost. Hours certainly matter and all of the things being equal, you have less hours, you have less cost, you have less schedule. But we can't say that with certainty until rebaselining is complete. So let us finish the work and we'll tell everybody what the results are once it's complete.
Thomas Fanning: Yes. So, if you recall, one of the big issues we talked about was - we kind of stated, we need more people, and once we get the people on the site, we got to get them productive. And I think, we've talked in the past about some guys, some - an electrician walks on the site, so we got a new person, but it takes him a while to get productive. We estimate that there is a little bit of friction, may take two weeks or so to get the person working at near best capability. So there is this issue of - what do we get about 75 people per week, getting them up to speed. And so you'll see some friction in the - especially the CPI metric. But as you get staffing where you need it and everybody starts to become productive, CPI should start to go down, and in fact, that's exactly what we're seeing on the site. So it's a function of getting people, getting them productive and then working better. The other factor that has been important here is not just attracting, but retaining people. And not only retaining, but also less absenteeism and a variety of other things. All of our compensation practices right now, incent people to stay, to have good attendance and to be productive. And I must say, we've had a terrific partnership with Bechtel. I want to make sure I call out my friend Brendan Bechtel and Jack Futcher and Barbara and the whole team there at Vogtle 3 and 4. We work with them day in and day out. And we continue to surprise ourselves, I think, with more productivity at the site. It goes to material management practices, it goes to work packages, just real kind of meat and potatoes, blocking and tackling kind of stuff. We continue to find ways to improve.
Thomas Fanning: The Canada comment was just another arrow in the quiver should something else happen. We still have to go through outage season, will people stay with us, a variety of all, but that's just belt suspenders. We feel like everything we are doing right now is getting us the people we need. And in fact, what I would say is, pipe fitters, we're pretty well where we need to be. We do need a few more electricians down the road, but we are where we need to be right now and we'll assess hitting the market for more people later.
Thomas Fanning: Yeah. We're actually very happy with where we are, and in fact, we have a backlog right now. So what does that mean? People see what's happening at the site, I think, word is spreading quickly. We've had great cooperation, Sean McGarvey, US Building Trades, they see this as a quality worksite, a safe worksite. They can count on the hours and so people are really attracted to come here now. So I think what we want to do is continue to see that. We've had more applications come in than we can process or want to process on the site. Like I said, we could process maybe 150 people on the site, but we couldn't make them productive. That would just be a cost measure. Our kind of target has been around 75 people per week. And so we have a backlog right now. We feel good about staffing, we feel good about making them productive. And the numbers that we show so far reflect that.
Thomas Fanning: That graph, I think is based on the aggressive schedule and it's based on an April target, okay. And it's on the old data. It's on the old kind of hours worked and everything else. So my sense is, there's really two pieces of information you don't see on that: one is, how does that compare to November; two is, it doesn't include the benefits of rebaselining.
Thomas Fanning: Yeah. And Jonathan let me just give you that. We chatted about that just before the call what that would look like. Now, this is highly imperfect. I'm giving you what we believe. We think at kind of this 140 plus level, we're going to be completing about 2% per month and that will essentially converge these two lines, but we need to show you that.
Thomas Fanning: We had a real debate about whether to show this or not. We said we would show it to you, that's why we put all these disclaimers up her.
Thomas Fanning: And just remember, during that period, especially '20 and '21, we're in that period where we have the lower ROEs associated with incremental expenditures. But recall, once we clear '21 and '22, once you get these units in, the trajectory really accelerates. It looks like an 8% kind of number out there from say '20 to '22, or '21 to '23. So it has a little bit of a shape and it shouldn't surprise anybody. You all have known about the regulatory settlement with Georgia for some time. I'm happy that if you look at our range this year, it shows that the top side, 8% over 2.87. And the bottom side is anchored in the bottom of our 4% growth rate.
Thomas Fanning: Yeah. And one more just point of interest, the Georgia Commission has always been innovative and creative. For the first time in our IRP, we introduced a section called Resilience, and it really talks about thinking differently about the electric system. In other words, integrating in concepts of resilience beyond transmission lines and generating plants to gas pipelines and what are all the implications of storage and how can we think differently about the make, move and sell concept in terms of improving the reliability and ultimately the resilience to customers. These are really important concepts.
Thomas Fanning: Yeah. In fact, and Drew probably knows better than I do, but I said on TV this morning, we shared - I mean we gave benefits to customers this year of around $2 billion, $1.8 billion from tax reform. They got about two thirds of the benefit. And then another $200 million or so, perhaps more, 209 is what people are showing me right now, in terms of sharing.
Thomas Fanning: So I like what you're saying. Look, yes, we talk a lot about this. I think our plan, we call it optionality. We've got lots of singles we can hit here, lay aside any home runs, lots of little singles we can hit along the way, that we think we can optimize plants, but particularly in '21, is kind of the year we're focused on. We certainly have the ability to do that.
Thomas Fanning: Yes. Thank you, Drew. That clarification is exactly right. And in fact, when we think about - and we haven't talked about it yet, but kind of investor friendly asset sales and all the stuff, we were very active last year. We have a lot more opportunity to do things here. I would view it more as pruning. We just announced Mankato and we expect to close that I guess by June or so. There's more of that to do, whether it's Southern Power, PowerSecure, things like that, we'll see.
Thomas Fanning: And we certainly have done that in '18. And one more comment, boy, we have a great appetite within our operating companies, Alabama, Georgia, Mississippi, the Gas business to where without forcing anything, we're not backing in the numbers. These are things that we can identify, whether it's ash ponds or resilience in the transmission system, that's very reasonable on things that we should do for the benefit of customers. The other trade we've made, you've heard about modernization, reducing O&M significantly. Georgia has done a heck of a lot of that. Mississippi, just give you an example, have reduced over the years personnel at that company from 1500 to now about a 1,000, little over 1,000. So we're really taking money out of the business. We are creating headroom to invest in matters of resilience and technology to improve customer service. Georgia Power withdrew from a lot of its local offices - bill paying [ph] offices and yet increased customer touch through technology by four times. We have lots of opportunity to do better.
Thomas Fanning: Yeah. Angie, that's terrific point to raise, and we've debated about how to talk about this. Let me just tell you what our point of view is and let the other companies speak for themselves. We find - especially in the current environment, we find that solar and wind margins are shrinking pretty dramatically, and we’ll still be active. I guess we have a placeholder in our financial plan of something like $500 million a year for this stuff. We don't expect to spend it. We expect more to be in the $200 million range. And that's really a function of the market. You recall when the market was hot, we played really hard. On the other hand, we have a tremendous appetite inside our franchise businesses to spend more CapEx. What you're seeing with us is an intentional reallocation of CapEx away from those markets to our franchise markets. And it really is a function of need and weighted average cost of capital and what we expect the market will deliver.
Thomas Fanning: Let me - he made such a good point, so let me underline it. Value is a function of risk and return. Returns are down in that market in our opinion, risk is up because the duration of the contract available is down, we don't find that all that attractive.
Thomas Fanning: And man, let me just add two more things. One way to talk about this is, just what are the big kind of systems that you should watch, one is, initial Energy Station, we think that's going to happen in the second quarter, and then the integrated flush of the system. This is essentially where you take water and move it through the pipes, you clean out the pipes, and you get ready to operate. That's kind of the integrated flush, third quarter. And that's one way to talk about, but you got imagine there is lot of systems that go - underlie all these big issues. If we hit these big issues on time, we should hit the little issues on time. So, we're going to work hard to find a way to communicate this with you.
Thomas Fanning: Sure. Hey, let me add one more thing that is just important. I know people love to complain about government and everything else, I would argue that this administration has been very helpful. Congress has been very helpful. In fact, even the past administrator was helpful on building Vogtle. The NRC is a very tough regulator. They are very exacting and requiring, as they should be, and we work well with them. One of the things that when we got the AP1000 technology approved, if you remember, way back then by the NRC, there was a lot of first of a kind issues with that technology. Now, with Sandman and Haiyang operating, we were able to work with the NRC to eliminate what had been required as first of a kind test issues. So, those issues have been eliminated or lessened and that has added about three weeks to our margin. So we're very happy to continue to work with the NRC to look for innovative, creative ways to help achieve the schedules we have in place.
Thomas Fanning: And if I could just beat some good news accomplishment. I think, we bought well and we sold well. I think we demonstrate terrific discipline in that. I think the AGL acquisition was a terrific one for shareholders. I think SONAT was a terrific one for shareholders. When you think about what we were able to do in '18, we sold a gas business in New Jersey and a few other places for 37 times earnings. The highest multiple ever paid for a gas business. The Florida gas business we sold was I think tied - right at tied for the second highest multiple ever paid. Gulf was the highest multiple paid in our knowledge for any electric company. When you think about just other ways to dimension that, we were carrying assets at the time at $45 a share and sold them for $90 bucks a share. We sold 5% of our earnings for 12% of our market cap. So, it wasn't just that we were raising money. We were historically raising money with valuations that people hadn't seen before. These were all very accretive, very friendly to shareholders.
Thomas Fanning: But even with Vogtle, we're within the 4% to 6% count. And if you look at the end, like I suggested before, the shape, for whatever flatter kind of performance you will get through '21, it really takes off once you start clearing 3 and 4. And it looks more like 8% growth at that point.
Thomas Fanning: Yes. And I just want to add, these aren't made up numbers. They're not like what do we need to fill a hole and let's create CapEx to do that. These are projects that we know about, they are sensible and they help customers.
Thomas Fanning: Divesting, it's an interesting question. I think we will continue to look at opportunity within the midstream. We really enjoy the investment there that we have in SONAT, Dalton, the construction that was completed a year and a half ago that's brought tremendous benefit I think to the customers of Georgia. The same can be said of other two constructions, although they are much smaller in terms of relative contribution to the - particularly the first one that I mentioned, but divestiture, I don't know, I think as these things get to commercial operation, we'll just have to assess whether they're better held by us or by others.
Thomas Fanning: The primary goal is to bring low cost gas into our service territories and to the extent that we can continue to do that, SONAT certainly does into the Southeast for both the gas and electric businesses. ACP or PennEast Pipeline into Illinois, anything that's in service of customer, probably fits in our portfolio.
Thomas Fanning: No. Hope I didn't communicate that, PowerSecure, we think is a really important thing. In fact, somebody - I think it was Angie asked before about generation in commercial and industrial realm. In fact, that's what we've seen. The last three win deals we've done have been General Mills, General Motors and a cruise line. Here's the point, we see the age of big iron making, moving and selling at scale, central station power units, as potentially slowing down and dissipating over time, won't go away. And I can't tell you the timeframe in which this is happening, but I think it's happening to some degree now. And then what we see in its place is something we refer to as distributed infrastructure. So now think about make, move and sell on the customer premises. And so we think that a certain combination of Southern Power as it applies to Angie's question, the commercial and industrial segment, along with the strategic portion of PowerSecure really do matter. And also we are finding in the market elements of Sequent, really include Sequent in our guidance and all that stuff. That is a subsidiary that's part of the gas infrastructure. Their major purpose in life beyond managing the pipeline investments we have, like SONAT is to make sure that the pipelines are full of gas, and that we have efficient operation. Customers are finding now that if we can handle their fuel management issues, that synergy along with distributed infrastructure has great appeal and may fill up this gap that's developing on what we call distributed infrastructure. There is a whole lot about PowerSecure that is a very strategic. There are elements perhaps that may not be, and we'll figure that out over time.
Thomas Fanning: And we're always looking over our hand in terms of the economics of the best mix of capacity we've got. It wouldn't surprise me. We've announced some stuff in the IRP at Georgia, Hammond, Macintosh, to see more of that thinking elsewhere in the system. It's just tough to think about all of the expense, whether it's O&M, environmental, everything else supporting the coal fleet. We think that is a drumbeat that will continue. And as technologies developed, whether they are renewables or new, highly efficient gas or storage, we’ll take that into account as well.
Thomas Fanning: I think so. If it's not, we'll cover that with you offline, but I don't think anything has changed materially there.
Thomas Fanning: And let me tell you something, if I could give a quick policy argument, tax reform as they've done it, has been so beneficial to so many people. The argument against it is, only the fat cats, the rich people benefit. It's dead wrong in our business. The way we've structured it, something like $1.8 billion of some sort of rate reductions accrue, whether they are refunds or other sort of rate reductions accrue to customers. And 46% of our customers make less than $40,000 a year and when you look at that segment, energy budget is a high part of their disposable income. This has a direct positive impact on some of the people in our economy that needed the most. This has been a great outcome.
Thomas Fanning: Yes. So you hit my first answer right on the head. And that is, I don't want to speak for the staff. Look, if you just look at the facts right now, whether it's productive hours per week, a 110,000 versus a 140,000 plus hours work per week, we're developing margin to November. We’re able to get the staff we need. We haven't eaten into any of the contingency. So, schedule, costs, productivity, these numbers look pretty good. Now, we have to sustain them, and maybe things that we don't know, the unknown are unknowns. We have the units in China working well. So we know the technology works. So here's the thing, I think - just as I indicated on an earlier question, I think that we're able to demonstrate we get staff, we get them productive, we are working. I think the next big issue is going to be turnover. And I know Dr. Jacobs, who we dearly love, he is a really smart guy and works with us, and sits in all our meetings, that's part of his area of expertise. But how we move from construction now to the start-up, looking toward half fuel load, potentially as soon as 18 months away, is kind of the big issue right now. And we'll talk more about that in calls ahead.
Thomas Fanning: No. We're really happy to be able to report these results. It's the productive work of thousands of people, making thousands of good decisions every day. I want to call out Bechtel, our partner on this important Vogtle journey that we're on. I think we're in good shape right now. The challenge is going to be keep the momentum going, sustain the progress and continue to execute the way we have. The financial plan is awfully robust. I think, we've demonstrated agility in being able to respond to changed conditions in some of the best regulatory environments in the United States. We expect that will continue. Lots of important work ahead in '19, but I think we're poised to execute and do well during this year. Thank you for your followership of this Company and we'll continue to work on your behalf as hard as we can. Have a great week.
Andrew Evans: Another way for you maybe to think about this is that rebaselining is an effort to understand the number of hours that it takes to complete each of the tasks that are required for completion of the facility. And so, efficiency is an important measure, but after a year or so of operation, just really redefining what each individual task will take in terms of total hours that way we're not tracking against the curve that's incomplete. And everybody should know, Julien, we know it well, there is still a long way to go. Building margin is just smart. You just don't know what's going to happen in the future, we're showing a really good report today. It's important for us to continue to build the margin. That just insulates us against risk in the future.
Andrew Evans: Jonathan, I think that's still fair. You have to remember that what will actually be reported is still a function of the ROEs that are allowed during the construction period for Vogtle. And so that capital deployment does put a little bit of pressure on what would have been reported normally. Tom and I've talked a lot about this. I think, absent Vogtle, we're quite comfortable with our strength within that cone of earnings.
Andrew Evans: We'd be at the top end, but we are comfortable that we can stay within it even with the ROE depression that we get from Vogtle deployment.
Andrew Evans: The most significant difference probably year-over-year is that we really are focusing our efforts on this $38 billion worth of investment into regulated enterprise. We continue to identify projects, whether environmental or modernization, and transmission and distribution. We're still exploring opportunity around migration of the generating fleet to a less carbon intensive mode. And so I think that these will be a series of updates as we explore these options through '20 and '21, but this is our single best projection of our future, I think, today.
Andrew Evans: I think ascribing it to Alabama perhaps is a little bit unfair. We'll look at a variety of options across unregulated complex in total, Alabama's going to seek to do what's in the best interest of their customers at all times related to rate and return.
Andrew Evans: Perfect example is hyper investment in unregulated subsidiary generally leads to some dilution in the near term. We can produce a better earnings profile out of that business in the short term by utilizing its own assets to fund its development. And as Tom said, maybe prune back a little bit and things that are a little less strategic or find opportunities for people have a different view of value than we do.
Andrew Evans: We're certainly not turning away from the concept of renewables. In fact, Georgia Power included over 1,000 mega watts of renewables within their most recent IRP. And so, I think you might see the form of that investment change a little bit. But as Tom said, as we look at things in the unregulated space, it's not only the margins that have declined, but perhaps the duration of contract and the credit quality of counter party. It simply falls through some of our return expectations. And so we just have to evaluate these things on a case-by-case basis and make sure they're accretive to shareholder value.
Andrew Evans: Man, you're right on the money. This is the next big thing to talk about. So coming out the kind of July reset and then into the October earnings call or November earnings call, whenever it was, setting the trajectory, and getting people on-site and getting them productive was the most important thing we could do. We already have been involved in some turnover from construction to start up. So that actually has been ongoing. None of those systems that in the past have been all that critical in terms of critical path to schedule. Frankly, we haven't done as well as we would like to do on those early efforts. But we are now laser focused on what it's going to take in order to move out of construction phase in the start-up phase. Let me just tell you, if we stay on this April schedule, conceivably, you could have fuel load as early as for Unit 3, October of 2020, that's 18 months away. So we are right now in a big time mode on focusing, taking in systems, turning them over to the start-up folks and that's not only the construction and operation, but the paperwork and all the stuff we have in place to get the iTech [ph] complete to go to high fuel load. We have integrated teams in place, we have some of the best people around the United States, out own people, Bechtel, and we're very happy with kind of where we are right now. You should know also, this is an area of great learning from China. We have seen what they've done at Sandman and Haiyang. We've taken best practices. And in fact, we are thinking - even in the part of the rebate lining is, rethinking the schedule and sequence of the major events in the schedule to give us more certainty on the turnover package issue. This will be the next big thing to talk about. And we have talked internally about some graphics and some other ways to give you some transparency as to how this is going. Right now, we want to make sure we've got people, got them productive. The next thing will be our progress on the question you raised.
Andrew Evans: First, I think a simple answer to your question is, absolutely, it could. What we wanted to demonstrate though is that we can meet the requirements of the plan that we've laid out for ourselves just using the internal plans at our disposal. And so, it's basically dividend reinvestment in any option exercise that occurs. I think '18 has been very indicative of the approach that we'll take, but I would say the majors have been done or are in process for 2019. We're always looking to prune and make sure that there are opportunities to kind of refocus smaller business lines and we're going to be as opportunistic around those things as we possibly can this year.
Andrew Evans: So this is a little like the question, I think, we took earlier and really relates to the shape of our - or the path of our growth through that 4% to 6% earnings expectation. We know that we're going to have pressure related to Vogtle with construction investment over the next three year period, and so it doesn't translate as you see it here, 6% growth in state-regulated - or 6% growth in electric utility to a full 6% growth at the corporation. I don't know that we'd be particularly doing ourselves a benefit by moving our growth ranges around to the time when we are really focused on execution on Vogtle, but we'll kind of revisit that idea when we’re substantially complete there.
Andrew Evans: And Michael, you are correct, the vast majority of the change here relates to environmental CapEx and also some modernization of the T&D infrastructure over that period. But our change is little over $4 billion or kind of in that proximity and really is almost entirely in regulated enterprises.
Andrew Evans: Yes. And the old joke around here is, strategic means the numbers don't work. SONAT is strategic and the numbers work. It's a wonderful annuity. That's another one, where we bought well, I think. And as you mentioned, Dalton, is perfect for our system. There's high synergy with those assets.
Andrew Evans: You have to really put that investment in context of size and it does show up in our capital deployment. It's just not as capital intensive as the core business is…
Andrew Evans: This is - an experiment is not the correct word, probably very important for us to be able to understand how the distributed generation market develops. We have a good sense of it in our own service territories, but there are others that are further along in their journey, whether that's sort of out west of us or otherwise. And so, I think we'll continue to invest in that business to understand how distributed generation might change the utility business in total, it's a very important way for us to understand the markets.
Andrew Evans: I'd say if you look at the projections today, it's more the lack of having these items here or probably more around the uncertainty of whether or not there will be - the IRPs will reflect them. However, we are in process with IRPs in Georgia and ultimately in Alabama and expect at least 1,000 megawatts of renewables will be built within the Georgia portfolio.
Andrew Evans: We are assuming that they stay in place, assuming that tax law stays as it is. You'll probably remember that the adjustments to capital structure really were simply for maintenance of the current credit quality of the utilities, as they existed prior to reform. And so, Ali, we do expect that will continue. That'll be adjudicated in Georgia over the next few months for both Atlanta Gas Light and Georgia Power. We’re working to make some progress in the State of Illinois. And Alabama, had I think really, really strong commitment from their regulators to maintain the credit quality of their business. And so, comfortable with how we've described in the projection.
Andrew Evans: I think the largest change year-over-year was the impact of tax reform. But let me get back to you in terms of the effective rate and the cash tax rate. I don't think it's very differently, significantly from our original expectation. Little bit of movement perhaps related to gains on sale of assets, but that would be the principal difference.
