Thomas A. Fanning: Thanks, Drew. As you can see from today's results, we continue to execute across our businesses and we're well-positioned to deliver on our goals for 2018 and beyond. We demonstrated the constructive nature of our state regulatory environments earlier this year as we delivered significant benefits to customers resulting from tax reform, while at the same time maintaining the credit metrics of our state-regulated businesses. For the incremental equity required to meet these plans, we executed in an outstanding manner through earnings accretive asset sales. Additionally, the economy within our service territories remains strong with in-migration and employment driving customer growth. As always, it is our customer-focused business model with emphasis on outstanding reliability, best-in-class customer service, and rates well below the national average that remains the cornerstone of our company and a key driver of long-term value to Southern Company's shareholders. Our commitment to delivering energy and energy solutions to customers includes conserving and protecting the environment for today and for future generations. This progress is evidenced by our successful reduction of greenhouse gas emissions by over 35% since 2007. We understand the importance of engaging with all of our stakeholders in a productive, transparent conversation about how we safely manage risk while delivering shareholder value and growth. Our goal of low- to no-carbon future will continue to inform our planning processes in the near future. We also continue to seek ways to improve our interim benchmarks as we progress towards our objective of a low- to no-carbon future. Southern Power also continues to execute on its plan to deploy capital into value-accretive, carbon-free renewable projects. The 150-megawatt Cactus Flats wind facility in Texas reached commercial operation in July of 2018. The output from this facility is fully contracted through long term purchase power agreements with General Mills and General Motors. Additionally, Southern Power recently announced a 200-megawatt Reading wind facility in Kansas with a 12-year power purchase agreement with Royal Caribbean Cruise Lines. Let's now move on to the mid-term elections. We watched last night's election results with much interest. No matter who is in office, we share a strong sense of purpose to our shared constituents all over the United States by providing clean, safe, reliable and affordable energy to the customers we're privileged to serve. We provide an unassailable advantage in a globally competitive worldwide economy. We remain focused on demonstrating superior performance across all our businesses. As we look ahead to our fourth quarter call in February, in addition to sharing our 2019 annual EPS guidance and an update on Vogtle 3 and 4, we will also update our five-year capital forecast, including expected ash pond closure costs and capital initiatives at our state-regulated utilities to improve service and lower operating costs. We certainly appreciate your continued interest in Southern Company and are now ready to take your questions. Operator? We'll now take the first question.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, there's still some ballots to be counted. In order to avoid a run-off, they got to be above 50%. Right now, I believe Tricia Pridemore is above 50%. Chuck Eaton, I think the latest tally has him very slightly below 50% but still with absentee ballots uncounted. We'll just have to see how that turns out. If there is a run-off, it would be I think December 4.
Thomas A. Fanning: And then it lasts about a year. There's kind of a big plateau up there, and then it will ramp down starting in February of 2020.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, number of factors at play and one of the first things you should recognize is that the optimal staffing curve is always a little bit of a moving target. Witness the productivity increase that we got on-site, moving from pre-stand-down 80,000 hours a week. We've actually achieved 120,000 hours achieved the last week with actually fewer personnel. So, we're able to manage how much increased staffing we'll need by what our productivity assumption may be. Further, there's a whole host of other things at play. I think we mentioned this Helping Hands idea. A lot of what's going on right now involves setting up cable trays and pulling cable on-site. Ultimately, you have to connect that cable. One of the things we thought about is the original projections assume that electricians would handle most of that work. Through the Helping Hands initiative, we can re-segment the work so that other craft labor can participate in that activity. That obviously has an impact on how many electricians you will need. Ultimately, we do need more electricians on-site, and we have aggressive plans in place. We continue to work with Department of Labor. We continue to think about different ways to reduce absenteeism and attract new labor from around the region.
Thomas A. Fanning: Sure. I think, since – if I remember this right, we had probably, May through June, 4,100 direct craft. Post the reset, we actually reduced the number of craft on-site. That went down to about 3,700, right? And we've been adding some people now here lately. I think last week, we added 40 people. Right now, we have 3,850 on-site, and what we would like to do by February to March is have somewhere in the 4,500 region. So, if you add 100 per craft, that gets you to that kind of number.
Thomas A. Fanning: Oh, sure. Oh, sure. Yeah, and like I said, there's going to be a little bit of a moving target there, but that's right.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, you've got great memory. Yeah, yeah, you've got a great memory. So let's just kind of go through the numbers. So if we hit 120,000, kind of, a duration, we believe we'll be able to satisfy the schedule at November. Of course, we'll use up a lot of our scheduled contingency, essentially getting above 120,000 to 140,000, or if we could do it even better than 140,000 to 150,000 or even 160,000. What that does is increase our schedule margin and that's something we're pursuing with great haste, but those numbers you're remembering are correct.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes, that's exactly right. So, here is the thing. We're very gratified with the improvement in productivity that allowed us with fewer people to increase our hours up to 120,000. I must say, and we push our people around a lot in our meetings, it's – I think the ability with that level of staffing to get more productivity starts to get a little limited. Our key to success in getting more margin now will be getting more people. You're right to focus on the numbers of hours, because that's ultimately what matters. Getting work done on the site. We do think we need more people on-site now.
Thomas A. Fanning: That's right because all that matters is hours worked, right. I'm just saying at these productivity levels. At these productivity levels, we need more people.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, Steve. I'd say that partially. So, if we compare weather, it's about $0.08 improvement relative to what our normal expectation would be, but I think the balance of your math is correct. A good portion of our benefit is still coming from productive state regulatory reform and usage and customer growth. And recall, when we went out with that original guidance, a lot of that was on the basis of 7 million shares associated with preserving the credit metrics with tax reform. What we've been able to do through these asset sales is essentially avoid now over 4 million shares, so the shares avoided certainly has a pickup in 2018 relative to what our original estimate was.
Thomas A. Fanning: So recall, you got the regulatory structure at Georgia. So, as we go through 2019 and 2020 moving to in-service of 2021, we have effects there through the earnings rates, which you've always kind of talked about that it would kind of be flattish a little bit, but within our 4% to 6% growth off of $2.87. The other thing we have is when we think about the effects of selling Gulf Power or Florida City Gas or Elizabethtown or Mankato, we have a net effect we had originally planned for taking some of the 7 million shares in the form of something like converts, where we kind of plan that in 2019. We may do that similar thing, but it's less of an effect in 2019. All the positive accretion we see from those deals will likely start to show in 2020 and 2021. I think we're going to see the lion's share of the accretion in those two-years particularly.
Thomas A. Fanning: Oh, yeah, no, no, there's plenty of opportunities to do more. We try to be very judicious and strategic in how we exercise those things, but there's certainly more on the palette of opportunities.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, sure. Variety of things here. We have been in the low 300s for some time at Southern Power. As we think about the different – we've remixed so a lot of that earnings in the past, I don't know, two to three years was ITC related from solar, and so you've got these big pops. We've intentionally, and I think, we have some information in our slide material, transitioned from the kind of single year, people are shaking their heads at me on that on the slide material, but we've transitioned away from kind of the one-time pops to more the 10-year production tax credit, associated with wind. So here is kind of where we think Southern Power ends up, and that is earnings in kind of the low-200s, growing at 5% to 10% and we really think also that's a function of the market. When we saw tax reform occur, and we started hinting at this some last year, we really refocused growing a lot of earnings outside the state-regulated utility franchises, both electric and gas. And right now, what we see is when you think about Southern's earnings, something like 95% of Southern's earnings come from our state-regulated electric and gas franchises. That's where we think the best opportunity to grow the business is and we think it's a very attractive risk return proposition.
Thomas A. Fanning: We're going to execute to – I'm going to comment on Bloom broadly. I'll say this. We've had a terrific relationship with Bloom and where we have deployed the Bloom technology along with our own proprietary storage and switch gear, we've had a terrific experience and the customers love it. More broadly, about PowerSecure. I think, I haven't seen the final numbers on Michael, but for Irma and a variety of these other storms, PowerSecure customers have been able to maintain operability during these worst of times at like a 98% availability level. It's been a terrific business and you know what I say frequently on the stump is, Southern has been such an iconic company for so long and we have such great franchises and such a great customer base. It is, however, I think this kind of inexorable change where, because technology enables it and because customers are requiring it, I think this old 100-year-old model of make, move and sell at a central station asset concentrated level may in fact start to dissipate over time. And that's why we did the acquisition of PowerSecure. And I think what also is notable, if you look at the recent business of Southern Power, we grew up on selling to IOUs and munis and co-ops, and lately we've been selling long term renewables to people like General Mills, General Motors and Carnival Cruise Lines. So what we're seeing is an intersection of interest particularly in the commercial and industrial sectors between what Southern Power is now doing and what PowerSecure is doing. Add to that our fuel management capabilities at places like Sequent, we think that we not only can play well but in fact influence how distributed infrastructure may occur in America. So it's very exciting. It's a very small bet. We've always said that, but it's a very exciting option bet that we've made.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, we try to be very kind of dogmatic about M&A. I know I've been answering M&A questions since even when I was CFO, but we try to have as much discipline about buying as we do selling. And a lot of times when you think about M&A in the asset space, as Drew mentioned, it's who is the best owner? Who can think about deriving synergies to improve their bottom-line? Or who can blend that operation into their business to reduce risk? Those are kind of the ways we create value here. We think there's plenty more opportunities, and we'll see how they turn out.
Thomas A. Fanning: No. You won't see a reversal. That's an ongoing matter. And remember just broadly, too, I think, when we saw tax reform – essentially I got that question also on – or I guess, I created the question on CNBC this morning. It showed that our revenues missed. Even though our bottom line was way up, our revenues were off by 0.7%. We think that's a function of tax reform. In other words, what we did was reduced rates, and about the rough math was about two thirds of the benefit went into rate reductions. One third of the benefit was captured to support higher equity ratios, which in fact, preserved our credit quality, our debt coverage ratios. So if I had to, kind of, think about it, it's an ongoing benefit of two thirds of any dollar of tax reform benefit go to customers.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, that's wonderful stuff. So in general, what you should look for on schedule, the SPI is essentially one equals April, and – what did I say – 1.2 or so equals November, somewhere around there.
Thomas A. Fanning: It means, I think, we're on pace for our April aggressive schedule. Now, the real key to that, Anthony, is thinking about how we're able to keep pace on staffing at the site. Let me just review that again. At about the 120,000 level, 120,000 hours per week, what we are able to do, we think, is hit the November schedule, okay? But we would do that without margin. So what we're trying to do is increase hours worked per week above 120,000, and I think it was Jonathan that remembered the 140,000. We could go 150,000, 160,000, but anything we do above that level increases our margin and enables us to better hit a more accelerated schedule, which right now we're planning for April, not November.
Thomas A. Fanning: No, sir. If we are not able to keep pace on getting staffing up to 140,000 by, I don't know, February, something like that, then we'll have less margin. The 1.0 would be April, so maybe instead of April, you would end up with May or June or something like that. A lower number on SPI is better, okay? And the whole staffing and the whole hours worked per week is all an objective to increase margin against the regulatory schedule of November.
Thomas A. Fanning: And recall the whole $7 billion that we've been targeting is really at a thicker equity ratio for the company, in general, which gets us back to the coverage ratios at the Southern level.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, let's review the bidding there. Kind of in the prior numbers we gave you was $1.5 billion a year, is what we were looking at, and we've ratcheted that back to about $500 million a year. When you look at the two ranges we just gave you growing at 5% and growing at 10%, the $500 million a year will get us to the 10% number, no incremental growth gets us at a long term 5% earnings float.
Thomas A. Fanning: It assumes what we've announced, in other words the solar, the wind, but nothing further. We'll evaluate tax equity going forward. We're eating pretty dramatically into any kind of carry-forward position we have, and so we'll assess going forward whether we want to do tax equity or just carry the production tax credits ourselves.
Thomas A. Fanning: Because we'll look at other investor-friendly options, et cetera. So, we'll balance all that together.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, I don't know whether you saw my little appearance on TV this morning. Look, the numbers we're showing this quarter are really at the tops of what we've been talking about for some years now, 1.4% growth quarter-over-quarter in retail sales, 2.4% in industrial, 1% growth in customers. Look these are all really good numbers. I would just throw a wee bit of caution on all that optimism. With my work at the Fed and everything else in our own analysis we do look at something that I call momentum numbers and I'm seeing momentum that looks kind of flat. That is you still may be positive quarter-over-quarter, but if you're less positive, I call that a negative. The momentum numbers would indicate that there is a bit of a pause in the economy and absent any positive action, we could see those numbers go back down a bit. What could unleash it? I think what we're seeing in the good numbers is the effect of tax reform and lower regulation and so people are investing in their businesses but they're doing it largely in their current sites, or expanding a current site. I think there is another wave but that wave is being suppressed right now through kind of long-term concern about the tax war, skirmish, whatever phrase you want to use. If we could resolve some of that uncertainty in the worldwide economic market, I think there is another breath to take on continued economic expansion, which would really help those numbers. That's kind of what I'm seeing right now. But boy if you look at our manufacturing numbers, for example, Drew, virtually all of them are positive.
Thomas A. Fanning: And because our job growth is great, unemployment rate is still low, people will come to the Southeast to get jobs and we'll continue to deliver jobs to the public. It's a really good dynamic right now. I just want to throw just a little bit of caution on it.
Thomas A. Fanning: No, these are structural. Look, we've been working on something called modernization here, and the whole idea is we're making investments in our business largely technology driven, I would say, otherwise, kind of environmental driven, the ash pond work, a variety of other things. And what we're able to do is, for example, through technology provide customers with like a four times greater point of presence, while reducing the fixed assets in the field through investments in local towns and a variety of other things. So we've actually been able to improve customer service and create structural reductions in O&M. Georgia Power clearly has been a leader in that, and we think those things are sustainable around the clock here at Southern. And there's more to go, so we'll keep working on it.
Thomas A. Fanning: And some of that sounds kind of ominous, but if you look at Georgia Power by reducing, kind of, capital in the field and investing in technology and this multiplication of points of presence, they were actually voted the Most Trusted Electric Utility in the United States last year. We can improve customer service and, at the same time, take cost out of the business.
Thomas A. Fanning: It's an increase in CapEx. The objective will be take O&M down, increase CapEx, keeping rates constant, all other things being equal.
Thomas A. Fanning: It assumes a regular growth rate of, like 3%, but as Drew said, we're not going to be satisfied with growing O&M at 3%. We're going to grind it away to zero is what we're hoping for.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, sure. We're selling our – I think it's our most heavy coal generator is Gulf Power. NextEra is buying them. We have been – Georgia Power has been a leader in the United States. In fact, remember they were voted the number one Investor Owned Utility by the solar industry. They have the largest voluntary solar program in the United States. My sense is solar will continue to be in favor in the portfolio. With Georgia and even Alabama, we now see wind, we see some solar, and we continue to rethink opportunities in gas. So Mississippi is really pretty small. So when you think about our whole portfolio now, what you see is a growing trend as we complete Vogtle, maintaining nuclear, growing gas with the influence of coal over time dissipating. That's the trend you should see. Much more renewables. Before I got here, we were zero on renewables. Now, across our fleet, including Southern Power, we're around 10%. That's – for a company that produces as much energy as the nation of Australia roundabouts, that's a pretty big move.
Thomas A. Fanning: Oh, no. No constraint at all. The issue is we just look on a case-by-case basis. When you think about the Florida transaction we just did, we had an enormous kind of carry-forward position. That's a taxable transaction. That takes away – all these asset sales that are taxable, eats away at that carry-forward position. We're now in a position where we can think kind of on a case-by-case basis whether we want to carry the tax credits and PTCs, ITCs, whatever they are or whether we'd rather sell the tax benefits to somebody else. It's really a pretty straightforward calculation as to the time value with cash, whether we're better having it or whether somebody else is.
Thomas A. Fanning: We have been working with the Department of Labor to source labor from Canada. Yes, we have. But there are other ways to get that labor, too. And remember, this Helping Hands thing is a new strategy. I don't know. How long is it? Probably four-to-six-months old, something like that, but it's a way to re-segment the work so that we need fewer electricians and we can let other craft labor take big segments of work like pulling cable through cable trays. Ultimately, you have to connect the cable, so you need electricians. Plus, other ideas we have about sourcing through reducing attrition on the site, reducing absenteeism on the site and increasing productivity. We're very thoughtful of that a variety of ways. Even if we don't get labor from Canada, we may be able to source enough personnel to accomplish the work we need and get the margins we want. One other big factor we haven't spent a lot of time on; we continually work on the site with lessons learned from China and working with our prime contractor Bechtel to re-sequence work, optimize work processes and we've achieved much-better productivity that witnessed the latest numbers as a result of those good efforts. I personally call or we speak, Brendan Bechtel and I, once every two weeks or so. Steve Kuczynski, Head of our Nuclear Group is on-site all the time. We are working with the executives at Bechtel and Southern Nuclear to always optimize the workflow and we've been able to improve productivity as a result of that. That also goes to the need and timing of new personnel on-site, that's something else I alluded to but wasn't as direct as I am now.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, sure there are limits. The kind of obvious limit I just said was ultimately we'll need electricians to connect the cables. We think kind of right now, we've displaced 150 people through this Helping Hands thing, but I think you're right. I think – but here again, let me give kudos to the labor unions here. We've always had a great relationship with folks like Sean McGarvey and others. It's a real partnership on-site between management, Bechtel and the unions, everybody wants this site to be successful and the unions have been super cooperative, and creative and thoughtful in how we deploy personnel here and get them to work together. They've really been terrific.
Thomas A. Fanning: Hey, Drew. The other thing that we always kind of laugh at each other in the group I think is weather-adjusted number. So, we really do work hard at getting good numbers, but I'm always a little skeptical as to the weather adjustment. For example, in 2017, we had a hurricane, so we had to adjust out the effect of a hurricane year-over-year. Next year, we've had Hurricane Michael in the fourth quarter.
Thomas A. Fanning: We're going to have to adjust all that out. These adjustments, we do the best we can. I'm always a little squeamish about them.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, we've had about a couple dozen people over there. They're now starting to matriculate back to the U.S., so we're not going to have permanent staffing there. We've really been there during the construction. So, now that these guys are going in-service, there's really no need to have them there. We continue to have a good exchange with the Chinese about the plants, and the NRC frankly has been very constructive in thinking about how those plants have operated and started up much better than what people expected. We have kept our own estimates on start-up constant, but we're very gratified with the experience the Chinese have had.
Thomas A. Fanning: Of course. The world of M&A covers assets, it covers companies, it covers everything, and we try and have the same discipline whether we're buying or selling. Particularly, I thought we bought very smartly with AGL Resources. And when you think about some of the PE multiples and implied share prices, therefore, of the sales that we've done, we think we've accreted enormously to shareholder value well over, I don't know, $3 billion or $4 billion here. We're always looking over our hand here, whether we're a buyer or a seller, and you're right. I mean we kind of laugh about it, but like my good friend Ben Fowke up there at Xcel, I did pick up the phone and call Ben and just see what his interest was. We have plenty of opportunities whether to use the phone or bump into each other at a variety of meetings that we have. It's a very interesting environment right now. The good news is it's an option laden environment. I think there's a lot of interest and activity both on the buying and selling realm for a variety of people, some of which are conventional, strategic buyers and some of which are the financial buyers, the non-strategics. Anyway, there's a very active evaluation going on in the market right now and we're certainly participating in that.
Thomas A. Fanning: Oh, man, I hate that. It's always good catching up. Hey, I'm so appreciative of you joining us on the call. Really good hearing from you.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, it's been quite a year. It's been a terrific quarter and I think as we've suggested, we've got a great foundation to continue to sustain this performance. Very gratified with our progress at Vogtle. We continue to work hard. We know there will always be challenges, but we appreciate your attention on today's call and look forward to chatting with you in the next week or so. See you soon. Thanks, everybody.
Andrew W. Evans: Yeah, just to emphasize. The 140,000 was related to the accelerated schedule, which would put us in service and preserve margin, but it's the April timeframe as opposed to the November commitment that we've made statewide.
Andrew W. Evans: More people but in absolute terms, I don't know that we include that as part of our three-cornered hat. We do still believe that CPI and SPI, which measure the productivity and the cost of that labor being produced probably are better measures for us in aggregate.
Andrew W. Evans: Steve, I'd say this do your math more directly, to answer your question more directly. If we take the $3.05 and back out about $0.08, we're still significantly above the top end of our initial guidance range just because of the factors we talked about.
Andrew W. Evans: So a couple hundred million dollars invested in the expansion of Mankato, the total invested today is about $580 million.
Andrew W. Evans: So, Julien, this is Drew. I would start by saying there's not really a good multiple that I could describe to you because it's not a plant in-service, and so you're probably better triangulating it off of something like dollars per kilowatt. And we think it's a very fair market transaction and something that would be good for Northern States Power. You second part, second part of your question was really what else resides in the portfolio, and I think we've got to take a look at each of the individual assets one by one, assess their importance to the Southern portfolio, to our business partners that are the municipal and cooperative load aggregators within the State. And we'll just continue to look at them one by one. We have the – I think, we've shown a strong preference for participating in the construction of wind and solar assets. We want to continue to do that. We've probably optimized from a tax perspective against those two asset classes, and that's why you see movement now on something like Mankato, which is out of the gas portfolio.
Andrew W. Evans: Just a little follow-on. If I thought more about the Wind portfolio, I think the current tax equity transaction represents sort of eight of the facilities within the portfolio, and we will have continued construction and some other assets that would qualify under very similar construct. And so those will also be avenues for us for capital raise without disposition of assets.
Andrew W. Evans: Yeah, I think in this particular circumstance there, it's $0.10, but that nets from $0.22 worth of benefits. And so it is something – that is the functioning of how it will be forever.
Andrew W. Evans: So if you remember, it's a capital-based asset we acquired a couple of years ago. There is some depreciation associated with that asset, and so the deltas really just reflects what the current tax basis is.
Andrew W. Evans: That and we also rebalance our capital structure so that we meet our FFO-to-debt targets. And so a portion of the proceeds will be used to pay down debt.
Andrew W. Evans: We try to couch all of our sales based on the equity reduction, knowing that the proceeds will be used for both purposes; repayment of debt and reduction of equity need.
Andrew W. Evans: No, I don't think that's probably fair. We have drip and dribble that still continue through balance of year. The ATM is the one that we may modulate based on our expectations, but – and our success really in raising capital in these methods, but we still have to preserve all the options we've got through the balance of the year.
Andrew W. Evans: Ali, I just have to get back to you on it. I don't recall what the projection was. I should probably know it, but don't. Something we can talk to you about in the post-call.
Andrew W. Evans: It really does move through time and the goal is through 2022. I think we've done some very proactive things now with the sale of Mankato and being able to get $1 billion worth of equity up. We will, I want to be able to preserve our options through the balance of the year. The dividend reinvestment plan will still be functioning and the ATM is still open, but I don't know if I'm answering your question directly. I think we will continue to issue shares at least in some form through the balance of the year.
Andrew W. Evans: $500 million or $600 million per annum through all programs really, options and dividend reinvestment.
Andrew W. Evans: It's a pretty straight line for those two programs. The only options really are variable, we can't control the exercise of but dividend reinvestment really is the principal one and so the next – that happens as dividends are declared and paid.
Andrew W. Evans: It's probably fair to say that the results will vary by franchise, and we're in different states of maturity in each. But the goal really is to grind inflation ultimately out of the business in aggregate and see if we can't do more of that from the parent. And then, really it's an offset to a lot of the capital that needs to be invested into rate-base into the franchises.
Andrew W. Evans: Yeah, that's effectively it. So, we're looking at the projection for net income for the underlying asset, the effects for us on EPS' share, earnings per share. We're really looking at the income relative to the cost of avoiding issuance of new equity.
Andrew W. Evans: The simplest form of this is sort of the after-tax proceeds on a per-share basis relative to our own share price, although that varies with tax position and basis in the underlying asset but that's the calculation.
Andrew W. Evans: And we've come close to optimization with the current portfolio. What Tom described is absolutely true for future construction. We'll also have assets that mature enough so this becomes a possibility even within the existing portfolio, but we will look at it against share issuance at every point.
Andrew W. Evans: Yeah, we've been 110,000. We just got 120,000. In order to get – and we think kind of at the 120,000 level we can hit November, and now we'll use up all our margin. So the objective right now, based on this kind of ambitious schedule that we've laid out, is to do the best we can to improve margin, to get back to kind of an April in-service. In order to do that, we need to continuously evaluate, continuously monitor, but otherwise get new people to the site and get the hours worked per-week up. That is how we improve margin.
Andrew W. Evans: We certainly are confident of our ability to attract more people to the site and therefore improve margin. We certainly are confident and this remains unchanged, of our ability to hit November. What we're about now is improving the margin to November and recall the on-site schedule is one where we're aiming at April.
Andrew W. Evans: So I think all good questions related to sales. Our retail sales growth year-to-date weather normalized is up about 1.1%. That's pretty broad based. If you look at residential, it's 0.8%, commercial is about 0.6% and industrial is up almost 2% year-to-date. If I look at weather in the year, about $0.05 of benefit occurred in the first half and about $0.03 of it occurred in this last quarter, it certainly was a very strong third quarter for generation. Customer usage is generally flat. That's maybe a little bit better than what we had initially anticipated. Efficiency will be a persistent trend and one that we certainly aren't here to buck, the efficiency of underlying equipment has improved materially from its original placement. And so we really will rely on in-migration into our state's good manufacturing and good industrial demand, and I think retail will plug right along but will be partially offset certainly by efficiency.
Andrew W. Evans: Yeah, I would say our margin of error in the net is probably in the tenths of a percent. We had a very abnormal January that was kind of outside of the normal distribution, we had one of the warmest Septembers, and we're really not making any hurricane adjustment. We still had really good consumption despite having a number of customers off. It was benefited by the fact that it was just a very short period of time and had excellent reconstruction effort throughout Florida and Georgia.
Andrew W. Evans: So, on equity ratios I think we are at target in the Georgia franchises, which is right at 55%. We've got a longer ramp into Alabama's capitalization and expect 55% by 2025 there. Your question was around use of proceeds. The entire backlog of equity requirement is there really to meet those equity needs and so we will fund as we generate.
Andrew W. Evans: Right. So I think we've got a reconciliation of it in the slides that we put out with the call. The total need has been reduced to $2.4 billion.
Andrew W. Evans: Absolutely. So page eight is the best place for you to go. And we can certainly follow up with you and IR, but even though the asset sale in Florida may represent over $6 billion, we are very cognizant of our credit quality and so that comes with an associated paydown of debt that will help us maintain our FFO to debt ratios and our debt to total capitalization.
Andrew W. Evans: The best owner is really strong internal concept and Northern States is the off-taker for Mankato. It makes a lot of sense for business simplification for both ourselves and for that company, and I think that's a very good reason why they are the best owner of that asset...
