Thomas A. Fanning: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. As always, we appreciate your interest in Southern Company. Each of our major business units had a great start to the year. Our state regulated electric and gas utilities as well as our other businesses are on track to deliver on their targets for 2018. As we've mentioned before, tax reform provides an enormous benefit to our customers and the economy. During the first part of this year, we received constructive regulatory results in several of our states including our two largest subsidiaries. Recall as a part of our tax reform strategy, we have been engaging with each of our state regulatory jurisdictions to provide meaningful rate benefits to customers while preserving the credit quality of each of our state regulated utilities. Thus far, tax reform has produced over $1.7 billion of benefits to our customers, and our regulators have demonstrated their steadfast support of preserving the credit quality of our utilities by accommodating higher equity ratios. As we continue working through our remaining jurisdictions we will keep you informed. Let's now turn to an update on Vogtle Units 3 and 4. With more than 6,000 workers on site, our focus remains on productivity and safe, efficient high quality construction. As of the end of March, total construction is slightly more than halfway complete. Significant progress continues in all phases of construction, with the setting of modules and equipment for Unit 3, setting up the reactor vessel for Unit 4, both commodity installation and major concrete placements across the project. In fact, several areas in the plant are already being transitioned from the construction team to the operations team. If you can see on the materials provided this morning, the team at the site continues to work toward an accelerated construction schedule ahead of the November 2021 and November 2022 in-service dates that were approved by the Georgia Public Service Commission. All critical path milestones are on track and our continued progress over the past several months is encouraging. To be clear, there is a lot of hard work ahead, particularly associated with confined areas like the reactor containment structure. So there's a long way to go, but we are cautiously optimistic that our work plan will remain ahead of the commission-approved schedule. In the coming months, we are focused on securing additional skilled craft labor, particularly electricians and pipefitters in anticipation of the increased productivity requirements in the critical areas of the project. As a final note on Vogtle 3 and 4, we are encouraged with the fuel load recently completed at Sanmen Unit 1 in China. Recall, Southern has had a number of personnel on site there and they look forward to learning more during the start of activity at these units. I will now turn the call over to Art for a financial and economic overview.
Thomas A. Fanning: Thanks, Art. Southern Company has started 2018 with strong momentum. All of our businesses are performing at a high level. Our Board of Directors recently approved an $0.08 per share increase in our common dividend to an annualized rate of $2.40 per share. This is our 17th consecutive annual increase. And for 70 years, dating back to 1948, Southern Company has paid a dividend that was equal to or greater than that of the previous year. The board's decision to increase the dividend speaks to the enduring strength of our business, which is underpinned by a firm foundation of premier state-regulated electric and gas utilities. Moreover, it supports our objective of providing superior risk adjusted total shareholder return to investors over the long term. We're also excited about the forthcoming changes to our management team. As announced two weeks ago effective June 1, Art is retiring and Drew Evans, currently Chairman, President and CEO of Southern Company Gas, will become the Chief Financial Officer of Southern Company. On a personal note, I want to thank Art not only for his 42 years of distinguished service to Southern Company, but also for his friendship. His sound fiscal discipline, strategic thinking and consummate professionalism have been invaluable to our company, as he has helped steer us through some incredible moments in our history. He will be sorely missed. At Southern Company, we are committed to cultivating the best leadership in our industry. This announcement underscores the fact that we continue to advance the thought leadership and experience that serves to support our objective to provide clean, safe, reliable and affordable energy with superior customer service. Operator, we'll now take the first question.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah that's part of it. We have lots of flexibility on how to think about the equity raise going forward, flexibility in terms of content and time.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. Basically the Alabama plan provides us a pathway in which to raise equity ratios over time. There's some flexibility around that depending upon a host of variables. So as we have the opportunity to raise the equity ratio, we will do that. And obviously, as we do that, that will have a bearing on the amount and timing in any given period.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, look, we have to execute and time will tell, but we're very confident we're going to be right on the money in doing what we need to do.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah and I bet people are dying to have us kind of lay out what the investor-friendly equity sources are. We'll certainly update you on the next earnings call. And if there's activity before then, we'll certainly bring it to everybody's attention, but it really kind of deals with our execution on all those sources.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, it's always better to get it behind you, I think. But the shape, just as we suggested on the last question from Michael, the amount and nature really depends on the execution on these regulatory plans. I must say, we've been very gratified with the response we've gotten out of our states in order to return benefits to customers and balance that with the preservation of financial integrity. We pretty much have execution in Gulf, in Georgia and in Alabama. We have plans in other subsidiaries, so we're working to do that. Our bias in all of this is to preserve our metrics and really restore the financial integrity that we had prior to tax reform. So if we had a bias, I guess it would be to get it done sooner rather than just leave it out there. And always, I think, there's always this notion of overhang in equity issuance. To the extent you eliminate overhang, that's a good thing too.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, those of you that have been in my one-on-ones, I do these artful audio-visual presentations. I do this chart to demonstrate, to illustrate what hard work is. A lot of this reactor vessel containment area is tight spaces, a lot of commodity work, a lot of people, and I'm just cautioning everybody. Yeah. The schedule looks fabulous so far. In fact, we are ahead of our April/November – (24:55) April 2021, 2022, we're ahead of our April schedule so far, but we cannot count on that. I'm just cautioning everybody that with this very tough work, I would expect you to see some erosion in that. But our ability to perform ahead of the regulatory schedule, November 2021 and 2022, I think it's pretty good. I think we feel confident about that.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. What's interesting about that cost chart is that we had – make the note, performance remains well within the thresholds of the approved estimate to complete. What we should note is that that cost chart is really tracking the kind of personnel efficiency, labor efficiency that is associated largely with the Bechtel work. That represents about 20% of the remaining cost in front of us. So, yeah, it looks like it's substantially above the cost target. We really want and are working very hard with the Bechtel people at all levels in the organization. And in fact, I probably have been meeting with, via telephone or in person or whatever, Brendan Bechtel. To my level, I know Paul Bowers, the CEO of Georgia Power; Steve Kuczynski, the guys on site. We are working in all levels within Bechtel to try and drive better performance on the cost index. And I think we see our way through to improving it somewhat. But you got to understand, everything we see right now shows that we will be within the cost thresholds that we've had approved at the Georgia Public Service Commission, even if we don't... (27:03)
Thomas A. Fanning: That is exactly right. It's only about 20% of the cost. The rest of the costs are pretty well known.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. It's simply a cost of capital compared to a time value of cash calculation. We wouldn't do it unless it was accretive.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, we don't want to talk about specifics, but clearly, I think when you look at our track record in the past, it is a portfolio of a variety of options. We'll consider any and all determined by what gives the best value to shareholders.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, I mean they'll be – the word you're looking for is hot. They'll be hot in four to six weeks. There is a lot of machinery that's spinning right now but hot in four to six weeks, if that's the question.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, I mean, it's really a kind of a what and a how. Right? I think the what would be, as we demonstrated in Georgia, to the extent we have the ability to invest equity, reduce leverage at the operating companies and earn on it effectively, certainly that gives rise to an accelerated timing relative to the $1.4 billion per year. And when you think about the knock-on effect, the parent company debt and a variety of other things, I think there are a variety of accretive things we can do that are associated with accelerating equity issuances. The other idea is not so much a what but a how. And that really goes to if we can demonstrate a shareholder-friendly approach to raising equity then, in fact, that takes this kind of overhang issue off the share price and also really speak to the bias of us getting our metrics fixed sooner rather than later.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. Ali, it's a very interesting question and, frankly, we've had a lot of debate even internally and even with the board and everything else. I'd, frankly, think almost all of what we have is core. Our business is low risk, infrastructure-driven, state-regulated integrated utilities, that's what it is. Even in – we've been that way forever in the electric side, when we did the gas side, and remember the underpinning of that strategy was safety-related pipeline replacement programs that provided a very low risk and attractive growth profile. I would argue all of that is core, okay. Pivotal wasn't core. Right? And so that was clear. And there's a few things around the edges that aren't particularly that business. But even so, we would consider the whole portfolio of opportunity if it made sense for shareholders. The ultimate test here is what can we do to benefit you all. And we'll evaluate every opportunity we have whether it's structural or financial.
Thomas A. Fanning: When we have something to say we will certainly say it. We just announced Pivotal. We just announced an idea we've discovered on the PTCs. Certainly, we have our earnings call in July. If we advance something, we'll certainly let you know in due haste.
Thomas A. Fanning: There's another interesting economic trend, the Fed has spoken about this. There was this announcement today, wasn't it, on AllianceBernstein, something like that, but folks moving out of high tax state and local areas into low tax state and local areas. Atlanta, I want to say, was the third fastest growing population of any of the MSAs in the United States. And when you think about kind of this potential megatrend, an unintended consequence of tax reform, we think the Southeast tends to benefit.
Thomas A. Fanning: I think Art is right. We give the guidance in the year end, so it'd be the February call now, and we update it once a year. We've done that for years and years and years, and we'll do that in October, I guess.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, we want to be both and we take it as a whole, right? Value is a function of risk and return. If we can buy off risk and at the same time packaged together with a variety of other things still be earnings accretive, that's a home run to us. With respect to Southern Power, recall we built that business with the idea that the long-term bilateral nature of that business as apart from merchant (41:18) with the low to no fuel risk, transmission risk, creditworthy counterparties is a structure that is intended to replicate kind of the risk-return profile of our integrated regulated utility business. So it a part of our core business. We've already contemplated through financial transactions selling off, for example, a third of the solar portfolio. We told you that we would consider selling an economic interest in the production tax credits with the wind, we already have. But that is part of our portfolio of assets and if there is a better combination for shareholders, we'll certainly consider it.
Thomas A. Fanning: You bet. Great stuff. I'm going to pull back on comments I made, I'll bet you, two years ago now. There's still is a lot of interest, because the unconventional gas, particularly Marcellus, that area, is different than the traditional gas, the deepwater or coastal Gulf Coast. There has been a number of projects that people are looking at. And I think I spoke about several options that we were presented with from other people. We obviously are a big consumer of gas on our own, even without Southern Company Gas. Southern Company was, I think, the third largest consumer of natural gas in the United States. You throw Southern Company Gas on there, I think we become the most important consumer of natural gas in the United States. And there continue to be interesting ideas of pipes, north to south, as well as pipes west to east. And in fact, our constructive arrangement with Kinder Morgan resulted in the Southern Natural Gas pipeline 50% interest. What we said then was that there may be other opportunities associated with that. And we have executed on, at least one of those, wasn't particularly big. But what we told you also was that as the acquisition of 50% of SONAT gives us optionality, we still think that optionality exists and we'll just be opportunistic in terms of how we exercise it. The opportunities are still out there. We still kick the tires. We still look. We still talk. And we have a guy over at Southern Company Gas, Pete Tumminello who runs a terrific shop, guy with him, Dat Tran, are very, very good gas pipeline people. And so we continue to actively survey the landscape.
Thomas A. Fanning: I'd rather not kind of deal in that realm. What I said before is, that we would be both credit and earnings accretive with any of these ideas. In terms of sizing, I think that is just an area I'd rather not get into at this point. We've already suggested that the shape of our effort here will be highly influenced by, on the regulatory front, the ability to invest equity in an effective way at our regulatory jurisdiction. Let's kind of leave it there for now.
Thomas A. Fanning: No, it's really just math, if you think about it, tax reform was just a wonderful thing, right? We were able – and we worked this on our own, we worked it through EEI. But look, we pounded the pavement up in Washington. It was really important for us to maintain interest deductibility, that would have visited (48:30) on our customers an almost immediate rate hike. Then you say, well, we did that. We got lower tax rate which are obviously an advantage, and the quid pro quo must have been that we lost cash flows associated with accelerated depreciation. The commission's I think, we have this very constructive relationship we have for decades down here. Gee whiz, when you think about it, we were able to take the benefits by lower tax rate and use them on one hand to give customer benefits now over $1.7 billion and, at the same time, reduce leverage, increase equity ratios to fix (49:16) back to a coverage ratio. So that has been the plan. Our regulators in the Southeast have always understood that good, healthy utilities are good ultimately for customers. Recall the old circle of life that I started back – gosh, now it's getting a long time – 15 years ago, when I was CFO, the idea that if we are able to deliver relentless value to customers in terms of reliability and price and service, that generates a tremendous amount of value in the economy. If we generate that value and therefore we earn the ability to have constructive regulation, that gives us an environment in which to invest capital and that gives us an environment in which to grow a good, healthy company. So I think our regulators get that model and I think we all understand that preserving that balance is good for everybody in the long run.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah and I'll just give a little more nuanced answer. There has been a change but it hasn't impacted us.
Thomas A. Fanning: Because I think when you look at scalable high-quality issuers like us, we're always going to cultivate a universe of investors that is quick and easy and sophisticated. We know how to do deals. We've done deals in the past. We have a relationship. We get these things done.
Thomas A. Fanning: Sure, sure. So there's been – if you look at the macro trend of population shift in America, for some years, because of economic growth reasons, there has been a shift away from the Northeast and the Midwest, particularly the Rust Belt, into higher growth areas like the Southeast, the desert Southwest, things like that. When you look at the tax code where now you're limited on your ability to deduct state and local taxes, one of the things that now we're starting to see is that people are willing to migrate away from high tax areas, which have high state and local taxes, into low state and local tax areas. And you know what, it was funny, 100 years ago when I was CEO of Gulf Power, I was on Jeb Bush's transition team. And my assignment there were two of his planks, one was education and one was economic development. And one of the theories about at least Florida that we used with Governor Bush at the time was the idea that physical location in this digital age increasingly didn't matter. And so I think you're going to find people that are much more willing to go to places that are nice places to live, that have reasonable human-like commutes, that have affordable housing, that have good education, that have constructive business regulatory and legal environments. Now we have a tax code reason for people to move to those areas. Those are kind of the megatrends I was pointing out.
Thomas A. Fanning: And just as a matter of governance and process, there's always needs for capital contributions to the subs over time, and certainly that would include all of our subs.
Thomas A. Fanning: So there will be other incremental equity down there in the future, but this speaks to the lion's share...
Thomas A. Fanning: You got to be careful using gross numbers like on Pivotal, because you always want to first retire the net committed capital associated with each of these companies so that you preserve your earnings profile. And then, to the extent the price is above, that is accretive, and also gives you the notion of net equity proceeds that you could then use to reduce leverage. Yeah. And I know, rightfully so, we gave you the example of the tax equity associated with the wind PTCs, that's one of a portfolio of options we're looking at.
Arthur P. Beattie: Yeah. Greg, we've already advanced to Georgia Power, I think it's $900 million of equity. We've taken that in the form of short-term debt until the time we're at a point where we can replace that with equity.
Arthur P. Beattie: Georgia, certainly, as I mentioned on Greg's answer, we've already advanced some equity to Georgia Power in the form of debt at the parent temporarily. Alabama's does not start – their process does not even start until 2019. So theirs is an achievement of an equity ratio over time.
Arthur P. Beattie: Well, again, it's going to be to the degree we can earn on the equity in the subsidiaries and the more postponed that is, we may have to take down parent debt sooner in order to achieve the targets that we have established. So we will get there one way or the other. We would rather do it in the least dilutive way possible.
Arthur P. Beattie: Well, when we model these kind of things, we certainly do it against our current plan, and to the degree you're giving up the tax equity, which for us is really delayed, and then look at other potential buyers who can use it sooner than we can, we think there's value there.
Arthur P. Beattie: Yeah, I think they're going to do some preliminary warm up. But when they start testing with actual fuel load, I believe that's scheduled for another – be a month or so.
Arthur P. Beattie: That's where it goes. Don't forget, we've got to address the metric issue and we can't wait forever to do that in order to maintain the ratings that we're seeking to maintain. So there's a lot of balancing around all these issues.
Arthur P. Beattie: To my knowledge, very small amounts of maybe option exercises, but that's it, as far as equity in the first quarter. And as we've said in the past, we've got a toolbox that we can access and block is only one of the issues, we've got a lot of other options, so we're not going to get specific beyond that.
Arthur P. Beattie: Yeah, Ali, a little bit of that was better sales than what we expected on a weather-normal basis. So I think you've seen our numbers. Retail sales were on a weather-normal basis, up 1.6%. Our industrial sales were up 2.6%. So our forecast was pretty flattish around weather-normal load growth a year. (37:24) So we picked up some there. But the other side of that is O&M, and O&M was really underspent throughout our business enterprises, which really goes again towards our modernization initiative to invest capital and replace it with lower nonfuel O&M. Certainly, there'll be some timing differences that will be part of that, but again, this is the effort upon which we've launched ourself.
Arthur P. Beattie: Well, we don't really comment on guidance until after the third quarter. Yeah, we've had a good quarter, but again, it was better growth than what we expected, but our weather-normal models aren't perfect either. So we always have preached that. It's more of an art, no pun intended, than science. But our range contemplates all different kinds of scenarios and we'll just see where the rest of the year goes.
Arthur P. Beattie: Well, again, I think we outlined in our last call, we're trying – if you exclude Vogtle, we're trying to get it back to a 16% to a 16.5% FFO to debt ratio. The timelines around that, we've communicated with the agencies about our plans and so they are aware of all the things that we are looking at, but we need to make progress on that at some point in time. I think you asked earlier about front loading the equity in the OpCo, that's certainly true with Georgia, but you'll notice that it's not upfront so much in Alabama. It starts in 2019 and stretches out over a number of years. So I want to make sure and be clear that it's different in every operating company.
Arthur P. Beattie: Yeah, I think there was talk during all of the passing of the bill that there was going to be a pinching of the market, that they're going to be penalized, so to speak, but I think all that was fixed. And to my knowledge, Paul, I believe the accessibility, and we got the same players in the marketplace that we'll deal with if we choose to go down that road.
Arthur P. Beattie: Well, we've already put it down there as equity, that we will replace it at the Southern level in some form or fashion.
Arthur P. Beattie: Well, it has certainly been my pleasure to represent Southern Company in front of all you guys on the Street. It's been a rewarding experience for me. But I have to tell you as much fun as that's been, it pales in comparison to watching my grandson play baseball. So I hope you're not offended by that, but that's the truth. But thank you very much for all your courtesies and your help over these past eight years.
Jonathan Arnold: You, obviously, had a slide that showed this $1.4 billion a year and now you're sort of talking about it more as $7 billion over the five years. I mean do you guys consider investor-friendliness to be getting it behind you, or doing it – or pushing it out? I mean that's I guess the philosophical question in part.
Jonathan Arnold: Okay. Thank you, Tom. And then just on Vogtle, I think in your comments you said that you were kind of cautioning that there's a lot of heavy work in front of you, but that you're cautiously optimistic you would remain ahead of the approved schedule.
Jonathan Arnold: You're currently – quite a decent bit ahead of that schedule. So are you signaling that you think you'll narrow the gap a bit here or do you think you'll stay...
Jonathan Arnold: That's great. Thank you. And just on the cost side, can you give us a sense of just your confidence – you're obviously tracking above at the moment, but...
