Christopher Womack: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us for what is such an exciting time for our company. Monday, we announced that Plant Vogtle Unit 4 successfully achieved commercial operation. Units 3 and 4 now deliver more than 2,200 megawatts of reliable 24/7 carbon-free energy and are designed to do so for decades to come. With all 4 units operational, the Vogtle site is now the largest generator of clean energy in the country. I cannot be prouder of our team's press severance and commitment to getting Vogtle Units 3 and 4 completed with the standard of quality clearly demonstrated by Unit 3's performance since it reached in service last July. Along with our own team, success on this historic project required the hard work and dedication of tens of thousands of American craft workers and engineers, a committed group of co-owners and regulators who had the courage to support new nuclear when others did not. While it was not our mission when we embarked on this project and while it was at times an arduous journey. We have proven that new nuclear is achievable in the United States. With ever-increasing demands for carbon-free energy and the burgeoning demand for reliable 24/7 Energy to support our digital economy and society, we believe our country will need more nuclear energy. So the importance of this project for Georgia and our nation cannot be understated. This is what making history looks like. These are the first new nuclear units built from the ground up here in the United States in over 30 years. And we are proud to be the company that saw it through. Dan I'll now turn the call over to you for a financial update. 
Christopher Womack: Before taking your questions this afternoon, I'd like to first take a moment to reinforce that as we serve these growing energy needs, we also remain focused on achieving our long-term greenhouse gas reduction goals, including net 0 greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. Working closely with each of our states, and with an unrelenting focus on safely and reliably serving our customers' needs, we continue to make responsible economic resource decisions over the long term. For example, over 80% of the resources additions plan across our system totaling nearly 10,000 megawatts from 2023 to 2030 are 0 carbon emitting resources. We have accomplished some wonderful things in recent weeks, and we are even more excited about our future. We have seven quality state-regulated utilities with long track records of outstanding operational and financial performance that deliver over 90% of our earnings, along with a few quality complementary businesses, we believe we have the ideal portfolio to support our long-term objectives. Southern Company's value proposition has never been more attractive. Our team has never been stronger, and we are positioned as well as we ever have been. As I said earlier, we have the people, the experience and the scale for sustained long-term success. Thank you, as always, for your interest in Southern Company. Robert, we're now ready to take questions. 
Christopher Womack: And Steve, the only thing I'd add is we talked to you before about not just about raising growth rates, but it's about the durability and the length, how we extend the runway is something that we are keenly focused on as we've talked to you many times about. And I think that's clearly an opportunity that we are afforded by this added growth. 
Christopher Womack: Steve, the only thing I'd add, I mean, one of the things that we talked about in our prepared remarks, we've talked to you more about how do we use this opportunity to make sure we put downward pressure on rates across our customer classes and making sure that we price this new load in the right way. And I think we've demonstrated our ability to do that and having the resources and tools to do that going forward. So it provides us additional excitement for us as we go forward. 
Christopher Womack: Yes, the consumer advocacy group inside the commission, that bill was not passed by the legislature. The legislature did pass a bill that provided what I think is some certainty around the election cycle going forward for the commissioners. There was some confusion chaos and time and schedule got a little short because of the court cases. And so as a result, the legislature didn't pass a bill that laid out the order and schedule of elections for commissioners between '25 and '28. And so the thing about that, that I think is very instructive is that the current commission in Georgia will be the commission that will sit to review Georgia Power's '25 IRP as well as Georgia '25 rate case. So there is order and schedule for the commission for the next 2 to 3 years -- out to '28. 
Christopher Womack: So I'd say we're having a lot of conversations that covering all of those options and all those considerations. I mean, I think as you talk to these hyperscalers data centers, one, they want the power. They want resilience. They want the reliability. Some of them want clean, and they recognize the demand that they're putting on load in certain locations. And so their considerations do they self generate, do they want support from behind the meter. So I think you go across the continuum of options reflects kind of the conversations that we are having with them, one, to understand what their needs are, but also to help them understand our business and how we provide service and how we operate as a company. Yes, I mean, we're trying to -- want to serve them as customers. But I think we're also in a period where there's just a lot of instruction and education that's occurring in the marketplace today. And so the thing about our company is with all the complementary subsidiaries that we have in this portfolio, we have the opportunity to support them and help them in multiple different ways. So I think that's another aspect of our portfolio. That's pretty exciting as we look at this demand and what's happening in the marketplace today and that we have resources and capabilities to serve them and support them in a number of different ways. 
Christopher Womack: I don't think there's anything embedded in the plan. I think we -- it's about announcements and that we see forthcoming. We know I think there was an announcement today in Alabama of a 200-megawatt facility that Meta just announced. And then you saw also some legislation in Mississippi that was providing incentives for data centers and other hyperscalers to come into Mississippi. So we see it coming, but that activity -- those projects have not assumed are not included in the forecast as we talk about it today. 
Christopher Womack: Yes. I mean I think that I mean, it passed and now sitting on the governor's desk and so waiting to see what happens there. I think one of the things the government wants to do is let economic development activities know that Georgia is still open for business. And so I think that's one of the key factors in consideration that he will pay attention to as he makes a decision on that bill. But right now, I don't know what will happen, but it's there for him to take action on. And so we're waiting just like everybody else to see what happens. 
Christopher Womack: I think that's a lot to come. And I'd add one more factor there. It's the new EPA rules, and we saw the suite of announcements that came out of EPA last week, which we are reviewing. And many of the rules we think are in practical in terms of aligning with the kind of demand that we see forthcoming, and also from a technology standpoint, some expectations that they are advocating and putting forward don't align necessarily with the reality. So there's a lot of -- I think a lot of issues that are up in the air. At the state level, I think as we look at how we respond to the demand, how we respond to this need, all those considerations must be on the table in terms of new generation, what happens to existing generation. Those all get extended, what happens there? All of that has to be on the table, but we also have to factor in what are the potential new rules from the [indiscernible] Protection Agency. So I would say all of that is very subject to for the consideration as we move forward through all the processes that we'll be a part of. 
Christopher Womack: Geologically, yes. I mean there are places down on the coast. The mobile area, some parts of Mississippi, where we have the geology for sequestration. But once again, I think as you look at what is somewhat predicated in some of these roles and the expectations and what the desires are -- is the technology available at a commercial scale to do what they're asking us to do. I think there are a lot of questions there. So I think it's -- I go back to these rules, I think they are in practical at this time. And so I think there's more work to be done and more conversations to be had about how they should go forward. But we're still doing the analysis because it's a lot of pages, a lot of work, and then we've got to decide what we do going forward in terms of litigation and whether it's with our stage, whether it's with the other different associations. So there's a lot of work to be done there, a lot more conversations to be had. 
Christopher Womack: I mean I can give you my speech if you'd like to hear it. I mean the country is going to need more nuclear. I mean there's clearly no technology better suited to support demands of this increasingly digital economy and society. And so I think the federal government has got to step in and provide great leadership to incent companies to move in that direction. I'd also say we're going to celebrate what we've done at Vogtle for a very long time before we give any consideration to any more. But we think others, they have the opportunity and should really look at this country has to look at new nuclear to go forward to meet this growing demand. 
Christopher Womack: Angie, I think it is what it is. I mean it was intended to move around the partners and participants of excess capacity. And so that's what it has been doing, I think, has been very successful, but I don't think it signals anything more than that. I mean that simply is it's doing what we intended to do with all the participants. And so we'll continue to utilize that. Now how does it factor into the additional growth? I mean we'll step back and look at it. But it doesn't signal anything more than what we intended to be when we made all the filings and got all the approval. 
Christopher Womack: And Paul, I think it's hard to answer that question, but I would think not, but also I think you have to look at the competitive nature of economic development across states. And where does it put Georgia and then what signal does it send. But also, I think it's about -- it's a big question about resilience and the ability to meet the demands of these customers and not just reliably, but providing them the resilience they expect and the demand. But I think it's I think just a straight answer to your question, I think it's probably not, but I think at the same time, it's a competitive nature of economic development by states that I think you have to say what have to evaluate very closely. 
Christopher Womack: And Paul, that's like we're evaluating those rules as we speak today. And I mean I think there's a lot we've kind of gotten to very quickly on the gas side in terms of capacity factors and the expectations for carbon capture. I mean I think there's more work for us to do in terms of the coal implications. But at first blush, like I said, I think they're in practical and probably yet would make it more difficult to run coal units as well any longer. 
Christopher Womack: I think we said before, Georgia has an RFP in 2025. And so they'll factor in new requests, new demands, new load doing that proceeding. Alabama and Mississippi will do make similar decisions in their processes based on the demands and requests that they receive as well. 
Christopher Womack: Because it goes back to some of the points we laid out in the prepared remarks. Is this load real? And so I think that quarterly update helps give the commission and the staff the information they need to give confirmation of the reality of this load. 
Christopher Womack: I mean early on, we saw a lot of requests for 24/7 carbon-free of late. We see the request for do you have power. And like I said, we continue to build additional carbon-free resources. And so we'll continue to work with them. But right now, I think there is just a simple desire and request for resources for energy. 
Christopher Womack: And I'll also add, there's got to be some additional build-out of gas infrastructure as well. I mean, so there's a lot more infrastructure that's got to be built to support the generation resources to meet this demand. 
Christopher Womack: I think it's -- let me call by saying this. Understandably, I mean, Vogtle 3 and 4, the journey that we've been through, took a lot of attention from our stakeholders and have met fewer conversations focused on our underlying business and the success of our underlying business. The fact is all along, we continue to execute at a very high level across our portfolio and delivered strong results. Reliability and customer service were outstanding. Investments in critical financial structure we made in every jurisdiction. We successfully navigated our regulatory processes and received constructive outcomes. Now as we look ahead in what's next, it's this, a continued unrelenting focus on the fundamentals with customers at the center of everything that we do. Serving the growing load we're experiencing is what we were built for and our model is designed to turn that growth into value for all stakeholders, customers and investors alike. That is what the employees of Southern companies do. It might sound boring to some, but it's exciting for us. Thank you for spending time with us today. And operator, that's the end of this call. Thank you very much. 
Daniel Tucker: Thanks, Chris, and good afternoon, everyone. For the first quarter of 2024, our adjusted EPS was $1.03 per share $0.24 higher than the first quarter of 2023 and $0.13 above our estimate. The primary drivers of our performance for the quarter compared to last year were investments in our state-regulated utilities and weather that was less mild for our electric utilities than in the first quarter of 2023. This is somewhat offset by higher interest expense and depreciation. A complete reconciliation of our year-over-year earnings is included in the materials we released this morning. All our businesses experienced a strong start for 2024, driving our results meaningfully higher than our estimate of $0.90 per share. While there were several factors for this performance versus our estimate, one worth highlighting is the higher than expected weather-adjusted electricity sales in our commercial customer class. This was driven by a combination of our strong local economies as well as increased usage by many of our existing data center customers. Sales to data centers were up over 12% for the quarter compared to last year. Overall, weather-normal retail electric sales to all classes were 1.7% higher than the first quarter of 2023. Industrial sales are beginning to show signs of recovery following a soft 2023 with year-to-date increases led by the lumber and paper industries. The Southeast regional labor supply remains above pre-pandemic levels. Employment growth is strong and unemployment is low, averaging approximately 3% across our regulated electric jurisdictions. A favorable business climate and increased expansion of manufacturing is attracting new households to the Southeast, driving continued net in-migration and customer growth. Before turning the call back over to Chris, I'd like to highlight our most recent dividend increase. Last week, the Southern Company Board of Directors approved an $0.08 per share increase in our annual common dividend raising the annualized rate to $2.88 per share. This action marks the 23rd consecutive increase, and this will now be 77 consecutive years dating all the way back to 1948, that Southern Company has paid a dividend that is equal to or greater than the previous year. This remarkable track record remains an important part of Southern Company's value proposition. In one quick note, our adjusted EPS estimate for the second quarter is $0.90 per share. Chris, I'll turn the call back over to you. 
Daniel Tucker: Chris. So how do we know the load in our forecast is real? The short answer is that we've already incorporated risk adjustments to the forecast. One could argue it's a conservative view. We would say our forecasts are informed by our experience and by our continuous engagement with prospective new and existing customers. We've included a visual representation of our process in the slide deck. Typically, our forecast appropriately represents only a portion of the full potential load we might ultimately serve. If a customer has not formally communicated state-specific project details with our company, they're not included in the forecast. If they have a choice of utility provider within the state that they have chosen, which is the case in each of our states, they are either not included or only included at a reduced probability weighted level. Importantly, even once a customer has committed to one of our utilities, we further risk adjust the forecast based on the likelihood of delays on the customer side, whether those are construction delays or delays in ramping up production. And lastly, we further risk adjust the forecast based on the history of announced loads being higher than actual customer loads. Lower actual customer loads often result from technology improvements, economic conditions or other factors. All of that to say, we believe our forecast is the best representation of expected future demand. And with the potential for additional new customers to choose our states and utilities, there is potential for our forecast to be higher down the road. Next, I'll discuss pricing. When it comes to knowing that we're pricing this load appropriately with a view towards protecting existing customers, several of the factors Chris mentioned a moment ago are key. We use our experience and robust tools to ascertain the expected marginal cost to serve each new customer and incorporate that into our flexible pricing mechanisms. We priced the load in a manner that helps ensure the marginal cost will be borne by the new customer. Sometimes, as is the case with Georgia Power's recent growth, we're able to provide new large load customers with competitive market pricing that also provides meaningful benefits back to existing customers. These benefits are not only driven by carefully constructed market pricing. They're also a the function of a robust, long-term integrated resource planning process and Georgia Power's ability to use existing resources to serve a large portion of the new demand while only needing to incrementally invest to meet higher peak demands. The stipulation the Georgia PSC recently approved includes a commitment by Georgia Power for these customer benefits to be incorporated into the 2025 rate case. Our approach to pricing has never been more important given the current macroeconomic backdrop. Affordability is a key tenet of our customer-centric business model, and we work hard to ensure new customer demands don't place additional burdens on those less able to afford it. Lastly, the risk question, what protections are in place for our forecasted load does not materialize? I've already described how we've risk adjusted the forecast itself, the other major risk mitigations pertain to local infrastructure improvements and our portfolio of supply resources. These new large load customers often require significant local distribution system improvements, and these improvements often provide limited incremental benefit to other customers. As a result, we require most new large load customers to pay for these improvements upfront, helping ensure other customers are protected. When it comes to supply resources, the risk mitigation comes in the form of the diversity of our resources. Purchased resources or PPAs, can expire without being renewed. Older owned resources which might require additional investments or higher maintenance O&M spend to remain available over the long term can be retired earlier. Decisions and risk strategies like these are a key aspect of the multiyear integrated resource planning processes in each of our states. With robust long-term planning comes optionality in future decision-making. Said differently, planning for 20 years of resource needs every 3 years helps ensure that customers benefit from a flexible resource plan that is equally focused on reliability and affordability. Chris, I'll turn the call back over to you to wrap up our prepared remarks. 
Daniel Tucker: Yes, absolutely. So just big as a bread box. So it's roughly -- if you think about our total sales, kind of the average price, you're talking about $40 million for a 1% change in our overall sales. Now for the vast majority of what's showing up here, whether it's data centers, some of these other large load industrial customers, it may skew slightly below that. So really it's somewhere in the range of $20 million to $40 million for 1% change in sales. 
Daniel Tucker: So there will be some additions based on the approval, Carly, and that largely pertains to the additional storage resources, the battery energy storage system. So if you recall what we included was two very specific projects in our outlook, but the commission actually approved 500 megawatts of owned storage, which is a little more than double what we had assumed. And so total dollars is going to -- I'm going to give you a big range. And I'm going to throw in here if you didn't see, we also announced an expansion of one of our solar projects in Southern Power. So that also was not included in our forecast back in February. So all told you're somewhere above $500 million, a little south of $1 billion, probably and what we'll do, we don't want to get too far ahead of the regulatory processes. There's specific certification processes to go through. So we'll let all that play out and then update our forecast more formally later on. 
Daniel Tucker: Yes. Look, I think it's fair to characterize that everything that is occurring and particularly if the momentum continues and what we're seeing, I would characterize that as adding an upward bias to where we are from an earnings perspective. And you kind of said it, Steve, and we certainly saw your commentary and your note yesterday. We are a big company. We are issuing equity. But even with all of that, these incremental investments should have an accretive effect. But I think it's just too soon to say exactly what that means, but an upward bias, absolutely exists, particularly if this momentum continues. Now does that mean change in growth rate? Probably not. Does it mean maybe that growth rate is off of some higher number later down the road? Probably so. 
Daniel Tucker: And then the only thing I'd add is also the thing that we are really gratified to see as part of this whole dynamic is a derisking of our outlook. Because of these customer benefits the affordability equation is greatly improved, and that's a good thing for the long-term sustainability of our business. 
Daniel Tucker: Yes, Steve. I think that's what we tried to capture a little bit in what we laid out in the Slide 11 in our deck. It's we're not counting on those that could potentially still be trying to put multiple states or utilities on the hook, really until we have pretty firm line of sight and that bilateral conversation and commitment between them and our utilities, it's really not solidly in there. There may be some degree of risk adjusted or kind of a probability-weighted aspect just because there's so much activity out there. But we feel pretty good about -- I got I hate to use the word, but it's -- I think our forecast is fairly conservative in that regard. 
Daniel Tucker: Yes. So importantly, Shahr, the way I characterize that is that if we continue to see this momentum, right? So it's certainly not the cards we have today. The cards we have today have greatly improved our overall profile. It's added that durability. It's massively derisked kind of the outlook. But it's going to take continued momentum on this front more investment, more sales growth over the long term. And then just in the disciplined way we do -- we're not going to make updates like that kind of intra year, right? I mean to the extent there's an update to be provided, it's going to be in our fourth quarter call, and it's going to have to be with a pretty -- as big a company as we are, a pretty significant needle-moving event within the profile. 
Daniel Tucker: Yes, absolutely, Nick. That profile we described in the fourth quarter that kind of ramps from that 14% last year up to 17% in the back half of the plan, it's absolutely still the profile to watch as this incremental capital opportunity emerges. What we'll do is issue sufficient equity probably through something like an ATM and through our plans to kind of restore the metrics to where they would have otherwise been without that incremental CapEx. And again, kind of going back to Steve's question, yes, even doing that, this incremental CapEx will have an accretive effect. 
Daniel Tucker: So it's about 3/4 existing data centers and then a little bit the other quarter kind of coming from new data centers year-over-year. So we're seeing both. We're seeing a continued ramp-up of new facilities, existing facilities ramping up their usage. 
Daniel Tucker: Yes, Anthony, this is Dan. Look, I think largely, any commentary you heard was simply focused on affordability and ensuring that the benefits that Georgia Power said we're there, end up reflected in customer rates. And that's exactly what the stipulation does is provide that commitment so that when we file the 2025 rate case, one of those moving parts is going to include incorporating those economic benefits for all customers into that calculation. 
Daniel Tucker: Yes. And really just to create a more nimble market for those intermittent resources to make sure that customers, wherever it's needed benefit from that very, very low-cost energy. 
Daniel Tucker: Yes. Look, so I'll start with the second question first. Look, Southern Power is always going to evaluate opportunities to serve load-serving entities, right? And so to the extent those opportunities present themselves in any of our jurisdictions where it makes sense, we'll evaluate that. And you've seen that happen in the past, particularly in Georgia. On the first question in terms of the kind of the portfolio, yes, look, it's very highly covered the next 5 years. And -- but if you think about 5 years out, that's the end of the decade, that's when other resource needs begin to emerge. That's when you start seeing utilities around the Southeast, begin to consider the -- how long with their assets be on the ground. So I think once you start looking towards the end of the decade and into the 30s, Southern Power will have a lot of opportunity to take advantage of what we're seeing today. 
Daniel Tucker: I don't know that we have the specific construction updates, Ryan, but I will tell you just in general, this is -- I mean, think of it as a continuous kind of waterfall, right? I mean there are always data centers coming in and exploring and then committing. And so it's just -- it's an ongoing thing. So we've got -- right now, there's 12 under construction that totaled about 2,400 megawatts. 
Daniel Tucker: And coming out of this last process, Ryan, there was a part of the stipulation is that Georgia will kind of keep the staff and commission updated a little more -- it's not real time, but on a quarterly basis, kind of leading up to the next formal process that way everyone kind of has line of sight as to what is emerging. 
Daniel Tucker: And we're very transparent about our own transition plans. And I think that is an opportunity for them to kind of latch on to transitioning along with us. 
Daniel Tucker: Yes. And so if you remember, Travis, part of our year-end update on the capital plan, I mean, it totaled $5 billion of increased capital. There was a big piece of that, that was also transmission, and that will continue to be part of the long-term planning discussions we have with our states. Absolutely, as we add new resources, transmission considerations have to take place absolutely as our fleet transitions from its current state to its future state, transmission considerations are part of that. So they will clearly be transmission opportunities along the way here. 
Daniel Tucker: We don't want to get too far ahead of exactly what it will look like in terms of if there's suddenly this accelerated load. But so the next scheduled processes. We got Mississippi, we'll launch a process and -- or they launched the process in April rather they're going through that now and Alabama will have one next spring 2025. 
