Arthur P. Beattie: Thanks, Tom. As you can see from the materials we released this morning, we had solid results for the second quarter of 2015, reporting earnings of $629 million, or $0.69 a share, compared with earnings of $611 million, or $0.68 a share, in the second quarter of 2014. For the six months ended June 30, 2015, earnings were $1.14 billion, or $1.25 a share, compared with earnings of $962 million, or $1.08 a share, for the same period in 2014. Earnings for the three and six months ended June 30, 2015, include after-tax charges of $14 million and $20 million, respectively, related to increased construction estimates for Mississippi Power's Kemper County integrated gasification combined cycle project. Earnings for the six months ended June 30, 2014, include after-tax charges of $235 million, or $0.26 a share, related to the Kemper County IGCC project. Earnings for the three and six months ended June 30, 2015 also include a $4 million after-tax charge related to discontinued operations of Mirant and the March 2009 settlement agreement with MC Asset Recovery. Excluding these charges, Southern Company earned $647 million, or $0.71 a share, during the second quarter of 2015, compared with $611 million, or $0.68 per share, during the second quarter of 2014, an increase of $0.03 per share. For the first six months of 2015, excluding these charges, Southern Company earned $1.16 billion, or $1.28 per share, compared with earnings of $1.20 billion, or $1.34 a share, for the same period in 2014, a decrease of $0.06 a share. Earnings for the second quarter of 2015 were positively influenced by retail revenue effects at Southern Company's traditional operating companies, warmer weather and a stronger than expected performance from our Southern Power subsidiary. Earnings were negatively influenced by increased non-fuel O&M expenses. Moving on to an economic and sales review for the second quarter, as Tom just mentioned, we experienced weather normal growth in all three customer classes; residential, commercial, and industrial, in consecutive quarters for the first time since 2004. We are particularly encouraged by growth in the residential class, which saw weather normal sales increase 1.2% in the second quarter, largely a result of customer growth. We've added nearly 22,000 new residential customers through June of this year, which compares to just over 13,000 customers added during the same period in 2014, an increase of nearly 60% over last year and our 2015 forecast. Residential growth is shifting from absorption of vacant properties to new construction as 85% of our customer gains are from new connects. While not yet back to prerecession levels, new connects are 14% ahead of 2014, which further indicates a strengthening housing market and healthy migration into our service region. Between 2013 and 2014, Atlanta was ranked number four among U.S. cities with the highest net migration. Our commercial markets are continuing to show strength as well, with a second quarterly increase in weather adjusted sales of 0.7%. This growth is supported by strong non-manufacturing employment growth. Atlanta experienced the second fastest rate of job growth of the 12 largest metro areas in the U.S., and its office vacancy rate is at the lowest level since 2008. Earlier this month, we re-engaged with our Economic Roundtable, a group consisting of regional economists and executives from several of our largest customers that meets twice a year. The panelists expect GDP growth of approximately 2.5% for 2015. They also noted an improvement in the national housing market, which further supports what we are experiencing with migration to our region as homeowners are better able to sell their existing homes and relocate to higher growth job markets. Finally, our earnings estimate for the third quarter is $1.16 per share. I'll turn the call back over to Tom for his closing remarks.
Arthur P. Beattie: Greg, this is Art. Yes, it does. We have adjusted some of the operating company needs out of 2015 and reduced those, and then Southern Power has been on a small bit of adjustment as well, offset by some increases in the holding company level. But all-in-all...
Arthur P. Beattie: Yeah, sure. So, the simple answer is that we have a plan in place that amounts to about an 18% increase permanently for assets and service, including some amortizations of some regulatory assets. So, that amounts to 18%. We won't be able to have those rates put into place by the Commission until the process is complete, which we think now might be, who knows, November, something like that. So, the interim rates, we would expect to be put into place on or around August 6. That would permit us to basically keep the rate structures in place that have been in place minus the refunds. So, that's really the process. Number one, the interim rates equal to what we believe is the right kind of rates associated with assets and service. We think that'll be complete at the end of this year, November. And then, we will have the rest of the assets either ruled on by the end of the year, we don't know the answer to this, or conceivably pushed into 2016. That's associated with what we believe will be about a 10% looking number, 6% associated with securitization bonds, 4% associated with the other assets. In terms of the refund plan, our preference is to have a default that would be a bill credit. The customers could elect to take a check. All that would be complete within 90 days.
Arthur P. Beattie: Well, again, it was renewing some bank loans that were already outstanding and we added a little bit to it at the same time.
Arthur P. Beattie: Again, these are to serve as a bridge until we get some clarity on regulatory issues or to the point where we can issue securitization bonds and take that debt out.
Arthur P. Beattie: So, we're trying to do it as best we can. And again, the banks are worried about security as well. So, it's not just the public markets.
Arthur P. Beattie: Yeah. These are remaining amounts, and a lot of that is to cover the cash needs at all of our Southern subs for the capital that we might be providing to them. And it also covers some of the Mississippi Power needs related to the refund and it will be provided in the form of an intercompany loan.
Arthur P. Beattie: That is our current plan. We continue to manage our portfolio over the long-term. Things change, but Southern Power, if they keep executing on their plan to the upper limits, there could be additional needs in that regard. But it depends on where we are with cash and where we see the future CapEx going for the entire business.
Arthur P. Beattie: Well, it's kind of difficult to do that when you've got issues like Southern Power trying to execute on plans and you don't really have a good idea. But, what we're thinking about from a rating agency perspective is basically getting to a point where we can use, we can reduce the business risk, excuse me – increased financial risk because business risk will be reduced as we move out of these construction projects.
Arthur P. Beattie: Yeah, Ali, this is Art. It still is. We don't adjust our targets that we put into our initial plans. But again, the momentum that we're seeing is beginning to approach what we've set out. We're certainly not there, but it was kind of forecast that way as well.
Arthur P. Beattie: Yeah, we're exactly what you said, we're right on target, even though year-over-year it looks like we're spending more money. And it is, a lot of that is driven by a couple of things. We've had more outages at our larger operating companies this year, last year as a comparison...
Arthur P. Beattie: And planned outages from a – into the tune of maybe $0.03 year-over-year. There is regulatory deferrals in Alabama in 2014 that you don't have in 2015, and that's about another $0.03. And then for other changes that we're seeing it's about another $0.06, so we're right in target. That deferral I mentioned at Alabama will reverse itself at year-end. So, when you get to year-end, we should be right on target with what we talked about at 3%, at 3.5% growth in non-fuel O&M.
Arthur P. Beattie: Dan, it really is a function of cash flows within the operating companies, how they change, what their needs might be, whether they can push an issuance out of one year into the next. Again, we try to balance from a Southern Company perspective, who's going to market, when they go to market, so that we don't all go at the same time. So, we're just trying to balance out as we move through time how we tap the markets in the most efficient way.
Arthur P. Beattie: Well, the near term, you hit it, would be to set the CA01 in Unit 3. There are some other things going on there, the transmission work that we mentioned, I believe, in the script. That ops building, as Tom mentioned as well, is very, very important to us. The one other thing that's really not mentioned here, which is really down on the horizon part of Unit 3, it's the installation of the turbine generator, which I believe is late this year, early next, I believe.
Arthur P. Beattie: Which is a big deal. And that turbine building has probably another 60 feet of steel to go on top once that turbine deck's built. So, if you look at the pictures we put in the slide deck, it's beginning to look like what it's going to look like at the end of the day. And that's exciting for us.
Arthur P. Beattie: Yeah. And the other thing that I guess I come away with when I go out there and kick the tires on the side, listen to the people building it, we're actually feeling pretty good about the schedule on Unit 2. There's a lot of element – I'm sorry, Unit 4. There's a lot of elements on Unit 4 that relative to Unit T3 are accelerated. That's good for the project.
Thomas A. Fanning: Thank you, Art. Here at the midpoint of 2015, we continue to see a franchise business that is operating at a high level, and we see important progress on major capital projects. We also see a strengthening economy and a region poised for continued growth. Finally, Southern Power is on track to exceed its original financial targets. In short, we believe Southern Company is well-positioned for continued success in 2015 and beyond, behind the strength of our 26,000 employees and their commitment to our customer-focused business model. We're now ready to take your questions. Operator, we'll now take the first question.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. No. Greg, we're going to keep doing what we've been doing for – gosh, I know this was ever since I was CFO, so this is over 10 years ago now. So, we provide initial guidance in January and then we always update kind of in October, once we get past the summer months. We'll just keep with that practice.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes. It's a combination of all that plus as you look into 2016, we pushed some out of 2015 into 2016, but if you net them all, it's a slight bit of an increase, not great.
Thomas A. Fanning: We think that the 18% that we are seeking both in interim and permanent would be with this Commission. There are two paths that could happen on the remaining 10% or so. Remember, 6% of those 10% relate to securitization bonds, which does not involve any ROE to Mississippi Power. The only remaining kind of return elements to Mississippi Power is 4%. Now that could either happen this year based on a current filing or a new filing we might make, or it could be pushed into 2010, we'll just see. I mean, 2016. We'll just see where that goes. We believe that so far the plant, knock on wood, has been going great. The start's been going great. We've had some normal bumps in the road, but we've been able to handle them with the contingencies that we've had in place. And we're very happy with the performance of the team on-site. They're doing a heck of a job.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. Sure. Yeah. And thanks for the clarification. So, what I meant by that was remember when we, gosh, we took this reserve whenever we last changed the schedule into the first half of 2016. We basically provided for, I want to say about $30 million a month, and that included some contingency. And so, as I said in the kind of prepared remarks that that contingency is working and it speaks to whatever kind of unforeseen changes we've had to make, any work, rework, those kinds of things. The only when I said largely, the only thing I'm referring to really isn't schedule. It goes with these little small things that we've been showing, like, for example, a net increase this time of $14 million for the quarter. That's all we're referring to.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. And just to review the bidding there, if you think about it in 2014, remember, we had, I forget, placeholders for three years, as we kind of typically do. And in 2014, we started seeing so much success, we accelerated those placeholders into 2014. And that produced better than expected results. And then remember when we set our financials this year, we said, we're going to replicate 2014 and 2015. In other words, 2014 results for 2015, and we're going to add some stretch. I'm telling you right now, I think we're going to beat our stretch targets for 2015 for Southern Power, and we said this on the last call, but it just continues to be true and perhaps further, that the placeholders are getting filled up for 2016. So, I'm feeling very confident about our ability for the placeholders in 2016; and in fact, potentially, can't guarantee it, but potentially there could be upside to even our expectations for 2016. By October, we may be able to shed even a little more light on both of those 2015 and 2016 issues, but let's wait until the next earnings call, where we'll have a little more transparency. But, we're feeling very good about our progress and executing.
Thomas A. Fanning: Not a headwind. And we've talked about this before, and it was the shape of, kind of, earnings. So, I think this would largely be true for most folks and that is, absent solar investment tax credits which go from 30 to 10, you would generally expect to see a flattening out of earnings from – you'd love to see, so we're telling you, we're seeing a really good picture. The franchise is doing great. The power is doing great. You're going to see a trajectory in 2015 and 2016. All things being equal, the solar credits go away or at least go to 10, you'd see some flattening of progress, especially if people try to push stuff into 2016 to get it done, so 2016 to 2017 could flatten out a little bit. One of the things though that we're working on is ways to fill in what we're calling that divot, and that divot could be filled in with some win projects. We announced earlier Kay Wind, there's some other things we're looking at. As you know, they have a different earnings profile associated with their production tax credit. It's a 10-year kind of deal. And so, we're working on ways right now to improve what 2017 may look like, assuming you don't get an extension on the solar credits.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, so, Dan, it's anybody's guess at this point. When EPA pushed forward the preliminary rule and they got, gosh, over four million comments, I think they themselves realized that the proposed rule has some significant flaws, and I think we've been working constructively with EPA to try and fix those flaws. Been a number of kind of important areas that we look forward to EPA addressing. For example, one that's been just widely discussed is the so-called cliff date of 2020, so we would look for EPA to provide some flexibility. My sense is, they're likely going to keep teeth in the 2030 requirement, but we could see some flexibility on 2020. Who knows? EEI certainly has put forth a recommendation for that. Other issues could be related to current non-carbon-emitting resources. It could be life extensions of nukes, it could be increases of capacity of nukes, it could be our own Vogtle 3 and 4, which originally we didn't get credit for, that somehow EPA would recognize that that absolutely meets the intention of reducing carbon. And really it goes to Kemper County and actually other things. There's a host of other issues, Dan, that could be considered. You hear about energy efficiency requirements, you hear about the original methodology that EPA took to determine, kind of, the renewable capacity of certain states. But for me to say, where they're going to come out on those issues, again, would be pure conjecture.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, we have an awfully strong contract, number one, and remember our contract is very different in its makeup than what you see at the summer project for SCANA. So, our contract is typically viewed as a turnkey, fixed-price deal. And actually, we've improved it over the construction cycle that we've experienced so far. So, that's kind of number one. Number two is, when you think about just the commercial incentives for CBI, for Westinghouse, and even Toshiba, the best thing they can do to improve their own financial integrity is to perform under the contract, so that's important. Number three, I know there's been some trade press about Toshiba's ability to execute given that they've had some negative publicity. In 2013, Westinghouse took appropriate charges for many of these issues. Those issues are behind Westinghouse. To the extent there is a double, a two-notch downgrade at Toshiba's level, then they would post in LOC, we think they have the ability to do that. So, the contract provides us protection. Incentives, even in the event of tremendous turmoil, would always direct them to perform under the contract. And then finally, to the extent there are downgrades, the contract provides for Toshiba to post a letter of credit. We think they have the ability to do that.
Thomas A. Fanning: Absolutely. Yeah. We've talked about this a lot and nothing's changed. Essentially, and we've talked about it in the past in terms of thinking about this kind of long-term trajectory we're on, as our CapEx program starts to wind down, I think this year we're $6.8 billion in CapEx, and next year $5.5 billion, and the year after that, $4.3 billion. I think those are the numbers, round numbers. When you think about that, the consequence is that EPS starts to slow, and we've talked about that. And then, we said there's a shape to that; in other words, EPS growth should resume once you get into the next decade and you reach capacity, equilibrium in the region as well. There could be new CapEx associated with environmental law as well there could be new CapEx associated with 111(d). So, kind of on its own, we think the curve resumes. In the interim, as we see CapEx winding down, we see cash flow growing immensely. And what we've said is during this period of immense cash flow, certainly compared to our recent history, Southern actually looked a little over equitized. So, we've said that on several earnings calls. So, what do we do about that? We've often talked about three options. The first, simplest option is to buy back your own shares. The second option is kind of at the other end of the spectrum, is to buy somebody else's shares. And we always said that would require a premium and you would have to demonstrate a likelihood of recovery of the premium through increased value to shareholders. And in the middle has been just buying assets. And frankly, we've been doing that. If you look at kind of Southern Power's performance, we certainly have exceeded our own expectations on our ability to execute asset purchases, particularly in solar and wind. So, we've done that very successfully. So, those are really the options I would cover.
Thomas A. Fanning: Not really. With respect of new nuclear at Georgia, what I said was we were going to call a timeout on pushing that one forward until we got this dispute resolved from a commercial standpoint. Recall, what we've said in the past is the dispute isn't so much with us anymore, it's kind of among and between the contractors, so we look forward for them to kind of constructively resolve their own issues, and then I think we can deal with them in a constructive way. So, let's see how that goes. With respect to Sanmen, I think the most important thing there is, there's been a lot of conversation about this reactor coolant pump issue. That's not a critical path issue for us, and it looks as if, they have made a successful resolution of some of the design issues, so that will accrete to our benefit. So, it's going fine.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, hey, that's a great question. That's something we actually talk about. Yeah, right now, they're about 8% of Southern. And you probably remember from prior discussions, but just to review for everybody's benefit, the way we structure Southern Power is to essentially replicate the kind of credit profile, risk profile, that we had at Southern. That is, as apart from any merchant investment, long-term bilateral contracts, durations of 14 years or so, creditworthy counterparties, we don't take fuel risks, we don't take transmission risks, so it kind of has the feel from a portfolio risk standpoint as does the rest of our franchise business. Now, the question you raised is a very interesting one and that is, how high is too high, or is our appetite? I think you could easily kind of double Southern Power relative to the rest of Southern Company and still, I think, stay within our appetite, but that would be pushing it. Somewhere in the 15% of net income range. But there again, we'd have to see what the nature of those investments are, our tax appetites, all that stuff. We'd have to review that, but that's what I would roughly say, relative to where we are now, we could still double it and remain within our appetite.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. Nah, but listen, it's an excellent thought, because one of the problems that – well, let me start out with, I've been very public on this one. The body that has the same kind of lens we do, that is to balance the important objectives for our customers, a clean, safe, reliable, and affordable energy, is Congress. I think with all the best of intentions EPA doesn't have the ability to assess, I think they get clean, but they don't have the ability to assess in a balanced way, safe, reliable, and affordable. It's not what they do. And so, when we think about long-term implications of a regulator like EPA, putting out piecemeal the regulation, it is an important fact to note that the so-called pancaking of these various regulations are not particularly well-coordinated in balancing the overall energy portfolio of the United States. That's why I've always said, we need kind of a consistent national energy policy, and I think we've got great leadership there. Fred Upton in the House, Lisa Murkowski in the Senate, these are terrific leaders of the United States, and I think they've got all of our best interests at heart in balancing these important issues. The other issue that's just kind of interesting to think about along these lines, I would have gone to the – the Hatch/Max, now Matt's issue, the remand to the D.C. District Court. And depending on what they do, they could send it back to EPA for clarification on how did they take cost into account. Well, the practical matter is, as this industry complied in good faith to that kind of far-reaching regulation, we've already spent billions of dollars. We've started closing plants, we've eliminated jobs and tax base, we've done all sorts of things. The regulation remains in place, even though it's being revisited. It's important, I think, to learn as a lesson that whenever you evaluate the far-reaching implications of some of these regulations, we need to get all this right out of the gate as opposed to after the fact. So, that would be kind of my big lessons learned. One is thinking about the pancake effect. We've got to think about it in an integrated way. Number two, we've got to get all those clean, safe, reliable, affordable factors considered before we implement. And three, I'd love to see national energy policy enacted by Congress.
Thomas A. Fanning: I think just from a structural standpoint, too, if we believe that securitization bonds are in the near-term future, bank debt to bridge to that is an efficient way to finance. Yeah.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. And, Carrie (49:10), let me just jump in on this one. If you look at our CapEx plan going into 2017, you see the drop from $6.8 billion to $4.3 billion. We're throwing off cash. So, it would be kind of silly for us to issue equity and then in turn repurchase it two years later.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, we've got to run this business in the long-term. And I think the S&P move was all about Mississippi, to be honest with you. And I'm assuming that we're going to get fair treatment with the interim rates and then the permanent rates.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, look, I mean, we're open to anything, to be honest with you. But we expect fair treatment. I think we have a compelling case for fair treatment. I don't expect anything other than that.
Thomas A. Fanning: So, I think Georgia Power has demonstrated that they are very well protected via their contract. Residual risk, to me, I suppose there's some theoretical risk there. But, as a practical matter, when you think about even with the schedule changes, even with the increases in costs associated with those schedule changes, we believe that the, call it the majority of the cost, the big majority of the costs associated with that is being borne by the contractors. And that's being demonstrated over and over again. And in fact, when you think about the fact that when Georgia had this plant certified, everyone thought that the cost was going to be a 12% price increase to Georgia Power's customers. Because the benefit has overwhelmed the increases in cost, we think now that estimate, frankly, Paul, has actually improved this quarter, as you see in the VCM12 filing. So, now we think we're in the bottom of the 6% to 8% range. Largely, this recent improvement is because we're financing at a much better rate than what even we thought when we got the federal loan guarantees. You know remaining kind of risk, I think we've disclosed in prior quarters, one of the features of the contract is called a financial integrity payment. It basically provides that as the contractors perform their obligations, if they use up all of their profit and then they spend another $250 million above their profit, I guess it's above their cost, then we would share a $250 million segment, of which our share of that would be about $114 million. And then everything above that would be for the account of the contractors guaranteed by Toshiba. That's been a part of the contract since day one. That's probably it in my view other than certain owner's costs and everything else. But that's about it. I think we're in terrific shape on the contract.
Thomas A. Fanning: Man, haven't we thought about that over the years? I know you've over the years thought about and I thought about it, too. Remember at one time all the infrastructure guys were buying up all these bilateral contracted entities, and they had tremendous value. We actually thought about that, and please understand from my background as a CFO, I know Art feels this way, we're always after shareholder interests, and so theoretically, you're always a buyer and a seller at a certain price. We're always there to do what's best for shareholders. If there's a better owner, we'll take advantage of it. The other thing, though, it's not just a dollars and cents business. There's real blood and guts and relationships in this stuff. When you think about kind of the relationship that Southern Power has been able to strike in the marketplace, and this is really important, because it goes through the center of our business model. Customers in the middle of everything we do, reliability, price, and service, one of the most loyal customer groups that Southern Power has are co-ops and municipals. They absolutely have a long-term view on these kinds of assets and what service may be provided for their customers. So, I'm not sure, we'd have to think very hard about ever selling those kinds of relationships away from the franchise. And that's other considerations we'd have to take into account.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. Let me say it a different way. Value is a function of risk and return. And when you make – I think the heart of your question gets into a bunch of current unknowables, what's going to happen with balance (57:45) depreciation and therefore cash flow, what's going to be the success rate of Southern Power, what's going to be our appetite to do things like gas infrastructure? So, there's a host of things that we just can't get our arms around. What I can tell you is as internal risk starts to wind down, that is we get more resolution on Kemper, that is we get more wind down of construction programs and therefore financing pressure, it's clear to me that as internal risk subsides, cash flow improves, that we can probably think differently about our capital structure. That's why we've said for some time now that in fact we may believe in the future, we may be over equitized a bit. So, I can't put a number on it, but these are things that we talk about daily.
Thomas A. Fanning: Think about the kind of CapEx that would be associated with doubling Southern Power right now. That is a big number, okay? So I think the chances, and you think about how big Southern is, and you think that Southern continues to grow, if you think about what's going to be required to double Southern Power that is a big number. So number one, boy, that's an outside bet. Number two, I've been pretty consistent in saying, if there's a better owner, we'd certainly take advantage of it. We'd always do that. But taking into account historical relationships, long-term partnerships, all those sorts of things.
Thomas A. Fanning: If I'm a better owner of the asset and I have investment opportunities to issue equity, I would certainly issue the equity and make the investments that I need to make. I don't think about issuing equity in and of itself as being a bad thing. Number one, I'm over equitized, so I've got some margin there. Number two, if I'm above my kind of EVA threshold, then I issue equity and create value. So, I don't look at issuing equity as a bad thing. If I'm issuing equity, it must mean that all other things being equal, I've got darn good value-enhancing investments to make.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, a lot, a lot, a lot of activity. I am not prepared to give you an update today, only because I got a lot of irons in the fire and I got to see how those things resolve themselves.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, I think it's something to keep an eye on. Look, we're always looking for a successful resolution. Failing a settlement, we're going to end up in court in Augusta, Georgia, to litigate around the commercial disputes. So, I think once the contractors resolve their own differences, we'll be in a position to address in a constructive way how to settle this thing. I'm an optimist, but I think it's reasonable optimism. I think we have a basis to go forward. But, they've got to resolve their own differences first.
Thomas A. Fanning: Okay. So, when I answer that one, Paul, I generally think about it as a net energy price equivalent to gas to Mississippi's customers. Now...
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. So, let me give it to you on what it used to be and we'll project, we'll get an estimate on what it is now. So, recall that our ability to stand behind our construction overruns has preserved largely the capital cost economics to Mississippi's customers. When I think about the relative lack of volatility of lignite fuel supply into the plant, so we control all that fuel, there's almost no volatility relative to natural gas. Now remember the net cost is really net of also sales of by-products, which include sulfuric acid, ammonia, and CO2. The biggest issue there is CO2. At $100 a barrel, so this obviously isn't the case today, at $100 a barrel, remember, the CO2 revenues are indexed to oil. The net energy price was equivalent to about $1.25 per million BTUs, somewhere in that range. Now with oil prices being down, the net energy price would be up, so let say it's, I don't know, call it $2.50. If $100, and call oil $50, and I'm being kind of broad brush here, but say it's $2.50 per million BTUs, somewhere in there. So, my sense is gas today is, what, $2.82, somewhere in there, last I saw? You're still going to compete favorably with natural gas with this plant. It'll be by all reasonable estimates a base load facility, and for those economics, recall it has almost no volatility.
Thomas A. Fanning: I don't have in the top of my head what ammonia's worth, what sulfuric acid is worth. It assumes a heat rate, it assumes a variety of things. But that would be, as I sit here right now, it would be a reasonable estimate.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. Sure. Look, it's been consistent with kind of what the Fed has been seeing, it's what everybody's been kind of speculating, me included. Gosh. As the dollar has gained in strength relative to the euro, and when we think about what's going on in China and everything else, the United States economy, like it or not, may be the best place for people to invest, including Treasuries. Therefore, the strength of the dollar has really increased. And one of the dilemmas that the Fed is trying to deal with is that they start on a path to lift off, if you will, and then depending on what trajectory they select, you could see further strengthening of the dollar relative to other international currencies, and obviously that could have an impact on exports, okay? We've seen already some of that happen. So, when you think about the Grexit, whether it happens are not, Japan, China, like I said, event risk in the Soviet Union or in the Middle East, the dollar still looks pretty darn good. So, we've seen some slowdown in exports. Likewise, we've seen an increase in imports. The other thing that's kind of weighed on the industrial activity a little bit is oil prices. As oil prices being so low, we've seen kind of a reduction of bid in the pipelines, some manufacturing, things like that. Primary metals are down a little bit, chemicals are down a little bit, also, in this whole mix. So, that's what you're seeing. That's what's responsible for some of that.
Thomas A. Fanning: And you know what, I'll just make the invitation, I know certain of you guys have taken investors on to the site to be able to see this stuff, the scale of this work is just immense. And in order to kind of get an appreciation for it, if you guys maybe want to come see it, we'd be glad to arrange any kind of visit you want.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, Dan. I think they set some smaller modules in, but the real big work there is going to be modular related. The CA20 assembly has begun in the modular assembly building. And they've begun making panels for the CA01 module at Unit 4 as well. So, those are big deals. We've learned a lot of lessons from Unit 3, and we're hopefully to going to put those lessons to use and build them quicker on Unit 4.
Thomas A. Fanning: Sure. I just want to say thank you to everybody. We had a heck of a first half of the year. The franchise is doing fabulous. We're coming off a year where we were the highest level of customer satisfaction, that's our ultimate barometer. But financially, we're great; operationally, we're great. Southern Power's doing fine. Making big progress on these big projects. I'm very happy to report a really good first six months and look forward to the next six months. Thank you all for being on the call. Thank you for following us, and look forward to talking with you soon. Have a great afternoon.
