David Ratcliffe: Thanks, Glenn, and good afternoon, and thanks to all of you for joining us. I'm sure most of you are aware by now the changes in our senior management team that we announced yesterday. With my retirement from Southern Company on December 1, we have begun a transition in the office of the Chief Executive. Tom Fanning, who many of you know very well from his four years as Chief Financial Officer, will become President of Southern Company on August 1. Tom is also with us on the call this afternoon. Paul Bowers will be moving to Georgia Power on August 13 as Chief Operating Officer, while Art Beattie, who is also with us today, will become the Chief Financial Officer. Tom, Paul and Art are key members of our management team and are well prepared for their new assignments, and I know will do an outstanding job for us. As you can see from the materials we released this morning, we had a good second quarter, which was influenced by favorable weather and the continuing economic recovery here in the Southeast. Since our last earnings call in April. We've had three significant new regulatory developments in our Retail business, including a rate case filing by Georgia Power. Paul will cover the rate case filing in more detail in a few minutes. First on May 26, the Mississippi Public Service Commission approved the construction of our 582-megawatt coal gasification project in Kemper County, Mississippi. Yesterday, the South Mississippi Electric Power Association signed an agreement to purchase 17.5% of the plant to fill the projected capacity requirements of its members.  The plant, which will use Mississippi lignite coal is scheduled to be placed in service in May 2014. The facility has a construction cost estimate of $2.4 billion. The project, which will feature 65% carbon capture capability has qualified for nearly $700 million in federal incentives, including $412 million in investment tax credits and $270 million in clean coal power initiative funding. In addition, we're in advanced due diligence discussions for federal loan guarantees.  Mississippi Public Service Commission has also approved the construction work in progress mechanism, which will begin in 2012 and continue through the end of May 2014. We're pleased to now be under construction with the Kemper County project. We believe this plan is clearly the best choice for our customers. And to repeat what Secretary of Energy, Steven Chu, wrote recently and I quote, "The project is of national importance because it provides a viable option for using our abundant coal resources in a cost-effective manner and reducing power plant emissions." My second update concerns our Vogtle nuclear project. Last month, we announced that Southern Company and the Department of Energy agreed to conditional terms on the nuclear loan guarantees in the 3 and 4 Plant Vogtle. Under the conditional agreement, the loan would not exceed 70% of the company's eligible projected cost or approximately $3.4 billion, and is expected to be funded by the Federal Financing Bank. The loan would be full recourse to Georgia Power and secured by lien on the company's 45.7% interest in the two new units.  The loan is expected to save Georgia Power's customers between $15 million and $20 million annually in interest costs. The actual amount of the interest savings will depend upon the final terms and the timing of this specific borrowing. Final approval and issuance of the loan is subject to the receipt of the combined construction and operating license from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission and satisfaction of other conditions. NRC's current schedule calls for finalization of its design-control document review by October 2011, and we would expect to receive the COL by the end of 2011. As you know, the company received an Early Site Permit and Limited Work Authorization from the NRC in 2009, and site work has been underway since that time. At this point, I'll turn things over to Paul for a discussion of our financial highlights for the second quarter and our earnings guidance for the remainder of 2010.
David Ratcliffe: Thank you, Paul. And as Paul explained, we had a good quarter and a solid first six months, but we are mindful if weather has been a major contributor to our earnings. And that the economic recovery, while encouraging, remain somewhat fragile.  It's important to re-emphasize that the foundation of our business plan is a commitment to provide our investors with regular, predictable and sustainable financial performance over the long term. At this point, Paul and I are ready to take your questions. So Michael, we'll now take the first question.
David Ratcliffe: There's a few normal out here somewhere, Dan, we're trying to find it. I just think that what we're trying to do is to celebrate the fact that we see a little positive here. I still think the long-term reality is a bunch of job creation. And we're still struggling with unemployment rates that are too high. And until we get those numbers headed in the right direction, we're going to be pleased with what we get. But I don't think we can talk much about an accelerated pace here.
David Ratcliffe: I think we disclosed the planning that we're doing on increased O&M spending and the increased number of shares and the Georgia order. Those are the things that are the major factors. There's always uncertainty around weather. I mean, we've seen the weather go the other way too.
David Ratcliffe: We have raised $344 million, so far this year. [indiscernible]. Ali, one other thing too is when you look at our drivers, and like we've said on the opening of this call, the third quarter is our largest quarter in terms of our revenue and earning. After the third quarter, we'll make adjustments as necessary to our guidance, but not until then.
David Ratcliffe: I think the most aggressive challenge we will continue to experience will come from the Sierra Club. Most of the other environmental questions have been answered. The Sierra Club, as you know, has filed an appeal. That appeal will be heard in the Supreme Court. We're confident that we have addressed all of their concerns adequately, so we expect a good outcome there.
David Ratcliffe: By definition, the rate case has to be finalized by the end of the year, by December. And as you know, the scheduled calls for the hearings begin in October. Usually, they're completed in October, and then the Commission takes another advisement in November, and we try to finalize it in December.
David Ratcliffe: We do have plans to meet with Moody's folks in the next couple of weeks and explain to them with as much granularity as we can about the current reality and what we're doing to manage the risk in the business, not just the nuclear risk but others too.
David Ratcliffe: As I have noted, we don't have any particular view beyond what's been reported in the press. As you know, it's a very complex piece of legislation. And the time associated with trying to deal with very complex bill like that is problematic in Congress when they really don't have enough time. If you look at their calendar, they've got a lot of things they've got to do in the fall and trying to get it back on the agenda in the fall will be a difficult challenge, not impossible. But I think the biggest challenge remains trying to get the 60 votes that they need to pass anything of that magnitude in a clearly growing political season. So I wouldn't give it very high chances of coming back this Congress. I think it's jump ball until we get through the midterm elections and see what the new Congress will look like and whether or not there's an ability to move something in a new Congress.
David Ratcliffe: No, we really don't. Like everybody else, we're trying to do the analysis on the concepts that have been proposed. And I emphasize the fact that it is a proposed rule-making. And it is a difficult one to understand, because it has some complex provisions with regard to interstate and intra-state trading, whether you can use allowances and whether you can't. The bottom line of all of that is, as we lower these numbers, the ability for us to continue to backfit additional equipment is fairly limited. We've already made, as you know, significant investments. We've invested, by the time we finished in '12, I think about $10 billion. And you get to the point where there's not enough space and you can't continue to achieve reductions with existing technology. So until we see and understand exactly what the requirement is, and how it's going to be implemented, it's awfully hard to figure out exactly what we might be able to do to continue to reduce emissions of SOx and NOx, primarily.
David Ratcliffe: No, I think we've done work again on installing major scrubbers, and we've got additional scrubbers that are going into service this year. We pretty much have committed. I think the longer-term questions are: What are the entire portfolio of additional regulations, whether it's transport rule or whether it's fine particulates, ash, mercury, additional HAPs, all of that, as we said many times, needs to be coordinated in a fashion that allows us to preserve reliability going forward.
David Ratcliffe: Yes, we're looking at a spread and made an assessment of about 50 basis points between what we could borrow from the Federal Financing Bank versus what we get in the marketplace.
David Ratcliffe: I think the objective would be to create a mechanism that would allow us to make routine filings throughout the entire period rather then these massive rate cases to deal with increased costs or decreased costs in much smaller increments over the period of time, really, not just during the construction but through the future.
David Ratcliffe: If you look at residential market, it is. We're seeing an uptick in terms of use per customer or roughly about 1.2% for the quarter. We have seen that trend for the year. The year-to-date number is 1.3%. From a commercial standpoint, the small commercial group, it's really an economic question, not a use-per-customer question because the issue is economic viability, are we going to remain in business. And we're seeing some of the small convenient-store-type entity really close up shop.
David Ratcliffe: What we said, Carrie, at first of the year, is we would look at between $500 million to $600 million, and that we would see if our internal frame program could provide that given some opportunities even with bonds depreciation out there.
David Ratcliffe: Yes, thank you, Michael. I appreciate your help. Paul Bowers just breathed a huge sigh of relief that this is his last earnings call. I want to take this opportunity to say thank you to him. He's done an outstanding job in his role as Chief Financial Officer of Southern. I know he's had an opportunity to get to know a lot of you folks and I hope you'll express your appreciation to him. He's not getting out of the lineup, he's just moving into another spot. Art Beattie is appropriately concerned about picking up that responsibility, but he's doing a good job. Tom Fanning is waiting in the wings to take over the reins. And all of that is as it should be. We look forward to the October call and thank you for joining us today.
W. Bowers: No, Greg. This is Paul. When you look at that $0.01 benefit, remember you had the COR or call for removal benefit from Georgia Power. At the same time, we're recognizing increased depreciation and amortization from environmental equipment and T&D equipment.
W. Bowers: Dan, this is Paul. Both David and I will comment on this. When you look at the contract that we just signed, actually yesterday, with the meatball [ph] organization. It is an opportunity for them to get low-energy cost capacity for their customers that they serve, the E&Cs in the southern part of the state. From the standpoint of where we stand from a Kemper County instruction and execution, we've already secured about 20% of the cost already under contract. And by the end of year, we expect to have 50% of that cost contracted for. So we're real confident that we can make the contracted or the target price, the 2.4, but we have the $2.88 billion cap that's available to it.
W. Bowers: Dan, remember I mentioned that customer growth was only 7,000 customers in the residential class. When you look at the 36,000, that's new connects. So it's people leaving, connects now being re-established in existing facilities and/or new facility. In fact, new connect is a determinant, if you will, of the growth that we might be experiencing in the marketplace. So we having positive quarter-over-quarter numbers is an indicator that we are having inward migration, and that jobs are being established in the Southeast. The other point I'll make is that when you look at our normal new connect from 2000 to 2007, that number usually runs around $80,000 to $88,000. So we're significantly below normal.
W. Bowers: Last quarter, it was around $30,000. So that 47% increase is 36,000 over to 30,000. The aspect of when we get back, we're looking at 2012, when you have the residential market returning to something more than normal or more-than-current normal.
W. Bowers: Yes, Paul. When you look at it, $54 million per quarter. So yes, we did recognize that this quarter.
W. Bowers: When you look at O&M spend, overall, yes. We're at normal spending. Remember last year, we had depressed spending in our company, so we respond to the economic realities that we're facing.
W. Bowers: Well, remember, Ali, when you have, like I said, there's three things. The normal O&M expenditures that we have is getting back on reliability schedules associated with our generation fleet, the vegetation management activity that we have around our T&D facility. So there will be a higher spend on an O&M level. The other piece is, if you recall, that we have the modified accounting order at Georgia. That limits, if you will, the capability of that company to earn over a certain amount.
W. Bowers: I think the early indications are that they're receptive to considering the concepts, but it's really early in that discussion.
W. Bowers: Michael, when you look at Southern Power, like we said before, it is a surrogate of a regulated model. It has long-term contract and capacity for its generation unit. And what we also said is it was going to remain flat over the next three years because of the contracts that are evolving during this time. One of the issues that Southern Power is also facing is the downturn from the economy and having capacity that was allocated towards a requirement contract that is really not needed for another year or so.
W. Bowers: Jim, what we said is from the Economic Summit, the participants basically said that the hop that we had in the first half of the year resulted from much of the activity around restocking, and that they did not anticipate restocking to drive the second half of the year.
W. Bowers: Jim, when you look at -- like what we said earlier, ongoing O&M is going to be in normal areas. We're going to be looking at maintaining the reliability of our network and ensuring that we provide the necessary maintenance on our systems to meet our customers' expectations on reliability and price for the future.
W. Bowers: Well, Jim, each year, you have to assess the O&M spend based on the environmental equipment that comes in. So I can't give you a smooth, 3% growth rate on O&M or 4% growth rate, because some of those numbers are driven by the scrubbers that come online during any individual year. They drive O&M significantly for us.
W. Bowers: I think we've explained before the economic dispatch regime that we use. So we're dispatching our units on the basis of the lowest cost. And that's a function of, as you suggest, price of coal and price of natural gas. So as it changes then the dispatch changes. We're still continuing to burn some of our coal piles in a managed fashion, so that we're managing the inventory. We have the opportunity as gas prices go down and take advantage of that, and we will do so.
W. Bowers: The bonus appreciation associated with the financing bill. It was attached to the Agricultural Bill, but we have not had any update of late. It's now in the small business still is what I understand, and we'll see if it gets any traction.
W. Bowers: Taken from a capital standpoint, it's a trade-off relative to environmental put [ph], and like, David was talking about or a replacement with new generation. So from a capital budget standpoint, it's relatively level.
W. Bowers: The rule is going to be challenged, I'm sure. I think it'll be well into next year, by the time we get some definition on exactly what's required. And then, as part of that you're running into, what I think is just an impossible date from a compliance standpoint. As I understood it, they're talking about a 2012 kind of compliance. So if there is any additional control equipment required, the timing and the ability to put that in place is extraordinarily limp.
W. Bowers: Andrew, we always evaluate the market to assess opportunities out there. And as you know, Southern Power has a piece of the capital budget that's associated with market opportunities for acquisitions and new generation assets. So that is out there, and we constantly look at the marketplace.
W. Bowers: Remember, Carrie, we said last year that we sped up some of the equity issuance so we could take advantage of the market. It probably went that way. So we pre-funded some of the equity requirements for this year last year.
W. Bowers: Carrie, the issue really is more of a business environment relative to the issue that we're addressing, more on being the nuclear construction risk. The economy is at risk and the regulatory environment was pointed out in Florida as a risk. So the business-environment issue is what we'll be addressing and how we're mitigating some of those risk, either through contracts or through things that are just naturally occurring and improving the economy.
W. Bowers: Let me make one point, Carrie. We're not choosing to reduce our ratings. We're very much steadfast [ph] in trying to provide Moody's as much information about the future cash flow metrics that we see, the opportunities that we see in the marketplace from an improved economy, plus the risk mitigation measures that we have put in place around collection of costs around nuclear plants in our Kemper County. So we are pushing those issues in terms of providing Moody's with additional information. Financial integrity is critical to us, and we are going to focus on maintaining that credit quality. Now we have done some assessment on what it will take to impact a downgraded Moody's, and it looks like a 10-basis-points impact on a 30-year bond. Our objective, though, is to maintain our credit quality.
W. Bowers: That's exactly the point. Remember, the third quarter of last year had the benefit of the Cash For Clunkers run-up. And what we saw was the segment of our industrial customers associated with our automobile manufacturing really tick up. And we moved to our average monthly consumption in the industrial sector to above 4,000-gigawatt hours per month. We're running currently around 4,300-gigawatts hours per month. So from a standpoint of differences between July, August, September of '09 versus this quarter, you won't see that much of a difference, I don't think, in terms of percentage change.
W. Bowers: Raymond, we were expecting roughly -- we've already financed $1.146 billion this year. We expect another, roughly, another $1 billion before the end of the year. From 2011, we will be on the market on the debt side, around $2 billion.
W. Bowers: The current range right now, Dan, this is Paul, is 10.25% to 12.25% is the range, with the midpoint set at 11.25% and a 1% change, about $100 million.
W. Bowers: It will be the first part of next year, Dan. When you get into the January first quarter of 2011, you will have more of a comparable O&M level. Remember also, the amount of O&M reductions that we had last year are in the range of $230 million for '09. So you're seeing that come back, plus the normal activity that we have around our plant and maintenance.
W. Bowers: As you recall, when we set out our forecast for this year, we expected a positive 0.5% growth rate in commercial, which is relatively flat year-over-year. With the results that we've seen so far, we still see it being relatively flat year-over-year. There are some negative signs that are really showing up in our numbers relative to the Grocery Store segment, which is a big segment for us that is a negative year-over-year result. And some of that is in a small category. When I say small Grocery Stores, it's convenience stores, or the smallest of the box stores, which are materially being reduced in numbers. The other piece in the commercial sector, our year-over-year assessment of customer growth is down 0.5%. So that segment, we expect to start picking back up in the fourth quarter. But again, we'll be watching it from a cautious standpoint.
W. Bowers: GDP, when you look at the data that we've received from the economic summit that we had, they were basically saying a 2% to 2 1/2% growth rate.
W. Bowers: When you look at the economic data, it also -- and the economists said that 2%, 2 1/2%, I had an assessment of the Southeast around 2.9% as well. So you get some numbers that are skewing on the upside, if you will, the GDP numbers for the Southeast. But again, as we said in the first quarter, we're going to be cautious about making new prediction. The numbers are positive, but we also see indicators where inventories did drive some of that. We've had some robust growth out in the steel manufacturing sector, and I'm sure, you saw the Wall Street article that said, "Prices are starting to come down." So those are the signals that we have demand for these products. On our Automobile segment, like I said in the opening statement, the production level of the unit is up 71%. But remember, at the peak of Automobile production, we were producing almost 14 million units. At a 71% increase, we'll be at 11 million, 11.5 million units for the country. So we're still not back all the way to normal.
W. Bowers: Andrew, we've had that discussion last year, when we opened up the dribble program, our continuous equity offering. And what we said at the time, which is true as well as today is one that provides us a lot of flexibility to time the market appropriately for the value that we can get for our shares in the marketplace. Like last year, our total program provided $1.3 billion, of which about $700 million was associated with the dribble program. I think that is the right mechanism to match our needs in the capital additions that we see to put equity into the marketplace.
W. Bowers: Each year, we issue a shelf associated with the number of shares that we can put up in the marketplace.
