Chris Womack: Thank you, Scott. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us today. 2023 was an exceptional year for Southern Company, a year in which we proved once again that we can do extraordinary things, including delivering strong financial results in the face of unprecedented headwinds and the successful completion of Plant Vogtle Unit 3, the first newly constructed nuclear unit in the United States in over three decades. Since its July 30th in-service date, Unit 3's performance has exceeded our expectations, delivering over 5 million megawatt hours of safe, reliable, carbon-free energy across Georgia. Other noteworthy items for 2023 included, constructive resolution of the Vogtle 3 and 4 prudence process, resolving all issues of reasonableness, prudence and cost recovery; successfully completed construction and commissioning for a brand new 720-megawatt combined cycle plant on schedule and on time at Alabama Power's plant Barry; acquired two new solar projects at Southern Power, which once construction is complete, will add an additional 350-megawatts of carbon-free generation to its portfolio of fully contracted renewable generation; continued progress toward our greenhouse gas emission reduction goals, including our interim goal of a 50% reduction versus 2007 levels by 2030; achieving a 49% reduction in 2023; earned a National Accounts Award for outstanding customer engagement by the Edison Electric Institute and top honors from J.D. Power for residential and business customer satisfaction. And just last week, Southern Company was ranked as the number one most admired electric and gas utility in Fortune magazine's World's Most Admired Companies list for 2024. These achievements reflect our team's steadfast commitment to keep the customers and the communities we are privileged to serve at the center of everything we do. Throughout 2023, our electric and gas franchises continue to excel at the fundamentals and started this year strong as evidenced through our preparations and execution during January's winter storm, Heather, when electricity demands reach all the time winter peaks and Southern Company gas system continue to reliably serving customers throughout severe weather conditions across its four-state territory. Our ability to navigate through such severe weather events further demonstrates how our customers benefit from the combination of outstanding operational performance by each of our utilities and the value of our vertically integrated state-regulated business model. Our state's long-term integrated planning processes, which include adoption of important planning assumptions like a 26% winter reserve margin for our electric utilities benefit our customers by providing a reliable and resilient mix of energy resources. Before turning the call over to Dan for a financial update, I'd like to provide an update on Vogtle Unit 4. We continue to make meaningful progress toward the completion of Unit 4 with initial criticality achieved yesterday. Initial criticality represents a key step during startup whereby operators for the first time safely begin the self-sustaining nuclear reaction to create heat for steam production. As we approach the initial sync with the grid, Unit 4 continues with the remaining start-up and preoperational testing activities that perceive the declaration of in service, which is projected in the second quarter of 2024. Our 2024 adjusted earnings per share guidance range, which Dan will detail, shortly assumes Unit 4 achieves commercial operation in April. Dan, I'll now turn the call over to you.
Chris Womack: Thank you, Dan. Again, let me say, Southern Company had an exceptional year in 2023. We didn't just meet challenges head on. We rose above them while remaining committed to keeping customers and communities in the center of everything that we do. I am extraordinarily proud of the hard work, the collaboration, the perseverance and the leadership that our teams show throughout the year to enable us to achieve these outstanding results. Having a team prepared to rise to such new heights doesn't just happen. For decades, Southern Company has prioritized investing in our people, with a focus on positioning our leaders and their teams to provide the exceptional service customers expect to deliver the innovative solutions needed in an evolving energy landscape and to support growing the communities we are privileged to serve. As you all know, our company implemented a leadership transition in early 2023. Rather than simply fill a handful of vacant seats, we embraced it as a grand opportunity. During 2023, we facilitated 75 officer level changes throughout the company. The changes brought renewed energy and excitement, and more importantly, and intentionally, the movement served to further strengthen what we believe to be the deepest and best bench in the industry. I am excited about the future of this company, and I'm excited about our team and its ability to deliver the results, all our stakeholders, customers and investors alike expect from Southern Company. Thank you again for joining us this afternoon and for your continued interest in Southern Company. Operator, we are now ready to take questions.
Chris Womack: Yes, it is an unprecedented growth that we continue to witness from economic development activities. And so yeah, this is a very conservative look. I mean, we look for -- we factor in build permits, building permits in terms of actual announcements of ground has been broken. I mean, so we look at not just companies that are forward looking and making site visits, but there's been some demonstrated commitment that they will, in fact, be building a project in the state. So we go through those thresholds before, we make those filings in terms of being -- having some certainty that these projects are, in fact, real. We've just seen unprecedented economic development activity, say, for the past three years. And we continue to have an aggressive pipeline. But as we go to the commission for this updated IRP, we just factored in those companies, those businesses that has clearly demonstrated and taken actions that we think of – that shows some firmness in their participation, in their operating businesses in the state.
Chris Womack: Yes. Carly, let me start by saying with initial criticality achieved yesterday, we continue to progress through testing and start-up. The next major milestone is thinking to the grid, and that could occur later this month. We expect Unit 4 completion during the second quarter. And as we take in account the experiences we got from last year with our Unit 3, as we look at moving through Unit 4, and we could have worked through these units -- how we work through these issues that could arise. But we view this as a long-term investment and we'll make sure we're taking time to get it right. But right now, as we look at where we are, we are planning on the Unit being online in April, and we think we have a number of weeks of margin to accomplish that objective.
Chris Womack: Yes. And so yes, we've done all the analysis, we sent the pump back to the manufacturer. And we think we identified the cause of the issue, but a root cause analysis has not been performed yet. But we have tested all the other pumps. And with the new pump, we made sure there were not any similar issues, but we think we're in pretty good shape with the pumps as we go forward.
Chris Womack: I guess, as we have looked at the pump that we sent to the manufacturers, as we identified what we thought the issue was, we think it's not an issue with the other pumps. I mean, we test the other pumps. We assess the pump, the new pump that we installed. And we think we just have a good handle. And on these pumps, I think you consider the run time. I think that provides good color to kind of, I guess, the confidence we have in the pump and what we've identified as the issues and things we have to do to make sure we don't have similar issues as we go forward.
Chris Womack: But you'll also see great transparency through this process, man, as the commission and Georgia works through the process, many staff is filing testimony today, and they may have a different perspective. But you'll see that process play out and that leads us to the decision in April by the commission. But you've seen these IRP processes before. So those processes will continue as we go forward, and you'll see real time kind of how it unfolds.
Chris Womack: No, we do expect to see rate decreases for our customers with these additional sales and the customer growth that we'll experience. We think that should more than offset the cost of the resources needed to serve. And so we -- affordability is something we pay a lot of attention to, and there are things we do internal. And we think that one of the benefits of this sales growth is having the opportunity to put downward pressure on rates for our customers across the board. And so that's kind of how we see it and how we evaluate each project. I want to make sure that is, in fact, putting downward pressure on rates.
Chris Womack: I have no idea. I mean that matter is still in the court system. And so we'll observe it, just like you are. But I have no insight into how that's going to play out at this time. 
Chris Womack: I mean there's always -- there will always be issues. But I think as we look at increased sales, as we look at growth in customers, and then as we work with these new customers, we think this provides us the opportunity to have downward pressure on rates. And so we will work with these customers in terms of their pricing. But once again, I just go back to the fundamentals of increased sales opportunity and this customer growth, how that supports the opportunity for us to put downward pressure all across our customer base to see downward pressure on rates. I mean, we'll evaluate each customer to ensure that, in fact, does happen, that they put downward pressure on overall rates across the company.
Chris Womack: And, yeah, we'll look at the size, the demand, the timing, there are other factors that will go into making sure that we price service appropriately to those customers.
Chris Womack: Angie, there are a lot of considerations that go into that decision. And yeah, we want to connect them to our grid. And yeah, we'll have conversations with them about renewable resources and the mix. But those are conversations that we do have with them, recognizing what upgrade may be made on the system, locations, where they are. So there are a lot of kind of really detailed conversations, engineering conversations that go into making those final decisions that also then ultimately impact the pricing for that service. 
Chris Womack: And yes, I think you got it just right. I mean, we see the opportunities to have some increased capital spending in Atlanta around the operations here in Georgia. So we think that allows that gas investments to be stable going forward. So I think you've spoken to it just right.
Chris Womack: No. I mean, we're always looking across our hand and finding ways to be more efficient. I mean, so there's ongoing efforts to -- once again, as we look at affordability, I mean, we think about the opportunities to keep -- to drive rates from pricing down because of sales growth and because of customer growth, but also making sure that we're focused on looking internal in terms of being more efficient and finding ways to also drive down the cost of our O&M expenses. Also making sure, we take full advantage of fuel pricing. I mean, you see where natural gas prices are now. So looking across the entire portfolio, I mean, that is an ongoing continuous exercise that we'll always focus on in terms of finding ways to drive down O&M and find ways to be more efficient.
Chris Womack: Yes. And the last thing I'd add, even though we've had this focus on Vogtle, but it hasn't kept us from paying attention to the fundamentals, to making sure that we provide the service that customers expect, but also being focused on the cost of our product.
Chris Womack: I think there is -- yes, I mean, they may not know exactly what the price will be. But once again, as we sit with them, understanding their needs, what their desires are and the level of service, I mean that all goes into consideration of what the ultimate price will be. I mean, the value, location, reliability, resiliency, all of those things go into consideration as we kind of price these projects out. And so that's a part of the negotiation, that's part of the conversation that we have with it.
Chris Womack: I don't think so. I think we may be better informed as we bring some more projects online. Right now, I think -- I don't think that would be the case. And plus it could be trade secrets as well, so.
Chris Womack: Again, let me say, Southern Company had an exceptional year in 2023. And I am really excited about the future of this company. Let me thank everybody for joining us today, and wish everybody a happy day, and thank you very much.
Dan Tucker: Yes. Thanks for the question, Shahriar. And I know there's a lot of focus on this. I think we're always fascinated with the precision with which everyone wants to inhale all this down. The -- so let's start with the guidance range. Yes, I think, it absolutely includes impacts from Vogtle 4, not only being in 2024 at all, but certainly going into, as we've assumed in the guidance range, April. I mean, if you add all that up, that's $0.08 of incremental impact on 2024 relative to what it would have been if the project been lined in 2023. And -- but we haven't adjusted a range by that full amount, by any means. And what we're doing is using the flexibility, not unlike what we did in 2023 with the mildest year ever to kind of mitigate that. Those are the kind of mitigations and flexibility items that aren't necessarily available every year. You have to maintain the system, you've got to make sure you're prioritizing service to customers. And so that flexibility is limited. We're using it this year and that will diminish what we have the opportunity to do going forward. But also, I think what's not factored in is a couple of other important nuances. We thought 40 slides was enough, but maybe we needed one more slide to kind of draw how we always think about our guidance range and our growth range. We don't think about the 5% to 7% being off of the midpoint. We've always kind of drawn those trajectories off the top of it and off the bottom of it. So 7% off the top, 5% off the bottom. I think if you do that from this current range, it captures every reasonable estimate that's out there for 2025 and 2026. When it comes to the rate base growth, look, we were at 6% last year. We just added $5 billion of capital to the plan. We didn't add all the capital that we see as possible. That kind of incremental capital additions opportunity still exists. So yeah, our ability to grow rate base, and yeah, it's mitigated ever so slightly by a fraction of a percent of increased shares over time. Our ability to hit our numbers is as solid as it's ever been.
Dan Tucker: Yeah. We -- yes, thanks, Shahriar. We have not factored any cash flow from nuclear PTCs into our outlook. We've got a terrific plan with an improving FFO to debt metric that's several hundred basis points above any of our threshold over time, and frankly improves every year in the forecast that I look at without those nuclear PTCs. Is there the opportunity for us to capture some of those PTCs? We think there very well could be. We're not counting on it. And to the extent we do, we'll flow those to customers to the most practical amount of time possible. And so we're -- it's not going to be a factor in kind of how our metrics or earnings look.
Dan Tucker: Yeah. So I've always kind of said we see a forecast that gets us to 17-ish, it's the way I've characterized it in the past. So let me tell you where we are, Steve, here today, and I think it's still differentiated and a terrific story and we're doing everything we can to make sure we're being conservative in the way we think about this. So if we just think about Moody's metrics, our actual result for 2023 was 14%. Keep in mind, that's before Vogtle 4 is in service. 2024, with Vogtle in service on the timeline, we believe those metrics will improve by more than 100 basis points in 2024. The weight of the incremental capital that we're deploying and the fact that some of this is kind of long live construction, you think about building new gas plants at Georgia or other things, there's a bit of regulatory lag that weighs a little bit on credit metrics. And as that resolves itself, cash flow improves. So with the forecast that I see go from 14 to over 15 in 2024, and about a 50 to 60 basis point improvement every year after that over time and that's a function of that capital, it's -- we're issuing the equity to continue the improvement. And then there's a little bit of impact in the short-term for under-recovered fuel that as that gets collected and the debt goes away, that also adds to that upward trajectory. So in my five-year forecast, we get kind of in that mid-16 towards 17 range. But again, every year in the five years is an improving story, and still hundreds of basis points above our thresholds.
Dan Tucker: Yeah. And I'll just add to that, that the momentum in the economic development activity has continued even since filing that 2023 IRP update. And so thank goodness, we've got a filing in 2025, and we do this periodically. It's going to continue to evolve. There's a lot still lingering out there that -- in our conservative nature, we're not counting on yet, but it's not unlikely.
Dan Tucker: Yes, Carly, it's a great question. So -- and I think I alluded to this a few minutes ago, it really is about the velocity and magnitude of this growth that we just kind of characterized for Steve. It's right in front of us. These resources are needed sooner than later. And so we think there's -- it was reasonable to kind of break trend for us a little bit and get slightly ahead of regulatory outcome to reflect directionally what's happening. And so just to kind of peel the curtain back a little bit, we were very specific in what we included. If you go back and look at the proposal that Georgia Power put in front of the commission back in the fall, it included a lot of various owned resources. And what we've included in the capital plan is essentially the new combustion turbines, there's three of those, and then two specific storage projects that are kind of located near military bases in -- Air Force base. That leaves hundreds, I think, over 800 megawatts of storage projects and a small storage or solar kind of not included in there. We will get a decision in April, but again, as a reminder, there's a whole another process coming in 2025. So, there may be a degree of clarity in April. There may be further clarity coming out the 2025 process. And as those play out, we'll continue to obviously keep the investment community apprised and update our projections accordingly.
Dan Tucker: Yes. And Carly, I'll speak to the flexibility. I mean, obviously, I mentioned earlier, we're kind of already deploying some of that flexibility to address what we expect to be us here today in April in service because beyond that, we've laid out, it's roughly $0.03 for every month, but that's partially why we have a range, right? I mean it's a $0.10 range out there. So, it could be a function of moving us within the range for the year or depending on the circumstances as the year plays out, whether it's weather or something else, we might have some greater degree of flexibility. It's just too early in the year to really be that detailed about exactly how that might play out.
Dan Tucker: Certainly, not improving returns from an overall, say, regulated utility perspective. From a -- we really view that as the opportunity to kind of put downward pressure on existing customers' rates. I mean, our objective from an ROE perspective is regular, predictable, sustainable, I think you'll continue to see it play out that way. Just to be clear, Julien, on the sales growth that we've laid out here, so this is roughly 6% in the long term for Southern that 9% number for Georgia Power, this is actually based on a more conservative view than what's in the IRP update because the IRP update had to put some degree of expectation for additional success from an economic development perspective so that we do stay ahead of this from a resource perspective. It's not a huge differential, but what it also kind of reinforces is as this continues to play out, those numbers have the potential to continue to go up.
Dan Tucker: No, nothing's changed in terms of what I believe the financial profile supports which, again, my objectives, I've said this before, I think our parent company being a BBB+, kind of the A category for all the utilities, I think the profile we see ahead of us fully supports that. The only thing that's changed is a slightly slower ramp-up in those metrics because of the incremental capital that we're deploying. But in terms of where we stand relative to any of our thresholds, it's several hundred basis points above any of those in every year, and every year improves.
Dan Tucker: Look, none of these regulatory outcomes will be -- they'll all be in the light of day. I think it will be clear what's approved and what's yet to be approved. I kind of laid out what we've included already, which is those combustion turbines and two very specific storage projects. And so I think we'll be able to provide color along the way. We'll certainly do more formal updates every year as we normally do, but I think there'll be interim opportunities. And the other interim opportunity that will continue to exist is we've remained extremely conservative when it comes to owning in renewables in any of our electric service territories. We also are very optimistic that, that will happen. And as that gets clarity, we'll make sure that, that's known as well.
Dan Tucker: Yes. Look, I think, Dave, what we've tried to imply is there certainly is upward potential here. We've remained incredibly conservative and measured in how we forecasted. We're not trying to get too far ahead of any regulatory processes. We'll get these decisions in April. We'll have a 2025 process. We believe there's more economic development activity that is likely to come to fruition. And so given all of that, it is certainly not unreasonable that our capital budget will continue to rise to serve that incremental load. And so there certainly could be upward using your words, pressure on that rate base.
Dan Tucker: If you think about where probably every utility company was a year ago, one of the greatest risks facing all of this was affordability. We see this as a tremendous opportunity to derisk our outlook.
Dan Tucker: Yes. So in terms of the change kind of planned versus plan, Jeremy, it's largely driven by the CapEx as well, right? I mean, ultimately, the parent company is funding Georgia Power's equity contribution. And while we're financing that partially with new equity through our plans, certainly -- it's certainly not all being funded directly with new shares. So there's incremental debt there. And then just the overall magnitude of the parent company issuances is largely driven by maturities. If you look a couple of pages beyond, there's, I think, over $5 billion worth of maturities in the same time period. So the amount that's kind of new money is much smaller.
Dan Tucker: Look, just in answering that, generally, Jeremy, I mean, and we've said this before, the IRA is going to position all of our electric utilities to be much more competitive in these self-build options when it comes to resources, whether or not it plays out in this particular RFP, or it's a subsequent RFP, or it's a customer-specific siding, those things will happen over time. But it's also likely a function of something later in the plan. So not a 2024, 2025, maybe not even 2026 kind of resource. We're talking really towards the back end of the plan where that becomes a real opportunity.
Dan Tucker: Yeah. It's a fair question, Durgesh. But this is where I want to stop short of getting ahead of any regulatory processes here. We've, kind of, characterized in terms of the megawatts that we've included that it's roughly 60% of the brick-and-mortar megawatts that were proposed. And so the best way for me to characterize it without getting ahead of anything is just say that the incremental capital associated with what we didn't include won't be lost in the rounding. It's a pretty meaningful number.
Dan Tucker: Yeah. I think what we've done with this update is pretty representative of how we think about additional opportunities. So we added $5 billion of capital of this plan, let's call that $1 billion a year on average. We've added roughly $350 million of equity every year. So that 35% to 40% range is representative of our consolidated equity ratio and represents pretty well what we think is necessary to maintain if not marginally improve, but really just maintain the credit profile that's already in a really good place.
Dan Tucker: Yes. So, what that $350 million represents is us turning on what we refer to as our internal plan. So, it's issuing new shares through our DRIP, through our 401(k), and that's about the run rate. And it just happens to match up pretty well with the needs associated with the $5 billion of incremental capital. We typically also maintain an at the market plan as flexibility. And so to the extent there's incremental CapEx that emerges, which again, is certainly reasonably possible given everything we've described, the ATM's the source that we'll tap into to help finance that.
Dan Tucker: Yes. No, that would be incremental. There's still no new rate-based solar included. So, we've remained conservative in terms of our projections there in the outlook. And hey, just going back, Andrew, real quickly to the equity question. Just to kind of point out since maybe it wasn't clear because we only put a three-year financing plan out there, yes, leaving the plans on every year. And on average, kind of the average increase to shares every year is a fraction of a percent. So, that's also kind of in the rounding.
Dan Tucker: Another terrific question. So, we had kind of alluded to the possibility of reevaluating the rate of dividend growth once we got Vogtle 4 into service, and kind of had -- we're kind of in a steady state and into the kind of below 70% somewhere. Given our current circumstances where were we are, in a place of issuing equity, perhaps one of the most efficient sources of equity is to remain modest in the way we continue to increase the dividend. So, I think for the foreseeable future, the trajectory we've been on is a reasonable expectation for the trajectory we'll remain on.
Dan Tucker: Yeah. And Anthony, what it appears a lot of these data centers are beginning to do is prioritize reliable, resilient service over many other things. That gives us the opportunity to price it appropriately for the benefit of everyone else.
Dan Tucker: Yes, Angie, it's a few things. Certainly, relative to where we were a year ago, and I think we've said this before, in a higher for longer environment, certainly, interest is a bigger headwind going forward. But the bigger dynamic in your question is around what we're actually investing in to serve this load or why we're investing. So keep in mind, the 6% for Southern Company sales growth and 9% for Georgia Power, that's kilowatt hour usage. That's the growth in the total kilowatt hours used. What we invest to do is serve the peaks. And so that looks a little different than the 24/7. We've got a lot of resources. We just may have to incrementally add resources to serve the peaks, and that's what you're seeing largely in the capital deployment. And net-net, we're comfortably in that 5% to 7% growth range.
Dan Tucker: Yes. And any changes in Illinois are modest, to be fair. I mean -- and the outcome there for us, while disappointing, also provided a bit of a road map as to how to be successful going forward in navigating that jurisdiction in terms of just the things we've got to make sure we do as we deploy capital. And keep in mind, a huge, vast majority of the capital that's deployed for Nicor Gas is compliance related. And so there's only so much to kind of not do in the first place.
Dan Tucker: Yes. Great question, Paul. So again, we were at 6% growth last year in rate base. We've added $5 billion of incremental capital to that. It's -- we kind of characterize it as approximately 6, but then also the shares we're issuing, and I think I mentioned this earlier, was that equates to a fraction of a percentage and it's kind of just in the rounding. We feel very comfortable that net-net, how all these things stack up is a conservative achievable forecast.
Dan Tucker: Yes. Yes, Travis. You did. And so again, our cadence of growth has been $0.08 per year for several years. I think it's reasonable to expect that to continue, of course, it's all subject to the Board's oversight and approval. But what that will do is take us during this high period of CapEx, which hopefully goes on for a very long period of time, brings us comfortably down into the 60s from a payout ratio perspective. And so that's a good place to be, and we'll evaluate it every year with what the forecast looks like and what's appropriate. Right now, I think the reasonable expectation is that continued modest growth, which is just below 3%.
Dan Tucker: Yes. There's certainly a relationship, I wouldn't call it a correlation, but to the extent we're building a new gas plant, certainly, that comes along with incremental O&M to the extent we're building new transmission distribution lines, there's some maintenance component to that. But that's also part of the cost structure that we're ensuring these new rates and revenues will cover such that the net result is the opportunity to put downward pressure on the existing rates.
Dan Tucker: Yes. And just as a nuance, all the costs associated with completing Vogtle 3 and 4 is a capital cost. And so those aren't O&M costs that are an opportunity to reduce.
Dan Tucker: Yeah. Look, on supply chain, I think we're in terrific shape, given our scale and just -- we've kind of seen this coming for a little while to the point where we can deploy the resources needed. On your peak question, we'll have to follow-up with you on that, Ryan. Just let's connect with the Investor Relations team and get you an answer then.
Dan Tucker: Yeah, there's some customer-sided programs that have been proposed in the IRP, Paul, that those are being evaluated and those serve the same purpose, but it's not the dynamic that you're describing in those other states.
Dan Tucker: Yes. It's fairly ratable, Paul. It's obviously not perfectly linear by any means. But that -- the significant load really begins to come in, in, say, late 2025 and into 2026, which is why a lot of the resource proposals you see at Georgia Power are to really serve the 2026-2027 winter peak to make sure they're in place for that, and then it continues to grow from there.
