Thomas A. Fanning: Thanks, Art. July 1 marks the one-year anniversary of our merger with the former AGL Resources, now, Southern Company Gas. As you know, this acquisition was a major step in a broader strategy to further expand our business in a meaningful way across the energy value chain. In fact, earlier this week, the Southern Company Gas placed the Dalton Pipeline in service. With all of its capacity under contract for 25 years, Dalton represents one-third of Southern Company Gas's newbuild mainstream infrastructure and is expected to contribute approximately $10 million per year to income. The integration of Southern Company Gas into our business has gone extremely well and the combined companies now serve more than 9 million customers nationwide, with a portfolio of premier, state-regulated utilities. Southern Company Gas is a great addition to our company and should contribute positively towards fulfilling our shareholder value proposition for a very long time. Before we open the call to your questions, I would like to respectfully remind everyone that we do not want to get ahead of the regulatory processes in any of our states, including the ongoing negotiations in Mississippi and the filing and consideration of our Vogtle Go/No Go recommendation in Georgia. Thank you in advance for your understanding. Operator, we are now ready to take your questions.
Thomas A. Fanning: Let's first do this. And I know people are going to be interested in comparing our situation to SCANA's. There are a host of differences between our project and the Summer project that SCANA and Santee Cooper recently canceled. It really is apples and oranges. For example, the commercial terms for the projects were very different, the EPC cost, the guarantee, the different regulatory processes they went through, the cost cap over there. So, it's really – I really want to resist kind of a reconciliation of where SCANA is relative to where we are. Stick with our numbers. The other thing that's important about our numbers, I really don't know the process SCANA went through in developing their estimate. I can tell you that not only did our on-site people work very hard to develop estimates, we brought in a variety of external parties including folks that had been involved in the recent nuclear completion projects at TVA as well as estimates from both Bechtel and Fluor. We feel confident in our estimates.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, Greg, I think what we're doing is working very closely collaboratively. I've often said in past years that our relationships with the staff, the Commissions is a continuous rather than discrete kind of relationship, so they've been briefed along the way. Further, we've been working hand-in-glove with our co-owners as we evaluate the different scenarios that we will consider. You should assume that we have considered the entire waterfront of options available to us and we've been pretty creative in pushing a lot of different ideas. I would expect that the results will converge on a single idea and we will provide that idea as a recommendation to the Georgia Public Service Commission sometime this month.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. That's part of the process I'd rather not get into. Let the Commission decide how they want to handle that.
Thomas A. Fanning: That's right. The base case assumes that we're building Vogtle. That's the case that was provided back in October.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. I mean, you should view the Commission to decide how and when it wants to make a decision, so let's be flexible there. I mean conceivably, they could make it really quickly or it could take time. The October payment, I think from Toshiba is an important milestone.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, there's a variety of issues underlying that and you should know that we evaluated building gas on the site relative or instead of finishing the new. So there's a whole host of issues. For example, it's not clear to me that where we did not go and pursue gas, that you would build gas at that site. We would need to build a rather lengthy pipeline and maybe other sites around Georgia that maybe more suitable for that. Adding the nuclear units give a much desired quality to the state's integrated resource plan that is fuel diversity. It is resilience to future carbon potential outcomes. I think there's a host of factors that would cause us to consider, if we decide to go forward, building new can feel very good about it. It's an important process to follow. I think the Commission has been very vocal about their desire for a reasonable outcome on nuclear. We already have a strong framework for recovery. We entered into that when we had the settlement agreement in the prudence proceeding. So we have a process that works, that process does not provide a cost cap to the extent that the capital costs are prudent. It only addresses return levels, cash, AFUDC. And then of course, once we clear those plants into service, they would leave that kind of settlement regime and revert back to the Georgia Power base rates. A lot of these things have been contemplated already. And I think from a political standpoint, from an operational standpoint, fuel diversity, a variety of other things, I believe that the state planning process is as evidenced by the integrated resource plans, that was discussed in 2016, I guess, approved in July, believe from the state of Georgia that nuclear is important. So while it is an option to build gas, I think on a lot of scenarios going forward with nuclear may make sense. Of course, we may decide not to and we'll see, but don't think about replacing the units with gas there. And one last point and this is a point frankly, I want to throw some kudos out to the current administration and Congress, boy, people don't say that very often these days. But let me tell you, as we have traveled around the globe, making sure that we get the best outcomes possible associated with the Toshiba Guarantee, with the Westinghouse portion, scope of the project, the Trump administration cabinet has been fantastic, whether it's been Rick Perry, Wilbur Ross, Mike Pence, any of those guys and their staffs have been exceedingly helpful in having us prosecute our interest here. Further in Congress, I'll say very clearly, folks like Kevin McCarthy, Kevin Brady were very helpful in getting a bill, Bipartisan Bill; Jim Clyburn, Nancy Pelosi and getting a bill out of Congress, out of the house anyway and we'll see where we'll go elsewhere in the Senate. So look, I'm sorry, Angie, I kind of rambled around on you. I think the issue really goes to, besides just straight economics and we think economics still favor – at least the economics we present will favor whatever we decide to do. Don't consider gas at the site as the right replacement. If we do a no-go, you'll build gas, but it'll be elsewhere.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes. I would argue that what investors, owners should look towards is number one, the generally constructive environment in Georgia. Number two, we have a framework in place that will provide for rates of return during the construction period, however long it is, and assuming you have a prolonged scenario, as you suggest, that once you finally complete that these assets will return to the normal Georgia rate regime for decades to come. It's interesting, you could make a short-term decision or you could make a long-term decision here. I think we're all trying to balance those two things and coming up with a recommendation with the Commission.
Thomas A. Fanning: And the data supports that we have been hitting just about the targets we want on a constant schedule here very recently as we've taken over the site.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes, virtually it's the same math. I would have grown it 5% and then reduce that $0.08 to $0.10 and that's where you are and then grow 5% there on.
Thomas A. Fanning: That's right, and recall, the way we've structured this agreement with Toshiba with respect to their Guarantee, when you think about this draw schedule, we think the riskiest payments are the ones further out, right? So what we've done is provided for the normal draw of the LC to backstop the furthest draws away from us right now to the extent they defaulted on this $300 million payment in October, we could accelerate the draw on the LC and take care of it that way.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes. I mean, I think you started to suggest, am I right. Best athletes will be available. In other words you're not going to stretch personnel resources, whether that's skilled craft labor, whether that's leadership in either a Fluor or Bechtel or anybody else that maybe brought to bear to the site. Certainly, with respect to the availability of PTCs, I expect that we'll be successful ultimately in Congress. They've all indicated a willingness to help. We just got a stuck-up procedurally with frankly, Obamacare and the Senate. So I think all those things will work to our benefit.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, and that's only during construction and what you would expect to see if we drew the line out for what we expect out of earnings per share in this 5% growth trajectory, that's a long-term growth trajectory. To the extent you're in one of those periods where you hit the 7% ROE or whatever, you would have kind of a drop in the earnings power of those assets for a period of time, but once you cleared the in-service, they would return back to the regular regime of Georgia Power. We believe that circumstance should it occur, would only occur post 2020 and would be like a year or two or whatever the circumstances warranted at that time.
Thomas A. Fanning: Ali, it's a good question. At this point, we haven't detailed what timing will be and we think they're unrelated.
Thomas A. Fanning: That's right, that's right. We've got a lot of disclosures going around, but we just have to pick the right time sometime in the second half.
Thomas A. Fanning: If you think about the $1 billion to $1.7 billion, it is additional, if you think about the timeframe in which they'll be realized, it's had really a modest impact.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. When we gave you the financial plan way back in October when we had our Analyst Day, we intentionally crafted our long-term growth rate on a conservative basis and we allowed for, under a variety of circumstances, wherever it may occur, some cushion, if you will, in terms of adverse impacts that may occur and still provide the long-term 5% growth rate, and that's what gave rise to this notion of resilience. So that has always existed. We believe that taking the gasifier off the playing field, so to speak, really leaves the Commission with pretty clear kind of evaluation. That is they're not dealing with a gasifier anymore. They're dealing with a combined cycle unit that has run among the best of any combined-cycle unit in the United States, E4, less than 1%, average E4 for combined cycles fixed or whatever it is, and it has served a tremendous amount of energy for the citizens of Mississippi since 2014. So what we're left with, I think in Mississippi is how does the Commission want to treat the company on a sustaining basis. We believe we should be treated fairly there.
Thomas A. Fanning: And all you're asking really I think comes down to having appropriate disclosure and everything else. So I mean, theoretically, you could issue equity before you have the decision in Georgia or not. You just have to make appropriate disclosures.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, every company is working through it right now, but the idea is kind of a modernization kind of thing, and what we would do is put greater intelligence in the wires, greater resilience into the transmission system, generating plants, more technology involved in customer service. For example, one of the things we've done recently at Georgia, just as an example, we did close down some human interfaces in some of the local towns, but we manifold increased the customer touch capability through technology, kiosks and other things. So frankly – and we found that customers, frankly, love that stuff. And, in fact, I want to say, Georgia Power this year was voted the number one most trusted utility, even after all of these rather profound changes in the way we approach customers. Likewise, all of our companies generally set the bar across the United States in terms of customer satisfaction. So the big trade, I would argue, is one in which we are likely, and this will probably take the form of capital for the most part, putting way more technology out there and making whatever adjustments we need to operating-wise. The other one, Michael, I would add and this kind of goes to my hat that you know I have for all the electric utility industry, co-ops, communities, and IOUs. On this whole cyber and physical security realm, I think it's real important, and this even reaches EPA and I made these arguments in the last administration. It's very clear that the resilience of our systems, whether its resilience to physical attributes or cyber-attacks, we really need to think differently about how to make sure that electricity flows and electronic commerce and the digital age is able to be undertaken. And my sense is, we need to think about resiliency not just in n-2 transmission standards but in standards that will provide cyber-protection that nobody has even thought about three years ago. And certainly, we are leading the way along with some of my other peer companies in things like machine-to-machine capital additions as opposed to human-to-machine defenses in the cyber realm. So there's a lot going on there. I think there's lots of opportunity to improve the delivery of our product and make it more resilient on behalf of our customers.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes. I would argue this is kind of an ongoing discussion. When we think about, I guess, the next rate case in Georgia will be 2019, Alabama has an annual process, Mississippi has PEP, Gulf just went through a process. These are the kinds of discussions that we have along the way. So you should view this again as a continuous process rather than discrete.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes, and there's a reduction at some point, $200 million or so, but the $700 million would remain outstanding for the balance of the draw schedule.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes. Without going beyond, kind of, we already have a rate settlement regime in place that established the recovery of the settlement cost plus a prudence evaluation. That remains in place and will cover I think all these questions. With respect to any of the details, the gives and takes along the way, let's not get ahead of the any kind of discussion we will have at the Commission. Let that process play out.
Thomas A. Fanning: It depends on what that looks like, how much recovery we had, all that other stuff. It really gets into the regulatory settlement process. So if you'll bear, give us forbearance here, let me defer that one.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, as we go a year or two from now, is if we're going to have the kind of credit quality that we're solving to, so go to your coverage ratio. As we produce on the 5% earnings per share growth rate, we have the dividend payout ratio that continues to improve. The growth rate of dividends at $0.08 a year, assuming the board stays with it. We believe there's every reason they will, but it's their decision at the end of the day. We would suggest that our payout ratio falls reasonably quickly into the mid-70%s and that's kind of what the company looks like. The old good Gordon model, we've talked about that one in the past, cash flow over K minus G. We're taking Kemper off the table. We are moving forward in a – I think a reasonably transparent way with Vogtle. So I would argue that K might drop a bit. G remains its size, and cash flow and the numerator looks like it's a pretty steady increase in the dividend growth rate over time. Remember what we did in '16 and why that is so important. That really gave us a steady ship in which to ride through sometimes these turbulent waters.
Thomas A. Fanning: Andy, the other thing that's just kind of fun to think about here is how much of our earnings are coming from our state-regulated utilities. Something like 96% came this quarter, 93% roughly of this mix between state regulated utilities came out of our electric side. We are still, as we were, a state-regulated dominant company. In the balance $0.09, so if you say $0.60, $0.70 kind of state-regulated, $0.09 came out of long-term energy infrastructure deals. So average contracts, I don't know, 14 years or so. So the nature of who we are, even after all the stuff we did in 2016 remains a very kind of low-beta proposition.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes, I would give you the same answer I've given in years past. Corporate M&A is extraordinarily hard, and you really have to have the right mix of chemicals in the sea in order for something to crawl up on the beach. We've always taken a disciplined approach. It would have to be accretive in a matter of months, not years. It would have to be at an acceptable credit profile. It would have to be consistent with our long-term strategy. I've been talking for years, gosh, I could remember even back when I was CFO, that we needed more exposure to gas infrastructure. I've never wanted exposure to the commodity. I want exposure to the things that move the commodity, and that's what we were able to execute. And when you think about the risk/return profile of AGL Resources and then the Kinder Morgan Sonat transaction, boy, those are right down our strike zone. And as you can see, not only they performed well, they've exceeded our expectations. But if we remain a state-regulated integrated utility with regular predictable sustainable earnings that give us regular, predictable, sustainable dividend per share, and you can see us follow through on that.
Thomas A. Fanning: So let me just kind of answer it holistically. In our view, when you think about abandoning Vogtle 3 and 4, there's really three moving pieces: one, deals with the potential for stranded cost, that is our investment to-date; the second deals with the value of the Toshiba guarantee; and the third, as you mentioned, deals with potential tax benefits. The other thing that remains is your long-term relationship with the state general assembly, the regulators, everything else, because when you abandon, you have nothing to show for the amount of money you've spent. If we go forward, we have a nuclear plant that will serve us for decades to come. But please understand, there has been no decision made and that decision will only be made when we reach a recommendation in conjunction with and collaboration with our co-owners and in collaboration with the PSC that has the final say.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, here's the issue. You should think about the equity we're talking about associated with Kemper, okay? That any incremental equity associated with finishing Vogtle 3 and 4 is well into the future.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, Ashar. The other issue that I think you have to consider with Southern is we're in an NOL position. So to the extent you get a tax benefit from cancellation, you won't see the incremental cash until after the NOL is expunged.
Thomas A. Fanning: I've been kind of pedantic and I hope I'm not driving people crazy, but the decision to go or no-go goes way beyond the presence of cash in the next few weeks. It's going to go into a host of economic factors and qualitative factors that really take effect for decades. So this is not 1 year or 2-year decision. This is a decades decision.
Thomas A. Fanning: I'd be kind of surprised. I'll let Art, jump in. What's different is the shape as opposed to the actual quantum of IRR.
Thomas A. Fanning: And what we said, remember, we weren't presuming a current state Go. What I suggested was that would be assumption back in October when we gave you the financial plan. So I mean, the answer is the same, but I didn't want to prejudice anybody judging as to what we were saying here. We've not made the call on Go/No-go, but even on a No-go situation, the current dividend policy is robust.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, we work very hard, Georgia Power works very hard as a co-owner. We've had a relationship with these folks for decades and we have a terrific relationship, among and between Oglethorpe and Miag and Dalton, and we work very hard to stay together on these issues and I feel confident we will.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, and what we'll do, we're going to have a lot more transparency. Obviously, we had to rely on our turnkey contractor Westinghouse and so we didn't get complete transparency. They had their own books and records, they kept. Now that we've been able to get in the middle of that, we've actually plotted out what we think their productivity rates were versus what we believe we're achieving now and what we think we can achieve. We have washed those assumptions through our external consultants Bechtel, Fluor, others. TVA personnel recently finished a nuclear plant. So we've already seen pretty dramatic improvements. I want to say it was something like 25% improvement this year in productivity and really ramping here, the best improvement has been the most recent improvement, the last four weeks and we'll provide a way to talk to you all our owners, as to how to communicate that productivity performance, obviously, as we're effective on schedule, that certainly has a bearing on being effective on cost and that will have an overall kind of aspect as to our success in hitting these numbers. Our near-term experience tells us that we can do a better job than Westinghouse should we decide to go down that road.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah, Jonathan. We haven't put together a filing yet. We haven't got a recommendation yet, but to answer the hypothetical, my sense is the single point would be a recommendation that is a dominant belief among us, the co-owners. And I think they won't surprise the Commission, the staff and everything else. Like I say, we have an ongoing kind of conversation about where we're going. It will include now the input of our major contractors. We'll have moved down the road with people like Bechtel, Fluor, however, we decide to construct that relationship. And I think we'll be more refined. I will not be prescriptive on this call, but I would estimate, I'm going to guess that we would still go with a range, but it might be a tighter range. We'll see.
Thomas A. Fanning: 2018 looks like 2017 used to look because remember, the incremental equity we're talking about is Kemper-related and the additional equity to the plan assuming we do a Go, occurs later.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yeah. I just want to thank everybody for the phone call. These have been tumultuous times for us all here and we appreciate you hanging with us through this turbulence, but we are moving through it. We built a plan that I think is robust into the future. The premise of this investment remains a low beta, regular, predictable, sustainable and we're able to, I think, deliver long-term earnings growth with an attractive dividend proposition for years to come. Thanks, everybody. We'll continue to work hard to get the best results possible. We appreciate your attendance.
Arthur P. Beattie: Angie, it's Art. I think it's also important to remember and Tom addressed this a little bit in his script, was that this is going to be an owner-led process through one or two major contractors where we're going to control the metrics of performance and we'll have immediate responsiveness to however that performance is going around the productivity of the asset. It's also important to remember where we are in the construction, the scope going forward is very clear. All the equipment and most major equipment is on-site already and so it's a matter of constructing the equipment that's already there on-site, so it merely becomes an instruction performance metric as we move forward. And that gives us a little more confidence as we look forward as to these timeframes.
Arthur P. Beattie: We don't think so, Steve. The $1 billion that we've outlined we think will cover the waterfront including all the businesses and use of third party tax equity for Southern Power.
Arthur P. Beattie: Well, it accounts for all the capital requirements that a Go decision would require. And obviously, that's going to be spread out over time.
Arthur P. Beattie: And it's really, it's not until post 2020 before you're even looking at spending over and above what our current plan already took into account.
Arthur P. Beattie: Well, yeah, let's add to the security package this notion of, so you have the LCs. We have a share of whatever proceeds come from the sale of Westinghouse out of bankruptcy. There also is a non-subordination agreement that would essentially preserve under many cases our subordinate position relative to the bank credit that already exists or that existed at Toshiba as of the date of the agreement. So we kind of have those three features, but you're right. There is an element that is uncovered in which we're essentially taking Toshiba credit risk. Now our idea was to front end load those exposures, so that in the near term, we think we'll know very quickly and get those behind us. So strategically, that's how we thought about the draw schedule and the rights to the sale of Westinghouse and the LC. There are always opportunities for the Commission and the company and the co-owners to evaluate off ramps, if conditions change materially. Say for example, Toshiba doesn't pay its $300 million, say there's an extreme force majeure event, the Commission always has the opportunity to evaluate best course forward.
Arthur P. Beattie: Yes, we do get equity credit and I believe that we have already issued a good amount of that – I can't remember the dollar amounts – earlier this year.
Arthur P. Beattie: Yes, Paul, we did answer the question before but they're unrelated. Remember, we've said the Vogtle need, if it's a go, would create more longer term equity needs than shorter term. So we view those as unrelated, whereas the equity needs this year would be addressing the Kemper write-offs.
Arthur P. Beattie: Paul, it's Art. Let me make sure you're clear as well. We've got the LOC as a mitigant and we also have the proceeds from the sale of Westinghouse out of bankruptcy that could potentially be a mitigant to that exposure as well.
Arthur P. Beattie: Andy, I'm going to guess, it's going to be in the high-30%s and that would be my guess right off the top of my head. But...
Arthur P. Beattie: Ashar, it could push it out another 1 year or 1.5 years before you actually get some cash, all of the cash associated with the No Go decision.
Arthur P. Beattie: Yeah, Praful. You're really getting ahead of the regulatory situation there as well as to how that would be treated. I think under a normal framework, it would be a reduction to rate base. However, there could be a number of different ways that you could go about treating that. And so I think it's a little early to be asking that question for us to give you any kind of direct guidance as this depends on the regulatory environment.
Arthur P. Beattie: Yeah, that's true. And the accounting for third-party tax equity, we would still capitalize the amount of the $1.5 billion a year, but we would have the third-party financing provide a good portion of that upfront. So it would mean less debt and equity from Southern's perspective. It would mean correspondingly less income, but the structure and framework of the income over the first five years is actually richer and actually contributes to our 5% EPS growth. So you're earning less income, but you're issuing less equity, but it still performs on our 5% growth path.
Arthur P. Beattie: No. No, they still all have to meet the hurdle rates that we established for that business given the risks associated with each specific project and including the impacts of third-party tax equity, that's the way we evaluate it.
Arthur P. Beattie: No. It doesn't include. Those are credits back to fuel at Georgia Power and aren't reflected in the capital cost at all. As you have nuclear generation, you get a credit for the amount of nuclear generation in the particular year up to a limit, and that's how that's accounted for as a benefit to customers. So it would be reflected in the ultimate price that your customer would pay and that's why they're important to us.
Arthur P. Beattie: Well, we're working with the rating agencies around all that and right now, they don't see any real problem with that, but discussions will continue as we move along as we always have discussion with rating agencies as things evolve.
Arthur P. Beattie: Yeah, that's one way to go about it. Certainly, those will be factors that we would help present to the Commission and help them in our recommendation.
Arthur P. Beattie: It could be somewhere in between but we'll update that when we outline our plan going forward. I think it will be a little more clear to everybody.
Arthur P. Beattie: Yeah. And remember Tom talked about exceeding the $5.68 billion, I think, is what we as $1 billion to $1.7 billion over there and we're not going to cross that line until 2019 or 2020. So...
