Thomas A. Fanning: Thanks, Art. In closing, I would like to extend a heartfelt thanks to our many employees who responded recently when devastating storms struck our neighbors in Florida and also in the Midwest and the mid-Atlantic regions. Even though our own service territories experienced damage from these same storms, we managed to dispatch nearly 1,800 workers to assist 10 utilities in the most severely affected areas. It's always awe inspiring to witness the pride and dedication exhibited by these crews, whether they're working in their own backyard or in some other parts of the country. That pride and dedication is the backbone of our business and expresses itself and the value we provide to customers year in and year out. At this point, we're ready to take questions. So, operator, we'll now take the first question.
Thomas A. Fanning: Dan, it's not clear. There is a procedure within the state, such that if the Supreme Court does not rule by 30 days, we get 1/2 of the rates under bond put into effect. And if they don't rule by 180 days, we get the full asking put into effect. But as to when the Supreme Court will rule, it's just not clear. We hope it is quick.
Thomas A. Fanning: No, you got it. Essentially, you change the fuel feed system, so you're going to change a cold feed into a gas feed. Burner tips obviously change, so the production modifications are not that significant. So capital costs associated with changing is not that big. You are, however, going to be using gas in a relatively inefficient manner, but recall, we're doing this in order to accommodate EPA's own kind of onerous schedule requirements. We think that in general, the heat rates of these units will be in the 10,000 to 11,000 range and will serve essentially as heat made as a peaking capacity.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes, look, over time, we'll transition these units out, so it's hard to say kind of when that will occur. When you look at kind of our expansion plan on generation right now with Vogtle 3 and 4, with Kemper County, with bringing the Miller units, recall we did that last year, back from wholesale into retail in Alabama, with the McDonough units at Georgia, and then I guess another third-party capacity purchases that Georgia PSC has undertaken this year, I guess that's about 1,000 megawatts, when you add all those together, that really speaks pretty well to our capacity needs, including these MATS transition issues through 2020. So you're really asking a question post 2020, we'll see.
Thomas A. Fanning: It's a state statute. It's state statute #77372. And the other thing that I just wanted to make sure everybody understands, when all this happened, 2 of the commissioners there, Leonard Bentz and Lynn Posey, came out with their own press releases. Let me just quote these guys. Bentz said, "It is imperative to understand that I believe that the IGCC Plant is the best option for the customers of Mississippi Power." He goes on to say some other things. And then Posey says, "I am still in support of the Kemper County plant and believe CWIP will ultimately save the ratepayer millions of dollars." The issue really arose with their reluctance to put CWIP in place while the other challenges in the state Supreme Court continued.
Thomas A. Fanning: If you look at the appendix, we have some stuff in there -- in the appendix, we show kind of how it is changing. And I would argue that kind of as time goes by, it's fascinating. So for the first half, we're kind of 45% gas and 38% coal. Recall, we kind of projected for the year kind of a 47-35 relationship. So for the year-to-date '12, we're pretty well there. Now what's interesting is, during the third quarter, you should expect the ratio to kind of flip back a little bit more centric on coal. That's because we still have a lot of kilowatt hours. And I was just looking at kind of late-breaking data, we may set a new peak today. We're going to come very close for a yearly peak today. So these are things that we're keeping our eye on. And as total demand increases as a percentage just because the capacity is there, we'll burn a little more coal. But we'll keep our eye on it. We still feel confident with the 47-35 relationship with gas to coal for the year.
Thomas A. Fanning: I would argue that is the dominant theme of any change. I mean, recall that, that commercial issue really arose kind of with the delay originally of the DCD, which kind of was 11 months long; and then ultimately, the delay of the COL as a result, which was, I forget, 7 months long. And so their claim kind of centers on that circumstance. And recall also that the construction period uses, as a trigger point, the DCD and the COL, so that kind of starts the clock on the contracts. So that really is the kind of commercial issue on discussion, who's responsible for the DCD delay and also, therefore, the COL delay. So my sense is, Steve, there really hasn't been anything material since then. We talked about rebar last time, and just to remind everybody, we did that intentionally to say that we will always have issues and we shouldn't measure success or failure based on the presence of issues and challenges, rather how well we find success paths to solve those challenges. Well, in fact, I think we've got one on rebar, and we don't believe that the rebar issue will be at all any kind of material effect on cost or schedule. We'll file a license amendment request, and we'll get that done expeditiously. So it's just one of those issues where we're going to work through it and continue to derive constructive results. So I would say now, going back to your original question, it probably will coincide with the resolution of the commercial claim with us in the consortium.
Thomas A. Fanning: No, I wouldn't think so. Look, I think our industrial growth is still pretty robust. We want to go through this math. If you adjusted for cogeneration and kind of the major plants that we knew were on sort of maintenance outages -- in fact, we've gotten some intelligence that one of the maintenance outages is going to result in greater consumption once they come out, they're actually expanding. We think industrial sales quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year would have been a little less than 1%.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes, yes. So if you look at weather-normal residential sales, you were 2.1%. And if we had to break that out between kind of increasing customers and then usage, you would get to a usage increase of about 1.6%. But you got to be careful in how you view that because we've been adding new customers, and especially, it seems like we're gaining momentum there a little bit. When you think about usage, let's think about kind of a couple of things. One, unemployment is coming down, jobs are showing up, and as a result of people getting more jobs, personal incomes rise and so you see a normal cause-and-effect relationship with usage. More money begets more consumption. Another issue that is important really goes to when the new customers arise and how we keep score here. Whenever you look inside a quarter, you've always got to kind of be careful as to the longer term implication to the annual trend or the sustaining trend. Say, for example, we get a new customer in March, so they come at the very end of the first quarter. It will show up as a new customer, but very little increase in usage because they've just joined us. In the second quarter, you won't see the new customer, you will see the new usage, and therefore, there's probably an effect tied up in that 1.5% or 1.6% increase in usage. It really is kind of the catch-up effect as we add new customers. So look, there's a variety of effects here. We're gratified with the trend. We think the increase in customers is something that will provide sustainable benefits down the road to our growth projections. And even as Art mentioned with his economic roundtable, if they expect 2%, and that's interesting in terms of GDP growth for the Southeast, we're still staying with our about 1.3% electricity sales growth for the year.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, that amount that you're referring to was the positive income impact. And recall also that sometimes the addition and subtraction -- the ebb and flow of customers is seasonal. So we think there's still reason to believe that we have good growth ahead of us here.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes, I'd be glad to provide you information. I remember at our recent Vogtle executive oversight meeting, Buzz Miller shows us essentially a schematic of work that continues in the nuclear island, even besides, the fact that we're working on a rebar. Now let's kind of go through the blow by blow a little bit as to what happened there. So in an inspection, we found that the configuration of the rebar along a particular wall was not per the DCD. We stopped work, we tried to figure out, along with the NRC, what the right path was. Recall, too, this is a new procedure that we're borrowing with. In the old days, you build a plant and then you had the NRC basically certify it. And now we have a design certified and we've got to build to the design. So this is a little bit of a new process for everybody to come along with. We thought that we had -- that really, Westinghouse Shaw had a design that was not going to require a license amendment. We're the licensee here, and one of the things we did was to send a letter to the NRC to basically seek clarity. You know that we have a conservative [indiscernible] towards these things, probably didn't need to do it, but we sought their oversight here to make sure that the changes that were being proposed met the NRC requirements. And so what we got back from the NRC was actually helpful, that is, that the NRC responded, in fact, we probably should pursue a LAR, a PAR, a license amendment request, preliminary amendment request. So we know now that we're building to the license and the path forward is as we've suggested. My sense is that with all the other work going on, this rebar issue is not critical path, and we do not believe this endorse to our cost responsibility in completing the plant.
Thomas A. Fanning: I'm a little reluctant to do that, but what's in my mind is a number of weeks, like 3 weeks, something like that. But that's all dependent upon how you get the license amendment request turned around. We hopefully will complete all the rebar by the fall of '12, but the weeks I'm talking about is the amendment request from the NRC. But we think that'll be turned around expeditiously.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, yes, that's my estimate now. [indiscernible], but that will be my best judgment as I sit here.
Thomas A. Fanning: So it's -- so at least in terms of kind of what we said before with respect to MATS, we said $2.7 billion. And then we -- as we got kind of the new rule, not the proposed rule, we said it could be between $0.5 billion or $1 billion less, and therefore, we said $1.7 billion to $2.2 billion. Well, sure enough, it ended up at $1.8 billion. When you think about the total amount of CapEx, it was $18.2 billion or $18.3 billion, and now we kind of think it's going to be $16.4 billion, $16.3 billion, somewhere in that realm.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well -- and in fact, that's why Art was very clear about the lack of equity needs over the next 2 years.
Thomas A. Fanning: A little more color, too. One of the effects you have to consider are the tornadoes that impacted Alabama. And we think the people stayed in the region, so what you see is kind of this interesting migration of people that may have been living with relatives or in temporary residences now moving either into multifamily homes or moving into primary residence looking homes. And another just data point that underlines what Art just told you, unsold housing inventory now is about 2.8% relative to kind of a normal level of about 2.3%. You may recall during the depths of the recession, we were in the 4s, so we're really making good progress on eating up that excess inventory.
Thomas A. Fanning: And in fact, I hear you've credited the Fed, I joined the board of the Atlanta Federal Reserve Bank, the multifamily housing sector is one of the fastest growing sectors in housing in the Southeast.
Thomas A. Fanning: And it's fascinating stuff. I mean, the value of our exporting has gone up 8% year-over-year, so that continues to be an interesting area. But I would say most of these businesses are adjusting off of because they will also talk about their fear of the continued malaise in Europe. And even though China has a 7% GDP growth, it's reduced from what everybody thought it was going to be. My sense is businesses in the Southeast are adjusting on the fly. We still benefit from the fact that even with potentially a stronger dollar -- but recall, we have our own challenges. We've got our own cliffs at the end of the year. We have our own fiscal challenges. It is not clear that we are inevitably heading towards a stronger dollar, perhaps we will against the euro, unclear about other worldwide currencies. I guess, people are watching this like they never have before and they are responding accordingly. At least we can stay in the Southeast, as we have in the past, but we have the prospects for a more robust economy given a business-friendly climate, willing and able workforce, et cetera. So we'll see.
Thomas A. Fanning: And I would like to -- as I said, Art and I obsessively compare for this call and everything else, we would like to look for kind of interesting relationships of data. And one of the things that we were just looking at, kind of that's true for the quarter, true for the year-to-date, it looks like 2011 year-to-date and for the quarter had much more favorable weather from an earnings standpoint than did 2012. And it completely masks kind of the increase so far we've seen from customers, usage and the revenue increases that we've seen through regulatory processes. So if you just look at it, year-to-date, we've increased on a cents per share basis $0.13 out of customers' usage and other revenues. Weather was negative $0.14. My sense is, as we go through the rest of the year, if weather is nearly the same as last year, you'll start to see the power of the earnings capability through the regulatory mechanisms and improvements in customers and usage come to bear.
Thomas A. Fanning: Yes, I always laugh about this because we're just remarkably consistent here, and you guys could probably get the same speech I'm going to give, but I'm going to give it anyway. Our view is it is part of our fiduciary responsibility to always seek ways to accrete to shareholder value. We think about M&A as a how, not a what. The "what" would be that we like our integrated regulated business model even in the competitive generation business, we structure it with long-term bilateral contracts of creditworthy counterparties not taking fuel risks in order to essentially replicate the model that we like that avails our customers, our shareholders with essentially -- our customers with reliable electricity at low prices and the best service possible, and our shareholders with reasonable returns with the lowest risk profile as possible. That serves us, we think, awfully well. During Franklin's tenure, even when I was head of strategy, we coined the phrase, "The business we know, with the place we know, with the customers we know." We really do like and believe in our model and think it serves our customers and shareholders exceedingly well. Now we always do look to seek ways to improve it, and that is an ongoing responsibility of management and we continue to do that. But I would just remind everybody, when you look at our track record over almost any time frame, our stand-alone proposition is awfully strong, so we're always looking for ways to improve upon an already strong value proposition.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, obviously, I think having given you the generality, we won't comment on any specific situation.
Thomas A. Fanning: I don't have that in front of me. You guys may be able to deliver. But it's -- the numbers I have in my head would be on a dollar per KW basis. You're going to look at a new plant like 4,500. Kemper was like 4,200, but I think that's a $14 billion number for the nuke and a $2.4 billion number. So it's going to be slightly higher than that. We went through this math last night. We will be able to get it to you later. That is kind of the number that -- what I've always said is it's a sad thing about Kemper, it's a coal plant that has an environmental profile better than natural gas and has an economic profile roughly equivalent to a nuclear plant, and I think that's what that slide shows you. That's how it will dispatch.
Thomas A. Fanning: So, Michael, the way you ought to think about our relationship with the independent monitor and the staff and even the commission, it is continuous and not discrete. We have an exceedingly transparent process as we go through this effort together. So that's point one. Point two really goes back to Fleishman's question. When you think about kind of the major factors that could impact cost and schedule, I guess we have arrived all the time kind of commercial issues that we deal with and have settled and continue to deal with. It's just this one, this $800 million claim by the consortium against all of the owners, that's kind of gotten the most interest by people. Now obviously, we've already disclosed that we dispute the claim and all that. But I would argue that as we settle the commercial difference that we have with the consortium, if there is a change in the cost or schedule, it would likely be in association with that settlement.
Thomas A. Fanning: If I'll just add to that, the change in CapEx through this 3-year period, you almost can't see the difference. It's -- over time, you'll start to see more, but in the near term, it -- the ones don't hardly matter. And remember, we're not going to be issuing -- we'll be issuing less equity as we have less CapEx, so that kind of offset some of the effects. We're very comfortable with the range.
Thomas A. Fanning: The Public Service Commission basically argued against the base -- I mean, the rates under bond just to reject the interim issue. All they're doing -- and it was very brief, there wasn't any kind of associated testimony or underlying facts or whatever. It was really just kind of restating the conclusion that they reached when they decided to defer the inclusion of CWIP rates until the state Supreme Court issue related to certification was settled. It was just that they didn't feel like they should put in CWIP until the issue with the Supreme Court was resolved.
Thomas A. Fanning: I can't speak as to what was in their minds. We were surprised by this vote because if you think about it, when the plan was originally certified in the new order, it all contemplated having CWIP. The legislation that was passed in Mississippi contemplated CWIP. We think CWIP is warranted for a project of this magnitude.
Thomas A. Fanning: Well, okay, so this is my opinion. I don't believe there's an issue there at all. I think when you look back at the testimony, when we decided to go forward with this plant, a lot of what Mississippi was concerned with was fuel diversity. If they had not built this plant, they would have been relying much more on natural gas. And we all know that, that is a higher beta energy policy, if you will. We've already seen some volatility in natural gas prices. Even though they're historically low, they're now creeping to about $3 per million BTU. And it's interesting there, since I've been out there in the weekend interview on The Wall Street Journal and some of the other speeches I've been giving lately, I think more and more people are realizing that while it's a wonderful circumstance we find ourselves in to have cheap natural gas, it's not hard to come up with data. I would argue that -- and if you want me to, I'll go through this, but I'll save it if you don't. It's not hard to say that you could go from an average daily consumption of natural gas in the United States from, say, a 67 million Bcf -- I mean, 67 Bcf per day to something well over 100. It's not far a put to get there.
Thomas A. Fanning: And let me just add my own color here too. And Art said deliberate. I would add, it's not just deliberate in terms of slow and pedantic in style, it is new, and that really goes to these notions of project finance on a corporate finance deal that doesn't make sense and unnecessarily burdens our financial integrity and financial flexibility. We are making good progress. We are working through, and we're very hopeful that we can get all this done, but time will tell.
Thomas A. Fanning: What we always do is we'll update you at end of the third quarter. You know the third quarter is so important to our earnings profile. And so far, we have reasonable weather in July. The one thing I would just point you to is that kind of interesting data profile I gave you for the first 6 months, and that is when you look at customers and usage and also the revenue changes we've had in some of our jurisdictions, that was up $0.13 in the first 6 months. Now year-over-year comparisons, we were down $0.14. So, so far, for the first 6 months, the adverse comparisons on weather have basically wiped away the other positive earnings profiles that we've been able to show. So far, if you look at the last 6 months of the year, if weather is the same -- and actually we had a mild fourth quarter in 2011, but if weather is the same for the next 6 months and you'll see the power of these new earnings profiles, new customers usage, et cetera, come to bear. So obviously, we'll update this later, but I think that's kind of interesting profiles, including what Art told you.
Thomas A. Fanning: And then you go to the economic development thing as you start to build out Airbus and a variety of other things, Caterpillar.
Thomas A. Fanning: I just want to say thank you all so much for joining us here this afternoon. It's always a pleasure to chat about the business. And we see a bright future ahead for the rest of this year and look forward to chatting with you about it in the months to come. Thanks for joining us.
Art P. Beattie: Well, Jim, this is Art. Obviously, in the paper segment, you're going to see more of that than anywhere else. They're beginning to use a little more natural gas in that self-generation. It's an economic decision for them. In terms of size of that, I don't have any. I can get back to you with some of that, but I don't have any data at hand to talk about megawatts and how many are being impacted. But that's a normal operation that we would expect with companies like that.
Art P. Beattie: Yes, we've done a little more research on that, and it appears that we've got a good mix of maybe some homes that have been foreclosed that had meters removed from the premises that have now been reinstalled and sold. The inventory of unsold homes is down in Atlanta, and that's a reflection, we think, of that fact. That is also supported by the fact that most of the 20,000 customers, 60% of them are in Georgia, about 25% in Alabama and the remainder would be in Gulf and Mississippi. So it's not just one state, it's across the system that we're seeing this increase in customers.
Art P. Beattie: And, Mark, I guess one other element of that is we saw some multifamily additions as well, so it's not just new homes, it's some new apartments. And we're just surmising that folks that we're doubling up before are now creating new households and that's begun to take shape.
Art P. Beattie: That's a good question, but it's not one that we discussed at the meeting. It didn't come up amongst the economists or the chemical folks who would probably be exporting a lot of their goods with this low natural gas price. They were more concerned with global demand and where that was going. Especially in China and South America were more of their concerns. But obviously, the dollar is a factor that they will have to keep up with. And about 25% of the goods in the Southeast are, we think, are going toward -- the value of that is going to exports. So it will impact the Southeast.
Art P. Beattie: Yes, Ali, it's -- if you look at the revenue effects in 3 of the 4 operating companies, those certainly offset the weather that we had compared to last year. Nonfuel O&M was a piece of that as well as we were able to -- even on a year-over-year basis, O&M were up, but on our expected basis, we reduced a good bit of that. I think on a year-to-date basis, we're some $100 million below our original expectation there, so we've done quite a lot to drive those numbers.
Art P. Beattie: Ali, I believe the number that we're looking at is going to run at 6% to 7%. Remember, that's adjusted in the short run. Those projects wouldn't come online until '14, '15, so -- and recall that rate-based growth is lumpy, so you're going to see it occur in spurts rather than evenly over time.
Art P. Beattie: Yes, the base is our current range of guidance for this year of $2.58 to $2.70. Grow the top end of that by 7, grow the bottom of that by 4. And that, over the next 3 years, would describe the growth in earnings range that we see as possible within the model. With the change in CapEx, remember that, that would probably only affect some AFUDC during the 3-year time frame, so we still see it as possible with a strong economy, with supportive weather. And with Southern Power having the opportunity to do more as well, we still see that range as being reflective of possibilities for earnings growth.
Art P. Beattie: Yes, that remains unchanged. That was the original forecast we put together. And we update that. We'll update you in January of next year, about 2013.
Art P. Beattie: Yes, Paul, this is Art. As Tom kind of explained in the script, ever since Solyndra occurred, the DOE has gotten much more deliberate in its negotiations around terms and conditions of these loans. The conditional agreement that we had with them was around a corporate finance perspective, and where they are going is more towards a project finance-oriented terms and conditions. And some of the requirements that they have outlined for us are things that may increase cost to customers. And we're simply saying that at -- the bottom line for us here will be value to customers. We're not going to do anything to jeopardize the value of those elements that we represent. So that's kind of the bottom line that we'll use to measure as to whether or not we pursue these to final resolution or whether we bypass them and just go the credit markets for the capital.
Art P. Beattie: There were some ongoing normal routine kind of adjustments through some reserves, but these are normal recurring kind of things. Sometimes they move positive, sometimes they move negative. Our effective tax rate was 34%, so it's pretty stable as well in the second quarter.
Art P. Beattie: Well, Andy, there's lots of moving parts in there. As I mentioned earlier, it's going to take weather, it's going to take a strong economy, it's going to depend on the O&M flexibility we have within those same time frames. So yes, it's difficult to isolate one variable and make a -- and give you an answer on that.
Art P. Beattie: Yes, Ashar, hold on a sec, I got something here to help me. We look at the revenue effects that you saw through the second quarter, those will continue into the third quarter at -- that's at Georgia, Alabama and Gulf. You should have some additional help from Southern Power as they picked up some new contracts this year around Nacogdoches and with Cleveland County. And they should be additive in the second half of the year. We continue to have O&M initiatives, which we think may add as well. And I think growth may be an add or dependent upon how our commercial and residential numbers look in the third and fourth quarter.
Art P. Beattie: So let's see. We're at about $300 million ahead, so I would estimate that $300 million is probably some refinancing opportunities that we took advantage of.
Art P. Beattie: We still have a number of other issues that are candidates, possible candidates, potential candidates, for refunding. But what we've outlined to you is either maturities or new money needed to finance the ongoing needs of the construction program in our business.
Art P. Beattie: Yes, I believe it's just refinancing opportunities. Now if it can reduce CapEx, you may see some reduction in the second half, so we'll see.
Art P. Beattie: The segments that were down for us, the biggest one that -- I don't have it in front of me, but it is paper, and that I believe we covered that in our information around self-generation. They've opted to self-generate with the low price of natural gas. The others -- hold on just a second. Paper was down. The military bases were down. That may be somewhat weather-related there. And textiles, which is really housing-related, is down about 10%. So those are the biggest elements of the negatives amongst the industrial segments.
Art P. Beattie: Yes, if you look at transportation, auto production, they've added new ships to their production lines, so it depends upon how that demand relates to that. The pipelines, there was a new pipeline customer in Gulf, in our Florida Panhandle, so that would be an additive customer that would help that number to be positive through the rest of this year.
Dan Jenkins: I had a couple of questions, first related to your update to the financing plan and first focusing on 2012, that's up quite a bit from what you issued earlier. And I was curious how much of that is just, let's say, additional refinancing or callable debt that you did versus new net issuance versus the original plan.
Dan Jenkins: Any refinancing wouldn't add to the net issuance, that would only -- because what you retired would subtract and what you issued would add and then it would net up to 0. So I guess -- so is that the entire reason for the increase in 2012 versus the 35.50 that you...
Dan Jenkins: And then just to follow up on -- earlier on your -- when you were asked about the marginal cost versus the all-in costs for those new facilities, I'd be interested in that information as well.
