Paul Bowers: This is Paul Bowers, CEO at Georgia Power. So many of you already had some conversations today with us about that settlement in page 24 in your book you’ll see an online of what that really means. It reemphasize what Tom said about the constructive regulatory environment, trying to de-risk, if you will, the future of Vogtle construction as we go through the process. Go back to last year. We had the litigation, settled the litigation, which gave us the opportunity to have a conversation with Public Service Commission in George about prudence. Going through the last nine months or so, we were able to have an agreement with staff that is outlined on our page 24, which really gives you some idea of what we’re going to do with this plan associated with the additional calls, and associated with $1 billion. So that really has de-risked, given there’s certainty about what we want to do with this plan.
Paul Bowers: So the commission will -- the staff has made the recommendation to commissioners while take it up hopefully before the end of the year, and vote on stipulation.
Paul Bowers: So, Barry, when you look at the ash pond programs specifically for Georgia. We had a 29 ash ponds of which all want be regulated by the state EPD, which gives more stringent regulation regime and they have on the national level. National level what is that 18 of our ash ponds have been regulated now it’s not. Our regulatory standpoint think about cost compliance, you have stay through that’s allow you to comply or you have to comply an allocate costs back in turn to recovery. It is Federal Trade Commission for those things or happening. We are removing all the ash located next upon in rivers or one away from rivers and we also or putting the advance engineering technology to ensure no ground source water to go down strain, so we’re contain from an advance engineering.
Tom Fanning: And let’s reinforce the head line on Vogtle that we are relentless about. It is the notion that when that plant was ordered to be built, we thought it would be a 12% price increase. We still believe that it's going to be somewhere at the end of the day, a 6% to 7% pricing.
Tom Fanning: And we’ve gotten the litigation settled. We’ve got an increased cost associated with that litigation approved. Well, not approved yet, recommended to be approved by the commission.
Tom Fanning: Thank you, Paul. Steve Kuczynski, runs in my opinion the best nuclear fleet in America now. Steve, tell us about the progress on 3 and 4.
Tom Fanning: Fantastic, thanks for that. Acquisition of PowerSecure, so you've seen the material, I’ve always asked -- one person ask me, why are you talking about PowerSecure if it's so small? Interesting, how much secure is this window on the world? And we thought it was an important small but important bet, nevertheless, for us to make. And that is I'm not just going to let these sales erode, 0% to 1% is what's robust in this model. So, what we do? What PowerSecure has been so far, I call it, distributed infrastructure, broadly. So, it's been distributed generation. They do things in a proprietary way in terms of back-up generation, in terms of variety of products and services, including storage proprietary. They do a terrific job. The thing that we were so attracted to with PowerSecure is they have built a book of business with 200 firms, many of which want to remain secret, particularly with respect to proprietary technology and what's on campus, so that they maintain a commercial advantage. Anywhere these guys have gone, they've gotten repeat business. They have built a following among the finest companies in America, especially those with pristine reliability requirements that we think gives us the ability to reproduce in a sustainable way. And then it's not just distributed generation, it goes to things like energy efficiency, and broadly, utility infrastructure, micro grids, all kinds of things. So, what they needed, they were a publicly traded company, successful. They needed somebody big. One of the things Southern Company has done so well for so long I go back to customer satisfaction. Our key accounts team has been voted regularly among the best in the United States. These are our very biggest customers. And by the way, we can take now PowerSecure and link them with our key accounts and take this business anywhere in the United States. And by striking it, strategic relationship with somebody like Bloom, son of a gun, we can put Bloom generators over here and we can build a book of business now with your storage technology. And by the way now we can expand that to the full range of what is distributed infrastructure. And we will do all of that under long-term bilateral contract, taking no fuel risk, taking no transmission risk, building a book of business very similar to what we've done at Southern Power, just little miniature little deals. We think this is exciting. And I just mentioned Bloom, depth to breadth. It's been a terrific business so far. It's very small to us, right now. But think out it as a cheap option for the future in a way that beats what maybe eroding sales in this whole industry. And so I finish with this slide. And I love this. Value is a function of risk and return. This is my belief, so this is not fact. It is a belief. Southern Company has traded at a premium, whereas until we started on the Vogtle plant and the Kemper plant. So it's not going to be traded at a PE premium for a long time. And I understand with the proceed risk associated with Vogtle and Kemper, and a variety of other things we were facing, I think you can see that we can make the case that not only, and I talked oh gosh, and remember how I talked about the flattening earnings curve. And remember I use the expression the debt, the debit has been filled in, the curve has been raise. Many of the important risk factors around our big transactions have moved away. So I am still remain, I didn’t miss that. But when you look at the predominance of our story, it is inescapable in my opinion that risk is reduced in this Company significantly. And then you look at return. And now we are not three to four, we are not four to five, we are five, and that’s not point estimate. I understand it's going to vary around five. I get that. But from a risk return standpoint, value in our PE premium should be restored, that’s my opinion. My job is to show results to you where you’re going to bet on it dependably. But I think we’re there. And I think we’re moving forward in a constructive way. So thank you. What I am going to do now is turnover to a series of presentations to my teammates here. I guess first is, Mark Crosswhite, CEO of Alabama Power, Stan Connally, CEO of Gulf Power, and they will talk to you about the integrated regulated business. Go get him, Phil
Tom Fanning: Well, that wraps up our portion. There is a short change of plan. I think we're going to have a brief break. And here comes the break-master right here to tell us what we're going to do.
Tom Fanning: Yes, it's really just the notion that we have added there we are now we've been exceedingly hyper active in 2016. We have added that hangs together from a logic standpoint but the strategy I think is clear this energy infrastructure business that we are in as you've heard. When you look at it and you go and got it makes sense transparent and if anything with improved growth we've reduced risk, we're moving forward. I think that business is terrific when you look at our business model there is very little kind of new big placeholders in order to achieve. We really do have this now there is risk around it, I admit it. But that business model works I'm very proud of it.
Tom Fanning: In round numbers you read about a 100 basis points onto it as compared to an integrative regulator return.
Tom Fanning: Every project has a unique hurdle rate. So don’t go and thinking that it’s one number. I’m giving you, for the portfolio, it’s about 100 basis points ROE as compared to the traditional electric utility business.
Tom Fanning: Just what Buzz showed you? It would be somewhere. We think Southern Power is going to be what somewhere between 300 million, $330 million? Where’d Buzz go? And remember what we told you at other earnings call. When we show this enormous growth and ’16 CapEx is 4.4 billion, a big number. We said a lot of dedicated to ’17, that’s what just seeing. That’s why we don’t have the dividend anymore.
Tom Fanning: And in fact when you look at the growth of Southern Power and we expected the 1.5 billion deployment every year, it’s a nice ratable increase. We work very hard to make this thing in the fashion that we building our business model. In fact, both our businesses are. Southern Gas is the same way. If you really want to think about caveman kind of math, you’ve got a slug of capital at the growth business there and a slug of capital at the growth business there and that’s the way it works.
Tom Fanning: So right now, Anthony Wilson, where are you? Anthony right there, CEO of Mississippi Power. He can talk to you a little bit. We have already started some conversations. Remember, our relationship with virtually everybody we touches kind of real not discrete is continues. So we’ve already started, so I don’t want to front run a lot of stuff, but I would argue that this plan, I almost liken it to women’s gymnastics and the balance beam. It’s kind of hard to not this plan also balancing. I think this plan is robust to reasonable outcomes. Let’s get Greg and then, Ali, we will come to you.
Tom Fanning: Point there is we're not everything that everybody especially we go scale, we go to people that we can repeat the business model particularly focused on the quality of the power sales contracts in permitting.
Tom Fanning: Let me give you the steps, in terms of -- I don't want to front run any rate case, we're going to file a rate case that when we'll file it, we'll describe it to you. Before we thought I really don't want to go there Craig [ph]. And what they've said so, they're really pretty clear, our estimate as we disclosed, our best estimate of COD and service as the end of November, we're producing electricity out of A; B comes online. We think we've learned a lot and A we'll move B through the add to gas clean up system, deliver syngas to the turbines. The turbines are actually running great on syngas and they actually blended it, we've run at 100% syngas, we do now all sorts of testing right now, so it's really going well. Our best belief is November 30th, I mean they can slide a week or two or whatever but the unknown is unknown as what we've always said to you. Assuming everything works our best gas at November 30th. Close on, we'll file essentially in accounting order that will us to defer cost from COD to final rates in place. It will defer cost and essentially create and accounting, we will do that with a commission. And then we want to demonstrate unlike some other kind of circumstances, we actually want to demonstrate performance on these units. So that when we do file and when we finally get an outcome, we can show that this thing works, used and useful. I think it's really important and I think we are going to be able to demonstrate that.
Tom Fanning: It's really pretty way below overtime and that’s what gives us great confidence about this. It's about 5% growth rate all the way through.
Tom Fanning: And here it's interesting about that growth rate when you look at that CapEx recall, whenever I just say about that are flattening EPS growth rate there was the debit I talked about all that’s gone, we have eliminated the debits, we have lose the curve off by investing in a growth business in gas and growth business in Southern Power, we have an newly especially in Sonat and we have growth opportunities on top of that. Anything material beyond what we are saying is in this plan and that was low response to the clean power plant at there. That’s amazing stuff. No kind of big assessment on some brand new environmental regulation which could occur depending on what administration comes in. We have got Southern Power at 1.5 billion. We just did a 4.5 billion. I actually feel good about where we are and would incorporate the slowing growth factor the CapEx is anything other than the absence of the response between power plant wouldn’t surprise me at all and in the future 2021, who know that we have a cleaning power plant and that was going to have to start adding from gas particularly in response of that. But it's not in the plan.
Tom Fanning: Yes, you know I have answered the M&A question, things like for 100 years and the M&A question remains the same, what fundament of this plan is it doesn’t depend on anything like that. And so as we have said before we are big easier shop and then order for us to do any sort of acquisition is got to make sense from cost of capital and return on capital. This plan doesn’t need anything new now, we have suggested around the Sonat acquisition and our specific assets that we are considering we will see how that goes, we haven't really talked about that much ourselves. But that’s not an enormous big deal at least a size that we think is easily adjust and if it doesn’t happens we are still okay. In terms of other new deals, I think all we have done when you look at that asset, we created optionality. We are no more or less interested in M&A than we were before. And when you think about 2016 it looks like that there was a flurry of activity, it’s just so happen the opportunities arriving and down there they were. The one little bit of quick mover was AGL, the pipeline we’ve been talking about for about two years, and really it was interesting we could have continued on that course, but when AGL happen that gave us even a better set of cards in which to deal with pipeline transactions because now we move from the third or fourth largest consumer natural gas, now to the most important natural gas company in the United States I think. Now, PowerSecure is another one, in this PowerSecure again was not material in my sense excepted with strategically was important because when we started again looking at these kind of slowing and flagging sales of electricity, we can either just let it happen or try and play it off it. And I swear to you, I think our business model will make perfect sense on the customer premises, the customer don’t want to get involve in our business we think there is terrific capital deployment opportunity by marrying with these guys is, with customer reach oh and by the way when we did AGL natural set of company gas we doubled our customer reach. So, now we’re 4.5 million to 9 million. And they procure natural gas. You know what balloon uses natural gas and so have Southern Power, you have synergy with gas and then you have the reputation of financial and integrity of Southern Company. And channel count reach, there is tremendous synergies potential. Southern PowerSecure is no big right now, but it is a terrific valuable option. Yes, Andy.
Tom Fanning: Remember I describe Sonat as an annuity, what it looks like. But remember I said it’s an annuity that has an option for future growth that’s how I alluded to Sonat. So, most of the otherwise intrinsic growth is coming out of safety related pipeline replacement program.
Tom Fanning: But it is pretty clear the operating headers are going at much slower rate and math is really pretty simple if you backend in the manner they are going slower now what is excellent is this response to the clean power plant Clean Power Plan. Pretty clear to me that the generation portfolio of America will change and we’ll just see how that goes, don’t want to front run how that’s going to happen certainly not in front of this political season. But there again, if you start seeing things like cash generation showing up in the 20s at this place otherwise either eroding or slow growing base load or CTs necessary to meet intermittency, it appears to me gas is going to have to grow. That’s not in the plan.
Tom Fanning: Look, I think as we move through the start-up process, as we not over dominate normally expected to start-up process, we think it moves beautifully. Like for example when A went through the asset gas cleanout system, remember that was one of the big issue went through it right away, went through it first time. Look, I think we’re going to be able to demonstrate using useful very easily. This plant is going to work, it is working. And so now we get B on and we integrate. Remember what we always said the first things hasn’t been as much as an issue, we’re only talk this is years ago and how one of the big risk with enormous plan was the integration of a whole lot of different systems. Now we were combined segment three different systems, this one has something like ’14. So they’re being integrated, actually that’s going very well expected. I think the used and useful collection is going to be demonstrated in between DOD and when we file the rate case and actually through the rate case. It will continue to improve it performance, I think pretty dramatically over the year, we’ll be able to demonstrate that this during that time frame. I think we’ll be able to demonstrate that, I think we follow data around availability and other things. Kim could tell you more about that. But if you want, you look at the file and we just made an informational filing, Anthony here a couple weeks ago, we’ll be able to demonstrate. Now with respect to the energy, the energy is variable and it depends on whole host of factors included in the off take of what is CO2 valued at, remember that valued at index of the price of oil. And I think in the past and other earnings call, I don’t see any reason why this is change. But at 100 bucks of barrel, I think this thing was ordered, I think we produced energy in the low $1, $1.25 something like that. With oil at around 50 bucks, I seem to remember was about 260, 270 per million BTU. Now natural gas, so here the other thing, the energy that comes off of Kemper is going to be much more stable. It’s not going to be as volatile as natural gas. We are already seeing natural gas pop up. What’s the latest? So you tell me, there is the host of factors selling forward.
Tom Fanning: Sure, engineer thing engineers. There's really kind of two things. Along the vein and in fact a lot of, a lot of, many of the cost increases we've had along the way through construction which improved on the original design. Or I would say put a valve here or I would say had another duplicative system over here. So, along the way we had added to the process. They've identified things right now that we believe we will add even after COD and before filing or even into the next year. It's just different things and really the idea is kind of two fold, one is to improve the immediate performance of the plant, really going to Paul's question, that goes to what would be the availability out of the box and how can we perform it? And the second point really goes to a sustainable question. Whenever you have a prop for example we tripped the gas turbine over the weekend, well it wasn't because it wasn't running well, and since here we're going through a bunch of regime of tests, that we switched between -- remember this could be a dual field plan, and we switched between syngas and natural gas, blah, blah, blah, blah, and when we switched to natural gas, it trips some logic and the computer code, okay, so we take it down, fix it and improve it. Other things we can do along the way that less than the frequency of those kinds of events. That's what we're talking about.
Tom Fanning: We have included we think reasonable estimates around all these things in our plant and we think our plan is robust to any reasonable outcome that we can see.
Tom Fanning: I think it's a reasonable number. The ebbs and flows around that number, the pluses and minuses. So, in the last two years, we did 2.5 billion and 4.5 billion round numbers and now we're going to down to 1.5 billion, well. Could we do more? Sure. It kind of goes to some of the other questions people raised and that is, what is the IRR that's available out there? Under what conditions can you do it? Will there be opportunities, bigger than a 1.5 billion? Sure. Which ones do we want to do? We're in a carry forward position on tax credits, that's no secret. And so we always have to assess our IRRs for any project based on the time weighted value of cash flow. We think the best estimate we have right now is a 1.5 billion per year going forward. And that's what we've got in the model. If there's something upside to that, yes, potentially we'll see. Are there downsides to that? Sure. But that's what we think is a right number.
Tom Fanning: Absolutely, okay this is not the -- we are do about this a little bit. Who was it somebody in summer we got to recapture the word service, okay. But when we take it my having had the scarves of the SO energy services business that is not what we are doing. Now PowerSecure provides terrific service to customers, all right. I am down plating services but these are not split to say is deal. This is not some crazy variable boy I hope it works kind of same. This is return on and return of capital we covered over the life of the contract with minimal to know few risk. It's not the old ESCOs of the 80s, and 90s, okay, not what it is. This is a program that we are putting place that will replicate what we are doing in Southern Power, it is energy infrastructure in this case it is distributed energy infrastructure.
Tom Fanning: And I know we are talking a lot of that that show it's a strategic option, this is now a big player right now in Southern Company's earnings. But we think with the way of technology is revolving, we think the way customers behaving, energy infrastructure on their premises we think maybe particularly important, this is our small bid, our options on playing more and more offset otherwise low sale.
Tom Fanning: I don’t think, so I think, the State of Georgia has been terrific through this whole process. Really I have Obama Administration and Congress for haven’t say. Department of energy have our new that Ernie Moniz who is the best Energy Statutory we’ve ever had. They have been resolute in supporting Vogtle through with construction and I think we’ll continue to have a good showing there. I think whether it is Clinton or Trump going forward, you will still see support out of the administration, America needs nuclear they all stop. Now, we have terrific track record to talk about on Vogtle 3 and 4 the fact that number one, we've settled the litigation. We’ve improved the performance of the contractors on the site and now we have pending commission approval, a resolution on prudence at Vogtle, terrific positive stuff. All that does is solidify, what has always been a constructed posture by the state, the commission, the governor, the general assembly anything else in Georgia. Does that change their view on the future? No.
Tom Fanning: Well, the data point, we try to use to eliminate that question, we watch that right hawk -- is this notion of 90% of our capacity is covered over, it was about 10 years. So that’s how much re-contracting risk there is. We believe the contract that are expiring our largely gas higher contract. So we think there will be a market there. The variance with respect to this plan is not significant. Just make sure, I got you too guys, anyone else, so I just want to other folk’s person.
Tom Fanning: Sure, we disclose, it's actually a number of things, production tax credits, we are giving a full allocation before it was going to be split up. We've got loan guarantees that weren’t assured and actually our performance on the loan guarantees has been much better than we expected. There were significant parts of the first contract if you remember when we first entered into this contract there was some expectation of inflation and in fact some expectations may have been in excess of 4% to 5% as inflation did not show its head, as measured by certainly index, it defused us both between the contractor and Georgia Power to fit. What was otherwise a variable index and so we fix them to our advantage. That's what the delta is.
Tom Fanning: There you talk a little bit about the learning curve, the benefits of going 2, 3 and then 4, the placement we just made.
Tom Fanning: You made a comment about ramping up. We have already got a thousand people more this year at Vogtle 3 and 4, so that ramping up already occurred for us.
Tom Fanning: Bill, do want to go after that. I think it just some of the tax impacts that impact Southern Power specifically.
Tom Fanning: Well, listen we have made it point to be involved in both campaigns in terms of just breathing them on what we believe the correct energy policy is and I think that will be a little careful. I am cheering EEI, so I want to -- I am talking specifically from my book right now, not EEI, okay. One of the most important guys in developing energy policy right now in the Trump campaign, it's been representative from the State of North, Kevin Cramer. We have made our business to have a relationship with Kevin Cramer before. He got into this role in the Trump campaign. Kevin also visited as did a Clinton's representative, the business round table recently. And I think, Kevin is right on the money. He is the guy that is faithful to the Southern dogma of all the above. I think he is reasonable and I think he is the guy we absolutely can work with, he is a great public survey, very thoughtful and understand the importance of all the above in Americas future, he is a terrific guy.
Tom Fanning: And Paul, I'll get you to comment. Paul is -- because of the Georgia jurisdiction kind of the most advanced on this issue. All of our companies, Alabama Power, Mississippi Power, Gulf Power Georgia have all been very proactive on this issue and dealing with each of our commission. And the best way to kind of talk this through is with Paul. But I’ll say, in fact, I said two years ago in Annual Meeting that we would effectively close all of our ash ponds in a proactive way. Paul going forward and I’ll just start off with two kind of again principle or part of our dogma and that is any ash pond near water system or river or something like that we would remove. Otherwise, we will use advance technology and he can talk better than technology to close in place. It’s not just cash it’s advanced technology. And you just got rolling about APB at Georgia that he'll think about.
Tom Fanning: You ask the question about its higher. Yes, what here again I'll go back to my comment and it's kind of hard to knock about the balance seen here what is really translates to would be the kind of an acceleration of new generation, kind of where you would see it first. Otherwise it would be an effect on O&M that would be how two effects would be I still think there is upside and downsides around this 5% that's why we didn’t say 4 to 6 and else we said 5 and would kind of hang with that. Yes there is some upside there. What else you want to talk about. I saw the Atlanta Falcon beat the Green Bay Packers yesterday. Matt Ryan, he was awesome anything else? Okay, will listen let me disclose like this we know that was an investment of time on your part. Thank you so much and thank you for being loyal shareholders. Those of you that aren’t I hope you are now I think it's a heck of a story and I'm so proud to represent this team that's team in the industry so many opportunities to go forward in the path and look forward in the future in a positive way. Thank you very much. I think we've got one stead up at here it's being stead up. Yes, stay for lunch we'll all hang around.
Steve Kuczynski: So progress on construction, getting it built is going very well. We are particularly encouraged about our progress on the second unit as expected. First unit tackles the new construction challenges, and we leverage those learnings over into the second unit. And we're service, as we typically would, expect on a major construction project, a very strong improvement productivity and construction progress. So, we’re retiring risk in construction and we're retiring risk in operations. And we're fortunate to have the same technology, the AP1000s, being started up in China. They're exactly two years ahead of us. So, two years from now, we'll be in the exact same spot they will be. And they're progressing through start-up, looking to load-fuel here in the next month or two. And that is progressing as expected. So, we're bringing down risks on both construction and operations. And we have folks on the ground full-time in China, watching that start-up. So, we get the best learnings out of that. And the key individuals out of Westinghouse house and floor that actually built the plant in China, they're sequencing two our facility in order to bring that additional expertise to make sure we're successful. So, I think we're well positioned for our June of 19th and June of 20th, bringing these units to operation.
Steve Kuczynski: So just to give an anecdote on what’s been realize as you go from what is for the next our largest module CA20 which was set few years back and unit three, I think is about 16 hours or so from lift to actually sets and it took 58 minutes do it on unit four. And it’s just remarkable improvements just in quality and doing things in second time and so we’re trying to leverage that and pretty much everything that we go do, so unit four is actually staffed with less people and getting higher productivity based on that.
Steve Kuczynski: Yes, balance of the plan is going very, very well. So cooling towers are in, turbine building is going to start to show to be close here soon, all the structures stills in and focused just remains on Nuclear Island but feel really good about the progress. But particularly the learnings that we see from three to four and SCANA sees the same learnings.
Stan Connally: Thank you, Tom, and good morning. So I present these four companies, Mark and I, and we want to acknowledge our Paul Bowers and Anthony Wilson, and the hard work they do at these operating companies. And as you think about what Tom said, the long history Southern Company has had, these four regulated retail state jurisdictions have had an incredibly valuable part of Southern Company's history, and we’ll continue doing that. We’ve been a part of helping create this economic atmosphere of growth in our jurisdictions for at least 90-years in every one of our companies, dating back to the early part of the 20th century. And we’ve been supporting that Southern value proposition. But it starts with, like Tom said, that customer and community value proposition. And we thought we just start by talking about some of those very fundamentals that makes customers and communities successful as we get started here.
Stan Connally: Yes, I mean, it literally is a piece of our strategy. It’s not just redirect. And one place we put our money where our mouths are is economic development, helping drive business investment, helping drive job growth, in these communities. So, every single one of us have a team that engages with the local economic developers, state economic development groups. Mark and I, as well and Anthony and Paul, all hold prominent roles in our state-wide economic development organizations. And as you can see from some of the emblems on the slide, we also offer business recruitment tools, site selection type tools for prospects considering our states. And look, we’re having some successes. Just last week, in Georgia Power, and some helps just announced up to 1,800 technology based jobs at a technology center at Midtown Atlanta that they will grow in over a period of time, another example of that technology sector that’s growing in the Southeast. About six weeks ago, in Gulf jurisdiction in Panama City Florida, Eastern Shipbuilding announced that they had been selected for the first phase of a coastguard contract to build their new offshore petrol cutters. The first of what could be 25 ships built like there in Panama City. So, we’re having some successes in the Southeast. And by the way, as we were going through with our merger with AGL Resources, now Southern Company Gas, our work in the economic development space was one of those things of interest as we talked to the various jurisdictions about what we do in the Southeast and how we can share those practices across our new spaces. And, our pipeline for projects remains fairly robust going forward. So, we’re encouraged that we’ll continue to have opportunities to bring new growth and new job growth into the Southeast. I want to transition now and talk more specifically about electricity use in our four state jurisdictions. You can see from the chart, we serve and proudly server 4.6 million customers across our four states. And what’s interesting is, you see the balance of the energy sales mix, is roughly a third, a third, a third, third residential, a third commercial, and a third industrial. And we believe, while this will vary across every state every jurisdiction, the net migration into the Southeast remains positive. So we’re looking for customer growth of about 1% going forward. Now, at the same time, use for customer, customer usage trends are slowing that growth a bit, specifically across the sectors. For instance, in the residential sector. We’ve seen a share shift, if you will, in the housing market, 10% to 15% more multi-family type customers than we've seen historically in that residential sector. And of course those are smaller spaces use less energy. You look at both commercial and residential sectors. The energy efficiency, the energy productivity is ongoing, more efficient lighting, more efficient major appliances in those spaces. And then if you think about our largest commercial-industrial customers, many of them have corporate goals now, much like many of you probably do, to reduce energy usage or transition to some distributed energy resources. And look by the way that gives rise to the opportunity in the power secure business line that we have now. Now transitioning to industrial. Certainly, we have seen strong industrial growth since the end of the recession. Now that has levelled off somewhat, particularly this year. I'll give you a couple of highlights. In the manufacturing sector, particularly manufacturing employment in the Southeast has been positive. About 1.5% growth in manufacturing employment compared to the rest of United States where we've seen it go down, about 0.3%. The highlight there would be our transportation sector. We continue to seek modest growth in the transportation industries in the Southeast led by global and domestic growth in vehicle demand. On the other side, in the commodities sector and particularly the steel industry, we’ve seen some decline year-over-year. Think about the drivers for that low oil prices, strong dollar, weak demand, excess global capacity, all impacts that commodity sector. But I'll note back to the slide we just talked to you about before on economic development. Every single year we are looking for opportunities to influence that industrial sector through economic development growth and as well we also know that the economy overall will impact industrial sales. And Tom has already it, 0% to 1% sales growth over this period is what we're projecting. And we continue to hope to influence that through economic development growth. Mark, go ahead.
Stan Connally: Well just speaking right up on the capital growth. Certainly, as you do that incremental capital growth, we're seeing modest growth in our rate base. And you can see over this time frame, 2.6% growth over the time period. And we hope to continue to execute on that. And as Mark said, it does not include any response to the Clean Power Plan. Now underpinning our ability to invest that capital must be a constructive regulatory environment. And we certainly all feel as though we have constructive regulatory environments in our four respective states. I’ll pick-up quickly and just talk about the Gulf situation. I’ll skip down the page a bit. Many of you know Gulf Power Company filed its 2016 rate-case about three weeks ago. It’s using a forward-looking test year, using 2017 as that test year. And we would anticipate that we have an outcome on that in the spring or early summer of next year. At the same time, currently right now at Gulf, we have our annual clause filings that something we do every year. And certainly hope to have a constructive outcome there. We’ve already talked about Kemper, a good bit. Anthony and the team are working very hard to ensure an outcome there that’s constructive. And as well, they have annual filings they too will be going through over the next few months. They are PEP filing in their clause filings.
Stan Connally: Okay, just to wrap up. Certainly, we’ve talked a lot about the Southern value proposition, and we’ll continue doing that through today. But a fundamental for us and for all of our team is staying focused on that customer value proposition, which is supported by those very fundamentals that Mark hit early on, service and reliability. We must stay focused there. We’ve got significant accomplishments on our major projects. You’ve heard, Paul talk about Vogtle, Tom talked about Kemper, both in the construction and regulatory arenas, made great progress there. And we anticipate even great progress going forward. Mark said it, we’ve got visibility on our allowed returns over the near term, particularly at our two largest subsidiaries, Georgia Power and Alabama Power, over the near-term. That robust capital program is ongoing. I’ll remind you it does not include our response to the Clean Power Plan. That creates the upside over the long-term. And then certainly all four of us are supremely focused on delivering those sustainable returns in support of that value proposition, going forward. So, with that, I think we're ready to transition to one of our teammates.
Mark Crosswhite: So Stan said that we’ve been serving out here the country for about 100 years now. We have been successful over that time by focusing on the fundamentals. You can see here what we do safety over the past 11 years or so, our core investment rate is down about 50%, so we’re operating safer than ever. Reliability, keep the lights on. We keep the lights on 99.9% of the time, industry leading reliability. And when there is a hurricane or severe weather, our folks will recognize across the industry for their ability to restore service very quickly. Customer satisfaction, Tom mentioned it several times. We have the highest levels of customer satisfaction. We track it relentlessly. And our Company is always at the top of that, the store base. Affordable prices, that’s certainly something that we know we have to deliver. We’re focused very much on keeping our prices affordable. All of this focus on the fundamentals, allows us to have a constructive regulatory environment in each of our states. For the remainder of our presentation, Stan and I are going to talk about our service areas. We’re going to talk about our capital investment, and we’re going to talk about the constructive regulatory environments. Service areas, we recognize, and Tom’s slide started-off by saying we’re bigger than our bottom line. We really believe that. We know we’re only as successful as the communities we serve. So, we work very hard to make sure they are successful. It is encourage, and I would say even expected at all of our companies that employees are very engaged in their community. And you will find that’s a common theme at each of our operating companies. Which you’ll also see that we do more than just encourage our employees to be involved, we invest in our communities. We invest in education. We invest in work force development. We invest in arts and culture, trying to make our service areas better placed us to live. Make them stronger, because we recognize if our communities are stronger, we’re stronger.
Mark Crosswhite: Now, we’re going to talk about our capital investment. So Stan talked about our customer growth. Customer growth is certainly a component that leads to capital investment. But that's not all of it. We also invest in capital to better serve our customers or reduce the operating cost. Good examples of that would be things like self-feeding networks with a smart grid where we see we can make investments that will better serve customers or bring the cost to serve them down overtime. Another major component of our capital investment will be compliance cost, especially environmental compliance. And as you see the chart down at the bottom, you will see our projection for the next five years of capital investment at the operating companies. You will see us declining somewhat. Well, it's declining because Vogtle 3 and 4 will be winding up during this time period. And many of our major environmental programs will have had the major capital investments made through this time period. Point to emphasize here and I think Tom alluded to, but he didn’t say it directly. The Clean Power Plan and compliance is not included in these numbers. These numbers are known environmental, or all compliance plans included, not the Clean Power Plan. Clean Power Plan could have some impact in the later years and even beyond of this capital investment. There is more detailed information material about the breakdown of the capital investment.
Mark Crosswhite: For Alabama, Alabama has a right mechanism, called right stabilization and equalization, RSE. It’s been in effect since 1982. It is a forward-looking test year process that we go through every year where we’re making our filings to Alabama Power between now and December 1st, dealing with RSE and any clause filings that need to be made. Georgia, Paul has already talked about the Vogtle prudence case. So I won’t go into that. We put on here 2019 rate-case and 2019 RSE. And what we want to convey there is we recognize that we’re always subject to regulatory view and regulatory process. But we don’t see anything on the horizon at Georgia Power in a substantial manner, between now and 2019. So, we think we have handled the major issue that Georgia Power is facing into that time. Okay, solid returns on investment. So you will see that over the past five years, we have had stable solid returns among the operating companies; predictable, sustainable reliable returns, as Tom would say. How do we continue that going forward? Well, first, we continue to focus on the fundamentals, customer service, reliability, safety, we’re working in our communities. We also mitigate our O&M escalation. We rain-in inflation in our O&M costs. We are doing that through things now like alternate payment locations where we’re putting payment locations and banks, grocery stores, pharmacies, where if the customer would like, they can go there and pay their bill rather than having to come into an office. Overtime, that is going to help us control our O&M costs. Executing there, will lead to constructive regulatory results, and will us to continue to earn solid sustainable returns going forward.
Mark Crosswhite: Yes, and that's part of our resilient fleet comment. Basically we know that the Opcos [ph] are going to have trouble in top line growth and see over to 1% industrials will pay a large role in there because they move around so much at least in the negative fashion this year but as we look at it the companies are going to exercise additional capital investments to serve their customers better and try to offset that with cost management to keep a price under control. So we believe our 5% growth rate is true to that scenario.
Drew Evans: So, we started with the Apex end the last year we've done another deal with them. NV Energy we just announced deal with and we have another wind partnered that we haven’t announced yet, but before the end of the year couple of more wind projects with another partner.
Drew Evans: Yes. Andy it’s like -- it’s all in there, okay. So, to the degree that they get any cost savings from the merger that they could fall between Georgia Power and really Georgia, AGL and Southern Gas enjoys it. That’s only the opportunity is where we have any overlap. Two degree Georgia Power yes those savings are Southern Gas gets those savings those get reflected in those numbers. I can give you any specific number there because we’re still under process or determining what those could be.
Drew Evans: So, I think either Mark Lantrip or -- can talk more ratably about potential savings here or even Ron himself.
Mark Lantrip: So, the savings that we expect to get from the merger for AGL are baked into the numbers now were midway I would say we're about third way through the integration process and so we will go run it will run through 2018 we're just now beginning to work for some integration issues around the systems we are integrating as much as we can operationally realize this is gas company not a electric company so you don’t have the same benefit but you would have by bringing in the same kind of operational characteristics but they are some in Georgia and we are going through holiday and lows right now and figuring out how to do those things better and we will enjoying. And there is really to variable to synergies one is just as straight over old related synergy and Mark those are going as expected or we did better. The second is top line synergies and those are going a little bit better and I think about bloom and other things. I don’t remember the number on that so it sounds about that.
Mark Lantrip: Yes, that's right I mean most of the synergies for AGL and Southern it will be on a shared services really and things like IT, some HR, some of accounting beyond there. There will be some small synergies in the Georgia territories.
Mark Lantrip: Rate base growth I believe is certainly going to be lower obviously. We are going to quit adding the year ago complete the global projects by 19 and 20 so the curve on that goes down the other items in the budget would be normal transmission distribution maintenance project improvements for customer service around that. The additional environmental projects most of that related to ash pond, it's included in there some of those are still preliminary in terms of their estimate so it reflects what we know today in terms of those dollars. But those could move around a bit but that's really where there growth rate is coming from in the electric outflows. What they are trying to do is to offset that capital program they put in place in electric operating companies to mitigate that would cost and flows so that they can hold the price down to customers at a reasonable level at or below inflation.
Unidentified Company Representative: I would say the significant amount of the original investment is paid off or PPA period conditional but this fully paid off here some level of free cash flow, it goes back to pay that investment maybe the renewal asset a lot of that.
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, we've always been founds up of those gas and retailers and everything which is going on and every new transaction that we go through we've hopped all the agencies about it and so we are in constant communication about what our strategies are and where we are going so again it's up to them to evaluate that we're certainly pushing to get the changes put in place but that's certainly up to them. We think fundamentally over the past year our risk posture has changed for the better. For the questions I might go please repeat to them in it. I'll go Julien, then Andy and then Mike here we go. Julien.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes. Okay. I think actually a question for earlier. We are talking about an average ROE overtime exceeding the retail businesses. I tend to think about that really an hour, a couple of two hour. Both return in any given year of the business, it’s going to be a function of the types of capacity technology and so on. That premium over retail isn’t overtime return, I average already in time in IRR. So I think the front in the new investments maybe we’ll less than that, let me greater that later on and that’s give us some mixture of the project technology to bring added. So that’s the quick answer why your math has come in a little bit les.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, there is on slide in my group where due to the percentage of the 5% that those range, those concentric ranges. So you can back into it that way. I believe what you're seeing the net income growth over that timeframe would be just a bit above 2%.
Unidentified Company Representative: Well right now we're in the mid-30s and by the '21 timeframe it'll creep up a bit little taller between 35 and 40.
Unidentified Company Representative: So here is the -- and I think there is a generally well-known I am going to stay away from anything confidential, but you must know that there are lots of win deals particularly, one of the challenge of the win, I said this before is that when requires -- when this best located where they are few people and therefore you need to move the win resource necessary to where the load centers are, okay. Solar not like that so we can wave where the people are, generally speaking. When we think about there are lots of potential deals in the United States that depend on long haul contracted transmission systems in order to comfort the development of big scale win resources the United States. If there was a contract or transmission which gave us our degree of certainty when we think about merchant's model, Southern Company does not like the merchant model. But if there was a long term contract that supported the development of transmission that probably goes hand-in-hand with the development of large scale win resources, yes we would be open to that. But it's a chicken and the egg thing. So this is very difficult business, number one in order to develop long halt contracted transmission, not merchant transmission contracted transmission you got to make sure your line up at the same time, this big scale that you need big scale win in order to justify building a transmission line. You need a lineup that win resources would a thing for the energy and when you need to be able to handle all other different state issues that you tried to build that transmission lock. Are we open to it, sure, it would happen to built consistent where our business model. Okay. There are lots of proposals out there and we talk all the time, hard to do with deal though.
