David Ratcliffe: Thanks Glen, and good afternoon, and thank all of you for joining us. Our excellent first quarter results were significantly influenced by weather and the slow, but steady economic recovery here in the Southeast. On January 11, we set a new winter system peak demand of 37, 224 megawatts. The average temperature across our service territory that day was 18 degrees. This winter peak surpassed our 2009 summer peak of 36,505 megawatts. As you know, our peak period on the Southern system normally occurs in the summer. I'm pleased to note that our generation and transmission system performed extremely well during this period for our 4.4 million customers. Since our last earnings call in January, we've had some significant new developments related to our two new nuclear units under construction at Plant Vogtle. In February, the Department of Energy announced that Georgia Power has been offered a conditional commitment for loan guarantees for the construction of units 3 and 4 at Plant Vogtle. Both the Georgia Public Service Commission and the Georgia Legislature have been very supportive of our plans to build the nation's first new nuclear plant in more than three decades. We believe that the administration support for the nuclear energy is vital in helping meet our nation's future energy requirements. Under the current DOE schedule, we have until mid-May to accept the non-binding conditional commitment. Discussions are underway to secure a one month extension to the schedule, which will give us additional time for further due diligence. The loans are expected to cover approximately $3.4 billion or 70% of Georgia Power's eligible projected cost for Plant Vogtle. It's important to note that the execution of the loan guarantees and actual borrowings will not occur before the Nuclear Regulatory Commission issues the combined construction and operating license of the project. Although specific numbers cannot be determined yet, we expect the loans will save us approximately $15 million to $20 million per year. The loans will benefit our customers and the company through interest savings as well as providing approximately $3.4 billion of committed debt financing. At this point, I'll now turn the call over to Paul Bowers, our Chief Financial Officer, for a discussion of our financial highlights for the first quarter and our earnings guidance for the remainder of 2010.
David Ratcliffe: Thank you, Paul. As Paul outlined, we're off to good start in 2010. The economy, as shown by sales to industrial customers, appears to be gaining strength and momentum. While we're optimistic, we're still mindful that we're still in the early stages of this economic recovery. In January, you might recall that we announced a strategic alliance between Southern Company and Ted Turner to pursue development of a renewable energy project in the United States. Last month, Southern-Turner partnership announced the Cimarron project, a 30-megawatt facility capable of supplying electricity to 9,000 homes. That will be one of the nation's largest solar photovoltaic power plants. The plant will be built by First Solar Incorporated and located in Northern New Mexico. The output from this facility will serve a 25-year power purchase agreement with Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association. The Cimarron project is an example of our entry into renewable energy projects which fit our overall business strategy and risk profile. We will take a measured and disciplined approach to potential growth in this business while remaining true to the business model that we use in Southern Power, i.e., long-term contract for output with credit worthy counterparties. At this point, Paul and I are ready to take your questions. So, Rachel, will now take the first question.
David Ratcliffe: Greg, this is David. Paul can chime in. I think from my prospective, we saw great results as Paul indicated from the primary metal sector and associated with that in the transportation sector which sort of says this is part and parcel of the automotive rebuild and restock, if you will. What I want to see is continued expansion of that into the rest of the industrial customer base. I'd like to see the difficult industrial supplies to the residential portion of our customer base begin to gear up. We think as Paul said that the residential situation has bottomed out and we're back on a positive note. We talked about a rate of 24,000 [e-connect]. That's a long way from where we were several years ago, four years ago. So I'd like to see a little more strengthening across the entire industrial. I know that if we get the consumer reengaged in automobiles and housing, then obviously that industrial sector will follow. We also know that the commercial sector, typically, is the last to go in and the last to come out, so we would expect as we've said for it to continue to be fairly stagnant, even declines are more before we see it rebound hopefully late this year or early next year.
David Ratcliffe: Greg, we will always and as we have in the past, we’ll always follow traditional rate case. We may also file for alternatives to that such as an accounting order, but it's hard to say what the milestones will be. Obviously, when we file in a period of interrogatories and questions and then they'll schedule you to public hearings. I think when we get into the public hearings probably in the September - October timeframe, that's when you'll all see what the mood is and the temperature is.
David Ratcliffe: Jonathan, my crystal ball is not any better than yours there. I think obviously the dynamic in the Senate is pretty fluid and you've read all the commentary. I think the question is whether Lindsey Graham will reengage in the discussions. And even if he does, remember that's still a very steep hill to climb in a short period of time. They've made significant progress in making what came out of the House much better. But we've said very clearly, at this point, this has all been very behind the scenes discussions of concepts and we haven't seen any legislative language. And we've been clear as a company, as an industry that, until we get the actual legislative language, which they had talked about releasing this week as opposed, but that was prior to the sort of the derailment they had over the weekend, until we get that, it's awfully hard to get comfortable that we actually understand the specifics of what we think has been improved. That means, it's going to be difficult to keep this on track in a short period of time. I think they have something like 40 to 45 legislative days left. They say that they are going to try to do this and immigration, but remember, this has to be scoured through the OMB process. So, it's got a long way to go even if Lindsey does re-engage.
David Ratcliffe: Absolutely, and finally you have that opportunity, as last year if you recall, we had in the fourth quarter an adjustment that we didn't use all the opportunity on the COR or the cost of removal amortization; so you do have the potential of that for this year.
David Ratcliffe: No. Remember, this year we have $216 million or $54 million per quarter that it is amortized. And as you look at the stream of activity one being the O&M spend at each one of the companies, there is - from plan, they are a little bit below plan on O&M spend, so when you true up O&M spend, I can't make that assumption at all.
David Ratcliffe: I think it is positioned extraordinarily well. I think, Anthony Topazi and the Mississippi Power team have done an outstanding job of a very thorough presentation of the opportunity. It has all the kind of benefits that you would want for this of project. We think it is positioned very, very well. The industrial customers and the co-ops are very supportive of going forward with the project. So I don't know that there is anything else we can do, but as you know, this is a process of the three people who are - Commissioners have to decide, and until they decide, there's not much way to predict.
David Ratcliffe: When you look at O&M, Michael, we have, as you recall in the January earnings presentation, the O&M cost escalation would increase approximately 2.7% if you look at annual rate growth from '08, '09 and '10. When you look at '09 to '10 and you see the amount of maintenance activity that we have within the system, it's approximately 12% to 13%. It all depends on how you want to treat environmental O&M, but there is an escalation between '09 and '10 of that much.  The other piece is, as you recall in '09, we were focused on reducing O&M significantly to manage, if you will, the activities of the business to ensure that we provide earning streams that meets our guidance. The other item that I will address is really that when you look at normal O&M, go back to the escalation rate, that's really the normal activity we have on year-by-year basis, of an escalation of 2.7%.
David Ratcliffe: Let me just add to what Paul said, by definition, we made a conscious decision to move some of the maintenance that would normally have occurred in '09 and into the first quarter of '10. And what Paul said was we should be back on a more normal track of routine O&M.
David Ratcliffe: It's too early to really get into that discussion, the Georgia folks are still working on the details of the filings, so I think we ought to wait until we actually make the filing. When we make the filing, we probably will have a separate call just to go over the fundamentals of the filing
David Ratcliffe: Yeah, Paul, it's pretty much the same outlook. As you recall, in January, we said it'd be relatively flat to a positive $0.01 for the year. If you look at the first quarter its $0.002 on earnings per share basis for quarter. And that's really driven by just increased usage.
David Ratcliffe: When you look at the first quarter Dan, we spent $1.1 billion, and it really is lumpy relative to the addition of new environmental projects coming online and the spending curve for Plant Vogtle as well.
David Ratcliffe: For the year we're saying for Vogtle about $700 million for the year, and it really is just a timing question, it's not backend loaded or summer loaded. Projects associated with Kemper County, you'll see cost of about $341 million during the year. You have projects associated with environmental controls that are close to $600 million for the year. So it's really the timing. First part of the year, January to April, you'll see the major capital expenditures around environmental and then during the later part of the year; you'll have the environmental CapEx spend. Transmission and distribution is relatively spread throughout the year, except for the summer months, that's when you do not want to mess, if you will, with the lines during our peak period.
David Ratcliffe: When you look at our slides in the appendix, we have an update of where we are relative to the capital that we've spend plus the financing of that capital. We've gotten to - for debt financing, we have achieved roughly $525 million so far this year on a basis of $1.6 billion that we'll need for the year.
David Ratcliffe: Nathan, we're always looking for a good deal. And if we find one, we're willing to make an acquisition. It has to meet our conservative criteria. We won't buy something just to own an asset. We want it backed by contracts with credit worthy counterparties. That's sort of our disciplined approach. We've maintained a pretty active radar screen, as you know, looking at opportunities and we have made acquisitions in the past. We're certainly willing to do that as you point out. I think we've budgeted money if and when we find the right opportunity.
David Ratcliffe: It would be unusual for us to do that, very unusual. I think we did make a swap of swords with West Georgia asset purchase. It didn't have backing, but we felt like it was a much better strategic play for us than just an outright acquisition like you're describing. So it'd be very unusual for us to make that kind of acquisition.
David Ratcliffe: I'm not sure exactly what you're speaking to. The Georgian Legislature passed a construction work in progress bill which allows us the opportunity to recover some of that money as we're building the plant.
David Ratcliffe: No, we will file with a commission a status report every six months on the status of the construction project and the cost against the budget. At some point in the future, obviously, when the plant is commercially operable, then it will be the subject of a rate case.
David Ratcliffe: Thank you Rachel. Let me just say, again, thanks to all of you for joining us and thanks to those of you who were complementary. We were fortunate with a very strong first quarter and as we said we're comfortable. We're off to a good. We think we can see some legs in the economy that we're optimistic about, look forward to another call with you on the Georgia rate case. We'll also keep you informed about the decision with regard to Kemper County and then we'll be back again with the second quarter call in July. So thank you very much.
W. Paul Bowers: Greg, only addition I'll make to that is, when you look at the Transportation segment, we saw increase in production of over 73% across our automobile manufacturing facilities. However, when you look at the industrial sales overall, we're still below the '08 peak period and that's one of the items that we're really watching.
W. Paul Bowers: Sure. Jonathan when you look at Southern Power as compared to last year, you had two units of Southern Power that came off contract. One of those units will not go back on contract till June, so you have a period where these two units are just uncovered.
W. Paul Bowers: The other piece, Michael, is that Georgia Power, as you recall, we had a voluntary attrition program that also was enacted in 2009, so the benefits are now showing up in the first quarter as well.
W. Paul Bowers: When you look in the year, you have the process within Alabama that starts the RSE the Right Stabilization and Equalization filings that will be at the end of the year. You have the same going on in Mississippi with their PEP filing, and then you have cost balance at Gulf Power, that are the normal process they go through every year.
W. Paul Bowers: We are not expecting the down quarter in the second quarter, Paul. When you look at the second quarter of last year, we had lease revenues that provided some uplift to the $0.61 that we achieved in second quarter and we had $0.03 of weather in the second quarter 2009. So you take those out, we're within the same bandwidth of what we did last year.
W. Paul Bowers: Yeah, Steve, when you look at our industrial sales forecast for 2010, we said that the industrial sales were increased by 2.6%, but if you compare that increase to 2008 actuals, that would show still a decline of 3% in overall sales. So we're now seeing more positives sales growth in our industrial sector, but I want to be cautious about being too optimistic about that sustained growth.
W. Paul Bowers: The total cost of the project is $2.4 billion. Average cost for the plant's in the $3,500 of kilowatt hour, KW.
W. Paul Bowers: Annie, if you recall, when we set the forecast for 2010, we said that the sales year-over-year will increase by 0.5% in our forecast. If you weather normalize the first quarter, we are down 0.3%. So relatively we are on target to our forecast. There are some sectors that are showing some improvement. However, they are the big sectors, if you will, in terms of their overall sales in the commercial sector that are still very weak. I want to point out the grocery store segment is down 2.2% year-over-year.
W. Paul Bowers: Paul, when we look at the ROE for Georgia, remember we had the cost removal account that was approved by the Georgia Public Service Commission with 9.75 cap for them on the retail basis. So that's what they earned in retail for the company last year. And then you add a 110 basis points to that for the wholesale activity, they are roughly right at 11%.
W. Paul Bowers: Most of the demand is from our prior customers. Kia, if you look at it on a quarter-by-quarter basis, it's a huge number almost 426% increase year-over-year. So that tells you about the ramping up during the year until the fourth quarter when Kia came online. But in general terms, those kilowatt hours for those automobile manufacturing facilities are not real large in terms of total megawatts that we produce for the industrial sector. The chemical sector, pulp and papers grew and the steel group are the primary drivers overall for us in terms of our sales.
W. Paul Bowers: Dan, it will not be comparable to '09. We are back on schedule in terms our overall maintenance plan for the company relative to our plants and our distribution transmission activities.
W. Paul Bowers: Nathan, let me add to that. When you think about assets that are uncovered, the question immediately comes to the front where, can we place a contract with that asset pretty quickly? That's one of our business drivers as we assess the assets. The other on the West Georgia, if you recall, we swapped two uncovered assets in Florida for these assets in West Georgia.
W. Paul Bowers: Nathan, when you look at the industrial customers in Georgia, they do not shop, if you will, after they have one-time decision. So the competitive platform is for the instate utility suppliers to compete for loads over 900 KW and once that decision is made, they are locked for that supplier.
W. Paul Bowers: Nathan, we have assessed that legislation, but it's been primarily from a focus of what it would do in our fuels markets, and posting any collateral associated with that. As you recall, we have through [EEI] active to try to carve out that element, which I think we have succeeded in carving that out. I haven't seen the final language on this proposed legislation, but I think everybody recognizes that we have these types of transactions an ongoing basis.
W. Paul Bowers: Nathan, currently we are at 52 days of inventory for this system. We were at a peak at the end of the year at 59 days. So, the weather has benefited us in terms of coal burn. As we look at the fuel markets, they have moved up in terms of overall price. Some of that is driven by Central App for export markets, primarily for the met market metallurgical coal. So, that is sustaining a higher price rate now in the cap and Central Appalachian markets. And as you're seeing the gas markets continue to fluctuate in the $4 to $5 range.
W. Paul Bowers: When you look at 1%, it roughly depends on what sector, associated with the residential, commercial and industrial. When you look at industrial, that impact of 1% is roughly $0.02 earnings per share. And if you look at 1% for the residential and commercial, it's significantly higher around $0.04 per share.
