Howard Thill: Thank you, Connor, and good morning. I too would like to welcome everyone to Devon’s third quarter analyst and investor call. I am Howard Thill, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations for Devon Energy. Also on the call today are John Richels, President and Chief Executive Officer; Dave Hager, Chief Operating Officer; and Tom Mitchell, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Additionally we have a number of other Devon executives in the room with us. If you haven’t had a chance to listen to the management commentary, you can find that along with the associated slides and our new operations report at devonenergy.com. Additionally, starting with this quarter’s results, we have included our forward-looking guidance in the earnings release. I hope you've had a chance to review those documents as today’s call will largely consist of questions and answers. Finally, I’d remind you that comments and answers to questions on this call may contain plans, forecasts, expectations and estimates which are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. Our comments and answers are subject to a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainty that could cause our results to materially differ from these forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance. Additionally, information on risk factors that could cause results to materially differ from the forward-looking statements made today is available in our 2013 Form 10-K and subsequent 10-Qs included under the caption Risk Factors. With that, I’ll turn the call over to our President and CEO, John Richels.
Howard Thill: Thanks, John. And before we get started, I’d just like to remind everyone to please limit yourself to one question with an associated follow up so that we can get as many people on the call as possible. And you can re-queue for additional questions as time permits. And so, Connor, with that, we’re ready for the first question.
Howard Thill: Thanks, John. And I’d like to echo John’s thoughts. We appreciate all your support. I also appreciate the kind words on ops report and the other changes. I want to throw out some thank yous to Scott, Shea, Chris and the rest of the team that have done an outstanding effort to bring this forward. And if you have any additional questions, please don’t hesitate to give any one of us a call. We look forward to seeing you out on the road. Have a great day. Good bye.
John Richels: Well, thank you, Howard and good morning, everyone. As you all have seen, Devon delivered exceptional performance during the third quarter. We achieved record oil production which exceeded the high end of our guidance by 6,000 barrels a day. With that strong execution, we increased our 2014 production outlook -- our growth outlook by about 300 basis points from 11% previously to 14%. And very importantly, that increase came with no change in our 2014 capital spending profile. We also increased our profitability with pretax cash margins expanding by 20% year-over-year and exceeded Wall Street’s earnings expectations by $0.10. And lastly, we completed the final leg of our strategic repositioning with the closing of our U.S. non-core asset sales. So overall, it was an excellent performance for Devon and we expect a strong operational momentum that we delivered to continue into 2015. While we’re closely watching developments in the commodity markets, we’re extremely well positioned to fund our 2015 capital program. We’ve got one of the strongest balance sheets in the sector, we’re very well hedged and we have visible opportunities for continued drop downs to our midstream business. This places us in a position to continue to invest in our portfolio of high rate of return projects in many of the best U.S. resource plays. So with that, as Howard said, today’s call was going to be a Q&A call basically. And I'd just like to actually congratulate Howard and his team for the change and I hope that you all found it helpful. But we've tried to put out the very best information that we could. So with that, I’ll turn it over to Howard for Q&A.
John Richels: Arun, as you know, we’re still pouring next year’s budget. I mean we’re just working on it now and we’ll be coming out with it over the next little while. You’re right, we’re changing the number of rigs that we have working in some of the areas and all the things you point out are correct. But part of what we’re doing is just shifting our focus to the highest rate of return areas. So for example, we expect next year that the number of rigs that we have working in the Miss will probably go down and some areas in the southern Midland basin may go down and we’ll shift those rigs over to some of these other areas. So we feel pretty confident at this time that the kind of growth that we’ve talked about, the 20% to 25% oil growth in 2015 is achievable in a budget that is similar to what we had in 2014, which I think is a really positive development for us.
John Richels: Well, that as well. Certainly we have less spending at Jackfish. As we mentioned, we’re going to do some appraisal work and some additional engineering work on Pike, be probably $250 million. But with the completion of Jackfish 3 and relatively low maintenance capital on that whole Jackfish complex, we’ll see our expenditures come down there as well.
John Richels: Well, you hit on a couple of important points. Over the past several years we’ve had a fair amount of capital that we've put into our midstream operations. And with the transfer of assets to EnLink, that obligation or that responsibility for that expenditure goes to EnLink. So that just leaves more of our cash flow available for our development projects, which is a good thing. We also had -- given that EnLink has very stable fixed contracts for the most part, we have a fairly reliable cash flow stream that comes to us from EnLink. And as we look at the future, we’ve got a great asset there. The day we transfer our assets into the new entity that formed EnLink, it had a market value of about $4.8 billion today. It's somewhere up around $9 billion. And as I said earlier, we have a very visible growth profile as we continue to develop the assets that our management team at EnLink have brought to the table. They're got a lot of organic growth opportunities. But we have continuing drop downs both from the general partner to the limited partner and from possibility of facilities drop downs from Devon to EnLink. So all of those things point towards more efficiency on our part, more capital efficiency on Devon’s part because of the increased cash flow that's going into our development projects and an increasing valuation for EnLink over the next while. So, all-in-all a real positive development for us.
John Richels: Well, as you know, David, on Pike, we’ve got, we’re a 50% owner of Pike and are non-operative partners with BP with a 50% interest as well. So, this work that we’re doing is very necessary work in order for us to really understand the project and know what the capital costs are going to be and to fully delineate the area with the additional stratigraphic test flow. So, this is work that’s absolutely necessary for us to do and it doesn’t really change anything that we might do going forward. I think we’ll get this work done over the year and then take it back to our Board for consideration in late in 2015. And then we have the full impact on -- it really has no impact on exactly how Pike rolls out overtime, because this is work that -- this is a great looking project in what looks to be the sweet spot of the oil sands for SAGD developments. So it's something that we absolutely need to get our arms around and then we’ll take that to our Board for consideration probably late in '15.
John Richels: Yes, I think just probably a pretty fair assumption, Dave. We’re really pleased with the way the things are working out and we do see with these new completions that we’re working on right now as well as our production optimization activities that we’re doing, we see that things are continuing to improve, I would say. So, we haven’t come out with an affinity guidance regarding 2015, so I am being careful not to say too much. But I can tell you things are on the positive rather than on the neutral or negative and so we feel really good about it.
John Richels: We’re doing quite a bit. I’ll tell you what, I am going to turn the call over to our Head of E&P, Tony Vaughn, who can give you an even more detailed response to this, John. He’s really close to this, so I'll let him talk you about it a little bit.
John Richels: Well, we sure want to try to do it, John, in the most capital or a tax-efficient manner that we could. And frankly, I will point out to you, even if we go ahead and fund Pike, we’re still going to have a bunch of free cash flow in Canada, because it's not taking out the Pike project, if they were to go ahead, it wouldn’t take up $1 billion of your EBIT. So, we’re going to have some free cash flow and my guess is that we will bring that back. We’ll try to do it as tax efficiently as we can and deploy that here in the U.S. We haven’t -- in the past, we've sometimes left those funds offshore or in Canada because we have not had to change or alter our capital spending plans as a result of where cash is. I mean, we've got enough balance sheet flexibility, as you know, and enough liquidity that we're not constraining our capital decisions in the U.S. by where the cash is. So, that all points to trying to bring that cash back in the most tax-efficient way and not hurting it back because it's really not going to change our behavior in any event as long as we have the financial strength and liquidity that we have.
John Richels: Biju, the oil sands business has some very positive characteristics that are different from some of the rest of our business. And we’ve always said that we thought that overtime we were going to provide the best returns and the most solid returns to our shareholders by having a diversified portfolio. And we never wanted to be just the gas company or just an oil company. And so to have – we like that mix between natural gas, natural gas liquids and oil and the mix between light oil and heavy oil as a positive one because they trade very differently and have very different characteristics. What we’ve been seeing with our heavy oil business is that the margins have increased significantly over time. And part of that is the reduction in the differentials as more certainty has risen around the Canadian oil sands business with regard to takeaway capacity and that’s likely to continue. So our view of the future from a differential perspective is that it’s going to continue. It’s going to become more stable, less volatile over time and that it’s going to be lower than it has been historically and that’s as a result of Energy East and Keystone XL which will come on at some point in time and Flanagan and all of the pipelines that are being built, rail now being a significant part and probably a permanent part of the takeaway capacity. So, it’s a very good business. As a matter of fact, in this quarter, our operating margin from Jackfish was somewhere just shy at $40 a barrel. So it’s a pretty good business. And so as we look forward, to have a piece of our portfolio and this type of asset that has basically no decline for 25 years, relatively low maintenance capital is a nice piece to have. So, it's still firmly part of our business. And I will say that, and you’ve heard me say this, Biju, that when we got into this business, we recognized that if we were going to be in this heavy oil business, we had to be in the top quartile or a top decile project or we can’t make money otherwise. And we are fortunate our guys did a great job and we picked a project area that is really in the top part of this industry. And so it’s a real strong part of our business going forward.
John Richels: Thank you. And let me just make a couple of comments and I’ll turn it over to Howard just for a couple of comments as well. But I just want to say a couple of things. Thank you for hanging in with us for this long call and we got some great questions. But just want to pass on our thoughts here. We’ve seen a significant transformation in our asset portfolio over the past year. So we have a great portfolio today with high margin assets and a portfolio that has years of visible growth. So today we are laser focused on execution and that’s what’s helped us deliver a great quarter for the third quarter of 2014, allowed us to raise our full year production targets and we’re not taking our foot off the gas. This strong operational momentum is going to continue into 2015 as we continue to grow our oil production and our cash flow. And again, notably, I think we’re doing that in a very capital efficient manner. We’re well positioned to fund our 2015 capital program with our strong financial position. And lastly, while we clearly possess a great deal of financial strength, we are fully committed to exercising capital discipline, maximizing our margins, maintaining our balance sheet strength and optimizing our growth in cash flow per share adjusted for debt. So with that, again, thank you for hanging in. And I’ll just turn it back to Howard.
Dave Hager: This is Dave Hager. We are doing downspacing pilots in the first half of 2015. When we see the results of those downspacing pilots in the second Bone Spring, we anticipate that our inventory will increase. If you obviously look at our presentation and our investor book, it shows that we’re currently just using four or five wells per section. And so we think there is upside particularly in the second Bone Spring to this and we’ll test it with these downspacing pilots. I'll remind you also that in our 5,000 locations, we haven’t counted anything for the Wolfcamp. We think that’s going to work and we think it's going to work well, but we think the economics are stronger in the second Bone Spring. So, we’re going to concentrate our evaluation there initially and then let the industry do some of the de-risking in the Wolfcamp and the Leonard Shale.
Dave Hager: Well, we are drilling -- actually we drilled our first Wolfcamp Shale well in Loving County just on the Texas side. We’re currently flowing back that well as we speak, so we'll have results for that. And in next quarter's call we’ll be analyzing all of the industry data and be providing numbers. Again, we have the acreage. It's not a question where do we have the acreage, it's just the matter of us analyzing the industry results and then providing you guidance around that based on the industry results. So, we’re very confident it's going to work and so our overall inventory is going to go up. It's just that we want to see a little more results. And again, we think the economics are a little bit stronger in the second Bone Spring. We have more of the second Bone Spring than some of our industry peers just given where our acreage is actually located. But the second Bone Spring is a little bit shallower, it's a little less expensive to drill and it's a little more oily. And so all of that cause the economics in the second Bone Spring to be a little better, but that’s not to say it's not a good strong opportunity in the Wolfcamp and we’re glad EOG is having success. It just makes our acreage look that much better.
Dave Hager: We probably could have put a plus, plus, plus on that, to be honest with you, Doug, because we feel very good about that as we get additional data and we get more production data on these wells that the EURs will increase. We just want to see more production history before we say exactly what the new EURs will be. But I can tell you so far what we’re seeing is these wells are coming on at significantly higher rates and they are essentially paralleling the old type curve. They are not falling off more rapidly. So there is -- we feel very confident that the EURs are going to increase. We just want to get more data on these wells before we actually come out with what the increase will be.
Dave Hager: Well, we’re doing a lot of the pad development already and we can continue to do a lot of this with pad development. Now, the specifics of how we would develop the downspace pads, I mean I have to defer. We may have to just build additional pads and take them into incremental facilities on the same acreage there. I think that’s our plan right now. But frankly, we need to get a handle early on how much -- there is not only downspacing opportunities in the second Bone Spring, but if you go back to our investor presentation, we have slides there that we have showed that also on some of these areas we have Delaware sand potential, we have Leonard sand potential and we have Wolfcamp, not all of them on all of the same acreage. But we have some areas where multiple formations are prospected. We actually have even additional zones within the second Bone Spring that we’re not sure that we’re fully exploiting at this point either, an upper sand in the second Bone Spring, we’re testing that as well. So, there is not only downspacing opportunities, but there are stacked lateral opportunities in the Delaware Basin that again could significantly increase our inventory. And we need to get a handle for how many wells per section that might be ultimately and so we’re doing some pilot testing around that. But the four or five wells per section, when you look at our stack basis, may be significantly higher than that.
Dave Hager: Our old completion design was really around 600 pounds per linear foot. We are now testing, as we said, up to 2,500 pounds of sand per linear foot. So far we have pumped between 25 and 30 jobs in the 1,500 to 2,500 pounds per linear foot range. Of those, we have actual well results on about half of those. Now, some of those have just not been on very long at all. And so we’re still monitoring others we have 30 days plus. But the bulk of the well results you’re seeing in Q3 do not have the larger, thus far from a production standpoint, actual production, do not have the larger jobs in there. And that’s why one reason we have confidence our volumes can continue to grow in the future. Now, what is the actual sand size is in our type curve. I can tell you it’s not -- it’s less than 1,500 pounds of sand per linear foot. And so we think that if these jobs work on a consistent basis, there is additional upside to our type curve in future quarters. But we need to see those results first and see that on more wells to really be able to say exactly how much that would be.
Dave Hager: We’re working with our partner BHP on that right now. Absolutely, we think there is -- we’re working with a revision of a completion design on that. We're not prepared to go into a lot of detail as we speak right now. But we can tell you that there is -- we think there is upside associated with that when we get more results with our revised completion site. We’ve already made modifications to it, but we’d like to see more results before we actually go out with anything. I'll also mention here, Tommy here mentioned another good thing to mention. We have done the larger revised completion design in Lavaca County where we actually operate and you’re seeing the IPs on those. The other thing I might mention on this choke management is that we have so far most of the choke management work we’ve done, we’re doing on a very engineered basis, that has been done primarily on older existing wells that have already had significant decline. The real upside here which we’re not seeing yet in the production numbers and which are upside to the type curve also is when we start applying this very engineered approach to new wells, to new completions and so that’s upside that we have not yet quantified for you but we think exists with the inventory. And we’re starting to roll that in to -- again on a managed basis, managing well pressures to make sure we’re maximizing rates of return and we’re not degrading performance. But we’re starting to do this on an engineered approach with new wells. And so there's still big upside potential if it works as well as we think it will on new wells.
Dave Hager: Arun, this is Dave. A reminder too, what I have been talking about with these previous answers I have been giving, we’re getting a lot more efficient and so we don’t have to add as much capital, because we’re getting much higher IPs and we think we’re getting higher EURs in a number of these plays. And so it’s not all about adding rigs. We add rigs when we need to. But if we can get it rather out of better completions and much more efficient way with higher rates of return, that’s a better way to go and we think we’re accomplishing that in a number of our plays.
Dave Hager: We have not seen it going up. Again, we stand by what we said on the capital though, it's going to be very similar to -- we can have these kind of growth rates with very similar capital as we had in 2014 and those were the reasons why.
Dave Hager: Brian, I might just -- this is Dave -- I might just talk briefly about from the sand and the water standpoint. Before I do, I might just make a more global comment here that we have put a real emphasis internally in the company on what we call project management, which really is to make sure that we’re doing good long-term planning addressing all the issues that you’re describing. And so that’s a real focus within the company. We’re not just out there drilling wells, we’re looking down the road two, three, four, five years and making sure we’re addressing all those issues that you’re bringing up. Regarding the sands side of the business, we think that we’re -- I am not going to say it’s not tight, it has been tight. But at the same time we think that we have the ability through our relationships with the service companies to get the sands there for the wells. The tightest have been in the Permian Basin obviously and historically the most difficult part is what we call the last mile, which is really the trucking to the location. Now that has been somewhat improved here in the past couple of months or so. But overall, we think it’s going to be tight. But we think that given the strength of the company and the strength of our relationship with our service providers and the bigger service providers particularly that we use the most, we can handle that. On the water side, we do not see any significant issue there at all. We’re bringing in water actually from outside from the north into the -- near our activities located in the Delaware Basin. We don’t see any significant issue and we’ve been planning for that. So we’re in good shape.
Dave Hager: Well we’re drilling on average at about 50 to 60 acre spacing. Now that is composed of 40 acre spacing in the more oily parts of the play and then 80 acre spacing where it gets a little bit more gassy towards the southern end of our acreage position. On an average, it’s around the 50 to 60 acre spacing currently. Now, do I, in theory, see some potential upside for the same type thing we’re talking about in the Delaware basin where we could with these more advanced and more complex fracs that we’re not reaching out as far? Do I see some downspacing potential in theory? I think it may exist. But frankly, we’re less -- let me put it this way. We’re less mature in our discussion process with our partner regarding that potential right now than we are in other initiatives. And so, first thing we do is get these better completion designs working real efficiently. I think we do, then we may be able to make some progress on downspacing also.
Dave Hager: Well, I don’t want to -- it’s not even about initial IP or 30 day rates. It’s about the sustainability of those rates and what kind of EURs we need ultimately from those wells. So I don’t have a specific number that I am going to lay out there for that to judge success or lack of success on those. But we’ll be obviously watching the first few months of performance. How much there is? We’re not quite ready or I don’t think we have enough information really to say how much additional resource or how many locations we have. We need to see some success here. This is a different type of formation geologically also. This isn’t a shale this is a marl, which is a type of carbonate reservoir and actually has a little bit of primary porosity to it. So it’s going to behave significantly different than a shale reservoir well. And we need to see more results to really say what kind of spacing we could have if we works to see how many locations. I will point out, I think you’re probably well aware that obviously there have been some wells drilled to the Northeast by other operators, Penn Virginia and others, but I think also if you move to the Southwest, there have been other companies, I think specifically Marathon has been drilling wells for the same interval. This is not the upper Eagle Ford shale. Some might call this the lowest-most Austin Chalk. But we’ve chosen for historical marketing reasons I say to call it the Eagle Ford rather than the Austin Chalk. But it’s actually a marl section that’s above the upper Eagle Ford shale.
Unidentified Company Representative: First of all, when we’re implementing our strategy, as you know, we’re looking at longer-term prices, not with the spot prices today. And frankly, the longer-term prices haven’t changed that much from where they were when we developed the strategy and when we made the moves to so significantly transform our portfolio. So, we put ourselves in the position today of having an asset base that has very good rates of return that can generate high margins where we can have robust growth and that has a lot of flexibility for the future in terms of oil or liquids rich gas. So, it really -- the spot price, the change in the spot price hasn’t really affected our view of what we might do. And as we get into 2015, I think the very strong position that we are in is – we've got one of the strongest balance sheets in the sector, we’re very well hedged already for 2015. We've got over 50% of our productions hedged at a oil price of $91 a barrel. So, we’ve got a lot of price protection from that point of view. And with the additional financial levers that we have with the drop downs that we’re talking about and other, we've put ourselves into a very, very good position even if prices stay a little bit soft in the near term. But as you can appreciate, as we get into 2015 and we start executing that '15 program, we’re really more interested in what oil prices are towards the end of '15 and '16 and '17, because that’s when that production comes on and when you really drive the returns on the additional work that we’ve done. So, we feel very good about the strategy. We feel very good about the portfolio and the opportunity set that we've created for the next several years.
Unidentified Company Representative: The incremental cost is around $1 million, give or take, for the larger fracs. Obviously it depends on whether it's 1,500 pounds of sand or 2,500 pounds of sand, but it's per linear foot. But that’s a good estimate for what it is. So far, and again we haven’t come out with the potential higher EURs, I can tell you that based on the very preliminary data that we’ve seen that the enhancements in the rate of return are somewhere between significant and staggering. And they are outstanding and certainly justify the incremental $1 million cost. And so we just want to get a little bit more confidence in that before we roll out all those numbers.
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, it just has to do -- the inventory that has built up, it just has to do with the fact that we obviously -- and this part of the business again managed through BHP historically, but they just have been drilling wells and they haven’t had enough completion crews to quite keep up with the number of wells that they've drilled. Now that is why we have agreed to increase the number of frac crews and actually they have agreed to have Devon operate two of those frac crews. So, we were increasing from five to nine, so two of those nine will actually be operated by Devon and we anticipate they will take the number of uncompleted wells down by approximately 50%, from around 120 to somewhere around 60 wells somewhere at the end of Q4. And that’s one of the things that does also give us the confidence not only we’re going to see good production increases in Q4, but that’s going to sustain itself through the first part of '15 as well.
