Scott Coody: Thank you, and good morning. For the call today, we have slides to supplement our prepared remarks. The slides for today’s call along with our detailed operations report and press releases are available on our website. Comments on the call today will contain plans, forecasts and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. These comments and answers are subject to a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially. Following our prepared remarks, we will take your questions. And with that, I will turn your attention to slide two and hand the call over to Dave Hager, our President and CEO.
Scott Coody: Thanks, Jeff. We will now open the call to Q&A. Please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. If you have further questions, you can reprompt as time permits. With that, we will take our first question.
Scott Coody: Hey, David. This is Scott. From a modeling perspective, the trajectory of the Delaware, obviously you saw a pretty significant uptick in Q1. We’d expect some minor growth in the second quarter on an oil volume growth basis in the Delaware and then certainly we’re positioned for strong growth in the second half of the year. So that’s going to be driving the overall corporate growth rates. And as you saw, we’ve raised our guidance for the full year and on top of that, we also raised our exit rate growth too. So the Delaware is the key growth engine. The Rockies is going to start contributing in the second half of the year as well, and we’re going to have a lot of momentum heading into 2020 as well.
Scott Coody: Well, we’re now at the top of the hour. We appreciate everyone’s interest in Devon today. And if we didn’t get your question, please do not hesitate to reach out to the Investor Relations team at anytime, which consists of myself and Chris Carr. Have a good day. Thank you.
Jeff Ritenour: Thanks, Tony. My comments today will be focused on detailing the next steps and the execution of our financial strategy. Beginning with our balance sheet, we have tremendous amount of flexibility when it comes to our financial position. We exited the first quarter with $1.3 billion of cash on hand and expect this balance to meaningfully increase in the future with the proceeds from exiting the Barnett and Canada along with the free cash flow that new Devon is generating at today’s strip pricing. As you can see on slide 11, this exhibit outlines the free cash flow new Devon is capable of delivering at various pricing points. This plan is designed to completely fund our three-year capital requirements in an ultra-low WTI breakeven price of $56, while providing an attractive mid-teens oil growth rate. And at $65 WTI pricing, the new Devon is capable of delivering three-year cumulative free cash flow of $3 billion. This is equivalent to more than 20% of our market cap at today’s share price and represents a very competitive free cash flow yield to investors while still providing an attractive oil production growth rate. A top priority for our excess cash is the repayment of our debt in order to maintain Devon’s targeted debt to EBITDA ratio within a range of 1 to 1.5 times. With this strategy, we expect to redeem up to $3 billion of debt maturities by year-end with proceeds from Canada and the Barnett, which would result in our go-forward interest expense declining by approximately $130 million annually on a run rate basis. In addition to debt repayment, another key financial priority is the return of cash to shareholders. From a dividend policy perspective, our goal is to steadily grow the dividend by targeting a manageable payout ratio of 5% to 10% of our operating cash flow. With this policy, our quarterly dividend is increased by 50% over the past few years. And given that our go-forward U.S. oil business is well-positioned to efficiently expand cash flow for the foreseeable future, we expect to reward shareholders by continuing to steadily grow our dividend over time. With regards to our ongoing share repurchase program, not only is this the most active program by a wide margin in the E&P space but is also one of the largest buybacks regardless of sector in the S&P 500. Over the past 12 months, we have repurchased 114 million shares at a total cost of $4 billion. The execution of our remaining $1 billion authorization will result in a reduction of over 25% of our outstanding shares. To accomplish this, we expect to utilize cash on hand and free cash flow generated throughout the year to continue the repurchase of our shares. So in summary, our financial strategy is working quite well. We have excellent liquidity and our business is generating substantial free cash flow. The go-forward business will have a debt to EBITDA ratio pushing towards 1 times, and we are set to sustainably pay and steadily grow the dividend for the foreseeable future. We will also continue to aggressively buy back our stock. With that, I’ll turn the call back over to Scott.
Jeff Ritenour: Hey, Scott, this is Jeff. Yes. No, absolutely, throughout different cost categories across the portfolio, you’re seeing some inflation but we’re also seeing deflation in several areas as well. So, from our standpoint, enterprise-wide, we really see a flat inflation, deflation output as compared to 2018. So, with the cost efficiencies that we’re driving in the activity that the team’s described, marry it with some of those puts and takes, we really see flat year-over-year basis.
Jeff Ritenour: What we’ve said from day one is our expectation is the first $3 billion would go to debt repayment. So, the combination of the proceeds we received from both Canada and the Barnett will take the first $3 billion and work our leverage metrics down to that -- into that lower end of that 1 to 1.5 times ratio. And anything beyond that would be available for other alternatives and share repurchase would be at the top of that list.
Jeff Ritenour: Hey, Ryan. This is Jeff. Yes. No, I appreciate the question and as we think about the run rate going forward, we really feel like we’re well ahead of schedule. As you described, if you look at our guide for the second quarter, it equates to about $110 million excluding the Canada and the Barnett piece which is again, ahead of our $200 million estimate for the full year. So I would answer the question to say, yeah, there’s always potential upside. We’re continuing to look at all parts of our business and attacking each of the different cost categories. So, we feel good about that. It’s too soon obviously to change any guide at this point in time, so we still feel very comfortable with the parameters that we laid out on the last call. But we continue to expect on a quarterly basis you’ll see that run rate continue to trend down as we walk through 2019. So obviously, there’s still some noise in the first quarter. You’ll really see the savings show up in our second quarter results and then further as we can move into the third quarter and fourth quarter of this year.
Dave Hager: Well, in Canada, as we said, we are in discussions with multiple parties. We are having advanced discussions with them at a value that -- values we think are appropriate for the intrinsic value of the assets. I don’t want to go into more detail than that, but we feel really good about those discussions we have. And we are optimistic that it’s very likely that we could have a sale of those assets. We are of course in the background working in parallel, the potential spin and all the steps that are necessary to do that. We view that as -- at this point probably more of a backup plan, most likely. And so, we’re encourage. I don’t know if I want to put a percentage on it of everything, but we’re encouraged where those discussions are. In regards to Barnett, we are -- have not yet opened the data room; it will be opened very soon. We have received a lot of inbound cost. It’s not often when a quality asset such as this with a very large contiguous acreage position with very low decline assets that frankly we’ve been able to enhance with some recent drilling and completion activity through our promoted interest that we’re receiving through the Dow joint venture that we have to show the capability what a modern drilling and completion activities could do in the Barnett. It’s not often you get an opportunity to bid on that type asset. And we think that people are seeing that. This has a unique compelling opportunity. And so, we’ve received a lot of phone calls already around that. And we’re very confident, once the data room is opened that we will be able to proceed in timely manner and advance to a sale of that asset.
Dave Hager: I’ll do that, Arun, and then I’m going to turn the call over to John Raines who is our Business Unit Vice President. He’ll be able to give you a little bit more granular information. But again, Arun, I think we’ve commented in the past that this area in Todd is a special area; it’s got additional sweet spot at the top of the second Bone Spring wells that we have mapped out extremely well. The guys have done a lot of subsurface technical work on the area. We knew it was going to be special area, didn’t understand how special it would be once we started producing the wells. But the Boundary Raider wells followed by these 10 wells in Phase 1 have been outstanding. And I’m going to let John describe where we get to in Phase 2.
Dave Hager: I think, we overall characterize it to be about 70% well performance and a 30% well timing, moving up to well timing of it. And -- but just to be clear on that, Scott, what we really did with our increase of 200 basis points to the 2019 oil guidance, we only took into account the actual results from Q1. We did not adjust up any future activities. And John just mentioned a couple wells early on that are exceeding expectations. Of course, that is early, and we feel good about the program. But we thought the most appropriate thing, and perhaps a somewhat conservative thing right now is to just adjust out for the Q1 activity and then see how we perform on the remainder of the activity and then make adjustments, if appropriate, then.
Dave Hager: Yes. I’d say, we’re probably going to keep it at least flat as we add more inventory, if there is additional appraisal work.
Dave Hager: We’re testing the Turner right now. And we’re probably saying that something more appropriate to three wells per section is going to be what we land on there in the Turner. I’m going to turn the call over to Aaron Ketter who’s head of our Rocky Mountain business unit. 
Dave Hager: Well, we are very encouraged with the working relationship that we have with BP; it’s been a great relationship so far, our great exchange of technical views on the asset. And as a result, we think that we are -- our view of the asset frankly has improved. And we see a good growing inventory out there. Obviously, it’s -- in addition to that, it’s a high margin asset with the Gulf Coast type pricing plus that you get for the asset and generate significant free cash flow. So, we’re extremely pleased to have that as part of our inventory for the new Devon company. 
Dave Hager: I may just start off. I think we view the STACK as really one of our flex assets, so we have that. We are going to maintain capital discipline as a company, and it’s going to be a significant free cash flow generator for the Company. But, it’s one of the assets, given the success we’re having into Delaware, the growth we’re seeing with the opportunities we have in the Rockies, the program that we’ve lined out with BP and Eagle Ford, it’s the one asset that we have the ability to really flex the rig count up and down, while generating significant free cash flow. So, having said that, Wade, may be able to walk through a little bit more of the operational milestones that we’re looking at for over the next year or so.
Dave Hager: No, nothing has really changed with that. Well, I think the only reason we dropped that off is that we have already laid out that plan, that we plan to execute with the New Devon. And we are committed to staying with that plan that we’ve already laid out. So I wouldn’t say that operationally there is any change at all. It’s just that from a, I guess, that slide standpoint, we have already communicated what the plan is. People understand what the plan is, we have no plans to change that. We are going to be very disciplined from a capital standpoint and focus on the high-return areas in our New Devon. So really, the optionality is not around changing that plan. The optionality is around the other -- everything else that we’ve laid out there. But there’s no -- I would not look at it as any sort of strategic change at all.
Dave Hager: We don’t think so. And there are obviously a lot of variables that are going on, but the company that we’re talking to are long term players there. They’re sophisticated players, they understand all the variables that are sitting out there. Obviously prices have improved somewhat, differentials have improved in the shorter term, while longer term, it looks like the differentials are trending more toward real economics. These guys all understand all these variables quite well, and I wouldn’t isolate any one variable in here as being really the most important in order to move forward with this.
Dave Hager: That’s entirely fair, David. We are not signaling anything. We’re just saying that the first $3 billion of proceeds from the sale of the Canada and the Barnett will go to debt reduction and that’s what we’ve said. Before we began the process, that’s what we’re saying today. So there’s no signaling at all going on.
Dave Hager: No, Paul, you’re right. Spot on economic and realization standpoint when you marry the hedges that we have in place, we’re in a great spot there. We’re -- I think our hedges are about $1.45 off of Henry Hub. So as compared to some of the other noise you’ve seen in the basin here over the last several months, we’re getting a really nice realized price there from a flow assurance standpoint. With the scale that we have operationally, the long term contracts that we have, we actually avoid physically blaming at Waha. Our gas goes to EPMG and then with the firm sales that we have with our long-term customers, that gas actually moves to the west. So we have not seen any issues on moving our gas and feel really good about the flow assurance there.
John Raines: Yes. Arun, it’s a good question. Following specifically on Cat Scratch 1.0, the full program of 10 wells is a mix of single-mile wells, mile and a half wells and the two-mile wells, we obviously highlighted here in the quarterly option for it. We had three single mile wells, and two one-mile-and-a-half wells. As we contrast that to Phase 2, right now, we’re planning on having six one-mile-and-a-half laterals, two two-mile laterals, and two single-mile laterals. And I’d say, the big difference between the two projects, as we go east, obviously we’ve had significant outperformance on the first phase of the project. I would note and be transparent that we have not made upward adjustments to our expectations for Phase 2. And the reasons for that, one, we have a little bit of thinning in the pay in our upper second Bone Spring sweet spot. As you move east, this project does move east with a little bit of water as well. But, what I would say is, we’re highly confident in Cat Scratch 2.0. And the last two wells that we brought on in Cat Scratch 1.0 were approximately located in and around the area of the majority of the Cat Scratch 2.0 wells and they are exceeding our forecast to type curves based on early time results.
John Raines: Yes. I’d say, the number we disclosed, the 2,000 locations, really represents what we feel good about today in terms of our characterizations. If you take a look at our unrisked count, we’re at about 5,000 potential locations. And that represents potential future inventory and acreage positions that aren’t necessarily within our core five areas that we tend to talk about. And one thing that we’ve seeing out here with heavy industry activity, industry is going to help us derisk some of that inventory. And then, as Dave mentioned, 90% to 95% of the current year program is for development type of inventory. But, we have a very meticulously planned appraisal roadmap. But we’re planning our key appraisal projects by chance of or a probability of success as well as the NAV that they bring into our development inventory. And right now, we’ve focused mainly on advancing our Leonard and Wolfcamp programs in our Todd, Cotton Draw areas. So, feel really good about the inventory situation, even beyond the 2,000 that we disclosed in the ops report.
John Raines: This is John. I think what we’re trying to represent in that slide is just the full column of opportunity there. I’d say for the most part, we have tested the majority of these potential landing zones in our Thistle and Rattlesnake areas. As we move west in the play, we’ve got more appraisal to do in the Leonard, in Cotton Draw and Todd, as well as the Wolf Camp, in Cotton Draw and Todd. And then, right now we’re drilling our first Wolf Camp development spacing test in our Potato Basin area. So, I wouldn’t give you a percentage but that just generally tells you how we’re progressing the derisking of our five core areas in Delaware Basin.
John Raines: Yes. This is John. With respect to the spacing, we’re very confident in the four wells per section. So, that is the plan that we’re currently executing out there in the drilling phase. We do feel that this is a sweet spot in our Todd area. So, the overall inventory associated with the project is quite limited to the two phases of Cat Scratch Fever. Back with respect to your earlier question around the contribution to the first quarter beat, I would say that most of that is driven by the Cat Scratch Fever Phase 1 program. These wells exceeded significantly our type curve estimates and each of those wells, in particular the five two-mile wells, approximately 60 days in are still exceeding our forecasted production by about 1,000 barrels a day each. So, you could see, it’s delivering quite a bit of the beat in the first quarter.
John Raines: I’d say with respect to your latter question, we feel like the derisking that we’re undertaking in the Delaware Basin, not only Devon but industry, will result in an increase in the number of locations, not necessarily landing zones. I think, we’ve laid those out on slide 16. But, we feel that overall it will increase the number of locations. With respect to our three core programs on a rate of return basis, one thing that’s unique a little bit about the Devon position, we’ve got five core areas of consolidated acreage, each of which has some difference in the geology. So, our characterizations vary across those five areas. But generally speaking, all of these are very competitive programs with rates of return that exceed on a burden basis north of 40%. Again, depending on which area we’re drilling, the Bone Spring could be better than the Wolfcamp, the Wolfcamp could be better than Rattlesnake. But generally speaking, they’re all very competitive.
Wade Hutchings: Sure. Happy to do that, Dave. I would just reiterate, now that we’re about four months into the year, our month-to-month, quarter-to-quarter plan on rigs and crews is proceeding really quite close to our original yearly plan. And let me give you a little bit of context for what you see in our 2Q guide. Essentially, what you’re seeing there is the execution of our plan in the Rockies, where we had indicated that we would be building enough inventory to support a full-time frac crew. That crew is now in the field. And so, that’s contributing to that second quarter guide, as well, we have very specific project in the Delaware Basin where we’re bringing in a spot crew that spans part of the second quarter and third quarter. So, that’s what’s contributing essentially to the second quarter being our peak of activity for the year. When you look at it on a more full-year basis, in the second half, you should see our capital roughly average a touch under $500 million a quarter. That’s really driven by the planned reduction of one frac crew in the STACK in the second half of the year, and then, essentially, the completion of this midyear spot crew in the Delaware, and actually the completion of some increased spot activity in the Eagle Ford in the middle of the year. So, again, very confident in the full-year guide we’ve given and are able to use the flexibly we have in our programs to ensure that we’ll meet that guidance.
Wade Hutchings: Yes. Good morning, Doug. Yes. We’re certainly pleased by the new spacing projects that we now have on line. If you look there on slide 17 of the ops report, you’ll see we’re giving you a third -- about a 60-day update on three of those keys. You can see all three of them are actually at or above our expectations. And if you recall, that’s our new infill type curve expectations for this core volatile oil area to play. If anything, we’re seeing slightly better oil rates than that type curve suggested. So, yes, broadly, we’re encouraged by that. I would say, our capital allocation for the STACK for the year is essentially based on that kind of result. And so, at the current moment, I don’t know that we’re anticipating a significant shift of capital in the stack relative to our 2019 plan. One last key point is the key thing that’s also driving our continued investment in the STACK in addition to this well performance, is we are seeing the impacts of our optimized stimulation design, which we’re quite confident is giving us at or better stimulation than we’ve had in the past at lower capital costs.
Wade Hutchings: That’s certainly always a possibility. I’d say today, based on the results we have we’re comfortable with that type curve. But, we’re going to get a lot of new results over the next few projects. And we’ll certainly revise that upward as warranted by the results. I’d just say, again, we’re encouraged by these first few more optimally spaced projects that we’ve now got in the ground.
Wade Hutchings: Hey, Doug, this is Wade Hutchings. Hey, Doug, let me add a little bit more high level color here. I think for clarity, we would note, all of these life of inventory calculations are at today’s activity levels. So, that’s just one clarification. Last quarter, we essentially introduced a new set of more clear, transparent information about our inventory. And so, if you recall, last quarter we talked about at the four-basin levels, 4,200 high-quality locations, the 2,000 in the Delaware are part of that. There is a couple of really key points I want to make. First, different than any of the disclosures we’ve made in the past on inventory, those numbers are operated only. And so, we’ve really focused in our characterization approach on where are we confident that we will operate on the acreage we have. And so, that’s one of the key differences from what we’ve told you in the past. And so, when we talk about 2,000 high-quality locations in the Delaware, those we have a significant amount of confidence in. And as John noted, when we look at that at higher price points or even on an unrisked basis, that operated number of goes well over 5,000 locations. So, we’re actually encouraged by the depth of inventory we have in the Delaware today and certainly that’s why you’re seeing a capital flow there. One of the other things we’d note is, as we focused in on our operated positions, the teams have done an excellent job of improving the size and scale of that through lots of trades. So, our non-operated positions have actually strong. And as we have traded those non-op positions or core operated positions, one of the key things that’s allowed us to do is turn more of our inventory from 5,000 to 10,000-foot locations.
Wade Hutchings: Yes. Happy to do so, Dave. I think for 2019, our primary focus is continuing to develop the core volatile oil part of the play, continuing to execute on this new optimized spacing program that we have. We do, however, this year have two pretty important appraisal tests of development mode in the more liquids-rich gas condensate window. And so those results are pretty critical to inform our plans for 2020 and 2021. And so as those results come to a mature state; we’ll certainly be sharing those with you. So I’d say that’s really the key milestones for the year, is determining the depth of extent of the core volatile oil window that we can continue to develop and then the running room in that gas condensate window. But, I’d just reiterate Dave’s point. We’ve now gotten the STACK play to a spot where it’s generating material cash flow for us, somewhere on the order of $300 million a year, and so we see it as a -- as a really important part of funding our future growth objectives across the enterprise.
Wade Hutchings: Sure. Let me address two key parts of your question. I think to the question of where will the first dollar come out if we need flexibility to stay within our capital guidance. Short answer to that is, we had a lot of flexibility in the STACK area and that’s likely where that first dollar would come out. Back to your earlier question on the improvements that we continue to see in cycle times and the opportunity we continue to capture at pulling-forward IDs. There’s a lot of things that drive that, but we have a fairly intense focus today on all of the whitespace in our capital execution programs between when we spud a well and when we’re able to bring that well on line. And many of the times that you’ve seen us pull forward IDs, those are simply because we’ve found areas in that whitespace to eliminate. And so we’re able to get the well online sooner even though our basic execution timeline of spuds may not have changed materially.
