David Hager: The Cana plant is already online. This is Dave, David. It came on in the fourth quarter, so that's really...
David Hager: That's true. Probably the biggest driver for the second quarter volume is we have a program in the Barnett where we drilled from a couple of pads underneath like Benbrook. And we have 20 wells on the first of those pads that we're been bringing on, and we've already ramped that up here in the second quarter to $47 million a day. And that all happened after the end of the first quarter.
David Hager: Well, it has the potential to be significant. We're going to drill probably on the order of 15 or so wells in the Viking this year. I think the primary variable there, David, is not so much as the reservoir there. We're pretty confident we have the reservoir there for somewhere between 1,000 and 2,000 locations. The primary variable is can we get the cost down so that it competes effectively within our portfolio. We have a pretty high grade of portfolio and that's why we're going to start drilling out there and see if we can achieve the efficiencies we think we can to make it economic within our portfolio. We're estimating recovery about 50,000 barrels per well and drilling completing cost of around $1.2 million, $1.3 million. So we need to get to that to make it compete well.
David Hager: Hi, Dave. We are very, very pleased with the results that we're achieving both in the first and second Bone Springs, as well as the third Bone Springs. And at this point, we're still wanting to get a little bit more production history before we revise our numbers upward. But I can tell you that the results we've seen so far have been very encouraging. We're certainly confident we're at the upper end of the range that we said previously. And hopefully, with a little more production history, we're going to revise those up further.
David Hager: Yes, the third Bone Spring is significantly deeper. So those wells are quite a bit more expensive to drill, yes. And the cost range from the first and second probably around 4.5 to 5 drilled and completed and up to 6.5 to 7.5 on this third Bone Springs.
David Hager: Well, we're seeing production growth across several areas within the portfolio, particularly on the oil and natural gas liquids side. But when you look at overall portfolio, just to give you an idea, just on the oil and natural gas liquids which is where our primary growth is, we anticipate growing volumes on the order of about 12 million barrels or so this year. Then about 6 million of that would be on the oil side in the Permian and Jackfish area. And then another 6 million or so primarily in natural gas liquids in Cana, Barnett and Granite Wash.
David Hager: Well, yes, let me just give you a few of the things that we like about the Tuscaloosa Shale. And having said that, this is a frontier place, so I do want to mischaracterize it as something else because -- and frankly, we have been leading the industry by taking our position here. So it is a frontier play. But let me tell you some of the things that we do like about the play that give us reason for encouragement. It is the stratigraphic equivalent to the Eagle Ford Shale. It is deeper than Eagle Ford Shale about 11,000 to 14,000 foot depth, but it is a stratigraphic equivalent to it. There has been oil production established up dip in the Tuscaloosa Shale also. There have been some vertical wells that have been drilled in there that indicates that you're getting for a shale-type play, that has good porosity and permeability. We're also seeing some carbonates in there, which indicate that maybe somewhat brittle and able to be fractured. We've seen IPs on the vertical wells up to 300 barrels per day. They were just about -- just a very small number of horizontal wells have been drilled a couple or 3 years ago, and they were of limited horizontal link on the order of 1,500 to 2,000 foot with only 3 stages. But they tested up to 500 barrels per day from these very limited and minimally frac-ed wells. So all of those give us reasons for encouragement. Now having said that, it's very early on, and we're going to start drilling some horizontal wells, we need to get more data on rock frac-ability. And there are some sands below that are wet, we need to stay away from those. We need to get more information on the phase, oil and natural gas because just aren't that many wells. We know exactly who are on the play, the boundaries between those are. So there are some risks associated with it. I don't want to mislead you. But there are some encouraging qualities to establish a 250,000-acre position for less than $50 million, that's kind of thing we're successful. We can create an awful lot of value.
David Hager: I'm not familiar with that. It's possible, Mark. I don't -- I heard that name. I can tell you there hasn't been a lot of other leasing activity to date, which is one of the reasons we're excited we're able to get in there for such and get a strong position for such a low cost.
David Hager: It's just a handful of vertical wells. I don't have an exact number of it. And about 3 or so horizontal wells were drilled about 3 years ago I think, 3 or 4.
David Hager: Yes. Just so you know, I mean, the Tuscaloosa Shale, I worked at this play as a geophysicist 25 years ago by the way, not for the shale but there are some sands just beneath there that everybody was drilling for 25 years ago. There's a lot of wells have gone through the Tuscaloosa Shale, but the wells I'm talking about are ones that are actually completed in the Tuscaloosa Shale.
David Hager: Yes, there are -- the Bone Springs interval does tend to overlap somewhat with the Eastern portion of the Avalon. So yes, they are the same acreage, you can see prospectively on both of it in some of the areas, yes.
David Hager: Probably somewhere 3 to 5, I would say something like that. Over a lot of the acreage we see, the Avalon -- and even within the Avalon, there are different benches in the Avalon. So it's not all -- it's not just a single perspective zone there. And then over most of the Avalon, you have both, as John said, the Wolfcamp and the upper Penn shale is prospective. Then over a portion of the acreage, same acreage is where the Bone Spring is prospective. I also have Delaware potential out there as well, if you haven't gone into those. There are several different zones.
David Hager: I wouldn't say we're seeing anything significantly different as primarily the higher IPs, although I can tell you that just about every year for the past 5 or 6 years, we've had positive reserve revisions in the Barnett as we see showered declines and we had booked.
David Hager: Well, we're going to stay, as I said, we're going to stay -- we were temporarily at 14 rigs we've showed up in the new table we've put in the earnings release. But the reality is, we'll be back to 12 here fairly soon and stay there for the rest of the year, and we're very comfortable. But when we look at allocating capital, we look at it on a company-wide basis. So we'll take a look later on this year and see where it looks like the best decision is for -- and get the most out of our capital for next year. But we're certainly extremely pleased with the results of being able to actually grow production this year versus last year in the Barnett with 12 rigs and throw off after CapEx of over $400 million. It's outstanding results.
David Hager: We'll be filing or posting the details to our website later today, but we gave a summary in the call today. Let's see, that was -- go ahead and pick that up, if you know...
David Hager: Well, it's pretty early on here. And obviously, the first well are going to be more science well, as I said, where we're going to do a lot more we're not going to have the efficiencies that we think we'll have in later wells. We think probably, eventually that somewhere around $12 million range is somewhere where we will be looking at drilling and complete.
David Hager: No significant changes, I would say, in the Cherokee. What we're doing there or in any of these really, I wouldn't say, no. We've had pretty good success on the completion of those and we may be adding a couple of frac stages, but there's nothing that's material different that one quarter versus the other, John.
David Hager: Yes, the Parkman, there isn't as much activity going on around there. We have seen a couple of plays historically, there've been made in the Parkman, El Paso, made a play 2 or 3 years ago. That was not too far away from it in a similar type play. The Parkman is really it's a different place. The Parkman itself is more of your stratigraphic trap. It is actually a sand and you're just looking at a stratigraphic trap typically 1 to 2 miles wide and perhaps many miles long. And then what you're really looking is with many of these, whether it's somewhat tighter sands though that are more easily developed and much more economically developed with horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing. And so that's what we're really doing there is taking advantage in these tighter sands of new technology and producing the increase in the ultimate recoveries of these wells through hydraulic fracturing and horizontal drilling.
David Hager: Well, let me give you a perspective here. We gave it -- and these numbers change day-to-day as our geologists are working here. But if you say that right now, that our -- we give our Rockies exploration program maybe 200 million barrels of risk potential, I'd say that the Parkman is not the biggest one, and maybe -- and we may change our minds as we drill more well. There's probably more on the order of 20 million, 30 million barrels of that potential. The biggest potential out there we think is the Niobrara. And we're drilling our first Niobrara well right now. We think that has 100 million barrel plus risk potential in the Powder River. So it's a nice play, but I think the bigger potential probably is Niobrara and also in the Maori.
Vincent White: Yes, that's a gross risk location number, Dave. This is Vince. And our average working interest is somewhere around 50%.
Vincent White: Yes, this is Vince. I would not assume that we're going to be $400 million over for the full year. Of course, the capital budget is fluid with changes in the macro environment and drilling results. And clearly, these were unanticipated nonparticipations by working interest owners and a high level of OBO activity. But I don't think you can extrapolate that, not over for the full year. So we think this likely pushes as high in the range. We had a pretty broad range, but we don't have any reason to believe we're going to be out of range at this point.
Vincent White: Okay. Operator, I'm showing the top of the hour. We're going to cut it off at this point. As usual, the Investor Relations staff will be around the rest of the day for any questions we didn't get to. Thank you for participating in today's call.
John Richels: And David, you will recall as well that as you're well aware, most of the line in Canada is leased from the Crown but this is fee acreage that we have, so that also helps to improve the economics.
John Richels: And one of the really high growth areas of course is the Cana. We got tremendous resorts that near about 40 miles outside of Oklahoma City. And when you look at our production history, I think we're, if my memory serves me correctly, we're at about 113 million a day in the fourth quarter of 2010. And by the end of this year, that's going to ramp up to 250 million a day, and our liquids volumes are going to go from 4,000 or so or probably up 4,000 or 5,000, up to about 14,000 at the end of 2011. So that's a significant increase.
John Richels: Mark, it's John. We have made an application and believe that the 3 Jackfish projects will be part of -- will be considered as one project or have a ring fence for royalty purposes. The Pike development will likely be a separate project.
John Richels: We have not at this point had confirmation of that, but it seems to meet all of the requirements. And so we expect that, that will get that kind of treatment, Mark.
John Richels: And Brian, you recall there are also some additional horizons that overlap. They're not all directly overlap as Dave said, but portions of it overlap in some of the other places in that area as well like the Wolfcamp Shale and the UPS and some other zones that are prospective and that we're going to be taking a look at throughout the year as well.
John Richels: I think Mark, the process is going about as expected. We filed the application in the Fall. We're going through the regular part of the process. We don't have any reason to think that it's not on track on the timetable that we expected. So if we were to get that approval optimistically, we thought around the end of the year probably more likely at the beginning of 2012 sometime and we'll get in there and put a shovel in the ground as soon as we can.
John Richels: And Mark, you recall that we talked about the fact that we got 7,000 risk locations in the Barnett, about 2,500 to 3,000 of them are probably in the liquids-rich area. So we're really focusing on drilling in the liquids-rich areas. And frankly, what we're trying to do is optimize our plant capacity and our throughput. We've got the biggest plant in that area, and we're drilling in those liquids-rich areas having regard to what our capacity is.
John Richels: Ross, we got a pretty big portfolio now and a portfolio that we really like. So whereas it's the right thing for us to get out there and continue in some of these new venture areas and some of these first mover position like Dave said, where we can put acreage together for a few hundred bucks an acre. We really don't have an appetite for acquisitions because it's not going to make us -- in most cases, it's not going to be accretive to our asset base at today's prices. If you look at it, most companies even on the gas side are still being discounted at a slightly higher price than the strips. So that's not likely. We will continue to build our positions though on some of these new venture areas where it makes sense.
Jeffrey Agosta: This is Jeff Agosta. When we gave you an estimate of $8 billion in after-tax proceeds from our completed sales, that did contemplate a large portion of tax paid on repatriation. The $3.2 billion of proceeds from Brazil specifically is that deal was structured as tax-free as long as those funds remain outside the United States. So we will leave those outside of the United States until we get some more clarity around any potential change in U.S. tax law that would encourage a repatriation of funds to the United States.
Jeffrey Agosta: That's correct. We would just leave it and park it as a short-term investment or to the extent that we had incremental opportunities in Canada, we would be putting that money to work in Canada.
Jeffrey Agosta: I think we're about 50% hedged on natural gas in the second quarter of this year, and we're about 1/3 hedged on natural gas for the second half of the year. And those protected prices are in the high $4.90s, so close to $5 in Mcf. We're about -- on natural gas for 2012, we're only about $400 million a day hedged out of about -- so we're about 17% to 18% hedged for 2012, natural gas at a protected price of about $4.95.
Jeffrey Agosta: Correct. And then on crude oil, we're about 50% hedged for next year. We've got about 76,000 barrels per day hedged next year. 22,000 barrels of which is swapped at about $107 a barrel with collars on the remainder, protecting a floor price of $86 a barrel with participation in the upside up to $126 per barrel.
Jeffrey Agosta: No, we don't have a target debt to cap. We don't manage our balance sheet around that particular metric. What we do try and maintain is maximum financial flexibility and a strong investment grade credit rating. We have our credit ratings right now are Baa1 and BBB+ by Moody's and S&P, Fitch, respectively. And that's really the rating that we target for and manage our balance sheet accordingly.
Jeffrey Agosta: Well, our short-term borrowings I would project as we continue to execute on our share repurchase program, our short-term borrowings will continue to escalate. We do have that $1.75 billion bond that matures at the end of September this year that we will be looking at what portion of that we might refinance versus pulling the short-term borrowings. And so I would expect that our headline debt number would continue to increase as long as we leave those proceeds offshore.
Jeffrey Agosta: It'll all depend on the capital markets and the cost of short-term funds. I mean, right now, we're funding in the short-term market at very attractive rates, sub-30 basis points. So that's pretty compelling.
