Scott Coody: Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining us on the call today. Last night, we issued an earnings release and presentation that covers our results for the quarter and updated outlook for the year. Throughout the call today, we will make references to our first quarter earnings presentation to support our prepared remarks, and these slides can be found on our website at devonenergy.com. Also joining me on the call today are Dave Hager, our President and CEO; David Harris, our Executive Vice President of Exploration and Production; Jeff Ritenour, our Chief Financial Officer; and a few other members of our senior management team. Comments on the call today will include plans, forecasts and estimates that are forward-looking statements under US Securities law. These comments are subject to assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements. Please take note of the cautionary language and the risk factors provided in our SEC filings and earnings materials. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Dave.
Scott Coody: Thanks, Dave. We'll now open the call to Q&A. Please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. This allows us to get to more of your questions on the call today. With that, operator, we’ll take our first question. 
Scott Coody: Well, it looks like we've made it through all of our questions in the queue today. I appreciate everyone's interest in Devon. And if you have any further questions, feel free to reach out to the Investor Relations team at any time. Thank you for your interest.
Dave Hager: Absolutely Arun. I'm going to turn the call over to David Harris, our Executive Vice President of E&P, I think has a lot of details around that question. But I can tell you, it's real as a result of outstanding work that is being done by our team here and we're not done. So, with that, I'll turn it over to David.
Dave Hager: And Neal, one thing I might add, you didn't ask, but I'll put it in there for context. With the -- I suspect that we are using a very, very similar methodology for determining whether to shut-in as other people in the industry when the revenue does not exceed the variable expense of producing those variables. What this really shows is the high-quality of our asset base, the high-quality of those barrels. And in addition, the very low operating expense that we have in our key producing areas. And so it's not a methodology difference. I don't believe at all, but is a reflection of the quality of our asset position, which I think is important not only to consider for shut ins, but to think about the quality of the assets that underpinned the success of -- the future success of the company.
Dave Hager: That's not on the front of our mind right now. We are absolutely focused on our financial strength and liquidity. Until we understand better the depth and duration of what we're dealing with here with the demand losses leading to lower prices, we are absolutely focused on that. We recognize that we have the capability, operational capability, the organizational capability to be a consolidator, but that's not at all where we're focused right now. We are focused on coming out of this downturn as a very strong company and we're confident we're going to be able to do it and no focus on the acquisition side right now.
Dave Hager: Yes Paul. Historically we’ve thought about that been around $500 million, so obviously we’re well north of that today, but if we get to more of a normalized environment, that would be our expectation as something in that $500 million range.
Dave Hager: No. I would -- we feel that, the 100 DUCs are essentially just a good working level of DUCs given our activity levels. And so the point, we're trying to make is that we have not included the drawdown of those DUCs to show what our maintenance capital, as I think some other companies have talked about that fact, frankly, that they say park when they calculate maintenance capital. That they are including, draw down of DUCs which we think is not really matches what the actual definition of maintenance capital. It should just include a more static level that is consistent with the ongoing business. Now, the 100 DUCs is going to allow us absolutely the ability to restart the business very quickly, since we're not drawing those down. So that is another reason, and we feel good about moving into 2021.
Dave Hager: Brian, directionally, I would say, you probably need to think in terms of a sustainable $40 to $45 WTI before we would go out of maintenance capital mode and start looking at growth again.
Dave Hager: I think there's a potential for the whole industry to get better, but that's okay. We'll be even better than that at the end. So, that's all right.
David Harris: Good morning Arun, and thanks for the question. Yes, we appreciate that this is a really outstanding result. It's the culmination of a lot of hard work over the last several years across our teams, across disciplines. But as Dave said, we're not done. And so, that $705 a foot is the average cost performance that we saw in Q1. I think you're probably right to characterize it as leading edge, but one of the things that we've really focused on internally, there's really a relentless drive for continuous improvement. And so, we continue to try to turn that leading-edge performance into our P50 performance. So, one of the things I'd encourage you to look at, not just from a cost perspective, we also disclose our drilling and completion per foot per day metrics to try to give you a sense on a normalized for cost basis what the performance looks like, and so that's really the way that we try to measure ourselves, that's what we control. We don't think just presenting cost numbers, that may have some deflation in them. It is the right way to really hold yourself accountable and measure step change in performance. Certainly, there's a little bit of that in ours, but our objective is to turn all those into structural change and drive those into the plan going forward, which I think is a big part of what you're seeing in terms of the step change in maintenance capital levels and things like that. And so, not just as that Wolfcamp-only performance, really competitive -- exceeding, as you said by a couple of hundred million dollars, other peers in Delaware, if you look at the performance, if you pull in our performance in all zones, not just the Wolfcamp and the Delaware in the first quarter, that number is actually about $600 a foot. So, this isn't a function of just picking a couple of data points and trying to make to make it look good. This is the continued quarter-over-quarter improvement that you are seeing the teams really do a great job at driving. To your question about the facility side, if you fully burden these pads with facilities expense, it probably pushes that average up to about $100 a foot or $100 a foot on top of what we've disclosed there, but even with that, still well south of where we believe our peers are even without facilities in their numbers.
David Harris: No, I think you've said it well in terms of what the forward profile would look like around those kinds of assumptions. Obviously, a lot of volatility in the market, but I think that's indicative of what we believe the business can deliver.
David Harris: Good morning, Doug. To your specific question around the decline rate, probably premature to give you a real specific number just given the number of potential moving parts here -- as we go throughout the year, but the level set you. You know, as we headed into 2020, we were looking at a first year oil decline rate probably in high 30s. And so certainly would be my expectation as we move to this more moderate spend and activity level, that you absolutely ought to see that decline rate trend into the low 30s here over the next year or so.
David Harris: Good morning, Neal. This is David Harris. You know from the standpoint of our curtailments, I'd remind you that of the approximately 10,000 barrels of oil a day, we currently expect to have curtailed about -- about 20% of that would be actual shut-ins and about 80% would be restricting flow rates and pushing IDs back. And so as you know, particularly from a shut-in perspective, we're trying to ascertain whether we believe the revenues are going to exceed the variable cost. And so -- that analysis would hold -- as you look just to potentially bring those wells back on. So kind of the same analysis that we do going in. We'll do coming back out in order to determine when the right time to bring those shut-in wells back on. I would say in terms of the curtailment bucket, in terms of restricted flowbacks and things like that, we're probably going to air on the side. You know, even though we've seen a bit of improvement here, week over week in prices still doesn't feel like the right thing to do to push a bunch of flush production even into this kind of market. So I would expect you'll see us be fairly conservative on that front.
David Harris: Janine, it's David. Yes, I think from our standpoint, look, we're -- first of all, you start with flow assurance, right? You got to make sure you can move the molecules. We feel really good about that. Then you turn to that economic analysis that you described. And from our perspective, our objective is to maximize cash flow. And so to the extent that we believe that the revenues are going to exceed those costs and generate positive cash flow, we believe that's the right answer. We've heard some of that commentary as well. Jeff can chime in here and give you more color. But I think what we would suggest to you is based on the analysis we've done you probably need a lot more contango than you see in the market today to really make that math go around. And so whether or not that's really a motivating other people's decisions or not, it's hard for us to say. But we feel comfortable with the approach we've taken. We absolutely believe it's the right answer from a multiyear perspective.
David Harris: Josh, this is David. Yes, I think directionally, you're right. I think you would expect to see a bit of decline on the NGL on the gas side to hold that oil flat. Year-over-year, it's probably a little bit of growth in Delaware with sort of the other three key assets offsetting that just a little bit.
David Harris: No. We don't think that's a big risk. I think that's part of how we've looked at the different variables and thinking about why the current activity level is the right level for us. So no, we feel like we can continue to not just maintain the level of efficiency you've seen, but continue to drive it forward. And the one thing I would remind you, I mean, we've talked a lot about the cost side of the equation this morning. And certainly, that's important. Remember that the capital efficiency piece has also got a productivity component in there. And so you've seen our productivity results from our wells, not just in the Wolfcamp, but across the Delaware and the rest of the portfolio. Clearly, those are competitive with what we think anything -- anybody is doing in the industry. And so we're not just trying to cut costs at the sake of -- at the risk of jeopardizing productivity. We're going to continue to focus on both aspects of that equation to maximize that result going forward.
David Harris: Thanks for the question. I would say, it’s a bit difficult to give you a rank order today, a lot is going to depend on gas and NGL prices. We've obviously got a lot of optionality in the stack out there. You're exactly right. The powder results in the Teapot have been impressive continue to have a really low breakeven cost. One of the things we highlighted that, that basin our highest margin asset in the portfolio for the quarter. It's a high oil cut. It's a light high-quality oil that we think is really desirable. So it's got a lot of torque to higher prices. And don't forget the Eagle Ford, we've got a lot of exciting stuff going there from a redevelopment and an infill perspective that, we think is going to meaningfully extend the life of really highly competitive economic work to do there. And so across those three they all have a little bit of a mix from an oil, gas and NGL perspective. So we like all three of them. We think all three of them have an important place in the portfolio going forward, but a rank order really going to depend on what kind of assumptions you want to make across the three streams.
David Harris: Yes. Certainly. I don’t think we intend that, that to diverge from Dave's comments really around what we believe the more appropriate growth rate for the industry and for Devon likely is, I do think it does give us in a pretty volatile environment, some good flexibility and optionality as we think about how we want to restart those and at what pace.
David Harris: Brian, this is David. I think from our perspective, I think we have a lot of confidence that it's our assets and it’s the high level that our teams are performing at. It can't be noted enough. I think the execution you're seeing is the result of a lot of really seamless integration across multiple disciplines that are driving that cost result. And so I think from our perspective, if you look at the sort of costs that we're putting up relative to what you're seeing from others. Certainly, we feel like that is highly unique to us. And you couple that with what we believe are best-in-class assets and that gets you to what we think is a really differentiated result.
David Harris: Charles, this is David. The number that we've given you reflects decisions we've made for April and May. So those are things that that we've already done and we have forecasted out for the quarter. For the production month of June those decisions will be made here over the next couple of weeks. And so it's hard to -- it feels better than it did last week, but it's hard to predict just given the amount of volatility we've seen in the market, what exactly June will look like in terms of the decisions we make.
Jeff Ritenour: Paul, this is Jeff. Yes. So absolutely, a component of that $250 million is certainly variable. And so as you see production increase into the future, you'll see some of those costs come back as we get more active into the future. But there's also some very significant pieces related to our G&A cost structure and otherwise, that we expect to be permanent going forward. So you also had a severance tax credit in there, which is cash in the door, which we're happy to include that in our 2020 results as well. So going forward, we think it's going to be impactful for the long-term cost structure.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, Paul. So yes, so roughly about $100 million of that $250 million is what we would suggest is not going to move up with additional activity into the future.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, Jeanine, this is Jeff. So on 2020, as it relates to our -- the new capital program that we rolled out for at $1 billion, we're obviously having the benefit of the hedges that we have in 2020. But our breakeven price now is -- we built the program around kind of a $20 oil price for the rest of the year. So you've got the actuals for the first quarter and then roughly $20 oil for the remainder of the year, and that gets you kind of to a free cash flow neutral standpoint before you get your asset sale proceeds. And then going forward, the answer the second part of your question, we really -- our primary directive for 2020 was all about maintaining our liquidity through the end of the year. Obviously, as Dave described earlier, we don't have a good sense yet of the depth and duration of the downturn. So we wanted to make sure we maximized our liquidity through the remainder of 2020, so that we can walk into 2021 and hopefully build upon our operational momentum. And potentially, in the future, we might, to your point, have to lean on the balance sheet a little bit more. But our intention for 2020 is not to do that. So we want to maintain or, frankly, improve upon our cash balance and liquidity position as we work through 2020.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. Jeanine, this is Jeff. I would just echo David's comments. From our standpoint, to the extent we can get revenues above that variable cost, that's incremental cash margin that offsets our fixed cost, which again, supports our primary directive of maintaining and growing our liquidity position. So, as David said, you've got to have pretty significant contango in the market to really shut-in wells for any sort of duration. So we feel -- and again, it goes to the comment that Dave made earlier in the call, it goes to the quality of our asset base and the low fixed cost or excuse me, variable costs that we have in each of our operating basins.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. No, absolutely. I appreciate the question. Obviously, at this point, we think it's too soon to jump out there and repurchase that even though we do have some issues trading at a discount. Our intention at the moment is to maintain and build upon our liquidity through the end of the year. As we get better clarity around the kind of the depth and duration of the downturn, that is absolutely something that will be on the top of our priority list, as Dave mentioned earlier, which is to further reduce leverage. So, we'll look at opportunities to jump out there and repurchase debt. And then beyond that, it's going to be returning cash to shareholders as we talked about in the past. So as Dave mentioned, we'll look at different dividend strategies and potentially share repurchases at some point in the future.
Jeff Ritenour: No, absolutely not. No, we've suspended the stock program, stock repurchase program, obviously, given the current environment to, again, protect our liquidity and so we won't have any -- we don't expect to have any share repurchase for the remainder of this year.
Jeff Ritenour: Hey Brian, yes, this is Jeff. Yes, as we said before, our absolute priority would be to reduce leverage going forward and get to that one times net debt -- or frankly, lower on that net debt to EBITDA ratio. So, that's going to be in the front of our mind as we move. And again, the growth rate for us is an output of the inputs, right? As we think about our business, number one, ensuring that we have the financial flexibility and strength that we want. We've highlighted that with that net debt to EBITDA target as one measure that we look at. We're committed to running the business to be at worse neutral on free cash flow on a go-forward basis. And then that growth rate will ultimately fall out of the capital that we spend, obviously, in each of our different growth rate will ultimately fall out areas, constrained by those bigger picture financial objectives.
Jeff Ritenour: I wouldn't -- no, I don't think I would pin it down to -- we have to have that sort of metric before we would accelerate any activity. Again, it's going to be a function of all the different price dynamics that we're seeing in the market, the shape of the curve, how comfortable we feel that that's sustainable; longer term, our ability to hedge. So, as you know, there's a bunch of different variables that will go into that calculus before we determine what increased activity looks like.
Jeff Ritenour: Hey, Charles, this is Jeff. I would just add, though, that to David's comments that as it relates to June, obviously, we've seen prices firm up on both the roll and the calendar month average. And our marketing teams along with the business unit teams have worked really closely together and done a great job kind of getting out in front of what we're seeing in the market. And so, at this point in time, as David said, things can and have changed quickly over the last several months on a day-to-day basis, but at this point in time, we don't see a significant incremental amount of shut-ins or curtailments at this point.
Jeff Ritenour: Hey, Charles, this is Jeff. I would say the first piece, which is important was the incremental deposit that we got in the door. So we've already collected $170 million of deposit from our counterparty there. And then going forward, frankly, there's not a lot. I mean, as we work forward to the end of the year, the teams have done a great job of taking off all the responsibilities that we have related to the contract to move us towards close. So we feel really good about that and look forward to getting to close by year-end.
