Vincent White: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Devon's Second Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. I will begin with some housekeeping items as usual and then I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, John Richels for his overview. Following John's remarks, Dave Hager, our Head of Exploration and Production will provide an operations update. And then finally, after Dave's comment, Jeff Agosta, our Chief Financial Officer, will review Devon's financial results and our outlook. At that point, we'll open it up to Q&A.  I want to point out that our Chairman, Larry Nichols, and other seniors members of the management team are with us today as well for the Q&A session. And as a reminder, we will ask each of you in the Q&A session to limit your questions to one and one follow-up. We'll keep the call to an hour, so if we don't get to your question, we'll be around the rest of the day to answer any questions you may have remaining. A replay of this call will be available today through a link on Devon's homepage. During the call today, we will update some of our forward-looking estimates based on the actual results for the first half of the year and our revised outlook for the second half of 2010. In addition to the updates that we're going to provide in the call, we will find an 8-K later today that will have the details of our updated 2010 guidance. And the Guidance section of our Web site at devonenergy.com will also have the updated forward-looking information. That information is under the Guidance link found within the Investor Relations section of the Web site. Before we get to the discussion of the quarter, we're obligated to remind you that this discussion will contain information of our expectations, plans, forecasts, estimates; all of this is considered forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. And while we strive to give you the very best estimates possible, there are many factors that could cause our actual results to differ from the guidance that we're going to provide. And so we would encourage you to review the discussion of risk factors that can be found in the 8-K that we are filing today. One other compliance item: We will refer to various non-GAAP performance measures in today's call. When we use these measures, we're required to provide additional disclosures under U.S. securities law. If you would like to review those disclosures, they are available on our Web site. I also want to remind everybody that the strategic repositioning that we are currently in the midst of affects the financial and operational data for all periods reported. Our decision to divest the international operations resulted in the related production being excluded from our reported production volumes for all periods presented. The revenues and expenses associated with those international operations are collapsed into a single line item at the end of our statement of operations labeled discontinued operations. Conversely, while we have divested all of our assets and operations in the Gulf of Mexico, oddly enough, the Gulf results are required to be reported in our results from continuing operations through the close of the sales. Said another way, the results from continuing operations reported today include both our North American Onshore assets that we are retaining and the results from our divested Gulf of Mexico operations through the date of the closing of those sales. Most of our comments today on the call will focus on the results from continuing operations but we will also provide some additional commentary, specifically referencing our North American Onshore results and we provided the information on the press release that enables you to isolate those results so that you can see what our go-forward business will look like. For those interested in a more detailed review of our international results, we've also provided information in today's press release regarding that. As far as the straight earnings forecast go, most analysts reporting estimates to First Call have excluded discontinued operations. The mean estimate of those analysts, that is the mean estimate for earnings excluding discontinued operations, was $1.39 for the quarter. Our adjusted earnings came in $0.05 lower at $1.34 per share. Main driver was higher-than-expected deferred tax rate in the second quarter. Second quarter included a true up in deferred taxes for the first six months of the year. This non-cash deferred tax expense did not affect our cash flow in the second quarter. And after the adjusting items, cash flow from continuing operations came in at $3.02 per share, which was above the First Call estimate of $2.80 per share. With those items out of the way, I'm going to turn the call over to John Richels.
Vincent White: David, this is Vince. First of all, the $700 million that John mentioned was our full-year budget, now, including the acquisitions of acreage that we've made year-to-date and also those that we expect to close in the second half of the year. As the weighting year-to-date has been in the Permian Basin and the Cana, we are avoiding specific acreage cost discussions because we are still leasing acreage in those areas. Hope to lease more. But the weighting has certainly been in those two areas, and outside the Cana has been on condensate-oriented plays or oil plays.
Vincent White: I tell you what, while we’re looking up the amounts spent in the first half versus the second half, let me just tell you philosophically, Brian, that while we think we always need to have a leasehold acquisition component to have a sustainable business, we've done a disproportionate amount of leasing in 2010 to what we would expect on an ongoing basis. And to the extent that additional acreage at reasonable prices is available in these very attractive plays, we would continue to take on additional acreage. We always have to work towards balance of resource capture and research development. And we’re very mindful of that. While we’ve had some opportunities to beef up our positions here, we will balance the capital going forward.
Vincent White: The acreage acquisition throughout 2010 outside of Kirby is roughly equally spaced first half of the year to expected second half of the year.
Vincent White: Certainly to the extent where we have more acreage in these oil, condensate and liquids-rich plays, it does increase of that. But I would go back to pointing out, as you know, we've already got such a large portion that’s oil or liquids-rich that it’s not like we are going from a very small proportion to suddenly doubling it. So it’ll make a difference. I don't know exactly how much of a difference that’ll make, Brian. But as you looked at our – we've talked before about our 32,000 drilling locations before any of these resource acquisitions that we've made this year and 13.5 billion barrels of resource potential. That was already about 40% focused on oil, condensate liquids. So by adding this, it certainly augments it, but it’s not like we’re suddenly trying to get into the oil, condensate or liquids business. We were already in it.
Vincent White: This is Vince. The problem with the question is we’re really trying to optimizing growth per debt adjusted share. So there's a lot of variables into how we allocate capital going forward. We've got the potential in our resource base, given in of capital spend, to deliver double-digit top-line growth for a long period of time. Whether that's the right decision or not depends on our outlook for oil and gas prices, for our equities trading and a variety of other factors. We’re not going to pin down a number on that.
Vincent White: We’re a couple of minutes past the top of the hour, so we'll wrap up the call for today. Thanks for joining us. And as we said earlier, we’ll be around the rest of the day for any follow-up.
John Richels: David, it's John. As you can see, the areas that we've gone into this year have been areas where we either had a presence and wanted to increase it, or areas that were not subject to the same kinds of acquisition climate that some other areas were. When you look at our asset base, as you know, it tends to have some fairly similar characteristics, with kind of fairly low entry costs and a relatively low royalty burden. And so we tried to continue to focus on that. The, roughly, $700 million or so that we will have spent this year on acquisitions really helps to augment that base and gives us the kind of critical mass in those areas that we need in order to really be as efficient as we can. So we have intended to try to get into bidding wars in kind of some of the high-profile plays because we just don’t think that we can be competitive in that environment in any event.
John Richels: As you may be aware, we already have a very, very large position in North American natural gas. Matter of fact, we’re in a real fortunate position when you look at the companies in the sector where we have roughly 40% of a 13.5-billion-barrel resource base that is in the form of either oil condensates or liquids-rich plays, and 60% that's more in the gas one. So we've got quite a bit of that and what we're trying to do is simply allocate our funds to the expenditures that give us the best return at the time. We think we got a lot of running room in the gas area as well. Doesn't mean that we won't continue, as we always have, to continue to augment positions in those areas, but we’ve got a lot of running room in the acreage that we already have.
John Richels: Mark, I think we’re getting right to the royalty payout level now. And the way the royalty setup in Alberta is now, we pay, I think, 5% on our production to payout. And now that we’re two-and-a-bit years into production there, we’re just about reaching that payout level, on the first phase only.
John Richels: That hasn't been determined yet. We’re making our application for Jackfish 3 and though that application, we’ll determine whether these are separate projects or not.
John Richels: When you think about it, if you look at Kirby or Pike and Jackfish together, I think we talked about this before. We have been keen to acquire that acreage, that Kirby-Pike acreage, for many, many years and it really came together as a result of the this larger transaction we did with BP. We've got continuous projects coming on: the second phase of Jackfish, the third phase of Jackfish and then several phases of Kirby. And we feel pretty darn good about that Kirby acreage. As Dave said, we got to do a lot of delineation drilling, but we have a lot of wells there already that we had core samples for, from, Dave was just saying 250 wells. So there's a lot of wells there that we have core samples from. So we’re pretty enthusiastic about this development prospect on this acreage over the next five to 10 years.
John Richels: Well, it depends on whether these projects get lumped together as one large project or individual projects. We haven’t finally determined that yet with the regulator.
David Hager: This is Dave. First, to get the capital back, that’s just simply a purchase price adjustment because the effective date of the transaction is January 1 of 2010. So it's just part of the purchase price adjustment, very simple process. And we are communicating actively with the purchaser of the discontinued assets that have that closed yet, and that’s primarily BP on the Brazil assets. There is an agreed-upon plan that we had prior to the divestment of these assets and we are executing that plan. We’re having discussions with them. But there's really no source of contention at all about what we're doing there. They liked the plan. That’s why they bought the assets. And we’re continuing on with the plan. And there's really no issue about what the next step should be between now and close.
David Hager: No. There is no recourse. And of course, either way, may have a discovery or dry hole, and I think, frankly, we are able to very fairly represent the potential of all the wells that we're drilling right now and we think we got paid for it.
David Hager: Well, we have quite a bit of work to do yet before we know for sure on that on what the timing may be. Obviously, we’re going to enter a busy winter with our additional strut drilling and 3D seismic we’re going to do out there, as well some engineering work. But given all that, I can give you kind of a rough and tentative timetable. Provided that we have adequate reservoir delineation through this winter’s drilling program, we could have an application for the first phase of Pike somewhere in late 2011. Now how large that phase is has not yet been determined and it will depend somewhat on the results with this winter's drilling program. But then with that, you might have regulatory approval somewhere in early 2013, and then you could begin facilities construction, have first team somewhere around mid-2015 and potentially reaching peak production probably on that first phase somewhere in late 2016. All of that’s a tentative schedule and have a lot of work to go yet to know if we can accomplish that. But again, that’d be the first phase, and whether the first phase is 35,000 barrels a day or 70,000 barrels a day or something like that, we don't know yet. We have to do the work this winter and that will give us a lot better handle on that.
David Hager: Well, hopefully, it's going up. We’re running one rig right now. We’re going to be adding a couple more rigs here later on this year. We’re really just getting the first results of our operated wells. We have participated in a handful of OBO wells that give us a good indication of potential. We want to get term results from our operated wells also. But the potential liquid content that we see in the heart of the play here, this could be a very attractive play for us economically. And if it all works out, I can see us significantly increasing our activity next year on this play. But we just need to get a little bit more results. But we’re very encouraged with what we know so far and think it could be a pretty big play for us in the future.
David Hager: I can give you a few stats here if you’d like. The Avalon is essentially the source rock for the Bone Springs out there. I’ll give you a few stats here if you’d like. It tends to have porosity generally in the range of around 8% to 15%. It is a shale, it’s is a fairly thick shale; it’s a fairly homogeneous shale there out there. The thickness on it ranges on the New Mexico side, probably on anywhere of around 125 to over 300 feet thick. Similarly on the Texas side of the play, which is much less mature from a drilling standpoint at this point, we noted it's a very liquids-rich play on the New Mexico side. It is less known how liquids-rich it is on the Texas side of the play, and that’s part of what we’re going to determining with our drilling program when we add a rig on that side as well. But it's a thick, homogeneous shale with a good porosity, normally pressured, but with, apparently, a very high liquids content. On the depth of it, if you’re curious here, is also on the order around 7,000 feet to10,000 feet on the New Mexico side; a little bit shallower on the Texas side, more like 6,000 to 7,000 feet.
David Hager: While about 1/3 of our current production is oil and liquids. About 40% of our proved reserves are oil and liquids. So we’re definitely, based on our proved reserve mix, our production mix would move that direction, all things being equal over time.
David Hager: The six months is probably a pretty good estimate. We want to get a good production history on these wells before we really make a decision on it. I will remind you that at least when we talk about our perspective, the potential in Cana, the potential does not include any resources associated with this down spacing. So if this down spacing is successful, and I think we’ve characterized Cana before, but it was about 8.8 Tcf equivalent. If this down spacing is successful, then we could add to that total significantly, hopefully.
David Hager: This is Dave. I’d say it was a different approach to the project management. I would say that it was the overall contributor to that where we did a lot of project management. We did more internally versus externally on Jackfish 1, and that really allowed us to have greater control of the overall project and greater control over the cost. And so we just really incorporated a lot of the learnings that we had on Jackfish 1 and the Jackfish 2, and we’ll use those again in Jackfish 3.
David Hager: I don't have the data in front of me. I’m sure we can get back to you. The horizontal lengths we’re planning to drill, it’s about 4,000 feet on these wells. TOCs, total organic content on these, John, I’d better double check before I say some numbers, but it’s pretty darn rich. I can tell you that.
David Hager: Well, we’re still optimizing the number of frac stages that we would have in the Horn River. We think it's going to be most likely somewhere in the eight to 11 area. We’re getting a little bit over a Mcf per frac stage and it's just really a cost trade off there on what provides the best economics. On the lateral length for the Horn River Shale, again, we’re optimizing that. We anticipate it's going to be somewhere in the range of around 4,600- to 5,900-foot.
Darryl Smette: Well, I think you covered it. As Jeff, I think, pointed out, we have to a 225 million today hedged via swaps at $5.55 or thereabouts on the gas side. We do intend to get up to that 50% level. Our view is that we could have prices anywhere from $4 to $6. We’re in the middle of a real you cooling season period right now and right in the middle of potential hurricanes, which actually have the tendency, historically, to move price quite a bit. So we’ll probably be in the market in the $5 to $5.50 range over the next few months and do expect to get to that 50% level by the end of the year.
Darryl Smette: Right now, we’re targeting mainly swaps on the gas side. And we do have a preference for callers on the oil side, as is indicated by, I think, 33,000 or 35,000 barrels we have hedged already. So we tend to like swaps on gas and callers on oil.
Darryl Smette: This is Darryl. Obviously, at least in the short-term over the next year or two, we do believe there could be some additional pressure on liquid prices, primarily ethane. There’s limited market in terms of they make plastics and they’re using refineries and that's about it. It doesn’t have the degree of flexibility that a propane product would have. So we do think that there is a possibility if there's a continued increase in capital spend on these projects throughout the industry, that you could see some downward pressure, primarily on the ethane side of the business. But we just still think that it will trade at a 20% to 25% premium to natural gas, if you're looking at gas prices in the $5 to $5.50 range. So little bit of downward pressure, but still traded at a premium.
Darryl Smette: John, this is Darryl. We have some longer-term contracts on some of our rigs. I think right now, we have 23 under long-term contracts. Those contracts lengths vary from a year up to three years. I think Dave said we are running 65 rigs; so obviously, we have a lot of rigs that are not under long-term contract. And while we may move some of those rigs under long-term contracts up a little bit, I don’t think it would be very much. Historically, we've tried to stay somewhere between 40% and 50% on long-term rigs. The bigger issue is really the cost has to do with the frac-ing costs. And those costs went up significantly. And while they started being played high in the Eagle Ford and the Haynesville, that has certainly progressed to the rest of the country now. Our experience has been in dealing with these people that providing services that they don't want to lock in any long-term projects unless it’s at a real premium price. Even in today’s market, they still believe costs are going to go up. And so we have not had really any positive response from any of those service providers in terms of wanting to lock in long-term contracts at current prices. So I don't imagine we will probably do that. There are some things that we are locking in. We’re locking in some fuel prices for some of our rigs and things of that nature, but some of the bigger service costs, in terms of the frac-ing and stuff, I don’t see that, that’s going to happen anytime soon.
