Scott Coody: Good morning, and thank you to everyone for joining us on the call today. Last night, we issued an earnings release and presentation that cover our results for the year and outlook in 2022. Throughout the call today, we'll make references to the earnings presentation to support prepared remarks, and these slides can be found on our website. Also joining me on the call today are Rick Muncrief, our President and CEO; Clay Gaspar, our Chief Operating Officer; Jeff Ritenour, our Chief Financial Officer; and a few other members of our senior management team. Comments today include -- will include plans, forecasts and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. These comments are subject to assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements. Please take note of the cautionary language and risk factors provided in our SEC filings and earnings materials. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick.
Scott Coody: Thanks, Rick. We'll now open the call to Q&A. Please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. This allows us to get to more of your questions on the call today. With that, operator, we’ll take our first question.
Scott Coody: Well, it looks like we're at the end of our time slot today. We appreciate everyone's interest in Devon. And if you have any further questions, reach out to the Investor Relations team at any time. And once again, thank you for your time, and have a good day.
Jeff Ritenour: Thanks, Clay. My comments today will be focused on the key drivers of our financial results in 2021 and also provide some insights into our 2022 outlook. Beginning with production, our total volumes in the fourth quarter averaged 611,000 Boe per day, exceeding the midpoint of our guidance by 3%. This production beat was across all products, with the most significant outperformance coming from NGLs where processing economics were exceptionally strong during the quarter. In the upcoming quarter, we expect production to approximate 570,000 Boe's per day. We expect this to be our lowest production quarter of the year due to winter weather downtime that reduced volumes by about 15,000 Boe per day. All winter-related curtailments are back online, and we expect no impact to our full year production estimates. Moving to expenses. Our lease operating and GP&T cost exited 2021 at a rate of $7.25 per barrel. This result represents a 1% decline compared to where we started the year, but was slightly elevated compared to our forecast. As you might expect, we experienced moderate pricing pressures across several service and supply cost categories in the quarter. And we also incurred a non-recurring charge to GP&T expense in the Eagle Ford. Another key variance was higher work-over activity, which contributed to our strong production results in the quarter. Overall, our exposure to higher value production, coupled with a low cost structure, expanded Devon's field level cash margin to $42.37 per barrel, a 14% increase from last quarter. Jumping to corporate cost, we did a great job of improving this expense category in 2021. In aggregate, G&A and financing costs declined 31% year-over-year on a pro forma basis due to lower personnel costs and the company's ongoing debt reduction program. These structural improvements will carry over into 2022 and act as an ongoing annuity for years to come. Cutting to the bottom line, Devon's core earnings increased for the sixth quarter in a row to $1.39 per share. This level of earnings momentum translated into operating cash flow of $1.6 billion in the fourth quarter. After funding our disciplined maintenance capital program, we generated $1.1 billion of free cash flow in the quarter. This represents growth in free cash flow of more than 400% compared to where we started the year after closing the WPX merger. The top priority of our free cash flow is the funding of our dividend. As Rick covered earlier, in conjunction with our earnings report, we announced a fixed plus variable dividend of $1 per share that is payable in March and includes the benefit of our 45% raise to the fixed dividend. This payout represents the highest quarterly payout in Devon's history. Another avenue that we're returning cash to shareholders through is the execution of our share repurchase program. Since we initiated the program in November, we're off to a great start by repurchasing 14 million shares at a total cost of $589 million. This equates to an average price of $42 per share, which is around a 25% discount to our current trading levels. With the Board expanding our share repurchase program to $1.6 billion, we now have roughly $1 billion remaining on this authorization, and we expect to continue to opportunistically buy back stock in 2022. We also have returned value to shareholders through our efforts to reduce debt and improve the balance sheet. In 2021, we made significant progress strengthening Devon's financial position by retiring more than $1.2 billion of outstanding notes and we achieved our net debt-to-EBITDA target ahead of plan, exiting the year at less than a turn of leverage. At today's pricing, we expect our leverage to trend even lower in 2022, pushing towards a zero net debt balance by year-end. And lastly, I do want to highlight that our disciplined strategy is also resulting in excellent returns on capital employed. In 2021, we achieved a 20% return on capital employed and we are positioned for this measure to substantially increase in 2022. The strong rate of change we are delivering with ROCE, combined with our cash return framework, further differentiates Devon versus other opportunities in the market today. With that, I'll now turn the call back to Rick for some closing comments.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, you bet, Arun. Thanks for the question. You're spot on. Historically, the way we thought about that is kind of on a normalizing -- normalized price debt, kind of a mid-cycle price deck. We've targeted kind of a 5% to 10% payout ratio of our cash flow for that fixed dividend. So as we discuss the fixed dividend raise that we announced this quarter with our Board, as we did the math and work through our model, we kind of centered in around the kind of 7.5% payout ratio, again, specific to mid-cycle pricing. So as we move forward into the future, I think that's an area where you're going to continue to see us debate that with the Board. And frankly, I think there's a high likelihood that we'll have the opportunity to grow that fixed dividend further as we move forward. And so it will likely gravitate towards the higher end of that payout range, somewhere closer to 10% as we walk it forward.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, you bet, Arun, this is Jeff again. And you'll remember some of this from a few years ago, the last time we had tightness in the Permian Basin how we're set up and how we've managed it. We've also, subsequent to WPX merger, it's accrued to Devon's benefit the position that they had in place, the legacy position that they had in the place in the Permian. So today, where we sit is we have firm takeaway from the basin for our gas for the majority of the gas production that we have in basin. With the remainder that stays in basin, you'll recall, Arun, we do term sales for the large part with pretty large counterparties, which also have firm takeaway from the basin. So that combined, we feel really good about our ability to move the molecules out of the basin and don't foresee any issues with getting backed up and shutting in wells. I'll add to that, we're also evaluating the participation in a couple of the new projects that have been discussed. And as you're well aware, could probably come online in that '23, '24 time frame. So feel really good about being able to move the molecules and get them taken away from the basin. And then beyond just the takeaway, what I would highlight is, obviously, we do have some price exposure in basin for the sales that we do. And in that case, we've utilized basis swaps on just over 50% of our volumes there to help us manage that price exposure. So, our marketing team has done a great job kind of setting us up, making sure that we have the ability to move the molecules and then going even a step further and helping us mitigate the price pressure we're likely to see as it's going to be volatile as the market kind of evolves over the next couple of years.
Jeff Ritenour: Yeah, Doug, you're thinking about it right. Spot on. As, obviously, with the assumptions that we made in the breakeven that we disclosed in the deck, frankly, gas prices are higher than that today, and NGL prices are in that today. So I would tell you, when I do the back of the envelope math, set aside the cash taxes piece for a minute, we're actually frankly below that $30 level. And certainly, that's all pre-hedges, right? So you factor in hedges, you factor in a different price environment, that changes a little bit. But ballpark, we have a right around that $30 a barrel breakeven price. Your point on cash taxes is important going forward, and we disclosed that back in the fall, and reaffirmed our guidance for that for 2022 as it relates to the cash taxes. We think that the cash tax rate is probably going to be mid-single digits, somewhere 5%, 6%, 7%, depending on how prices shake out for the year. And that's on our business, that's, call it, $300 million to $400 million of cash taxes in the year. And so that again, when we produce 100 million barrels of oil, that adds a couple of dollars per barrel to that breakeven prices, as you alluded to.
Jeff Ritenour: Yeah, you bet. And so just to give you the full picture on the cash taxes and NOL you're spot on. We're -- we'll walk into this year with about $3.4 billion of NOLs available to us. We'll use up about, call it, two-thirds of that here in 2022, which is going to allow us to deliver that mid single-digit cash tax rate that I mentioned. Going forward, that will evolve as you would expect, presuming that prices obviously stay at this level or move higher, your total tax rate kind of flips and you'll probably become two-thirds of that will be cash taxes and then the remaining one-third will be your deferred tax piece. So somewhere in the ballpark of a cash tax rate of maybe 15% if you have kind of $80, $90 oil moving forward beyond 2022.
Jeff Ritenour: Well, I would -- we absolutely do. You're exactly right. And I would tell you our past behavior on this front is going to be a good indicator of what to expect from us in the future. We haven't been shy about altering the framework on a go-forward basis. As I mentioned earlier, I think you'll see more fixed dividend growth from us as the environment evolves, and we get more comfort with some of the uncertainties that Rick highlighted in his last commentary. And then beyond that, going back to our Board as we just did this lack order, for another reload on the share repurchase program. So I think you're going to see us continue to evolve the framework. I don't think you'll see us materially move the variable dividend threshold to kind of the 50% level. We think that, that's important to have that sense of clarity and transparency for our shareholders. But going forward, I think the fixed dividend can actually grow. And absolutely, the share repurchase is something that we'll continue to lean into. As we look at the share repo, we believe we continue to trade at a discount to the broader market, a discount to the historical multiples and the discount to our closest peers. So we're going to continue to be out there and be opportunistic about buying shares. And when we see the stock trade off on kind of an absolute and a relative basis, you should expect to see us enter the market and get after it.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. You bet, Jeanine. No change to our game plan as it relates to our leverage position and the debt that we had outstanding. As you'll recall, what I walked through in the fall was that we've got about $400 million of callable debt at the end of this year, call it, October of this year. And then another just under $600 million of maturities plus a more callable debt that comes due in 2023. So our current base game plan is to take out that $1 billion of debt kind of on that timetable. And then as you move into 2024, there's another -- in 2025, there's another $500 million a year roughly. So over the next, call it, three to four years, we think we can take another, call it, $2 billion, $2.5 billion of absolute debt out. That's our current game plan. Obviously, depending on what rates do and how things shake out, we might alter that. But that's our current intention.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. Thanks, Paul. Yes, you bet. Great question. And I would tell you, really no material change to our philosophy from what we talked about on the last call back in the fall. Just to give you a little bit of a foundation for where we sit today, we're roughly about 25% hedged on oil and about 30%, 35% on gas. We think that's an appropriate level given our financial strength and the margin of safety that we have on -- with our low reinvestment rate of our kind of our base business model. So, you've heard me talk about that in the past. The thing that's fundamentally changed in our business versus two, three, four years ago is in the past, we were spending all of our cash flow in an attempt to grow at double-digit type rates, which was competitive with the broader sector. Today, with the lower reinvestment ratio and the steady state level of activity, it just creates a margin of safety for us in our business to where even if prices pull back, it doesn't alter our activity. So, you have heard me and Clay talked about it in the past, that's what really dilutes our returns is when we have to yank around our operating activity from month-to-month or quarter-to-quarter, we try really hard not to do that. That's why we developed a steady state kind of maintenance capital level program. And it's really served us well. Obviously, the commodity prices that we're experiencing in today have been a nice tailwind as well. But as it relates to our hedging program, we feel like going forward, you'll see us hedge at this lower level, somewhere around the 30% level, whereas historically we might have been closer to 50% or north of that.
Jeff Ritenour: Yeah, absolutely. We -- yeah, you bet. So our executive team, along with our marketing group is responsible for executing the hedges for us. We meet every other week, and we debate what we're seeing in the market. We talk about not only the benchmark prices, but the prices that we're seeing in the individual basins as well. And we are actively monitoring that and evaluating whether or not we want to layer on additional hedges. And we do it in a variety of ways. Sometimes we use swaps. Here more recently, we've used pretty wide costless collars to help us mitigate that we see in the market.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, that's correct. That's the way we've thought about it is worked through the cost structure, obviously, over the last several years. But particularly post merger, we step back and looked at our cost structure and what we thought was sustainable going forward based on our mid-cycle pricing, we decided it made sense to move that the fixed dividend higher based on that payout ratio that I talked about kind of roughly at 7.5%.
Rick Muncrief: Thank you, Jeff. Great job. In summary, 2021 was a banner year for Devon. We delivered on exactly everything we promised and did some. Now, as we shift our focus to the upcoming year, I want to be clear that there is no change to our cash return playbook. It will be more of the same. We will be relentlessly focused on delivering high returns on capital employed, margin expansion, accelerating free cash flow growth and returning excess cash to shareholders. Our talented team here at Devon takes great pride in leading the industry in this disciplined operating framework. And when coupled with the development and deployment of new technologies, simply put, we are very energized and ready to roll in 2022. I sincerely hope, you can now appreciate how we've delivered on the vision that Dave Hager and I, along with our respective teams, had when we announced our merger in September of 2020. We wanted to create something truly special, and we feel that we've done just that. I will now turn the call back over to Scott for Q&A.
Rick Muncrief: Well, that's always an interesting question. And today, once again, I'll go back to the curve. If you're a seller, I mean, you're wanting to sell at today's prices. If you're a buyer, you have to honor that curve. And that's -- it's kind of an interesting time. So that's why as we talked here among this management team and with our Board, we felt like the clear thing for us to do is to double down on our share repurchases as we think about assets that might be out in the market, gosh, we just don't see anything. It really competes with what we have. And so that's why we've doubled down on it. So I don't know how to answer that question, Neil. It's -- if you're a seller right now, it could be a nice time to be selling if you can find someone that will honor today's commodity price and are truly convinced that we're going to see crude continue to go up even further. There are people certainly predicting that, but that's not what the curve is illustrating today.
Rick Muncrief: Well, that's a good question. I think, Nitin, what I would just point to is, and I tried to articulate this pretty routinely is we do put a lot of -- we do put a lot of faith into the shape of the curve. And sometimes you can – you can debate where the absolute points on the curve are. But when you see such a steep backwardation and you start thinking about trying to add activity by the time you bring to barrels on, I mean, let's face it, it would -- it's going to be a while down the road. So we think, for us, the 5% that we laid out at the time of the – the announcement of the merger is still holds. That's the max. And we really -- to be honest with you, there's so much uncertainty probably as you look out in the outer years. I think for us, look, we'll stick to Nitin and maintain that max that 5% growth.
Rick Muncrief: Yes. And Nitin, can I -- if I can, Nitin, let me just add one thing. I want to make sure that everyone on the call understands, we are growing. When you start talking about the free cash flow per share growth, we talked about 70% growth. And you just need to -- you think let that soak in for a few moments on of this year over next year. So, it's -- that's where we're going to focus on our growth, to be honest with you.
Clay Gaspar: Yes, I appreciate that, Rick. What I was just going to add, remember that, we are growing in the Permian. At the same time, we're keeping our overall production flat. And I think it's kind of -- you have to watch the headlines and what's the overall trend. I believe that's the right mix for us with our assets, with our portfolio, specific to Permian growth because that's definitely the hot basin. That's where the marginal barrel comes from. There are natural governors. I'm speaking kind of from an operations point of view to prohibit unbridled growth. I think about the supply chain things that obviously peppered throughout my earlier comments, there's also the takeaway issues as Jeff was just talking about. There are some things that I think will keep that growth in-check. Now all that said, certainly, I would expect continued growth in the Permian to offset declines from the other areas. Overall, we believe -- we're staying with overall maintenance capital, we believe, is the right approach for our shareholders, for our organization, and it seems to be working quite well so far. Thanks Neil.
Clay Gaspar: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Jeanine. Yes, certainly, we'll see a depressed first quarter and, I'll speak corporately first, we should see a nice uptick. We've got a pretty good slug of wells coming in at the end of the first quarter, really benefiting Q2. And then I think we'll see kind of more ratable production for the balance of the year. I think it's similar as we peel back in Delaware, when you think about that kind of shape of the curve. So there should probably be a similar shape of the curve in Delaware. Obviously, the number is a little different.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Thanks for the question. And I'd tell you, those teams are doing some great things. We do have some capital allocated, some work. In fact, we have two rigs over in the Eastern Delaware right now, delineating a little bit more of that kind of eastern shelf play. The opportunity you point to the abundance of rigs is it just doesn't compete for the lion's share, the development, where we're really turning the crank to generate substantial returns. But we're realized. I mean we look down the curve and we say, okay, where do we need to invest those assessment dollars to further delineate? We're watching aggressively across the fence. The Powder River Basin that you brought up is a great example of that. There's some really exceptionally good companies investing real dollars in that. We're participating. We're watching. It's a very relatively small percentage of our overall capital budget. But is this -- as the prices continue to strengthen, all of this stuff lights up and is very productive, full cycle, very strong returns, and we'll compete for capital at some point in our portfolio. And so, I don't feel very rushed to push it out of our portfolio, if that was your question. I think there will be a great opportunity for the sun to shy on these assets in due time.
Clay Gaspar: Yeah. Paul, in my remarks, I talked a little bit about some of the work that we're doing, the excitement around pushing the laterals a little longer, kind of rebooting the completion design. And we have a couple of wells that came on last year were watching. And I can tell you, especially in today's strip, the returns are competitive. They make – the competitive returns on a full cycle basis, they look really nice. Now they're not competitive and amongst our full portfolio, but they yield positive returns. And so as we're able to continue that, we have a handful of wells. I believe half a dozen wells or so we'll be drilling this year, again, pushing the laterals out. Really, watching the productivity side, I'm less concerned at this point on trying to drive down the cost side of the equation, because we – I have full confidence once the team crosses that threshold that we could get to a development mode, those costs will come down. So really watching that productivity side, seeing how this – how these – how this reservoir really reacts. I'm speaking specifically around the Niobrara and somewhat the Mowry as well, where you see a lot of the upside potential. But don't expect us to divert a whole lot of capital toward that asset in the near-term. We are thrilled to see great companies like Continental and EOG and others continuing to invest and scale up activity. And that gives us really good confidence that we will be able to continue to learn even with a very moderate capital program.
Clay Gaspar: Yeah, Paul, I think our JV that we executed in the Mid-Con is a great example of how to find – how to allocate resource to a play that doesn't on a heads-up basis compete today for capital, but you know you need to get that machine running. And so I think, the Anadarko Basin is a great example of we needed to get money back to it. We brought in a partner, leverage that relationship, and we have significantly outperformed on the well cost. We've significantly outperformed on well productivity. And that asset continues to drive towards competitiveness on a heads-up basis. The returns, I can today in the strip environment, are outstanding on a heads-up basis. Powder is a little further earlier in the mature cycle, I would say, from being able to cycle through that. But when we get to a point where we can go to a third-party and say, here are the returns that we've exhibited on a routine basis, and there's need on that bone available for them to come in and lever, then we can take a leveraged approach just how we did in the Anadarko and scale that into something that really could compete on a heads-up basis. So that's certainly a possibility. We're not quite there yet, but certainly something in our frame of view that we would be excited to explore at the right time.
Clay Gaspar: Yes, Matt, that's definitely a tool, when you're paying attention to average lateral length, you see the correlation between capital efficiency and lateral length. And that drives all the way through to the bottom-line return. So we're excited about longer laterals. We have a healthy dose of three-mile laterals in the mix for the Permian. But I would say, by far, most of our wells will be two-mile wells. The challenge there is when you set up the initial land development, a lot of times, it's -- you're kind of locked in. And so retooling a development that's partially developed from two to three is a pretty challenging opportunity. As we move into some of the other areas that either haven't been fully developed or we're continuing to work the land work, we will often see us push towards those three-mile laterals. We've built a lot of confidence in drilling those three-mile laterals. I just mentioned the Powder. We've done quite a few in the Williston and quite a few now in the Delaware. And as you pointed out, there's a whole lot of value-creation efficiency associated with that. We're not done. Our land team is added every single day. Those like-for-like trades are hugely mutually beneficial and there's still opportunities out there. We are working on several right now. Hope to talk more about in the coming quarters and just know every time we get one of those things done, that's more green lights for us to develop -- either develop on a two-mile or a three-mile. And then these price environments, to be honest, the returns kind of cap out and max out all the tools that we have on rate of return. So it's pretty awesome to watch. So a lot of good work going on there.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. So we're about 30% to date on the Dow deal. We're scaling up activity a little bit relative – in '21 relative to '22. So be most of the way through end of '22, probably have a tail in '23. I can tell you, it's one of those deals you love to see where we're thrilled with it. It's the right financial tool that we needed to apply to this great asset and Dow on the other side is thrilled as well. So I would say the door is wide open to expand the conversation. There's a lot more acreage. We've got a tremendous position. But we also have to look at it and say, okay, where does this become essentially a competitive heads-up project for us and when do we just fund it straight up. So anyway, it's a good problem to have. Really pleased with the team that work -- the business development team that put it together initially. This is just a real great success to model that where applicable. And maybe Powder is a place that could use this kind of opportunity in due time.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. What I would say on that is, remember, we have a deal in place to cap that the non-op exposure in the Permian. And so we're really only exposed in the other basins. And so, we feel like we're -- we have a pretty well under control. But clearly, as activity picks up, there's more pressure on that, and we'll figure out how we manage that during the course of the year.
