Scott Coody: Thank you and good morning. On today's call, I will cover a few preliminary items and then turn the call over to our President and CEO, Dave Hager. Dave will provide his thoughts on the recent performance and direction of New Devon. Following Dave, Tony Vaughn, our Chief Operating Officer will cover a few operating highlights from the quarter. And then we will wrap up our prepared remarks with Jeff Ritenour -- financial outlook. Jeff will cover our financial highlights -- outlook for the 2019. Comments on the call today will contain plans, forecasts and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. These comments and answers are subject to a number of assumptions risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially. Following our prepared remarks, we will take your questions. And with that, I will turn the call over to Dave.
Scott Coody: Thanks, Jeff. We will now open the call to Q&A. Please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. If you have further questions, you can re-prompt if time permits. With that operator, we'll take our first question.
Scott Coody: Well, thank you I appreciate everyone's interest in Devon today and if there is any other questions for -- obviously, the IR team will be around all day long. So feel free -- thank you once again for your time today.
Jeff Ritenour: Thanks, Tony. I'd like to spend a few minutes today discussing the progress we've made advancing our financial strategy and briefly provide context on several key metrics that are improving within the updated 2019 outlook we issued last night. A good place to start today is with our improving financial performance for the quarter. Our operating cash flow increased 23% year-over-year to $623 million. This level of cash flow fully funded our capital requirements and generated nearly $60 million of free cash flow for the quarter. With the free cash flow, our business generated coupled with the proceeds from the sale of Canada, Devon's cash on hand increased to $3.8 billion at the end of June. Subsequent to quarter end, we utilized a portion of this cash on hand to redeem $1.5 billion of low premium senior note that were due in 2021 and 2022. With this redemption activity, Devon has now completely cleared its debt maturity runway until late 2025. Given our strong liquidity, we expect to reduce additional debt in the second half of 2019. We will finalize the size and timing of our debt reduction activity in the near future, but we are well on our way to achieving our debt reduction goal in addition to debt reduction. Another key financial priority is our ongoing share repurchase program, which is the largest program by a wide margin in the E&P space. Since the program began in 2018, we have repurchased a 125 million shares at a total cost of $4.4 billion and we are on pace to reduce our outstanding share count by nearly 30% by year-end. To advance our share repurchase activity in the second half of 2019, we expect to utilize cash on hand to reach our goal of $5 billion by year-end. Any upside from higher commodity prices or asset sales would be earmarked for additional return of capital to shareholders. I'll wrap up my comments today by covering a few key guidance items from our updated 2019 outlook. This updated outlook reflects the improvements of our retained business -- excuse me, reflects the improvements our retained business has achieved year-to-date and incorporates the impact of Canada's restatement to discontinued operations. On the production front, as Dave touched on earlier, our light oil growth is running at least 400 basis points ahead of our original budgeted expectations. For the second half of the year, we expect the strongest oil growth to occur in the 4th quarter, driven by the timing of activity in the Delaware. This production profile positions us with strong volume momentum heading into 2020. Importantly, we are delivering this incremental oil growth with better than expected well productivity and capital efficiency. Because of this positive trend, we are lowering the midpoint of our capital spending outlook in 2019 by $50 million to a range of $1.8 billion to $1.9 billion. We also continue to make substantial progress on the cost reduction front. With a scalable growth we are achieving in the Delaware and the Powder River, coupled with the benefits of Canada exiting the portfolio, we project total company-per-unit LOE cost to improve 15% versus our original budget. Our G&A initiatives have also delivered a steady cadence of successful cost reductions year-to-date. We estimate that we have captured approximately $190 million of overhead savings to date on a run rate basis. And this momentum is projected to reduce G&A by more than 15% versus our original budget. With the progress we've made year-to-date, we are well on our way to attaining more than 70% of our $300 million, 3-year savings goal by the end of 2019. Shifting the interest expense with the $1.5 billion debt redemption we completed at the end of July, we are lowering our net financing cost forecast by approximately $50 million to a range of $250 to $270 million. All in all, we are executing at a very high level on the key financial objectives underpinning our 3-year plan. We have significant operational momentum heading into 2020, and we are positioned to deliver free cash flow, and attractive growth. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Scott for Q&A .
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, Tony, I was going to add some commentary. On top of all the great operational things that Tony highlighted, the teams are working and the efficiencies that we're gaining, on top of that as you look forward to 2020 and 2021, the supply chain group along with our operations teams have done a great job of driving down price on the services that we're procuring. In fact, we're working in kind of a deflationary environment at the moment and expect that to continue for the, for the second half of this year. So that's going to be a nice tailwind for us potentially as we move into 2020 and 2021 relative to the expectations that we had for our 3-year plan Initially.
Jeff Ritenour: Hey, Ryan, this is Jeff. Yes. I appreciate the question. Absolutely, the dividends are critical tool that we're utilizing to return cash to shareholders. We've done that for some time. We've had nice growth in the dividend. As you've heard us talk about our kind of dividend policy that we discussed with the Board, our thought processes really centers around the payout ratio, and so we've kind of designed the dividend to be kind of a 5% to 10% payout ratio, relative to our cash flow from operations. We think that that's competitive with our peer group. We want to make sure that we -- number 1, we can sustain the dividend on a go-forward basis. And then of course grow it from there. So, to the extent that we execute as we've talked about on our share repurchase program the remainder of this year and the debt reduction targets that we've outlined as well, we will certainly go back and discuss with the Board at the end of this year what the opportunity is to do additional share repurchases and think about additional dividend growth in that -- in those two concepts together.
Jeff Ritenour: Brian, this is Jeff again, I'm just going to introduce David Harris, who leads our business development and E&P Group and he can give you some color on the process there.
Jeff Ritenour: David, this is Jeff. I guess I would, I guess my commentary would be is that we believe it is, we are delivering a pretty simple message, which we've been pretty clear as we're generating cost savings, whether it's on the interest side or on the operating cost side, and the capital efficiencies that we're delivering on the operational side. That's ultimately generating the free cash flow that we projected in our 3-year plan. And then the mechanism that we're returning that to shareholders is through both the dividend and the share repurchase. So we think that's important to have a balance there. Obviously, our first priority has been to get the leverage down to the level that we felt comfortable with. And we're going to get that accomplished, obviously here over the next 6 to 9 months. Beyond that, then to the extent that we are generating the free cash flow that we expect, we'll deliver that in the form of share repurchases in the dividend. And so again we've, I guess I would just say we feel like we have a pretty clear message on that front. We've done over $4.4 billion of share repurchase to-date and grown the dividend in the last year. So, clearly that cash flow is going back to shareholders.
Dave Hager: Good morning, Arun. This is Dave. I'm going to start off with just a summary comment here and then we'll turn over to John Raines, who is our Delaware Basin, Vice President of that business unit to give some detailed comments about what you asked. What I think that is, you hit on the key, one of the key elements about New Devon that we have to continue to emphasize, is that in the Delaware Basin and -- most of our plays. We have moved out of an era where we're doing quite a bit of the appraisal work and moving into more, a much higher percentage that's pure development work. That leads to increased capital efficiency, lowering of the well cost, growing the best wells in the best zones, higher rates. It also obviously allows us to lower the well cost, as we have consistent capital, our consistent rigs in the same area. And so you see higher quality results and you see very consistent results. We've demonstrated that clearly with the first two quarters of results in 2019, and we will continue to deliver on that in the future. So with that, I'll turn it over to John to answer more details about what that means.
Dave Hager: Well, we're still working through the details of that. And we're doing a lot of modeling work on our 2020 capital program to determine what provides the optimum efficiencies. But we did direction, in my comments I did directionally guide that Delaware capital will continue to increase in 2020 and obviously rightfully so when you see the outstanding results that we're delivering there. And we are delivering good results by the way in other parts of our portfolio. It's not that others are failing, but yes this is succeeding so well and that's why we're able to increase our production guidance and lower our capital guidance. So we don't -- I can't give you specifics at this point. We're continuing to look at various scenarios and obviously it's a great place to be. We'll get an even more capital efficiencies than you originally estimated to think about what the options you have when it comes to our 2020 capital program.
Dave Hager: Yes, you're right, Doug and good morning. It's the -- the Powder has the highest oil percentage of any of the plays that we're involved in; and so that play does have very high margins associated with it. And obviously, it's a very sensitive than to oil prices that earns, that you generate on that play. We're extremely pleased with the results we're getting so far in the Powder where we've now entered into the full development mode on the low risk Turner play. That will constitute the bulk of the growth that we're going to realize over the next three years. And then we're excited as well about the Niobrara. We have not said too much about our first Niobrara well. We're just following that well back at this point, but so far so good I would say. One thing to be cautious about by the way on the Niobrara is what you really can't compare our Niobrara to other industry players' Niobrara out there, we are at the, from a thermal maturity standpoint, we are in heart of the oil window throughout the geologic column, including the Niobrara on our acreage, and that is not the case for some of the industry, other industry players that have a much more gassy count Niobrara. So we're excited although again that's the smaller part of our overall growth story over the next three years. But the returns are very competitive with those in the rest of portfolio and that's why we have four rigs working out there right now.
Dave Hager: Doug and for everyone, I think it's important to understand that we really have a dynamic capital allocation model, and what that means is that we really look at what are generating the highest returns throughout our portfolio. And we obviously take into account commodity price, commodity prices when we make that decision. We have the ability with the inventory levels that we have to grow any of the assets if we so choose. But we don't think about it so much about whether or not we are growing an individual asset or not. We allocate our capital out of what we consider to be the highest return opportunities and in a growth as an out, as an output of that given where we think we're getting the highest returns. If we were less dynamic frankly with our capital, we could just, we could allocate it more proportionate to all of our plays so that they all grow because we have the inventory to do that, but we don't think that's the way to optimize the value of the company. So with this, obviously we've had some weakness in natural gas and NGL prices here. And with that, we've made the decision to reduce the activity somewhat in the STACK and to reallocate that capital out to the Delaware and the Rockies given the higher returns in this point.
Dave Hager: I'm glad you appreciate that. And yes, it's -- I think you could make the argument frankly not just about that $50 million. But you can make the argument about capital in general. But as the -- what the right levels of capital are in the program, we did it to optimize the capital efficiencies that we have in both the Delaware and the Powder River Basin to optimize returns. It's to optimize the interplay between drilling rigs and completion crews and to maximize the efficiency, between those. And so we felt that that was going to maximize returns in the right decision to do. I think it's a totally separate discussion that you can ask of us or everyone else, every other E&P companies what their right level of capital allocation is and what's the right mix of competitive free cash flow yield and growth. And certainly, we think we're in a position to deliver on both of those and that's certainly what we're looking at going forward into 2020.
Dave Hager: No, there is no firm transportation to drive that capital allocation, there is no held by production issues at all. It is simply optimizing returns and again it's optimizing returns across the entire portfolio. We are currently having the bulk of our activity in the, what we call the volatile oil portion of the play and those returns and we've -- on our revised type curve that we put out previously, we're meeting or exceeding those and are driving down the cost of those wells extremely efficiently, noticed returns compete for capital with everything else in the portfolio. Obviously, as we move outside of that in future years more into what would be considered the gas condensate window and even perhaps the dry gas window, the resources there, the resource is very strong and the opportunities are there. But with the recent weakness in natural gas liquids, and natural gas prices, that's why we reallocated the $50 million out, and we're looking very closely at any activity outside of that, and considering whether we want to bring in joint venture partners on a small or a larger scale to help us with any activity there to really dramatically increase our capital efficiency and make those opportunities to compete for capital.
Dave Hager: Yes, Paul, let's say that's an area of focus that we've put in the company probably about 4 to 5 years ago. And I think over time we've described our commitment to being data driven. During that process, we've installed automation in virtually all of our producing assets across the portfolio. We have what we call decision support centers in each of our producing areas. They're manned 24-7 generally. There is a source of all this data driven work, we're actually now look, having the ability to look at information on all of our artificial lift equipment, and we can spot pending trouble on some of our artificial lift pumps and gas lift operations. We have the ability to predict failure as opposed to just running towards failure. We have the ability to bring the replacement pumps to location, have the crews available and ready to go before wells actually go offline. So the guys have done a really good job of incorporating the stop process across the organization. You heard us talk a little bit or described what is going on and the good work that the Delaware Basin team is doing. A lot of that same work is happening across the area, other areas as well. So we think it's material to the business as John describe having 10% uplift in our base operations, with virtually very little cost associated with that is an increment, I'm not sure all companies appreciate and then focus on. So, I appreciate your interest in that as well. It's a good quality work by our operating people.
Dave Hager: Well, obviously, as we move into full development mode, we are going to continue to drive down the costs on the capital side.. I think John Raines already outlined of how he sees additional cost improvement in the Wolfcamp. And I would anticipate that we are going to see drilling and completion cost improvement throughout the portfolio, because when you're in full development mode, it's just by nature that you get better and better as you do more repetitive type activities. So, I would anticipate that you would see that even more. Tony, I don't know if you want to answer a little bit on the LOE side. But I think the good news, one of the good news things I can add here you'll find a little bit is a lot of our infrastructure is in place and so we are able to add barrels with very little incremental cost, because of all the vast majority of the infrastructure is already in place for our, once we increase our production.
Dave Hager: It looks like we're going to have a really strong Q4 and that's going to be based on the higher, slightly higher capital spend that we have in Q3. That is going to drive really high production there. The only concern I've heard from our, seen from a couple of reports as well, does that drive down on 2020. And I guess I'd be willing to prepare a little spreadsheet for anybody while bringing on production a month early is a good thing, if that's what ends up happening then I don't get too worried about whether it comes on in December or January, quite frankly I think it's a big value driver or better. Anyway they -- there, we do anticipate a very strong end of the year. That's going to give us a lot of operational momentum as we go into 2020.
Dave Hager: Yes. The maintenance capital is one, about $1.4 billion and that's maintenance capital essentially to keep EBITDA flat. And the base decline on the assets overall is in the low 30's, a little bit higher on the oil side of the business that factors into that.
Dave Hager: Well, we are going to stick to our, I think the overall message first and foremost is that we are executing from an operational perspective at a very high level. We are going to continue to stick to that plan and we're very confident that that execution is going to continue. We think that we have the asset base, and there is a cost structure that we can deliver both, that we can deliver free cash flow yield. It's competitive, not only within the space but within other industrial companies, while still delivering significant growth. So, we are planning and our plans are based on delivering both of those. With that overall thought, that's part of the work that we're doing in regards to 2020 and beyond is what is the optimum level to ensure that we deliver on those metrics. So but the good news is with our low breakeven, the continued increasing capital efficiency, that continue reduction of the cost structure, and the growth in revenue is going to come as we grow our light oil production, we think we're as well positioned as just about any company out there in the space to deliver on that.
Dave Hager: Well, I think currently, again to emphasize it as we -- the current activity we have going on in the volatile oil window is competitive right now. It is as we move out of the volatile oil window in future, are those returns going to compete and certainly in the weaker natural gas and NGL market on a ground floor basis right now that they're going to struggle to compete for capital as well as so with the other place. But as I also have mentioned and we're not being too specific here, we just can't, that we see opportunities because of our strong acreage position that there are opportunities on both the small and perhaps even larger scale to bring in capital to that play to make those economics competitive that we would have activity outside the volatile oil window that would take advantage of these partner joint venture type opportunity.
