Scott Coody: Good morning, and thank you for joining us on the call today. Last night, we issued an earnings release and presentation that cover our results for the quarter and updated outlook. Throughout the call today, we will make references to the earnings presentation to support prepared remarks, and these slides can be found on our website. Also joining me on the call today are Rick Muncrief, our President and CEO; Clay Gaspar, our Chief Operating Officer; Jeff Ritenour, our Chief Financial Officer; and a few other members of our senior management team. Comments today will include plans, forecasts and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. These comments are subject to assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Please take note of the cautionary language and risk factors provided in our SEC filings and earnings materials. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick.
Scott Coody: Thanks, Rick. We'll now open the call to Q&A. Please limit yourself to one question and a follow up. This will allow us to get to more of your questions on the call today. With that, operator, we'll take our first question.
Scott Coody: Well, I appreciate everyone's interest in Devon day. I see that we're at the top of our time. So if you have any further questions, please don't hesitate to reach out to the Investor Relations team at any time. Once again, thank you for your interest, and have a good day.
Jeff Ritenour: Thanks, Clay. I'll spend my time today reviewing our financial performance in the third quarter and discussing our cash return approach for the future. In general, revenues and expenses came in line with expectations for most categories in the third quarter. However, high natural gas price realizations and lower tax rate due to R&D tax credits taken in the quarter drove our earnings beat versus the Wall Street consensus. Putting it all together, operating cash flow totaled $1.7 billion in the third quarter with capital reinvestment rates at 52% of cash flow, generating $843 million of free cash flow and more than twofold increase versus the prior period. With this free cash flow, a key priority for us was to strengthen our financial position. In August, we paid off $242 million of maturing debt, and we bolstered liquidity with cash balances increasing by 56% to $761 million. With these actions, Devon exited the quarter with a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of just over 0.5 turn. Moving forward, we plan to add to our financial strength in each quarter by committing around 30% of our free cash flow back to the balance sheet. This will allow us to further pare down our absolute debt balance with repayment of roughly $1 billion of maturities coming due in 2024 and 2025 and maintain a minimum cash balance in excess of $500 million. Cash returns to shareholders increased materially in the third quarter. Based on third quarter results, we declared a fixed plus variable dividend of $0.77 per share, an increase of 57% from the prior quarter. This dividend payout represents an attractive annualized yield of over 6% at today's share price. In addition to the dividend, we have a $3 billion share repurchase authorization in place. To-date, we've repurchased 400 million shares at a total cost of $2.1 billion. With this program, we are on pace to decrease Devon's outstanding share count by up to 9%. Although we temporarily paused our repurchase activity in the third quarter, retire debt and – excuse me, and to build cash, we continue to review buyback – or we continue to view buybacks as a critically important tool for us to compound per share growth for investors over time. As Rick stated earlier, we'll target 70% of free cash flow for cash returns to shareholders moving forward. With the recent weakness in our share price, investors should expect us to be an aggressive buyer of our equity once we come out of the earnings blackout and the general weighting of cash returns to be balanced towards share repurchases and our growing fixed dividend over the near term. With that, I'll turn the call back to Rick for some closing comments.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. I appreciate it, Doug. Yes, we understand the bias that the market’s had for share repurchases, and that’s certainly going to be our bias going forward. But we – frankly, we always think the variable dividend can be a component of our framework and expect it to be as we move forward. I appreciate your comments on the balance sheet because again, I’ll just remind folks, as always, that’s our primary priority as we work our way into any year and any budget. We want to make sure we maintain the financial strength. And as you heard in my opening comments, we’re committed to continuing to reduce our absolute debt level. Beyond that, we’re going to grow the fixed dividend as we’ve talked about as well. We always take that up with our Board in the first quarter of the upcoming year. And as we highlighted it in our materials, we expect to grow the fixed dividend again next year. Beyond that, I think it’s – at least in our view, it’s pretty clear that the equity price is disconnected from the fundamentals of our business. And moving forward here in the near-term, we’re going to lean in on the share repurchases. And as Rick said in his comments, that could have an impact on the variable dividend going forward. But I don’t want to exclude it as an option for us because frankly we think it’s a key component of continuing to deliver cash returns to shareholders. But without doubt our bias is going to be towards the share repo here in the near-term.
Jeff Ritenour: Neil, so we do a lot of work, as you can imagine, we talked last quarter about some of the work we do with the board and back in September really looking out five and ten years. And that leads to a kind of a more focused look this time of year, November; we have a call with the board. We're really starting to kind of firm things up. During that process, we run lots of sensitivities, the what ifs. We think about different deflation cadences, how that impacts us, different capital allocation. And what we've gotten to is we feel really good about this plan, refocusing as we've talked about on the Delaware Basin, benefiting from the work that we've done in 2023, around some of the assessment work. And so leveraging into that, we feel really good about the continued focus of the activity that we have and paring back on some of the other basins that probably could use a little bit more breathing room. And then feel really good about the deflation that we’ve baked in. Call it roughly 5% or so that we have in hand today we feel really good about those numbers. The balance, the remaining 5% is a little bit pair back in activity, and then of course, we’re striving to exceed those expectations every day inside our shop.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. I appreciate that, Charles. And I think your last comment is important because that’s why we want to maintain flexibility and we believe the framework that we have today allows for that as we kind of navigate the different market conditions and whether that’s specific to Devon or on a more macro basis. As it relates to how we evaluate the share repurchase, I think I’ve talked about this in the past, but just like you all, we have our own internal models, obviously, around intrinsic value, but we also watch closely how our peers are trading, how we’re trading relative to them. And I think without question, you’ve seen compression of our multiple over the last 12 months. And so we sit today, it feels pretty clear to us. Given what we know and how we feel about the go-forward business, which I thought Clay did a great job of articulating our game plan here over the next 12 months. We feel like it’s a right time to jump in and be more aggressive on the share repo than we’ve been in the past. And so you’ll see us execute that over the coming quarters. And it’s always a little bit challenging with the earnings blackouts that we have as it relates to the timing of how that plays out. But we’ve got a game plan to go execute on that and be pretty consistent as we move forward over the next several quarters.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, Scott, you bet. The answer for the third quarter is real simple. As you'll recall, at the end of the second quarter, we disclosed our cash balance a dip below $500 million. As you might recall, when we rolled out our framework three years ago, one of the key criteria was that we maintain a cash balance in excess of that $500 million level. So our first priority was to take care of the maturity that we had in the third quarter. Second priority was to build back our cash balance above that $500 million level, which, as you saw in our reported results here in the third quarter, we've done that. So that married with our commitment to deliver on the variable dividend that we talked about in the previous quarter. We weren't in a position to buy any incremental shares in the quarter. But going forward. We've – I think we've hopefully clearly telegraphed today our intention on the share repo as well as the potential impact to the variable dividend going forward. And so look forward to getting to our next call in February and kind of talking about the results.
Rick Muncrief: Thank you, Jeff. I would like to close today by reiterating a few key messages from our prepared remarks. Number one, we plan to incorporate our learnings from the past year, tighten a few things up and refine our capital allocation in 2024 to deliver a step-change improvement in capital efficiency. Number two; this improved capital efficiency is anchored by our franchise asset in the Delaware Basin, where we expect well productivity to improve by up to 10% year-over-year. Number three, with our long-duration resource base, we have a depth of inventory to deliver sustainable results through the cycle. And number four, we are deeply committed to a disciplined pursuit of per share value creation and our carefully designed cash term framework that has the flexibility to allocate free cash flow across multiple avenues to optimize shareholder value. We've demonstrated that and we'll continue to do so in the future. And now with that, I'll now turn the call back over to Scott for Q&A.
Rick Muncrief: Yes. And I think it's something that's very – obviously very topical in light of some of the recent transactions out there. Really, as you know, you've been covering this sector a long time, many people on the call are, but really it's part of the fabric of this industry, the sector. The one thing it won't change is our approach. And we've always had been very compelled, just have a high bar, be very disciplined and make sure that it fits within the framework that we have. And as you've heard Jeff talk about in my prepared remarks, I mean, right now, we see one of the greatest, most clear cut opportunities is just ourselves with our share repurchases. And so that's how we're looking at it. I do think that you'll continue to see consolidation. We've been on record as saying we support continued consolidation in the sector. We think it's the right thing to do for investors. But as far as Devon's participation, I'm going to go back to those key elements and we're going to have a high bar, be very disciplined, be very thoughtful, and make sure we can sell that to shareholders, that it's the right thing to do.
Rick Muncrief: Yes, thanks, Neil. I appreciate the question. We've been staring at this kind of saddle in fourth quarter, first quarter for quite a while. We don't provide detailed guidance, typically ahead of the coming quarter. And so having the activity really that fourth frac crew in the front half of 2023, we've benefited certainly in this quarter and we'll see a rollover in the fourth and first before we build that duct cadence back up again and we're able to bring that fourth frac crew up. That provides some lumpiness. We realize that's not ideal. We're trying to make sure that we telegraph not just this fourth quarter, but the first quarter has a little bit of a saddle as well. I think once we get that frac crew back, we reestablish the higher rate. It's pretty – it’s steadier throughout the year. So think of two, three, four being a little bit flatter. The fourth could come down just a little bit, but probably not quite as much as a saddle as we saw in this fourth and first coming quarters.
Rick Muncrief: Scott, the good news is we’re in the hottest basin in the world. The bad news is when you’re in the hottest basin in the world you’re always going to have some kind of constraint. And so we work really closely with our third-parties on trying to stay ahead of that. In fact, we do proactive work on even modeling their own infrastructure. We’ve done some big projects this year. The Stateline processing facility that we are part of, we added a 200 million a day to that processing that not only benefits Stateline, but certainly some of the gas that we have in New Mexico as well. We worked very hard on some of the water infrastructure, made some great improvements on that, some redundancy there. So we feel really good about that really good work. Now we’re really focused on some of the electrification. While we’ve made good progress, I can tell you that’s going to be a continued focus for us and for industry. The weather specifically, around July, we had some serious windstorm blew over a lot of power lines. And as you can imagine, it’s not just getting those power lines back up, it’s not just getting our wells back up, but it’s all of the third-party infrastructure that’s daisy chained together. And so that’s where we saw some of the real tightness of that infrastructure, not having alternative outlets that you typically would in a looser environment. So that continues to build out. There’s been some really material improvement. But just know that this is a very active basin. Certainly Devon’s not the only company very active in the basin. And so we’ll continue to try our best to stay ahead, not just on our own controllable activity, but working with our third-parties so that they can stay ahead with us.
Rick Muncrief: Yes, I’m pulling the number now. It’s about 400, yes; it’s about 400 wells, relatively flat. It looks like we kind of peak a little bit more towards the middle two quarters, but relatively flat during the year.
Rick Muncrief: Yes, I think you try and plan this stuff years in advance because many of these big projects are multi-year projects and sometimes those projects slip. Ultimately, funding decisions are outside of your control. So some of those things can be typically accounted for and baked in. What we’re really focused on in 2023 is making sure that we’re honoring our flaring percentages. We’ve done an amazing job of driving that down. We’re really thoughtful about these outlets and making sure that we have the ability to flow these wells back. And so we want to make sure that we’re staying ahead of any bumps and disruptions. As you know, in the New Mexico side, it’s a lot more federal land. You’re relying a lot more on the BLM, even small things like right away, which are pretty standard course take a little bit longer these days. And so during that transition, when we’re accounting for that and our third-party partners are accounting for that, there can be a little bit of an extended drag. I think we’ve gotten a lot of really good important progress during the course of 2023 that we will benefit from. But we will continue to see constraints all the way around the Permian Basin as this is a materially growing basin that’s so incredibly prolific.
Rick Muncrief: Charles, this is Rick. I’d like to – I’d like to add. Yes, sorry. One thing I’d like to add is, we are really pleased with how the midstream providers are building out their capacity. So we think that some here in the next six quarters to eight quarters, you’re going to see another 2 Bcf a day, plus or minus, in the Permian Basin of processing. So when you step back and you look at the capital investment on the midstream, you look at the long-haul getting pipe built in the ground, getting those getting out of the gas to the Gulf Coast area and then over into Louisiana and there are areas like that for the LNG facilities. We just think the – the right amount of focus is being placed on it, and I feel very confident in future. And the other thing I’d say, I’ve got is a pretty good time to interject this, but we continue to see growth into Mexico. That is a market that has grown from 2 Bcf a day up 6 Bcf, 7 Bcf a day, and there’s no basin more well suited for that, I think, than the Permian when you start looking at Western margins of the Permian Basin. So whether you’re on the Delaware side, the Midland side, you’re going to benefit I think, from that Mexican growth over the next decade or two.
Rick Muncrief: Yes. It’s a really good question, Matt. I think I’m going to start the Anadarko there. So we actually were running four rigs. We dropped a rig as you probably recall mid-year. The Dow partnership we have is going really well. Even though the strip is supportive for gas, the outlook we think is really good. One of the things that we were faced with or we made the decision to do is just scale back at capital just a little bit and going from four to three rigs. We think that’s the right thing to do. Obviously, the promote keeps those returns in a pretty good spot. So that’s how we’re looking at that. I think, as we go into 2024, we plan to keep a three-rig program is our plan. Now up in the Powder, we – our original plan contemplated running two rigs, possibly even considering a third rig up there just because some of the encouraging results. But the fact of the matter is that we are still challenged somewhat on the well cost a little bit. And that some of that’s just a function of your activity level being somewhat depressed quite honestly, or slower than you need to drive those costs down. We’ve made a decision to be just returns focused and make sure that we get that capital efficiency increase that we referred to. And the best way for us to do that is drop that back to one rig versus the plan two or three. It’s a – I think it’s the right thing to do short term. Now, longer term, we know that you need to put additional capital in there. So we’re working with service providers. See if we can see some creative ways to do that. But that’s probably something we’d need to contemplate more into 2025. But we are seeing some, right, some really encouraging results. So real pleased with that asset at that point in time.
Rick Muncrief: Yes. We think it's a new baseline. The fact is we – not too dissimilar from what the consensus was is that 320 was probably certainly doable. We've done it two or three quarters in a row. But the reality is, as we continue to see some constraints, some weather issues and real-world impacts, we think that 315 is absolutely the right baseline for us.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Doug, I’ll just add to that. I appreciate Rick’s comments. And one thing we’ve learned, we’ve been very open on the amount of surprise we’ve had specifically around some of the partially depleted wells that we’ve drilled. We’ve gotten operationally better. We’ve made three or four very specific changes that have improved how we develop those wells, how we bring them online, how we keep them online, small things like artificial lift and even the design of the completion itself. And so as we get better, that improves the productivity, ultimately the economics of those wells in the later life. And so those are learnings that eventually will apply to lots of other basins and feel real confident that given that same circumstance, we now have a better arsenal of tools to approach those wells.
Clay Gaspar: Well, as we think about kind of this 70-30 split, it does parallel our inventory. And so we think about most of our inventory being on that north side. Clearly, in 2023, we were very clear, we want to do a little bit more assessment work, spread some of that out. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we had to reach in a little bit deeper in some of the areas that we wouldn't normally have kind of reach into that bolt-in. That kind of diluted a little bit the average productivity that we delivered. I think working through that inventory – or, excuse me, working through that assessment work and really having a better understanding of where that sits. We're now leveraging those learnings into the activity in 2024 and then also allowing that infrastructure to mature a little bit also allows us to leverage back the benefits of the work we did in 2023 for the benefiting 2024. So there's a good parallel there, and I don't see us falling out of too much out of sync with that inventory run.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Neal, I would say it was a combination of – we did some assessment work. I highlighted on the last call, specifically the B zone. Really understanding, how does this work as we co-develop? How does this work independently? What’s the right business decision? And that takes time to evaluate. So that’s some of the things that we did dozens of other tests as well. But some of the work that we invested in during the course of 2023. Some of the things that we’re learning, obviously, we’re applying to 2024. And then parallel to that was the infrastructure comments that that I just went through. So I think there’s a parallel as we think about what this concentration of activity means. Again, I’ll go back to the kind of two-thirds, one third of our inventory is in the New Mexico side. So we’re not overly leveraging New Mexico versus Texas. Now, we’re certainly high-grading. We’re always trying to drill our best stuff first, but that’s no different than what we’re doing in other basins. And obviously, other operators are doing as well.
Clay Gaspar: Yes, Charles, it’s a bit of a whack-a-mole kind of opportunity. You bring on these big pads, and you’re really focused on gas takeaway or gas compression or processing. But as you bring these wells on, you’re also testing water. What we’re seeing is with everyone – the incredible electrical demand, some of the electricity providers are struggling to keep up with that growth. So we’re moving forward with some things to take a little bit more self-control on some of those projects and behind-the-meter opportunities to control our own destiny even a little bit more. But I can tell you as soon as we get one issue resolved, there’s other issues that pop up, and that’s just part of working in a very hot dynamic play. Now, what I will add to that, and I think is very important, we also see these as not just constraints, but opportunities. And we truly believe if we can identify them early, then we have options. We can wire around the issue. We can figure out how to work with third parties and develop and make sure that, that is built in time for our needs. We can certainly choose to drill alternate wells, reshuffle the portfolio or number four, we can lean in and be aggressive about capturing that value and leveraging that. And you’ve seen us do that a number of times. So I think the most important thing is being opportunistic, make sure we’re really thinking far out ahead and making sure we’re acting on that.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Thanks for the question, Matt. I’d say it’s all a very much a work in progress. Definitely the South Texas Eagle Ford area is a maturing basin, similar to Williston, but very different in many ways. The rock is incredibly forgiving in the sense of down spacing refracs. We continue to find and uncover new ways to extract more and more of that oil in place. So we’re very encouraged with that. Now that said, it doesn’t always come out exactly as planned. I would say it was less about the learnings around down spacing more, a little bit about regional. And so as we moved into specific areas, we found that one, the recipe from what we call the Black Hawk area kind of our legacy business, isn’t exactly the same recipe as we reply to our Falcon, the new assets. And so some of those learnings certainly have accounted in for the results in 2023. We have a little bit less activity during this quarter. So you saw the oil production rollover second quarter, third, I’ll caution to look back, make sure you look back at the first quarter because we had about a 10% improvement or increase in production quarter-over-quarter from one to two, and then a down from two to three. So that’s more related to activity, less about individual well results. But as we continue to explore refracs down spacing combinations of how we do this co-development, I would say we’re very encouraged about what we’re seeing there. And this rock continues to be the rock that keeps on giving.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. I've always struggled with the maintenance capital question because there's always a way to kind of game the system. If you just want to focus on oil or gas or whatever, I would say this is a maintenance capital with a longer-term mindset in mind because we are still doing work to really prove up future value. We're doing things to always kind of enhance our portfolio. At the same time, maintenance capital of essentially roughly the same production 2024, excuse me, 2023 to 2024. And then as we look out to 2025, we're at least that level, maybe a little bit of growth in 2025 based on this investment. So yes, rough numbers, I would call that a maintenance capital, but a healthy maintenance capital.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. We are certainly still nailing things down, and this is all preliminary based on the Board's approval. But I think directionally, you're right. We had looked at what is the constant two rigs for us to operate scenario look like? What does a one-rig for us to operate scenario look like? And then, of course, we're working with our JV partners BPX [ph] on activity level for that side of the base in the Black Hawk side. And so I think what we're working towards and we're finalizing looks like a high-graded activity consistent with what we've talked about in the other basins. And you'll see a really nice uptick in efficiency – capital efficiency from that. Now still bear in mind, I mean, we're doing some really inventive things there. We're looking forward on a lot of projects. We're not starving the asset of how do we create more value moving forward. That's very important to us that we're balancing the short-term wins with also longer-term value creation.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. I'll go back to kind of what are we excited about when we look at the footprint that we have today, as we think about innovation in that space, Paul, last week, I did a couple of days of intensive conversation did an off-site with my team. And we're really focused on what distinguishes us two years from now, five years from now. And most importantly, what are the actions that we can take to ensure that exceptional performance. I think the two year conversations, there was a lot about recovery factor. How do we intent – how do we intentionally go after more of that oil that we already knows there. We sit in five amazing basins, have incredible land footprints already under our feet. And how do we think about extracting just a little bit more from the resources that we have. So a lot about stimulation design, a lot about integrated approach, thinking like geologists and reservoir engineers and completion engineers all at the same time in extracting that value really leaning in some of the great work that we found around refracs, some of the other things that we have. And as we move towards five year really things start coming in more focus around things like enhanced oil recovery, how are we progressing those learnings. And again, leveraging the amazing footprint that we already have today, how do we enhance that ballpark 10% recovery to 12%, 15%, 20%, essentially doubling the resource that we have.  Specifically, the learnings around the acquisitions that was a little bit more than a year ago. We're still a pretty fresh team. I can tell you, the acquisitions were fantastic. Value-creating opportunities for us. They fit the portfolio. And what we really learned is that we need to do a better job in the process of the handoff and how do we pick those opportunities up. When these companies, the prior owners may have a little different mindset on how far ahead they are on infrastructure, on permitting, on how they manage the day-to-day operations things like ESG or a very high important factor to us. So moving through that kind of – that transition period, I think we have gotten materially better from the first to the second and when the third one comes, we'll make another material improvement. So real pleased with the team, the work that David's team, the greater team does in that evaluation. We're in every day to the room, we'll look hard at everything. We keep an exceptionally high bar and we'll continue to get very much better on that handoff and really improving the ultimate value from these opportunities.
