Scott Coody: Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining us on the call today. Last night, we issued an earnings release and operations report that cover our results for the year and our forward-looking outlook. We will make references to our operations report during the call today to aid the conversation and these slides can be found on our website at devonenergy.com. Also joining me on the call today are, Dave Hager, our President and CEO; Jeff Ritenour, our Chief Financial Officer; David Harris, our Executive Vice President of Exploration and Production; and a few other members of our senior management team. Comments on the call today will contain plans, forecasts and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. These comments are subject to assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements. Please take note of the cautionary language and risk factors provided in our SEC filings and earnings materials. With that, I'll turn the call over to Dave.
Scott Coody: Thanks David. We'll now open the call to Q&A. Please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. This allows us to get to more of your questions on the call today. With that operator, we'll take our first question.
Scott Coody: Well I see we're at the top of the hour. So I appreciate everyone's interest in Devon today. And if you have any further questions please don't hesitate to reach out to the Investor Relations team at any time which consists of myself and Chris Carr. Have a good day.
Dave Hager: Sure Arun. Yeah, first off, we are very comfortable with the capital allocation we have and frankly the shift of capital from the STACK to the Delaware is the primary reason that you're going to see the growth that we have described in 2021 in general terms, why that is sustainable over a longer period of time, because if you think about it conceptually it takes nine to 12 months for first production to come from capital. And so really for the most part the capital that we're spending in 2020 where we've shifted some of that capital to the Delaware is being reflected in 2021 production results, which is driving that oil growth rate. And that is sustainable for many, many years with the deep inventory of opportunities that we have in the Delaware Basin. So that's fundamentally why we're going to see the kind of growth rates that we're describing here for a long time. Now given that that we are comfortable and we are driving higher capital efficiencies internally, we're driving higher levels of cash flow and focused on returning that value to shareholders through increased capital efficiencies and the higher cash flow that we're generating, we have no need to do an acquisition. Now are we looking at opportunities? Absolutely. That -- we are in the deal flow. We're always going to be in a deal flow. We think that's part of our job. But we are going to be incredibly disciplined around any decision regarding that because of the strength of our internal portfolio that we have and the confidence that we have that we're going to be able to continue to drive higher cash flow through the oil growth and increased capital efficiencies.
Dave Hager: Doug I guess, what we're trying to say here is we look at a combination of returns, growth and free cash flow generation and try to optimize at a level that is the best for all three of those metrics. And so it's not an absolute one or the other. It's an interactive look at those variables and see what we think makes the most sense overall.
Dave Hager: Well, the first -- yeah, and again the most important thing to think about on this is what I said earlier in response to I think Doug's question is that we have a great game plan internally to start with. So we feel no need to do any inorganic type activity at all. Now as I said, we are in a deal flow, but we're going to be extremely disciplined. Frankly, we're in a deal flow for a couple other publics that transacted recently including the -- or a couple of deals including the Felix deal that transacted recently. So we're there and we understand what's going on overall. But to give you some idea for the criteria that we look at for any sort of M&A activity, we wanted to first off to be accretive to our financial metrics on a per-share basis. Second, it also has to fit strategically within the framework of our asset portfolio. So that it an area frankly where we can realize some sort of synergies beyond what are -- the way that is being executed right now whether that be G&A synergies, LOE synergies or capital efficiency synergies -- do we feel that we have a better way to develop these assets than are currently being developed. And then it have to compete for capital allocation within our portfolio as well. So those are some of the highest. A lot of say -- probably also one you might add would be margin expansion. Obviously, we're looking for ways that we can expand our margins overall as a company, and again, are there ways that we can reduce the cost overall of the combined entities. So that's overall the type criteria that we look at. Again, it's -- we're going to be -- remain extremely disciplined around these, because we think we absolutely have a strong strategy as it is. We have a strong asset base and we have the right people internally to execute on that these opportunities. And so we'll see if anything comes along to fit those criteria or not, but if it's -- if it doesn't that's fine because we feel very confident in our strategy.
Dave Hager: You've seen the changes in the Wolfcamp as an idea of how much we've been able to drive down drilling costs and completion costs once we go into full development mode and we haven't done any of that yet in the Niobrara. And so at this point, it's just really appraisal mode. So I don't know if the numbers are going to be identical to that or not, but I -- there is definitely -- teams have internal goals I can tell you that are pretty aggressive around cost reduction that they can achieve. Once we get into full development mode and great confidence, we're going to be able to do that. But right now the focus has been as David said more on the appraisal and understanding the resource. But once we get into the development mode then things can change pretty quickly.
Dave Hager: Probably not a significant shift. We'd just be able to do more activity much more efficiently, but not a significant overall shift in the capital allocation.
Dave Hager: Well, we have a great relationship with Dow. And we started our relationship in the Barnett actually with them with a similar type deal. This is a little bit larger deal. And so -- and we think this is going to work very well. And so, there may be potential for Dow somewhere else. There's also -- we're looking at some opportunities around OBO capital that are not going to fit our return criteria, whether there's opportunities to bring in a partner for some of those opportunities rather than just go non-consent on those wells, but actually have someone else come in and execute a program associated with that. So, that's -- that is another type deal that we're out there working on right now. There's a possibility in the future. And I'm not talking about with Dow at this point, but it could be with other partners.
Dave Hager: Well, I'll just start off saying, we want to have a dividend and Jeff's outlined the 5% to 10% of cash from operations. We don't want to have a dividend that is sustainable and can grow through time and so we are I think a measured approach there. We have about a 2% yield right now I think where we're currently trading. But it's something that should be sustainable and grow through time. Jeff, can go through the numbers, the cash we have and the cash we're going to be bringing in and why we feel, we can continue to be aggressive on that side. We've set out our capital program. Again, we optimized that capital program already on the basis of how we think about our -- the returns on the program, the capital efficiency this generated, the growth rate that we feel is appropriate and the free cash flow that that will generate. So that's essentially established. So then, you go back to the free cash flow that we -- or the cash that we have as a company. And bottom line, we have the cash. Jeff can go through that and we think we're significantly undervalued. So it's a great investment opportunity.
Dave Hager: Yes. And first off Charles if you look at slide 18 you'll show -- we showed the drilling and completion costs. For the Wolfcamp wells we had $880 per foot. I think that compares extremely well against what some other people are talking about probably even today and that's again just the Wolfcamp. And if we looked at our entire well mix it would -- of the Delaware Basin it'd be even a much lower dollar per foot. And so just keep that in mind when you hear some other numbers out there that -- about the on the efficiency side. On the productivity side I think we're finding and we've learned a lot about the Wolfcamp. I'll tell you who can probably get a little bit more detail. David why don't you run with it here? I got a few ideas but I think you probably have better ones than I do. So take that off.
David Harris: Arun, this is David Harris. Thanks for the question. Yeah, we're really excited about the Potato Basin areas. I mentioned in my prepared remarks, this is an area where some other companies including Oxy as you mentioned have been active for a little while. Spud Muffin is our first operated test. We brought seven wells online there and they far exceeded our expectations for that area. And so we think we're going to see increasing activity out there not just from an industry perspective, but you'll increasingly see it compete for capital within our portfolio. I think if you look in the operations report at kind of how we've allocated capital throughout the year, it's going to be roughly about 20% of our capital or so going forward. And so it's one of the things that we like about the Delaware position that we have in the five core areas. We're diversified across the basin of Southeast New Mexico and think that that will continue to be an exciting area for us going forward.
David Harris: Yeah. You bet. I guess one thing I would add specifically in addition to some of the things that Dave noted, from a capital efficiency perspective as we laid out the roughly 2,000 wells of risked Delaware inventory last year and we're going to bring on about 130 spuds or so this year, so that's about 15 years of inventory. As Dave said, we have a long, long runway of high-quality things to do. One of the things that we really haven't reflected go forward that we think will continue to improve the quality of that inventory is the capital efficiency and the step change that we're seeing. There's -- when you're able to reduce your cost and cycle times as material as we have been and think we'll be able to continue to do, and as you're able to enhance the productivity of your well certainly that's going to have a positive impact as you roll forward and think about the development of that resource base going forward.
David Harris: Yes. So when we talk about Atlas West and Atlas East, it's our entire 200,000 acre position in the northern part of Converse County. So as a reminder that doesn't include any of our acreage up in Campbell, where other operators have been active in the Niobrara. As we think about that position, it's probably early before we move into development to really give you specific resource sort of numbers. But if you just did some pretty simple math at kind of the three-well spacing, which we think is kind of the bottom end of where we'd be that likely points you to something in the neighborhood of about 500 locations.
David Harris: Matt, this is David Harris. Yeah. In terms of STACK activity with Dow, as we've highlighted the first phase of the work that we're going to do with them is in the Jacobs Row, which is a Woodford Row development similar to some of the ones that we've done before. These are very predictable projects, and we're going to be looking at starting that project in the second quarter likely in the May time frame, which just given the size of the project likely means that the production isn't coming on until the first part of 2021. As we've modeled that, even at the strip today where we currently sit that initial project in the Jacobs Row represents a fully burdened rate of return of about 20%. So, given the predictability of that project, we feel good about that project internally. With respect to competing for capital obviously we have a partner. We want to stay aligned with them and so we'll continue to be mindful of the commodity price environment as we go forward and have the right kind of dialogue that you would expect as we think about forward decisions around the program.
David Harris: Yes. This is David again. Yes. I think the punchline answer to your question from a capital efficiency perspective you've already kind of hit on just in terms of the little earlier stage, nature of the assets, some of the appraisal work we're doing. So clearly we've got some science and data acquisition capital there as we're seeking to best understand the resource and how to move it into full-field development. And so I think throughout 2020 and into 2021, particularly with the Niobrara as we move into more of a development mode, we think you'll see a step change in that capital efficiency as we start to mature that asset.
David Harris: And Brian just let me add a few other tidbits. You were asking about other nuances that may impact the modeling of that. And one thing you have to be mindful of is what the differentials we just carried forward kind of the current state that we're seeing right now into 2021. Where there could be upside on that is obviously is the Permian highway or Whistler comes online, you could potentially see some substantially improved realizations, but we did not build that in. And then also we saw the -- our LOE costs continue to go down as well in 2021, especially after some MBC payments roll off in the STACK. That will be a nice tailwind for us. And one other item you want to notice, we expect our G&A cost to continue to gravitate towards that $350 million target. So that would be another improvement you should account for when you're trying to calibrate to our estimates. Sorry. I didn't mean to cut you off there, but I'll let you ask your next question.
David Harris: Well, it's something that we're certainly aware of and we follow but we feel that we have a good plan and can adjust as appropriate. And I don't want to get into all the various legal arguments so -- on what could or could not take place. We've -- I can tell you we've studied it pretty extensively. And we think from a practical standpoint the most likely thing that could happen would be a slowdown in the permitting process with the BLM. And in preparation for that we are building an inventory of permits. The permits just so you know on federal land are actually two-year permits and then you can apply for a two-year extension on the permits. That's the max that anybody can get. And so we're building up our permit inventory if that eventuality would take place. Under the Obama administration, it took about 18 months or so to get a permit. Under the Trump administration, it's more like 6 months to get a permit and so we're preparing for that. But again that's one of the advantages of also having a multi-basin portfolio too is that we can reallocate capital away from federal lands. But in the meantime we're growing up the inventory if the permitting process does slow down. And again I know there's talk of other things that are more dramatic than that and we don't have time to get into all that from a legal discussion here on the call, but I think we've looked at a lot of those issues. And this is what we think is by far the most likely scenario that we should prepare for.
David Harris: Yes. You bet. I think at the core of it over the last several years as we've increased our technical focus we are really doing integrated reservoir modeling from a multidisciplinary approach and what that's led to is a high-grade of landing zones and targets. And so I think that's probably -- as much as anything that's the biggest driver that you're seeing from a productivity standpoint is the higher-end technical work we're doing. We're targeting the best parts of these landing zones. Our geo-steering capabilities is something we've invested in over the -- several years ago starting several years ago keeping those wells in zone substantially through that entire lateral. All those things add up on a cumulative basis to kind of -- to drive the step change performance that you've seen from a productivity perspective.
Jeff Ritenour: Yeah. Doug I would say it's more of an output. It's a balance. We've had a balance for all the different targets and metrics that we've been talking about from a growth standpoint, from the payout ratio and the dividend. Actually I would back up and say, what underpins all of that is that lowering that breakeven funding level for us. So you heard us talk about the $46.50 for 2021. We're working obviously to lower that every day. And that's really going to underpin our financial strategy going forward as we add high-margin assets to the portfolio through the capital allocation that we've talked about more so to the Delaware on a go-forward basis. So, when we think about how that competes relative -- not only to our sector, but I would point you to the broader S&P 500 sector, we've looked at what is the kind of free cash flow yield that looks competitive. We think it's probably something in the 5% to 10% range. You marry that with what you -- what our dividend should look like and how competitive that is not only again to the S&P -- excuse me, to the E&P sector, but the broader S&P 500. And then we try to marry all that together and spit out what we think is a pretty competitive game plan not just from growth but on all those free cash flow metrics as well.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. It's really a returns-based focus. So we start from the ground up in building our game plan and portfolio and we allocate as much capital as we can to the highest-return products and everything else just falls out of that.
Jeff Ritenour: And we measure that against the broader competitive landscape to make sure that we're in line and competitive with our peers and then the broader S&P 500.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. Jeanine you're spot on. That's exactly right. It does imply improved breakeven in 2021 versus 2020. You're right. We do get – we have taken the benefit of the hedges that we have in place as it relates to 2020 but I'll point you back to some comments Dave made earlier, which is a function of our capital program. The capital that we're spending and the allocation to the Delaware and specifically the Wolfcamp in 2020 is what's really driving that improved capital efficiency in 2021. And so it's just increasing our ability to lower that breakeven in future years.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. We – Jeanine, as we said in our prepared remarks and I think we've talked about in the past, we've tried to build the business around a $50 oil and kind of $2 gas price. So that's where we start with our base business plan and then evaluate obviously the different market dynamics as we go through each year with our Board to determine where the – where the dividend ultimately lands. But as we – as I discussed in my prepared remarks, what underlies our policy, our dividend policy is that 5% to 10% kind of payout ratio, which we think is very competitive with the peer group and the broader S&P 500.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. No. This is Jeff. We have built in some of the efficiencies that we saw in the second half of 2019 and in the fourth quarter of 2019 into the program. But as it relates to service costs inflation or deflation, we really left that flat. So we have seen some -- continue to see some deflationary environment on some of the services, so it could be a potential tailwind for us in 2020. But generally speaking, we've just assumed that that would be flat for the year.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. So Dave, you summed it up well. The only thing I would add is some specifics around the cash balances. We talked about this a little bit in the opening remarks, but we have about $1.8 billion of cash at year-end. We'll add to that with the Barnett divestiture, the $770 million roughly. And so, as Dave articulated, we feel like we can accomplish our financial objectives both on the debt repurchase and with $1 billion share repurchase program that our Board has approved for this year. So, we feel really good about our ability to continue returning cash to shareholders via the dividend and the share repurchase this year.
Jeff Ritenour: Okay. Yes. It's going to be about -- for the 30-day rates that we achieved in the quarter. It's going to be about 70% oil for those projects. Some are a little bit above that and some are a little bit above, but that's a good way to think about it.
Jeff Ritenour: Just scanning the numbers here, directionally they look about the same. So, they're around that 70% mark. So there's be -- big differentiation there on a 30-day rate or an EUR basis for that matter between the Wolfcamp and the Bone Spring.
Jeff Ritenour: And just as a point of clarification. That's for about -- given the configuration of that development that's for about a 6,000 foot lateral.
