Vincent W. White: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everybody, to today's second quarter 2012 earnings call and webcast. Today's call will follow our usual format. I'll provide a few preliminary items and then turn the call over to our President and CEO, John Richels for his review. Then Dave Hager, Head of Exploration and Production, will provide the operations update. And following that, our Chief Financial Officer, Jeff Agosta, will finish up with a review of our financial results and outlook. After Jeff's call, we'll have a Q&A session. And our Executive Chairman, Larry Nichols, as well as Darryl Smette, Head of Marketing and Midstream are with us today to help out with the Q&A session. As usual, we'll conclude the call after an hour, so if we do not get to your questions during the Q&A, we'll be around for the remainder of the day to answer your questions. A replay of this call will also be available later today on our website. During the call today, we're going to update some of our forward-looking estimates based on the actual results that we've seen in the first half of the year and our revised outlook for the second half of 2012. In addition to the updates that we're providing during the call, we will file an 8-K later today containing the details of our updated 2012 estimates. To access this guidance, just click on the guidance link found in the Investor Relations section of the Devon website. Please note that all references today to our plans, forecast, expectations and estimates are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. And while we always strive to give you the very best information possible, there are numerous factors that could cause our actual results to differ from those estimates. A discussion of risk factors relating to these estimates can be found in the 8-K that we are filing later today. Also, in today's call, we'll reference certain non-GAAP performance measures. When we use these measures, we're required to provide related disclosures and those are also available on the Devon website. Looking briefly at our earnings for the quarter, the First Call mean estimate for Devon's second quarter earnings was $0.81 per share. That compares to actual non-GAAP earnings from continuing operations of $0.55 per share. So clearly, we had a big earnings miss for the second quarter. By far, the largest driver of the miss was wider product price differentials. These low price realizations also negatively impacted our midstream earnings. And to a much lesser degree, our results were negatively impacted by production interruptions that reduced our second quarter production by 16,000 barrels per day, average, for the full quarter. The most significant occurrence was a longer-than-expected partial shutdown for maintenance and repairs at our Bridgeport facility in north Texas. That work has now been completed. This reduced our NGLs production by approximately 10,000 barrels per day in the quarter, while disruptions at third-party facilities in the Permian Basin, Mid-Continent and Gulf Coast regions contributed to the reduced volumes as well. As of today, all of the issues that interrupted production have been resolved. At this point, I'll turn the call over to John Richels.
Vincent W. White: This is Vince. I'd add that the 2 JVs that we've entered into will allow us to get a lot more activity out of any given capital spend. So we could achieve similar results of developing our core development plays, while evaluating acreage and exploration plays with a reduced amount of capital.
Vincent W. White: All right. Well, I show the top of the hour. So thank you for participating in our call today, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Darryl G. Smette: Yes, this is Darryl and I'll answer that. The whole Cline Shale is a big area obviously. There is a lot of the area out there that really has no infrastructure at all in terms of pipelines, gas processing plants, things of that nature. So infrastructure definitely, in a lot of these areas, will have to be built. There are a few little areas in Sterling County where there is some infrastructure and some of the wells that Dave talked about that have been drilled there are close to that infrastructure. But in general, when we go forward, and I think we're going to have success here, infrastructure will be an area that we have to focus on, either Devon, in terms of its midstream operations, or a third party or a combination thereof. The agreement with Sumitomo allows them to participate in midstream activities, if we choose to go forward with that, or if they choose to go forward with that, so that would be an option for them. But right now, that decision, whether they would participate in any midstream facilities has not been made by them.
Darryl G. Smette: Well, right now, it looks like it's going to be some of both, so we can test the play from a wider context. But some areas are going to have a little bit of infrastructure and some of the wells that we will drill probably will not have the infrastructure right now.
Darryl G. Smette: Particularly with regard to acreage, that's when we picked up the Cline Shale acreage, a lot of the Mississippian acreage and so that's what you saw the impact of.
Darryl G. Smette: Well, we, obviously, need to see results first. And so it's somewhat speculative to -- at this point, to go too far out. But you can see, when you put together an acreage position of 650,000 acres like we have on this, we have anticipated a fairly aggressive ramp-up, if the results continue to perform as we expect and as we've seen. So I would see that -- I'm not going to give you an exact number here but -- because the economics are potentially very strong, you can anticipate a pretty strong ramp-up of rigs as we move into 2013. And of course, we'll be discussing that with our new partners, and they're -- Sumitomo, and they're anticipating this as well.
Darryl G. Smette: Well, about -- they're improvement costs but not a significant reduction in costs, relative in the overall well cost going to slick water. We can't say for certain how much improvement there will be going to slick water, but we have certainly seen in the Wolfcamp Shale that the -- going to slick water is a cleaner frac and we've seen much better results in the Wolfcamp Shale and operators have gone to slick water, primarily in the Wolfcamp Shale. We think the Cline is very similar and we know that some other operators also have recently moved to slick waters there also and it appears they're getting better results. So we need to actually complete the well to know for sure. But we're very optimistic that, based on all the other results we've seen in that area, we're going to see a pretty significant improvement. And again, we've just drilled one well on 650,000 acres, so far. So it's so early on. We're just very confident that we're going to be in a range based on the other wells that we've seen drilled in the area. And we are going to be moving some of the rigs off to the northeast to test some of that acreage as well later this year. So as I said, we're going to be moving the rigs around the acreage to get a good handle on what the overall prospectivity of various parts of the acreage position are.
David A. Hager: Scott, end of the day, I might just add, this is an area though where thousands of wells have been drilled historically by the industry. So there is, as far as, ongoing ability to drill and complete wells, there is an infrastructure that works for that. What Darryl was addressing earlier is, obviously, accurate from the midstream facility side.
David A. Hager: Okay, thank you. That probably has a little bit of an impact, but not a lot of impact, I don't think. Our view is that there's probably somewhere around 200 million to maybe 300 million of additional volume, primarily in the Mid-Continent, as a result of ethane being rejected. And as you very well know, ethane prices in Conway have been down to $0.02, $0.03 a gallon. So there has been some rejection there. But the overall impact, while there is some, I think, that's very, very minor based on what we can tell.
David A. Hager: Well, we're committed to economics. And we were committed to really drilling wells that are going to meet our economic thresholds. And the first 2 were disappointing, but it was on the far northwestern part of our acreage. We do see some -- because we are essentially very near the original well where we took a core in, that appeared to have good thermal maturity and good permeability, we are somewhat more optimistic in this well than we were the previous 2 wells. But even more so, as we move to the east with our additional drilling activity that we're going to be doing throughout the rest of the year, probably drill about 5 more wells for the rest of the year. We're going to be moving more where the rest of the industry activity is. And so that part of the acreage is probably even more prospective.
John Richels: From a midstream perspective. Yes, that's what he's answering. But we are testing a good portion of our acreage to just get an idea of the prospectivity of various parts of our acreage.
John Richels: Well, we have drilled a number of wells on the Sinopec acreage. We're now moving the rigs, for the current time, up to the new acreage and that's where our rigs are located presently and we'll probably continue to evaluate both of those areas throughout the rest of the year.
John Richels: Right now, we have all 7 rigs working in our own acreage and none in the JV acreage. We do anticipate we will be moving back into the JV acreage later this year, though. And I can't give you an exact count. We're continuing to still ramp up our activities and we -- but we're going to have significantly more rigs working by the end of the year than we have working now. But Scott, I think it would be a little speculative to go exactly how many rigs and exactly where they'd be located. But I think that you'll see, for the rest of the year, that we will have some rigs working in both those areas, with an increased rig count.
John Richels: In areas where we're still looking at prospective acreage acquisitions, we generally decline to get real specific.
John Richels: I know you know this, but I will just remind you, as Dave pointed out, that from a reporting point of view, we acquired this additional acreage. We brought in more than 100% of a lot of this acreage and that doesn't get netted out from a reporting perspective. So that skews the capital numbers a little bit because you don't see what the money that we're taking in on the other side.
John Richels: Yes, gross well costs that we're using in the Wolfcamp Shale, we see on the order of around $6 million or so -- $6.5 million or so, in the Midland Basin so far. And very similar well cost that we've seen out in the Cline as well.
John Richels: Brian, let me take a shot at that. Obviously, we're early going into our 2013 planning so we haven't kind of crystallized all of that. We are in the position that we can take some of those proceeds that we got from our offshore and reinvest them into onshore project. All things being equal, though, as Dave has already said, we're reducing our rig count in places like the Barnett and Cana, and moving them more into these light oil places because of the economics. But I do want to make the point that, in the liquids-rich portions of the Cana and the Barnett, we still get some pretty darn good returns. When you're looking forward from this point, doesn't really matter what gas prices are for '12 anymore. We're really looking at 2013 prices for all of our capital activities. And if you take a $3.75 Henry Hub price next year, which I think is pretty close to what Wall Street is using and very close to the Strip as well so we're all in the same ballpark. Once you take into consideration our midstream uplift, and even at a 31% NGL realization, we're seeing a low-20s rate of return in the Barnett and an almost 30% rate of return in the Cana. So there are portions of those 2 plays that still make a lot of sense to the point that we can -- if we're going to focus in those best areas, we're going to move some of those rigs on to some of these new oil plays where we really have a whole lot of expectation and potential for the future. And the other question, living within cash flow, again, over the last couple of years, we have taken some of those proceeds from the offshore and have reinvested them in rebuilding or changing -- adding significantly to our light oil potential in the company. We've done a lot of that and my guess is we're -- while we have the capacity to do it, with some uncertainty on the commodities pricing side, we'll just have to be careful as we go into next year to make that final determination of how much we're going to spend. I think that it's kind of early, but my guess is, we'll be trending towards our cash flow.
John Richels: Well, I think not to the extent we have, but we still have that capacity if we want to. I mean, we've added a lot and, as I was saying earlier, when you got a million net acres and a couple of highly perspective oil plays, we've got a lot of running room on those plays already, so we're pretty happy with what we've put together to this point in time.
John Richels: And then, Brian, and the other thing is a couple of these plays, like that one and that portion of the play, we always said this was highly exploration in nature because there wasn't a lot of experience by the industry. And it's one of the reasons why we got in there and acquired our acreage for a few hundred dollars an acre rather than thousands an acre. So this is something that -- as Dave has correctly pointed out, we're going to be driven by economics on this thing, not by desire to hold acreage if it's not making sense in any portion of any play.
John Richels: Well, those 2 wells were not encouraging in that immediate area. And it's exploration, you always have to drill more wells and as each one you drill, you may learn some more things that could or could not make the acreage there work. But the first 2 wells were not encouraging, so we just -- we need to get more well results in and perhaps with additional well results will give us a reason to go back there. But we're not focused in that area right now.
John Richels: Just an update, Bob, on the offshore cash. We have all but a few hundred million dollars of the $7 billion, is sitting offshore at this point in time. And so that hasn't really changed a whole lot since we talked to you before. As far as looking internationally, we're never close-minded about it but we have just repositioned the company to take advantage of our expertise and our portfolio in North America, and we've got an awful lot of really exciting opportunities ahead of us. And with the things that we've added recently, I think we really want to get more into that and really understand the potential and develop this big asset-base that we've got here before we start thinking of those other things. But you know us, we're never close-minded about anything. But right now, I have to tell you we're not looking internationally because we really have a whole lot on our plate here that we think is going to provide us a lot of drilling opportunities for a long time.
John Richels: David, as Dave said earlier, we're doing -- we've done a fair bit of exploration work here over the last little while. I think we're still evaluating our position in Canada. We've got some -- we've had some optimistic results, I think, on some of the acreage and we're just not ready to make a call like that at this point in time.
