Scott Coody: Thank you and good morning. I hope everyone has had the chance to review our fourth quarter and full-year 2016 financial and operational disclosures that were released last night. This data package includes: Our earnings release, forward-looking guidance, and our detailed operations report. Also, on the call today are: Dave Hager, President and CEO; Tony Vaughn, Chief Operating Officer; Tom Mitchell, Chief Financial Officer; and a few other members of our senior management team. I would like to remind you that comments and answers to our questions on this call today will contain plans, forecasts, expectations, and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. Securities Law. These comments and answers are subject to a number of assumptions, risks, and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially. For a review of risk factors related to these statements, please see our Form 10-K. And, with that, I'll turn the call over to Dave.
Scott Coody: Thanks, Dave. We will now open the call to Q&A. Please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. If you have further questions, you can re-prompt as time permits. With that, operator, we'll take our first question.
Scott Coody: Hey, Ryan, this is Scott. And, last quarter, we did roll out our first extended-reach type-curve for what we considered the overpressured oil window within the STACK and the EURs on that are approaching 2 million barrels per well on an equivalent basis. And depending upon the strength of the casing, whether it's two or three, the cost of the – D&C cost can range from $7.5 million to $9 million. And from an IP rate perspective, these are pretty prolific wells as well; it's well north of 2,000 barrels equivalent per day on a 30-day rate. So that's our initial type curve. And I think Tony can talk about maybe what we're seeing at the early results on that and how it's trending.
Scott Coody: Hey. And Paul, real quick. This is Scott. Just to add on a little bit at the end of that, just to provide a percentage, about three-quarters of our activity is going to be development drilling. And that's one of the reasons why we're so confident with our production outlook with the Delaware Basin. If you look in our operations report, you're going to see greater than 20% growth from Q4 to Q4 on a 2017 to 2016 basis. And obviously, we expect to stabilize production in the first quarter. And even more important, I think, is just how excited we are about the momentum that carries into 2018. So this is absolutely going to be a strong growth asset with some of the best returns in North America.
Scott Coody: Yeah. Scott, this is Scott. With regards to the inventory, probably two-thirds is going to be in the basin, which we consider is superior returns to the slope. And as far as the acreage, you're probably looking 55% of our acreage from a surface perspective is going to be located in the basin as well. So we're certainly levered to the basin.
Scott Coody: And, Biju, your question, you broke up a little bit. Your question is what landing zones for the Bone Spring in those particular wells? And I will hand it over to Tony. But essentially those are in two very different areas than where we've drilled historically. It was the Thistle area, obviously was one of those areas where we drilled the Bone Spring and I believe it's the Todd area is where we drilled our other Bone Spring. And, Tony, feel free to jump in, but obviously I believe it's a second Bone Spring is what the Todd area would be targeting. And when you think about the Thistle, that might be a more shallow member of the Bone Spring.
Scott Coody: But, Biju, just to provide a more global thought when you think about our overarching inventory and the play for the Bone Spring, we have inventory across the first, second and third members of the Bone Springs. So – and it just depends on where you're at within the basin. It can be very localized. But certainly, we're more heavily levered towards that second Bone Spring opportunity, which we believe delivers the best returns.
Scott Coody: And, Biju, just one thing to add on with that and it's really kind – we've been asked a lot about the upside with the STACK play. And one of the – one example that's lost on a lot of people but not you would be that with that – with the offsetting well actually not showing degradation, and a lot of that comes down to landing zone. We're still optimizing landing zones in this early-stage play. So as we continue to better understand landing zones and we extend these laterals out further, that's where we expect well productivity and capital efficiency to continue to ratchet up in this play.
Scott Coody: Well, I'm showing that we're at the top of the hour, and there're still a lot of people left in our queue. So we apologize for everyone that we're not getting to and – but, please don't hesitate to reach out to the Investor Relations team at any point which consist of myself and Chris Carr, and have a good day. And we do appreciate your interest in Devon. Thank you.
David A. Hager: Well, we obviously are working our way through the appraisal of a number of different zones, as you highlight, both in the STACK play and the Delaware Basin. And the results so far have been very, very encouraging that we've seen with not only the number of zones that are working in both of these plays as well as the potential or down spacing in both of these plays. So we think we have the – we're positioned in a couple of the best basins in onshore North America, and we have some of the best position in those best basins. So we feel really good about that. We do want to further our understanding before we make any strategic decisions such as that. We're also working some of these other areas that may be consideration and we're improving the results in those areas at the same time. We're going to have – for instance in the Barnett, we're going to have a refrac program that is at a substantially lower cost than we've done previously that could really be a game-changer in terms of the returns on that program. We're also going to drill some new wells with modern drilling and completion technology that hasn't been done for several years. So we want to see all of this work come together as far as finalizing or getting more data as far as how big our inventory really is in these top-tier resource plays and in doing some work in some of these other plays to really understand the full potential of these plays before making any sort of strategic decision. Now, I'll say, if you go back over the past few years, we haven't been – if you look at us as a company, we haven't been hesitant to make the right decision at the right time as far as optimizing our portfolio. We think it's really important to, if we ever do make a decision this way, that we have the best information available when we do that.
David A. Hager: All right. Doug, thanks for the question. In summary, we see tremendous potential for that continuing to increase through time. Right now we average six wells per section across the entire position in that number. As we – and it is a much higher number, probably around 13 wells per production, and obviously, the average six is much lower outside the core and we've essentially put none of the locations we've counted within the liquids-rich part of the window, where we are participating along with some of our peer companies and the drilling activity there as well. So we see that there is tremendous upside to this as we further appraise the entire area. So we're just getting started.
David A. Hager: Well, again, we are looking to further quantify just how rich our inventory is. We know it's rich, but we would like to get more information on the spacing in the various intervals that we're testing both in the STACK play and the Delaware Basin. Also, and just how many of these different intervals are working. So we would like to further detail that to know for sure. It has certainly been true historically that the slope in the Delaware Basin does not appear to compete as well. Although I will note there've been some pretty big purchases their recently by some other companies. But I think historically it has not competed as well. And the Barnett, although you can get returns well above the cost of capital, have not competed in our portfolio. But again, we are currently testing some innovations in the refrac technology side to significantly lower that cost, and we're trying some new wells out there with modern drilling and completion. So we would like to understand that potential before, both in terms of just how deep our inventory is, and also what is the real upside better from these other plays before we make a final decision. We understand the question very well. It's not lost on us. We understand, and like I say, we have not hesitated historically when the time is right to make these strategic decisions. But that's what we're working through before we make a decision.
David A. Hager: Yeah, Ryan, I think that's what our technical teams do every day. I think they're looking for opportunities to core up either through small-scale land acquisitions or trades and also, looking to work with other operators there. We've got a great relationship with the other primary operators in STACK trying to maximize the efficiency of each of our operations, and so that's working quite well. And I think the positions are largely made between the large operators. So there is potential for that to continually inch its way up.
David A. Hager: When we were out a few months ago talking about that, we said we expected high-single digit inflation across all aspects of the business. We have revised that upwards a little bit now, we're saying now in the 10% to 15% across all aspects of the business. And so if you look at our – and we have accounted for that in the capital guidance that we provided to you. We were originally talking about a capital program around $2 billion, a couple, three months ago. It's been now at a $2 billion to $2.3 billion. We probably upped the midpoint about $150 million of that. About $100 million of that is due to just moving up the timing of some rig activity, particularly in the Delaware Basin. And about the other $50 million or so is due to additional cost inflation. Now at the same time, we think we can largely mitigate about 75% of this cost inflation that we anticipate to see this year. And you're seeing examples of us across our portfolio where we're lowering the drill times associated with these wells. Our 24/7 365 drilling control room is really helping out a great deal with the efficiency, and nearly 100% in zone on these wells. So yes, it does appear the inflation has picked up somewhat from a few months ago, but we think we can largely offset that.
David A. Hager: Well – hi, Arun. This is Dave. First off, from a corporate standpoint, given the strength of our balance sheet and our financial strength, we are comfortable right now spending approximately at cash flow in any given year. We want to stay a strong investment-grade credit company. And we believe with our net debt position at this point that the spending within cash flow is approximately where we should be. Now, we recognize, depending on whose price deck you use that there may be the potential to – that we may have a little bit of free cash flow this year. I think frankly, there probably you would have to subtract off the dividend off the numbers in our book there, and then you'd probably see we're really at cash flow neutral. But if there is the potential where we have a little bit stronger cash flow than we anticipate, we certainly have the program and we are very confident we can deliver on good returns on that program for a little bit higher capital spend. So that we are not doing – not announcing we're doing that, obviously, right now but that potential is there. We have some of the highest, best positions in onshore North America, and we have focused on delivering outstanding returns on that. And we could ratchet up to some degree our capital spending and be confident that we could maintain those returns. As far as the 2017 – or excuse me – the 2018 capital program, basically, what we're – we're not going to give you specific numbers there, but do feel comfortable stating that we're roughly planning to once again spend within cash flow and deliver on our growth targets that we've outlined there.
David A. Hager: Another thing to keep in mind on that, the 2018 capital spend really has a bigger impact on 2019 production than it does 2018 production. Really, the bulk of the 2018 production given the time delay between when you spend the money and you just have first production is largely determined by the 2017 capital spend.
David A. Hager: Well, that's a decision that we will visit the second half of 2017. We are very confident that Pike is going to be like Jackfish in the sense that it's going to be a top 10% type project in the SAGD. Geologically, it looks just as good if not better than a Jackfish project. And obviously, we've have shown the ability to execute on the construction side at Jackfish as well as anybody and we have the graphs in our operations report that just show the efficiency with which we're able to manage that production too in terms of steam-oil-ratios and it also goes back as well to just the quality of other reservoir. So we like the project a great deal. Now, obviously, the question is not what prices are going to be in 2017, but what we anticipate prices will be when first production happens, which would probably be around 2021 or so. And so we are hoping to get some greater clarity on that question. There are other variables that, obviously, factor into it beyond price and also just the capital costs. We do not necessarily see the proposed border adjustment tax as a negative to Canadian prices. We do see where it could be a positive overall for our portfolio and that the bulk of our oil is in the U.S. and we think it would cause WTI prices to go up. It may cause the differentials to increase a little bit, but not necessarily lower the prices coming out of Canada, because that heavy oil is needed by the refineries here in the U.S. That's what they're tooled to handle. And with the decrease in Mayan crude, particularly too, we think that the draw on Canadian crude will still be there largely. So we don't see that as a negative on our Canadian operations at all. You might even benefit from a positive FX as well, impact to it. So we'll visit that question in the second half of the year. We like the project a lot but, obviously, it does take a – it's a little bit lower return in our well-oriented programs here in the U.S., but the way I'd like to describe is more the bond in our portfolio. It's a lower risk. We know how do it and generate good returns with it. So we'll make a call along with our partner, BP, later on in the year on this.
David A. Hager: Tony is dying to tell you about it, Charles. That's why we call our Maveda (32:25) area down there. And so, I'm going to let Tony talk about it a while.
David A. Hager: Paul, I'm not sure exactly where you're going with that, but what I would say is that we obviously are driven by returns in all of our capital allocation decisions. And those returns are largely driven by the – what the anticipated prices are for both oil and natural gas. Given right now the relative strength of oil compared to natural gas, that does mean that the bulk of our capital program is going to those plays that have a higher proportion of oil versus our dry gas type opportunities. We still have some of those in the portfolio, and the Barnett would be the big one and some areas even in a deeper part of Cana for instance, that we're – not have a lot of activity going. So that will drive our capital allocation decisions; they were just our belief in what the relative strength of the commodities will be. And obviously, that not only does it from our capital allocation, but we take that into account when we are making strategic decisions as to where we think the portfolio should be positioned.
David A. Hager: Well, we're spending money there not to maintain production. We are 100% dedicated to putting our capital where we believe the highest returns are. In the case of the Barnett – and Tony can detail it, we are spending a little bit of capital there this year, not a large amount because we are investigating the – how well a new re-frac design, which may be around $700,000 versus previously is around $1 million to $1.2 million cost to re-frac those wells – how well that is going to work. And if that is successful, it could have returns that are very competitive within our portfolio. There is also the potential that with a modern drilling and completion design that you could also have returns that are competitive within our portfolio. Remember, we haven't had an active drilling program there for several years and there has been tremendous advancements on both the drilling and completion side since then. So we aren't putting a lot of capital into that, but the only reason we are is because we believe that that could lead to a program that could be competitive within our portfolio or anybody else's portfolio if we choose to make a strategic decision around that.
David A. Hager: Well, I'm not going to announce anything today, so I'm not sure I can really answer that question fully. But I would say we're working both sides to really understand what the potential is in a more complete manner in our core plays both in the STACK and the Delaware Basin, as well as trying to make sure we understand the true value of other assets that may be considered for monetization. You never have complete knowledge. We understand that. There is not a set point in time where you fully understand, and you would make this call. But it's our judgment right now that we would like to learn more rather than make that decision today. But again, it's not lost on us that there is at some point that call will have to be made, one way or the other. And we certainly, as I keep saying it, have not shown any reluctance to do that historically when we think the time is right to do that. We fully understand the values that are being paid in the Delaware Basin. We understand all the variables. I don't need to iterate or lay them all out on the table here I don't think. But we just feel that it would be helpful to have some increased knowledge at this point of the continued appraisal in both the STACK and the Delaware Basin before we make that final call.
David A. Hager: I would say it has probably, on balance, probably the more likely scenario, that we would go that direction, yes, I would agree with that.
David A. Hager: I believe the questions, David, were not around the sale of any of our core assets, the core of the Delaware Basin or the core of the STACK or anything but were...
David A. Hager: But certainly, there is no consideration on our point of selling any of the core assets in our portfolio. We're glad we have them and we think we're some of the best, and we're going to execute on them incredibly well.
Tony D. Vaughn: Evan, we've got – I think we've commented before but we have about 80,000 acres outside the core of our footprint in STACK. You probably have read some of the competitors are testing for the Osage and the Meramec and we're continuing to work some prospectivity in those areas, trying to gain an understanding of really where the play moves.
Tony D. Vaughn: We're engaged in some operations right now, both on the drilling and the completions side of it. So it'd probably be the second half of 2017 before we have a better understanding about our thoughts there.
Tony D. Vaughn: Yeah. Thanks. Scott did a good job of characterizing the type-curve there for the 10,000-foot wells. And the producing history that we've had on those is really exhibiting better performance over time than even the 5,000-foot laterals. So there is additional upside in our type-curve, I believe. We need more information to look at that, but we're quite pleased with the 10,000-foot wells over the 5000-foot wells and we'll certainly try to maximize every opportunity we can to drill those 10,000 footers.
Tony D. Vaughn: Charles, you're right. There is a lot of A&D work down there. A lot of extremely high price per acre transactions have occurred. We've watched that. We've also spent a good bit of a subsurface evaluation time on our position looking at the results from our competitors there. So we think we're in the right country for good return work. We've got activity planned for the latter part of 2017. And again, as we manage our investment in the Delaware Basin, we've tried to highlight the primary areas that we'll be working there in our operating reports. So while we'll be drilling about 100 wells, the majority of those will be in those four areas there in southeastern Mexico. But we are working on some appraisal-type work in the Maveda (33:23) area and certainly watching a lot of activity around us that are helping us de-risk that. So it's a good play, as you mentioned, and something we'll incorporate into our development plans.
Tony D. Vaughn: Charles, thanks for the question. And it's probably about three years ago, we made a large commitment internally to be more fact-based and data-driven in our day-to-day work. We spent quite a bit of time in that, we brought in and incorporated some people from outside the industry to help us get through that work. So collectively, it's been a big effort. So as we've taken the information or that data collection and we talk about all the different types of subsurface data that we're acquiring, also that has been included in our surface work. So we stood up some decision-support centers was the first thing that we did, just monitoring all of our producing assets from around the company. Minimizing downtime, trying to maximize the production rate from that, but it really has greatly expanded from that. So while we're acquiring a lot of this information, we've found ways now to get that information in the hands of our technical teams, more real-time than we have in the past. And so the data reporting has elevated us to a new level here internally. We're incorporating that into all phases of our business. And some different areas that we're working on it, as you mentioned, was on a artificial lift reliability. So now we're watching daily information – more than daily information on all of our submersible pumps and gas lift injection rates across the company and are able to better predict the reliability of those pumps. We're able to better schedule maintenance on those pumps so we have limited downtime. We're also incorporating this data into our well flow-back type work. We're able to monitor our rates and pressures and really get the wells off of the well flow back environment quicker. That happens to save about $50,000 per well. We've incorporated this data into our coal-tipping drill outs and the completion phase of our work. And so while we're seeing this pressure and rate information on that portion of our business, it's also accelerating our coal-tipping drill outs to the point of saving about $100,000 per well. And then we're also incorporating this into our drilling business now, so we're using it to help geosteer wells and position our drill bit and using that data really to do it in a quicker, more efficient manner than we can, with just standing up additional personnel to watch that on a day-by-day basis. So Charles, we've talked to you a little bit about the WellCon center in the past and at one time, we probably had 30 to 40 people working in that WellCon, and now it's under 10 people still managing the same type of work, perhaps looking at more information than we have in the past and making real-time decisions. It's really just causing things like our Delaware Basin wells we're getting from spud to TD in about 10 days now. And probably about a year ago at the time that we were more active there, that was about 17 or 18 days. So this is just a way that has tuned up our business in small increments across the company.
Tony D. Vaughn: Paul, it's really not in the exploration nor the appraisal. We're doing a little bit of appraisal work across our position, but for the most part, we're moving into developments in 2017. And so you will see on the operating report on the Delaware section there, the four core areas that we're working. We've already got three rigs stood up right now working the Thistle area. That's going to be predominantly a Leonard Shale development. We've announced in December that we had a couple of good wells stacked on top of each other in the B and the C, and we've seen industry work in the A. So we think we have a very hearty development plan there for the Thistle area. And Cotton Draw has been an area that we've had a – the majority of our historic second Bone Spring work. And again, we'll have rigs working there through the year, developing additional Bone Springs, Delaware, Leonard and some Wolfcamp-type activity. And in the Rattlesnake in the southeastern portion of our position there, we'll actually be standing up work there in the second half of the year, prosecuting the Leonard Shale but primarily the Wolfcamp. And we've seen some really outstanding results from some operators adjacent to our footprint there in Rattlesnake that have had some stellar wells. So we're really trying to move our Delaware and STACK into the development mode as quick as we can. We continue to do some amount of appraisal work year-in year-out just to prepare for the next year's developments.
Tony D. Vaughn: Matt, this is Tony again. And just let me start a little bit with the work that we're doing on the Hobson Row and then I'll move into that Jacobs Row there. But we're about halfway through that five-section position that we have in the Hobson Row. And Dave's opening comments, he commented the results we're having there are outstanding and we're on track with that development. What's unique about the Hobson Row, the reason why I wanted to bring this up is that if you start – as you start on the west side of that five-section footprint there, you've got fairly leaner fluid type that we're producing, but as you move through the – quickly move into the heart of those five sections, we have a higher oil content there. And so we've commented that we're seeing 25%-plus oil content. As you move to the far eastern side of that footprint, we expect it to be even higher there. So while we don't have everything completely delineated on the Jacobs Row, I think it's going to be in that higher oily mix, at least to 25% going forward. When we think about the timing of bringing in rigs for the Jacobs Row, we're in the midst of our plans right now. We think that will be the second half of 2017. You can see there that it's a larger development in the Hobson Row. We're going to incorporate the number of rigs and frac crews to timely get through that so we're maximizing the present value of that operation.
Tony D. Vaughn: Matt, I'd tell you, I've got to complement our operating team in Canada right now. They are extremely efficient, they have de-bottlenecked J1, J2 and J3 to the point we're seeing daily production rates, 10,000 barrels, 12,000 barrels per day above nameplate capacity. And that's a function of de-bottlenecking on the surface, but it's also – it's a function of their clear understanding of how to optimize steam injection into that high quality rock. So we're rocking along at a pretty high rate in our minds. We've got some fairly new pads that have been brought on in the latter part of 2016 that has really helped move that production rate up. We're starting to work on another pad that will have some rate benefit in early 2018. But they're doing an excellent job on the Jackfish operating of those plants there. As you think about Pike going forward, it's really a fairly minor capital draw on the company. As you think about that, we're 50/50 with BP. We staggered the capital profile out so, just to give you order of magnitude, if we were to sanction later this year, in 2018, that draw would be about $50 million net and would go to about $150 million for the next couple of years. Dave mentioned, we'll get the first team about 2021. So in the grand scheme of things, it's really about 5% of the company capital as you look out in time. So it's really not that significant.
Tony D. Vaughn: Yeah, the Thistle is going to be really dominated by the Leonard development there, but we do have about half a dozen wells in the second Bone that's going to be drilled, but in the Todd area that's going to be largely dominated by the second Bone Springs, a little bit of Leonard and Wolfcamp activity there. We also know that we had the Upper Bone Springs second Bone Spring's member available to us in Cotton Draw and the Todd area that we'll be incorporating into our developments.
Tony D. Vaughn: Biju, we were actually happy with the results out of the Pump House pilot. I think that was helpful for us to understand the lateral spacing that we had there. But the Alma was also – was helpful in understanding what it was. We just – we didn't see the communication between the five-well pilot that we pumped in the Alma, and so we've been pleased with the work that we're seeing in both of those. I'd say the repeatability across our footprint there, primarily in the core of the play, has been extremely high. We're continuing to see better performance in the optimization. In fact, if you looked at some of our year-end reserve work, we're able to add a substantial amount of general revisions due to increased performance from a lot of these new STACK plays in comparison to the original type curves. So we've been pleased with all the pilots. They've been very informative to us. We haven't seen a real train wreck out there and we think the play, at least in the area that the industry has been working, is very repeatable.
Tony D. Vaughn: Yeah, I think we'll be happy to, David. I tell you when you look at the results we're seeing, it's extremely early. The results have been above type curve and their wells are cleaning up. But if you remember, we're about – we're probably about halfway through on a real-time basis on these – on the completion of these wells. And so the flow-back is pretty early.
Paul Sankey: Good morning, all. In terms of all your various choices, could you talk a little bit at a high level about the marginal decision between natural gas and oil? It just seems that the prices are so far apart of the two commodities. But I'd like to know more about your sort of thinking in terms of what kind of returns you need? What kind of risk you put on either kind of activity? Thank you.
Paul Sankey: Yeah, I mean, I guess it's a fairly simple question but it was really the Barnett that I was thinking of and how come there would be any kind of investment? I mean, how good do the returns have to be given the price discrepancy between the two commodities? And is it sort of a maintenance activity with distributor CapEx going there, or is there genuine – I mean you said that you pursue return, so I just wondered quite how you could get there. It must be...
Paul Sankey: Yeah, I think that's what I was driving at. It's just interesting that there's any kind of activity there. And I guess it's a bit bearish for natural gas that there is. Just the second question would be on the Delaware. Can you talk more about the nature of your activity there? Is it primarily an appraisal-type activity or is it in the exploration realm? Thanks.
David Martin Heikkinen: So your above the type curve. And so can you – what would be great, I guess as you get into second quarter and third quarter is to overlay the actuals because it looks like that would track above that forecast, just given your bullet number two in that section about the request.
David Martin Heikkinen: Yeah. No, that's cool. And then, Dave, maybe – I'm a little confused around some of the questions on the call of selling parts of your core assets in the Delaware or the monetization as you're in kind of the early phase of appraisal. I guess I'd assume that you guys are still in the mode of delineating and trying to determine what your potential is and that a sale of any of those assets would be not even a consideration yet. And so did I miss something in kind of where investor expectations were, because it's kind of confusing (58:49) that direction.
David Martin Heikkinen: Yeah, I guess it was just the high-value acreage that may be on the slope and there's been transactions around it. So it is a little more fringy versus on a big block, of course. So maybe that was my confusion. Thanks for clearing that up.
