Vincent White: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Devon's second quarter 2011 earnings call and webcast. As usual, I'll begin today's call with a few preliminary items and then turn the call over to our President and CEO, John Richels for his perspective. Following John's remarks, Dave Hager, our Executive Vice President of Exploration and Production will provide the operations update and then Jeff Agosta, our Chief Financial Officer will finish up with a review of our financial results. We'll conclude with a Q&A period and we'll hold the call to about an hour. A replay will be available later today through a link on our homepage, that's devonenergy.com. During the call today, we're going to provide some minor updates to our 2011 forecast based on the actual results for the first half of the year and our outlook for the remainder of the year. In addition to the updates that we're going to give in today's call, we'll file an 8-K later today as is our usual practice that will provide details of our updated 2011 estimates. These updates can be accessed using the Guidance link on the Investor Relations section of Devon's website. Please note that all references in today's call to our plans, forecasts, expectations, estimates and so on are considered forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. And while we strive to give you the very best estimates possible, many factors could cause our actual results to differ from our estimates. We'd encourage you to review the discussion of risk factors and uncertainties provided in the Form 8-K that we are filing today. Also on today's call, we will refer to certain non-GAAP performance measures. When we do that, we are required to provide certain related disclosures and those disclosures are also available on the Devon website.  With those items out of the way, I'll turn the call over to President and CEO, John Richels.
Vincent White: On this session today, we have, not just the speakers, but our Executive Chairman, Larry Nichols is with us and as usual we'll ask each participant to limit his or her questions to one initial inquiry and one follow-up. Operator, we're ready for the first question.
Vincent White: Mark, this is Vince. I'll give you a couple of observations. About 22% of the BTUs coming out of the Barnett right now are liquids. We are focusing our activity on the liquids-rich portions of the play. So if the relative economics continue to favor the liquids-rich portion, we would expect the percentage of our BTUs in the Barnett that are liquids to go up. Following the de-risking of the Cana, if the current -- the market conditions are similar to what they are now, that highly favor liquids-rich drilling over dry portions, then we would expect to increase the liquids yield, as a percentage of the total BTU stream out of the Cana just like in the Barnett.
Vincent White: Okay, it's the top of the hour. We'd like to thank everybody for participating in today's call and remind you that the Investor Relations staff will be around for the remainder of the day for any follow-up or for those that we didn't have a chance to get to in the question queue. Thanks for your participation.
John Richels: Well, Doug, I mean, certainly, with our financial position where it is, we've got the ability to pursue a lot of opportunities. I think what we'll have to do is we're really excited about these new opportunities that we're pursuing. We'll have to see when we have more data, how they stack up one against another. Over a longer period of time having -- that's a high-class problem to have, or a high-grade problem to have, if we have that many opportunities, but we'll just have to see exactly what the economics look like. We are, as you mentioned, we're getting great economics and greater returns out of our Barnett Shale program. Even at $4.50 gas this year, that play is going to cash flow somewhere at $1.8 billion on $1 billion investment of capital and we're getting great results out of Cana and some of our other development programs. We'll just have to see how they all stack up and how much we want to invest to bring the value forward on these new opportunities.
John Richels: Well, I don't want to get too much into the specific analysis of it. But I can say, obviously, that we have a lot of experience in looking at a lot of shale plays throughout the U.S. and we understand what we need, in terms of what type of permeability is necessarily, especially in light of the fact that we are primarily in the oil window and it is a normally pressured oil window. It's not overpressured. So, obviously, you need a little bit higher perm in order to move the oil through, but I think we understand that and we know where the permeability is and we're encouraged. And the ultimate test, obviously, is to drill some horizontal wells out there and we don't have any horizontal wells, but we think we have a pretty good understanding from our vast numbers of horizontal wells we drilled throughout the North America that we understand the relationship pretty well and we're optimistic.
John Richels: We are currently running 19 rigs in the Permian and I can break those net rig count down for you in a little bit more detail. We have 5 rigs -- I think, I pretty well did it in the prepared remarks, but there are 5 in the Bone Springs, 5 in the Wolfberry, 3 in the Delaware horizontal program, 2 in the Avalon, 2 in the new Wolfcamp Shale play that I described in the Southern Midland Basin where we've assembled 65,000 acres and a couple of others that are drilling conventional oil plays within the basin. We see that program staying pretty flat going into next year, but we're very excited with the results that we have achieved with that. We'll have to see -- if we do have continued success, we might move the rig count up a little bit or limit it a little bit by the infrastructure availability out there and just as we need to mature the play. So it's possible, it might move up a little bit as we move into next year, I wouldn't see -- look for a doubling or anything like though of the rig count. But it's probably perhaps a small increase in the rig count moving into 2012.
John Richels: Well the first Bone Springs is also perspective -- is perspective a little bit further to the north, basically as you move from north to south, you go from the prospectivity being in the first Bone Springs to the second Bone Springs. And then once you cross the New Mexico-Texas line there then the third Bone Springs is primary perspective on the Texas side. But there is some overlap though between the first and second Bone Springs. And so yes the first Bone Springs is perspective as well on the New Mexico side. It's not -- I don't want to give you the idea that it's strictly a resource play type though. It's the first and second Bone Springs are more channel sands, so you have to make sure that you stay in the channels. And then as you move down into Texas, those channels essentially splay out and they become like a deepwater depositional system and when you go off the shelf edge and that's where you get the really high rates in the third Bone Springs, once those channels splay out on the Texas side.
John Richels: Yes, we're excited about all of them. And frankly we're excited about the fact that we have 4 million acres in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin and we have done very little exploitation of those for liquids-rich and oil-type opportunities. So we see a very large number of opportunities that could emerge from there. The 3 that we've been traditionally highlighting so far this year are the Viking light oil potential that I mentioned, where we're going to have 1,000 to 2,000 locations across our acreage, 9,000 acres in Saskatchewan. The Cardium light oil play that -- where we have drilled a some wells in the Ferrier Area. But more importantly up in the Deep Basin, we think we have at least 80,000 prospective acres for the Cardium. And then also in the Deep Basin, we're going to be start drilling this fall what we call our Vertizontal Program where we are going to be taking wells that would go actually horizontal in the deepest zone, which will be the Cardomin [ph] and then also complete simultaneously in some of the vertical zones in some of the stacked pay areas. But in addition to that, we're drilling a number of different wells and a number of different play types up there that, with success, all of which could amount -- could be significant and I've got a whole list here of ones we could go through, but it's not worth going through all the details on all of them, but there's just a large number of opportunities, but we're just at the front end of evaluating all these.
John Richels: We haven't made those plans yet, David. As we get into -- as we talked before, what we're trying -- what we're doing is -- there's always -- there's kind of a level of activity we have to have in the company, right? Which is just to maintain our organization capacity, our service sector capacity to meet our throughput commitments, our processing facility optimization, all of those things. After that, we want to be very thoughtful and dispassionate, frankly, in our views as to whether we're better off allocating funds to share buybacks or capital programs, and we want to allocate it to those areas that are going to create the best returns and the best debt adjusted share returns for our shareholders. Now as we get further through the year and we haven't obviously finalized or even come close to our 2012 capital budget, there are a lot of moving parts. And our view as to whether we ought to be buying our stock back rather than investing in our E&P programs is dependent on our stock price, on our view of commodity prices for the future, on our view of costs in the future and how that influences our per debt adjusted share metrics. So we'll have to -- we'll have to see how we -- what we do in 2012. 2011, we were really happy to be able to do a lot of each. And as Vince has mentioned before, we sold roughly 8% to 10% of the company for 23% of the enterprise value and significantly shrunk our balance sheet and that's creating some very good returns and good per-share accretion for our shareholders. So we'll just have to see, I can't give you a more definite answer than that because we're still in the early stages of determining what 2012 looks like.
John Richels: It's a little too early to say on that. I think that as you are in the DJ Niobrara, you probably have a little bit more chalk in those, which would give you greater confidence that it's going to be brittle and will frac easier, so we think that's certainly a positive. There haven't -- the activity is slowly moving north in the Powder River Basin and there have been some positive results in the Powder River Basin, but it's still a little too early to know -- just the frac-ability of the reservoir is probably the biggest risk that exists up in the Powder River Basin, and as we and others drill more, we'll learn more about that. But we think overall it will work, but that's probably the biggest risk that sits out there. It's just how much -- when you have less chalk, you have other material in the Niobrara that will allow it to frac to the degree that it does in the DJ Basin.
John Richels: Well, I'd say a common theme is that we want to get in, not so much geologically, but we want to get in -- we want to make money with these plays, is probably the most common theme, and so we get in early in these plays. We get very reasonable lease turns. We get very low -- we get low royalties. We get positions with scales so that if we have success, we can apply economies of scale and get the well cost down and we can create a lot of values. But our organization has the capability to evaluate a lot of different plays, so I don't think I'd say, I'd generalize as much on the geology as -- we're focused on making money.
David Hager: Yes, Doug, I would say that for the rest of this year, we see our rig count staying essentially flat and we're still finalizing our plans, as we look forward to 2012. So I don't want to predate our process, internal process, here too much, but probably we're going to be looking at somewhat of a flat program next year also compared to this year. And on the efficiency side, yes, we're continuing to see increased efficiencies throughout our program and we're continuing to see it in the Barnett, we're seeing it in Cana. Obviously that's part of the reason we actually had a capital increase here, we announced a few weeks ago, because we're drilling so many more wells and we're keeping the rigs for the full year, then we're getting more wells drilled than we originally anticipated. But that is the good news, and we're taking those learnings on how to do that throughout our entire program including our new ventures area.
David Hager: Yes, when -- I didn't go through that in a lot of detail, Mark. I would say that what we're finding in the Avalon, so far, is that we are seeing strong gas rates in the Avalon. We are seeing, as we move from west to east in the Avalon, that we get -- that it becomes more liquids-rich and we haven't drilled as many wells in the central and eastern part of the play as we started our program in the Western. So right now we are moving into the part of the play that is more liquids-rich in the most economic part of the play and we really need to get some completions on that part of the play before I can talk in any more specifics.
David Hager: Well, we talked about plant expansions in both those areas. And so, obviously, that gives you an idea that we have a deep inventory of liquids-rich opportunities in both those areas. In the Barnett, we probably have about 2,000 locations in the liquids-rich part of the play and we're getting outstanding economics in the liquids-rich part of the play, both in the Barnett and in Cana. And so we see -- and frankly in Cana, we have not drilled as much in the core of the Cana as we have around the core. That's the only area in the company where we have had to drill some wells in order to get it held by production. We focused part of our program on that versus infilling in the core which is very liquids-rich. So we see tremendous opportunities there also to infill the core. You've seeing how our downspacing projects have worked well, so we anticipate that we're going to have a strong liquids growth and that's part of the reason why we're expanding the plant in Cana as well.
David Hager: And Mark, we talked from time-to-time about the fact that we were not going to increase our processing capacity in those areas for a short term because we want to make sure that we efficiently allocate that capital. And the fact that we're expanding our processing capacity in both of those plays shows you where we think that liquids volumes are going here in the next while.
David Hager: Well, we see the infrastructure continue to expand throughout next year and the following year. There is particularly on the New Mexico side, there is really a lack of natural gas processing capability from the region and so you really can't ramp up the liquids-rich play significantly in the area where you're talking about the Avalon potential of New Mexico, so that is a constraint. The rest of the areas, I would not characterize really as being infrastructure constrained. I'd say it's more, it's just how quickly we can mature those plays and feel comfortable that we've properly de-risked the plays.
David Hager: Well it potentially could go higher with success, yes. And so we're committed, obviously, to balance though to stay -- to balance our opportunities against our -- stay in very strong financially also, and so we've got to put all of that together. And if we have significant success in these plays, we'd have to see, as John mentioned, just how we handle that situation, but there are a lot of options for us to bring value forward in the event that we have success in these plays through partnering relationships, et cetera. So there's a lot of different ways to solve that problem if that does occur.
