Scott Coody: Good morning and thank you to everyone for joining us on the call today. Last night, we issued an earnings release and presentation that cover our results for the second quarter and our outlook for the remainder of 2023. Throughout the call today, we will make references to the earnings presentation to support our prepared remarks and these slides can be found on our website. Also joining me on the call today are Rick Muncrief, our President and CEO; Clay Gaspar, our Chief Operating Officer; Jeff Ritenour, our Chief Financial Officer; and a few other members of our senior management team. Comments today will include plans, forecasts and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. These comments are subject to assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Please take note of the cautionary language and risk factors provided in our SEC filings and earnings materials. With that, I will turn the call over to Rick.
Scott Coody: Thanks, Rick. We will now open the call to Q&A. Please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. This allows us to get to more of your questions on the call today. With that, operator, we will take our first question.
Scott Coody: Alright. It looks like we are at the top of the hour. I appreciate everyone’s interest in Devon today. And if you have any further questions, please don’t hesitate to reach out to the Investor Relations team at any time. Have a good day everyone.
Jeff Ritenour: Thanks, Clay. I'll spend my time today covering the key drivers of our second quarter financial results and provide some insights into our outlook for the rest of the year. Beginning with production. A key driver of second quarter volumes exceeding midpoint guidance was efficiency gains that compress cycle times, leading us to capture a few more days online than planned. Looking ahead. The benefits of higher completion activity from the Delaware in the first half of the year is expected to drive volumes – oil volumes higher in the upcoming third quarter and leaves us on track to meet our volume targets for the full year as well. On the capital front, we've invested 55% of our budget year-to-date. This waiting to the first half of the year is due to higher completion activity driven by a fourth temporary frack crew in the Delaware Basin. With this temporary crew recently released, we expect a lower capital spinning profile as we head into the second half of the year and remain confident in our capital spending guidance range for the full year. Regional oil pricing once again remained strong with realizations near WTI benchmark levels in the second quarter. We're also seeing strength in the oil price curve for the second half of 2023. This positive trend is providing a meaningful impact to our returns and cash flow generation capabilities with every $1 uplift in WTI, resulting in about 100 million of additional annual cash flow for the company. Despite the strength we saw in oil pricing in the second quarter, we did experience weakness in both natural gas and NGL realizations. We do expect improved markets for gas and NGLs in the second half of the year, which should translate into better price realizations for us across the portfolio. Moving to operating expenses, our field level costs were right in line with expectations for the quarter. However, we do expect a minor uptick in per unit cost in the second half of 2023 driven by our recently executed water handling joint venture in the Delaware Basin. Our new water JV provides us significant operational flexibility to enhance scale and multiple disposal options. In addition, the JV material lowers our future midstream capital requirements in the area. Looking forward, our equity stake in the JV will provide us distributions over time, offsetting the incremental operating cost at the asset level. We could also choose to bring forward value by monetizing this asset at some point in the future.  Cutting to the bottom line, we generated $1.4 billion of operating cash flow during the quarter. Combined with the low reinvestment rates to fund our disciplined capital program, we were able to generate free cash flow for the 12th straight quarter. Furthermore, we've delivered these results across a variety of market conditions showcasing the durability of our business strategy. With this free cash flow, our top priority was the return of capital to our shareholders. A key use of our excess cash in the quarter was the funding of our fixed plus variable dividend with the board declaring a payout of $0.49 per share. This distribution will be paid at the end of September. In addition to dividends, we also see great value in our equity and continue to be active buyers of our stock. During the quarter, we repurchased an additional $200 million of stock, bringing our year-to-date total to approximately $750 million. With the authorization we have in place, we remain on pace to repurchase approximately 9% of our outstanding shares by the end of next year. These opportunistic buybacks are a critically important tool for us to compound per share growth for investors over time. And to round out my prepared remarks this morning, I’d like to give a brief update on our investment-grade financial position. We exited the quarter with $3.5 billion of liquidity and a low net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 0.7x. This leverage resides well below our mid-cycle leverage target of 1x or less. Subsequent to quarter end, we took the next step in improving our financial position by retiring $242 million of debt at maturity. With a strong cash flow our business is generating, we will have additional opportunities to pare down our debt and maturities coming due in 2024 and 2025 as well. With that, I’ll now turn the call back to Rick for some closing comments.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, Neil, this is Jeff. Happy to do that. Yes, we’re excited about the flexibility and the scale that, that’s going to bring to our water handling in the basin we’re going to have multiple disposal options as opposed to what we had before. It does bring a little higher operating cost at the asset level. But as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, with the equity stake that we’ve got in the joint venture, we will be receiving distributions on a go-forward basis, which is going to more than offset that additional LOE costs that we’re going to see. So – and as I also mentioned in the prepared remarks, we also think it provides us a great opportunity with that equity position to monetize the asset at some point in the future. So really excited about the flexibility it gives to us operationally. As Clay will attest, there is certainly a fair amount of water we got to move out in the Delaware Basin. So this additional flexibility and scale, we think, is going to be a real positive for us. I’ll also add, it certainly helps us on the capital efficiency front because it helps us to eliminate a pretty material amount of capital that we otherwise would have had to spend on water infrastructure as you look out over the next couple of years.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, Arun, this is Jeff. Yes, I appreciate the question. As Clay mentioned earlier, there, particularly in the Williston, where you’ve got some gas is obviously not the lion’s share of the production mix. But can be a real challenge, obviously, to move the gas up there given the infrastructure and the constraints that we have. I would tell you, when you look at those realizations in particular in the – excuse me, the Williston, you’re going to see some wild volatility just given the deducts that we have from a realization standpoint. And so it’s not a – it’s not going to be as clean and consistent as you would usually see in some of our other basins. I’d also point out, as you’re well aware, it’s pretty immaterial in the grand scheme of things, given the margins that we see from the oil barrels there.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. I appreciate the question. I think going forward, you are going to see our – as our framework has been pretty consistent from day one, as Rick mentioned in his opening remarks, you shouldn’t expect a material change in that approach. We are going to be pretty balanced. As you saw this year-to-date, between the variable dividend and the stock buyback, it’s been about 50-50, which to me is a great example of how well our framework is working last year when you had much higher prices and significant free cash flow generation. We leaned in on the variable dividends. And this year, when you have seen that pull back, you have seen much more balance from us with the stock buybacks as well. Going forward, where we are from a cash balance and a framework standpoint, as we generate excess free cash flow here in the back half of the year given the lower capital spend we expect, and the higher oil prices that we are projecting in the back half of this year, we should generate significant free cash flow, we are going to look to build our cash balance back. And then with the remainder of the cash, we are going to focus on, obviously, the variable and the stock buybacks on an opportunistic basis.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. Doug, this is Jeff. I would say we view that the mix of the oil to be pretty consistent on a year-over-year basis. We are really focused on rate of return and the returns that we generate in our play. We are agnostic, frankly to oil or gas. But as we all know, certainly, oil is the higher-margin product today, and our focus has been, particularly in the Delaware. So, with the Dow JV that we have in the Anadarko Basin, that obviously reduces those returns and helps from a capital efficiency standpoint and makes that activity pretty competitive with our broader portfolio. But we – I think we would all tell you, and it’s not going to be a surprise to anybody on the call that the Delaware without doubt is our most capital-efficient asset today, it’s oil-weighted. That’s where the bulk of our margins come from. And as we move forward into 2024 and beyond, we would expect it to capture the lion’s share of our capital investment.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. Doug, I would say, as you know, it’s a mix of things. Without a doubt, one of the things that we have talked about a lot is the inflation that hit us and that certainly started in the back half of last year and worked its way into this year. That’s a big driver of that. The timing of our contracts and the roll-off of our contract structure as it relates to all of the different cost categories, I think has also disproportionately hit us relative to our peers. Said another way, I thought our teams did a great job of protecting us from the inflation in the very early part of the cycle. So, think about the fall of last year and the early part of this year. And now as we worked our way through 2023, a lot of those contracts have rolled off into a higher price environment from an inflation standpoint. And so you have seen some of the capital efficiency for our asset base relative to some others certainly change. Obviously, mix is a big driver of that. The shifts that we made with the acquisitions in Validus and RimRock, you are moving away from a more capital-efficient asset in the Delaware from a mix standpoint to really great assets, really great returns in the Bakken and the Eagle Ford. But as I mentioned in my response to the previous question, they are certainly not as capital efficient as what we see in the Delaware. So, you put all that together, and I think that’s what you are seeing really driving that capital efficiency rate of change relative to some of our peers. I will say, though, when you step back and you look at that capital efficiency on an absolute basis, company versus company, we feel really good about where we sit, and we look really, really competitive against the top-tier companies in the space. That rate of change as you pointed out has just been pretty material and have been a challenge on a relative basis as you all screen for capital efficiency. But when we look at the capital efficiency on an absolute basis, we still feel really good about where we sit. And we expect that to improve as we work our way into the future for all the reasons you mentioned earlier, which is we do expect to see some deflation as we work our way through the back half of this year and into next year. And as Clay mentioned earlier, the mix of our asset base and the things we are focused on, we think that only is going to add to our productivity moving forward.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. No, absolutely. I am glad you asked the question. We are absolutely focused on growing the fixed dividend as we work into the future. And so you should expect us on a year-over-year basis to lean in and grow the fixed dividend as we get more and more confident, obviously, in our base game plan and our framework. It’s – yes, I certainly should have mentioned it earlier. It’s the priority one as it relates to our cash return framework, and it only falls behind, obviously, the financial strength and the balance sheet. So, absolutely expect to see us grow that into the future.
Clay Gaspar: Hi, Neil, thanks for the question. This is Clay. I just want to reiterate, we feel good about our full year guide certainly, with the accelerated activity, things moving a little quicker on the D&C front, that pulled a little bit of our production forward. That’s great on a per well basis, but you get a little bit of lumpiness in the productivity. So we get – we pulled some of that third quarter volume forward. So we maintain our full year guide, but we’ve always seen kind of a role as we pull back from that four frac fleet in the Delaware to the third. So nothing new, nothing unplanned, but consistent with what we’ve been showing and once again, feel real good about the full year guide.
Clay Gaspar: Yes, Rick, in your question was, should we expect that run rate. Just remember that fourth frac crew in the front half of the year we are consuming DUCs essentially in that period. Just if you look at Delaware Basin, and then when we’re running three frac crews as we will in the second half of the year, we’re essentially generating DUCs. And in a fully optimized world, we would pick up and drop that fourth spot crew to optimize. I would say in today’s world, what we’re doing is really trying to bring that crew in, get them fully up to speed, let them run through the opportunities that we have. And then put them on pause in this case, for about 6 months, we will pick them back up again in January. You’ll see capital tick up, but you’ll certainly see the production tick up as well related to that crew. So that does exacerbate the lumpiness that we talk about. I’d love to have a straight line. But again, when you pan out and look at an annual basis like Rick talked about, you really see the consistency of our program.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Thanks for the question, Scott. This is Clay. We’re really excited about the work that we’ve seen to date. We have about 30 tests we’re still learning on what’s the right wells to go in and refrac what’s the right techniques to go in and prosecute those. And so I would say for only being 30 wells and 30 refracs in we’re very encouraged about the results. We’re encouraged about the inventory that we had. I should note, in the Validus acquisition we did, we had zero refracs underwritten in the acquisition price. And now we’re seeing more material upside, both in redevelopment and in refracs. I would say on a heads-up basis, when you think about returns, the better ones certainly compete heads up with the wells that we’re drilling today. But you really have to really think about how do you prosecute those, the right approach, and you end up getting a variety of them. So I would say it’s too early to tell on an exact quantity and the overall return, but certainly, the top half of what we’ve derisked today, we feel really good about and will certainly become more of a regular part of our investment opportunities on an annual basis.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Thanks for that. The Anadarko Basin certainly is our gassier option. We have a lot of running room right now. We’re more focused on the liquids-rich portion of it. But even relative to the rest of our portfolio, that’s certainly a gassier part of the mix. When we look to the wells that we’re developing in Williston, a little bit higher gas cut there as well. Very importantly, we’ve done a good job of getting that gas down the line, through the meter and sold rather than flaring. Happy to report our flaring numbers continue to be heading in the right direction around the company, especially in Williston. And that’s certainly not without challenges. I think that’s the bigger contributors to the increase in gas, getting that through the meter, getting that sold is always a very high objective, but we’re also really focused on the oil side of the equation, which is where our revenues really come from.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. I appreciate that, Arun. I think your logic on how to get there as far as rig count, frac fleet count, I completely agree with. I’m going to hold back on giving you a number for next year. There is a lot of things going on around what’s happening in commodity price, therefore, rig count, therefore, inflation, deflation, those things have pretty material impacts, and we’re just going to hold back. But I think directionally, think of the same similar activity as a really good starting point.
Clay Gaspar: Yes, Neal, first question around the B. I mean, this is so important and fundamental to what we do around the assessment work. We talked about on several calls, this 10% to 20% of the dollars that aren’t directed towards the most near-term capital efficient, but it’s so important that we dig deeper out into the portfolio to de-risk these opportunities. And when we see after several reps of really understanding what that opportunity is, and they certainly jump up to the front of the line compete even with some of the best stuff we’re investing in today, it’s pretty exciting. And so it’s something we just want to share specifically in Cotton Draw, specifically in these B zones. These are really accretive and very valuable. Now full disclosure, they are already baked into the inventory numbers that we guide to, but they are baked in on a risk standpoint. So as we de-risk them, net-net to us, there is real value creation and being able to prosecute on those. The second question was around moving the opportunities forward. So that’s just – we have 16 rigs running. They are all running just a little bit ahead of pace. The completion crews, same deal there, four frac crews for the front half of the year in the Delaware Basin, they are just running just a little bit ahead of pace. And so that fourth crew that we toggle on and off originally was slated to run through October. And then we pull it back to September than August. We finally were able to release that in July and accomplish everything that we needed to accomplish. So you can imagine the well cost savings and the value creation on a per well basis. Now it kind of monkeys with our quarterly numbers a little bit, as you can see. But overall, we’re always trying to pull that value forward. We’re thinking about per well full cycle cost, how do we continue to drive that? And then how does it manifest to the bottom line of the company.
Clay Gaspar: Happy to do it, Matt. Thanks for the question. As I think about the Williston, it is certainly maybe the most mature of all the oil resource plays. We are learning things for the first time what these late innings really look like. Certainly, with the RimRock acquisition, bringing those wells in, we faced some challenges really from a surface standpoint, but also from a relatively surface standpoint, and I will talk about both. From a subsurface standpoint, one of the challenges we faced, specifically with some of the wells we acquired is the nature of the depletion. These crosscut wells are really unique. And so we have seen wells we have drilled through essentially have a depletion and then essentially verge pressure and then back to depletion throughout the lateral. Producing those – completing those and producing those have been a relatively unique challenge. We haven’t seen anywhere else. We have gotten some solution, I have talked about earlier. I think we are doing really well on getting those wells producing consistently, getting them unloaded and allowing the proppant to stay in place, which is fundamentally important to be able to producing the wells. More on the surface side, once you get that proppant in place, then you don’t have the challenges of artificial lift. You don’t have the sand flowing back to surface and adding additional complications. What we really faced in the first quarter was some of these operational challenges and then still in a very tight workover rig environment, reaching for that workover rig, having to stand in line or the opportunity cost of pulling it off of something else we were trying to do has been pretty uniquely challenging. I think we have gotten a good recipe for the wells going forward. A lot of our inventory that we are able to go back to now will not have some of these same challenges. It’s more run of the mill, what we have been dealing with in Williston for the last several years and really delivering some really good well results. So yes, the first quarter was challenging from an operational standpoint, especially in the first quarter, compounded by weather. I feel good about the direction we are headed, the response we have had from the team, and the outlook going forward.
Clay Gaspar: We love – we cherish our partnerships, and we love it when it’s a mutual win-win. Dow has been very pleased with this partnership. We have as well. It’s allowed the Anadarko Basin to compete in our pretty rigorous portfolio. And so expanding that, certainly, Dow has a very good knowledge of the basin, it would be the easiest to pursue with them. Certainly, look, we are objective. We have other partnerships around the company, but it’s something we are regularly talking about with Dow, how would this work for them, how would this work for us. We haven’t made any decisions on that, but just thought I would mention, we have an additional runway beyond the current scope that we may end up pursuing at some point.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. So, I will tackle those. Starting with the Williston, it’s a very different reservoir rock than the Eagle Ford. The Eagle Ford is very notoriously tight, low permeability, which is a challenge in trying to initially develop. What we are finding is there are some benefits in redevelopment being able to space in wells later in life and not having some of the challenges that we see in other basins. We are not going to be able to do that same kind of model in many other basins because it’s fairly unique to the Eagle Ford. When it comes to refracs, it’s a little bit different scenario. Williston being on the more mature and also having a fair amount of the development early in the industry’s understanding of how best to complete these wells. There are some really inferior completions, and so the opportunity there is a little bit different. It’s not from a reservoir standpoint, it’s more from a completion standpoint, how do we go in and restimulate some of these wells that were massively under-stimulated. So, therein lies a different opportunity there. The Eagle Ford, you asked about kind of breakeven costs for the refracs, I don’t have a very good number for that. I would say, in the top half of the opportunities that we are looking at, many of those are very competitive with what we are drilling today, which is pretty – a very, very solid return. So, I would put it in that bucket. There is still a lot of work to do on refining how do we figure out where is the line and certainly commodity price will play a role in how many of these refracs and potentially even trifracs, you come back again at a later date. Those opportunities will certainly be commodity price dependent.
Rick Muncrief: Nitin, that’s a great question. I think we’ve talked about this fairly consistently. As far as consolidation, I think, a, it’s going to continue to happen. I think as you start looking across many companies’ portfolios, and we’re not one of those companies, but there is a lot of companies out there, many of the smaller companies they are going to start looking for options because they are getting light on inventory. Some of the private consolidations that we’ve seen recently that you’re referring to – many of those were companies that exhibited performance. It was really – quite honestly, it was pretty impressive in how fast they grew their production, how fast they were going through that inventory, but they also see the challenge of where they are going to go in the future. And for companies like us, we’re going to be very, very disciplined, and we just haven’t had an appetite to really take on that steep decline rate that you would be inheriting. You have to be very, very thoughtful and it gets to be tricky. Now I will say there were some pretty creative solutions with some of those companies that had those and bringing some two and three companies altogether to make some pretty interesting transaction. But I think it just represents the creativity in our sector. I think you’re going to continue to see consolidation. I think it makes a ton of sense, and it’s going to happen for numerous reasons. And over time, you’ll continue to see companies consolidate, and there’ll be companies such as Devon, I believe, that will be the beneficiaries of those because we’re going to be very disciplined, and I think we will try to be opportunistic and make sure that we make moves that just build a stronger and stronger, more durable company. And so – but you’re spot on. I think consolidation in our industry is going to continue.
Rick Muncrief: Hey Scott, it’s Rick. We feel really good about our runway, but we also are compelled to continue to explore, to continue to assess what we already own. You have heard several comments, commentary around consolidation opportunities. I think it’s incumbent upon this management team to first, let’s understand what the opportunities we already have in hand. You have heard Clay talk about how we had – in the Wolfcamp B, we feel really, really good about some resource potential there. We had it in a risk basis, and you go out and you execute on those and you find out that they really are good. And the implication is that not only the offsets of where we are at, but when you think about a 400,000-acre position that we possess in the Delaware, and you can continue to do these and these assessment activities. And quite honestly, you either meet or exceed what your expectations are. That’s a good thing. That’s better than good. That’s a great thing, because that adds to your risk or your un-risk – excuse me, your risk inventory that you feel really good. When I say that, that’s inventory you are pulling off the shale and executing on and with phenomenal returns. And so whether it’s in the Delaware, whether it’s these opportunities that we have in the Eagle Ford, which we are really bullish on, which is the opportunities we see in the Bakken, which we continue to see some nice opportunities there. We feel really good about it. But I think it’s incumbent upon this team to continue to assess what our current acreage position is as we compare and contrast executing on that, holding what we have versus going out and buying more, consolidating more. So, just – it’s real fundamental to our business.
Rick Muncrief: Right. I think that’s what you are going to see. I think you are seeing maturation in a lot of these basins. And if you just think about whether it’s – you have seen it in the Midland Basin. We are not in the Midland Basin, but you have seen that for several years where every year until you start bringing new resource on, you are going to be continuing to evolve and people tend to go to their highest returns. What – you have seen it in the Bakken. We have seen it in the Eagle Ford. But I can tell you there is many of these basins. We are excited about the potential that we see with restimulation and some tighter spacing. In some cases, we up space in the other areas. We just learned more about the resources we have. But that’s been the history of our business over the last 100 years is plays and basins will mature over time until there is either a change in technology, new intervals are found. And so I think you are just – you are seeing that play out in real time. We are continuing to – but we are excited about what we are seeing. So, hopefully, that’s coming across in our – not only in our prepared remarks, but some of our answers that whether it’s restimulation down in the Eagle Ford, whether it’s what we are seeing the assessment work in the Delaware and other places Powder, Anadarko, we are just really excited about what we have.
Rick Muncrief: Paul, it’s Rick. I would just say that when I think about those restem opportunities down the Eagle Ford. In my mind, in a $50 world, as long as you are north of $50 and a $3 Henry Hub, you are going to have some pretty good returns. We are pleased with that. One of the things I will add, the previous question we had was around some of the assessment work, just – everybody needs to recall, we are only doing a small percentage of our capital budget with assessment work. It’s not like we are really leaning in on that. We do think it’s important to allocate a certain amount of capital and really excited about what it holds for us. That being said, I know at a time when people are hyper focused on capital efficiency, that’s fair. It really is. But we also need to think about the future. And when I say the future, it’s not next quarter, it’s the next 5 years, 10 years, 15 years, 20 years.
