Vincent W. White: Thank you, operator, and good morning, everybody. Welcome to today's third quarter 2012 earnings call and webcast. Today's call will follow our usual format. After I make a few preliminary comments, I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, John Richels. He will provide the overview of the third quarter and his thoughts on the upcoming quarter and year ahead; then Dave Hager, the Head of Exploration and Production, will provide the operations update; and following that, our CFO, Jeff Agosta, will finish up with a review of our financial results and an updated outlook. After Jeff's discussion, we'll have a Q&A session. Our Executive Chairman, Larry Nichols; as well as Darryl Smette, the Head of Marketing, Midstream and Supply Chain, are both with us today to help out in the Q&A. And as usual, we'll keep the call to about an hour. A replay of this call will be available later today on our website. During the call today, we're going to provide an update of some of our forward-looking estimates based on the actual results that we've seen over the first 9 months of the year and our revised outlook for the fourth quarter. In addition to these updates, we will file an 8-K later today containing the details of the updated fourth quarter estimates. To access this guidance, you can just click on the guidance link found in the Investor Relations section of our website. Please note that all references today to our plans, forecast, expectations and future estimates are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. And while we always try to give you the very best information possible, there are many factors that could cause our actual results to differ from those estimates. You can find a discussion of risk factors related to our estimates in our Form 10-K. Also, in today's call, we'll refer to certain non-GAAP performance measures. When we use these measures, we're required to provide related disclosures which are available on Devon's website. During the third quarter, we recorded a non-cash property impairment charge of $1.1 billion or about $700 million after-tax. This charge resulted primarily from the lower natural gas prices over the last 12 months. And under full cost accounting rules, the carrying cost of our oil and gas properties is subject to a quarterly ceiling test. I just want to clarify that this write-down was simply an accounting exercise and is not reflective of the fair value of our assets. It does not relate to any specific reserves. It also has no impact on our cash flow or cash balances nor our credit agreements. It's worth noting that this charge is not unique to Devon. Beginning last quarter, that is the second quarter of 2012 and extending into the third quarter, several companies in our peer group have taken impairment charges. With that out of the way, I'll turn the call over to John Richels.
Vincent W. White: Yes, Dave, this is Vince. I might add that really, the thoughts around the share repurchases are undertaken in conjunction with our capital budgeting process, which is currently underway.
Vincent W. White: David, I think you're referring to the Analyst Day, we gave an illustration of what our assets could do under a specific set of assumptions. Those assumptions included price outlook, price realizations relative to benchmarks and the performance of our assets. If you look at things that have changed since that date, we've got NGLs, and our expectations for NGLs as a percentage of WTI have come down. I think gas prices have probably ticked up a little bit. Oil prices are a little weaker. And the changes to our portfolio, we've seen the delay in Jackfish ramp-up, should not affect the multiyear period, and we've also seen some good progress and derisking in some of our major oil plays. So all those things go into the mix. I mean ultimately, how much we grow top line depends on how much capital we spend, and we're always trying to optimize the per share growth, not the top line growth, and it's a continually evolving picture.
Vincent W. White: Brian, this is Vince. I'll take the first part of the question. The acreage spend this year is about $1 billion before any recovery through the JVs, that's the gross number. Year-to -- that's through the first 9 months of the year.
Vincent W. White: We're -- first of all, I don't have it in my fingertips. We do monitor that, and the prices have a huge impact over the short term, as well as our product allocation, but I can't give you that comparison right off.
Vincent W. White: We've run past the top of the hour, so we're going to respect your time and cut the call off. And as usual, we'll be around the rest of the day. The IR staff will be available to answer any follow-up questions. So thanks for your participation.
David A. Hager: Sure, Doug. This is Dave Hager. I'll give you an idea for where the rigs are right now and where they'll be next year. It will be just a summary comment before I go into all the numbers. I wouldn't expect a great deal of difference, but we are going to continue to ramp up the Permian activity next year. We're going to be very active in the Mississippian next year. So we have 2 very high-quality oil plays there, and we're going to -- you will see some increases there. But everything else I think would be fairly static with where we are. But to complete the picture for where we are right now, we currently have 20 rigs working in the Permian. Of those 20, about 9 are working in the Bone Springs and Delaware plays, about 5 in the Wolfcamp Shale and the Cline Shale combined, 3 in the Wolfberry and 3 in the Central Basin Platform. We have 10 rigs working in the Barnett, 7 rigs working in Cana, and we'll probably ramp that back up a little bit more next year also. Mississippian, as we said, we have 13 rigs working there. We have a total of 7 rigs working in what we call our southern division, and that includes the work we're currently finishing up in Ohio and Michigan, 3 doing Canadian exploration, 3 doing Granite Wash, and we had mentioned, we're going to be going up to 4 rigs there with the success of our Hogshooter program. 4 in the Rockies, 1 in Lloydminster and 1 other doing conventional work in Canada, for a total of 69 rigs.
David A. Hager: And the substantial part of the cutback is going to be on the leasehold side, not the drilling side. So we're going to be very active on the drilling side.
David A. Hager: Sure. The plan is to get a good representation of wells across our entire acreage position so we can evaluate it all. The first 3 wells that we have drilled have been located in Sterling County. Since that time, we have actually gone up and drilled a Mississippian well that I mentioned up in Fisher County where we have quite a bit of acreage as well. And we have a couple wells that we're currently drilling and completing in Mitchell and Nolan County as well. And so if you look at our acreage position, it is -- those are the 4 main counties where we have, at Sterling, Mithcell, Nolan and Fisher, with a little bit in Scurry County as well.
David A. Hager: We're very confident we understand now what the issues are that created this. And really, you could see it on the logs that there was some interbedded nature to the logs. What was not fully understood until we started producing. And remember, these pads were originally designed and approved from a regulatory standpoint 4 to 5 years ago when -- what was not fully understood is just what were the impact of this interbedded sands and shale have on the initial steam chamber development. So we're confident now. We understand that. We've seen this. We've actually observed it with not only here, but at Jackfish and some other industry projects in the same area. So the fact that this happened, we understand the nature. We're confident we can overcome this. The reserves are there. We're still going to get all the reserves? There's just a delay on these pads and getting the production up to full speed, and we know how to place future pads to avoid these issues.
David A. Hager: And I'd like to add we're very confident still that Jackfish and the Pike areas are really top tier projects. If there was as a mistake that was made, it's just we didn't add enough spare wells initially to make sure that the plant was full. But from a geological perspective, there is no question these are top tier reservoirs in the best part of the SAGD development.
David A. Hager: I would not expect the LOE to go lower. We are very proud of our performance on LOE because even as we're making the shift to a higher oil percentage as part of our overall production, everybody knows that oil is more expensive to operate than natural gas. And so the fact that we've been able to really mitigate the impact of that through our LOE is good. But because we are continuing to shift to more oil as a higher percentage of our production, I wouldn't anticipate it going lower on a per barrel basis. But we -- it's something we work every day, and we think we're pretty darn good at.
John Richels: And Doug, it's John. Just let me put a little bit more color around what Dave said and reflect back to what I was saying earlier. We are going to be cutting back. We do expect our 2013 CapEx program to be cut back but because of the impact of the JVs and the additional capital that comes from those joint ventures, our activity levels, as Dave said, will stay pretty high.
John Richels: Well, Doug, in Canada, as you are probably aware, we are not spending a large amount or not allocating a large amount of our capital into areas -- into the conventional. We had very little activity there. And so almost all of our expenditures in Canada have been towards these heavy oil projects. And as you know, they are very, very long term in nature. So for example, Jackfish 3, I think Dave mentioned, we're about 47% completed or 45% completed on that. That's going to continue over the next couple of years. And as we move into Pike, we'll do our detailed engineering and won't even start that for over a year. And so we're really taking a much, much longer view on that than where the differentials may be over the next couple of years. So I think that we're pretty committed to that program in Canada. We really think that the heavy oil program in Canada -- we really think that Pike and Jackfish are in a very, very good part of the Oil Sands where we can have very good results over time. We will continue to allocate some significant funding to that.
John Richels: Yes, and on the gas side, yes, we're really focusing on the higher-margin products. And so where we're drilling gas, we're drilling liquids-rich gas, trying to drill in the areas where those liquids are -- the ones that are providing the best returns. And if that drops off our gas a little bit, then we're not -- that doesn't concern us.
John Richels: And on the other side, Dave -- on your other question, we've been -- we're very open to everything that's going to create value. I think we always we have been. We've never been shy about that. We've taken some bold moves, and so we're always looking at ways to increase value. So I can't tell you anything specific, but we're looking at all of our assets and making sure that we manage them in a way that over time creates the most value.
John Richels: Brian, on the joint ventures, we are developing some additional areas, if they're right for it. I mean, these joint ventures have been very good for us, and we hope good for our partners, and it's something that we will continue to be open to. It certainly improves our capital efficiency. It's something that we would do, and we have allocated a lot to capital or to leasehold over the last couple of years. And when you think about it, as we got out of the international and deepwater and moved onshore, we always said that we would take some of those funds. And I think we got a good return on our investments internationally and in the Gulf of Mexico. And we said we'd take some of those funds and reinvest them in a project onshore to continue to build a good inventory of future growth, particularly on the oil side, and that's what we've been trying to do. So I think it's been a judicious reallocation of proceeds of those dispositions. And now we have a pretty big asset base when you think about it, and we're pretty excited about a number of the areas and optimistic about the number of these areas, not the least of which is the Mississippian and the Cline and some of the things that we're doing in the Rockies. So we've got a lot of running room right now.
Jeffrey A. Agosta: Well, Dave, this is Jeff Agosta. I'll take a crack at the first one there about the repatriation. As we've said repeatedly that we will wait to see how the legislation process plays out. I think that it's prudent to see how any compromise gets made with Congress and the Administration on the tax front. So we're still hopeful that we get some rational tax legislation out of our government, and it's prudent to wait. And I think it's also important to note that our financial flexibility is not at all impeded by that. We're able to borrow in the current short-term markets at very attractive rates. So it just makes sense to wait it out.
Jeffrey A. Agosta: Dave, we've been very consistent over the past, I don't know, 8, 10 years of increasing our dividend and being very shareholder-friendly through buying back 20% of our outstanding stocks since 2004. We've consistently raised the dividend every year with the exception during the financial crisis in 2009 and 2010 when we were going through our repositioning, and we will continue to look at that. All with the view toward maximizing cash flow per share adjusted for debt.
Jeffrey A. Agosta: And one other thing, Brian, I'll just throw in to what Dave has said is it's important to understand that as we drill additional couple of well pads, all we're doing is moving that capital forward. We're not adding a bunch of capital, and that's because over time we do believe that we'll recover all of the reserves in these first 2 well pads. So it's not like we're adding a bunch more wells, we're just moving them forward.
Jeffrey A. Agosta: No, we were expecting Brandon -- we were expecting payout -- I'm sorry Charles, we were expecting payout in at right around year end. And so it really doesn't have an impact on fourth quarter expected oil production. And now we expect it to be some point in the first quarter, not exactly sure when. It will depend on oil prices.
Jeffrey A. Agosta: I would say yes, that due to product prices being much lower in the third quarter of this year than they were last year, it has probably gone down for us and the industry.
