Scott Coody: Good morning, and thank you for joining us on the call today.  Last night, we issued an earnings release and presentation that cover Devon's results for the first quarter and our outlook for the remainder of 2024. Throughout the call today, we will make references to the earnings presentation to support prepared remarks, and these slides can be found on our website. Also joining me on the call today are Rick Muncrief, our President and CEO; Clay Gaspar, our Chief Operating Officer; Jeff Ritenour, our Chief Financial Officer; and a few other members of our senior management team.  Comments today will include plans, forecasts and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. These comments are subject to assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Please take note of the cautionary language and risk factors provided in our SEC filings and earnings materials.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick. 
Scott Coody: Thanks, Rick. We'll now open the call to Q&A.  Please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. This will allow us to get to more of your questions on the call today.  With that, operator, we'll take our first question. 
Scott Coody: All right. Well, I appreciate everyone's interest in Devon today. It looks like we've made it through the queue of questions. If anything else comes up later on the day, please feel -- please feel free to reach out to the Investor Relations team at any time. Thank you, and have a good day. 
Jeffrey Ritenour: Thanks, Clay.  I'll spend my time today covering the key drivers of our first quarter financial results and provide some insights into our outlook for the rest of the year.  Beginning with production. We had very strong results across the board in the first quarter, driving our improved full year outlook. Looking specifically at the second quarter, we expect this production momentum to continue with volumes increasing to a range of 670,000 to 690,000 BOE per day. This expected growth is driven by higher completion activity in the Delaware Basin, resulting from the fourth frac crew we put to work at the beginning of the year in the core of Southeast New Mexico.  On the capital front, we remain confident in our guidance range for the full year. Spending will be slightly skewed to the first half of the year, roughly 55% of our budget, due primarily to the cadence of Delaware completion activity. This spending will begin to moderate as we move from 4 to 3 frac crews in the Delaware resulting in a lower capital spending profile in the second half of the year.  With regard to pricing, the recent strength in price of oil has provided a meaningful impact to our returns and cash flow generation capabilities. For every dollar uplift in WTI, we generate around $100 million of incremental annual cash flow.  On the gas side, we are experiencing weakness in WAHA pricing within the Permian. But as a reminder, our exposure is limited given our firm takeaway and basis hedging. Looking ahead, we expect the situation to improve with the Matterhorn pipeline scheduled to come online later this year.  Moving to expenses. We did a good job controlling field level costs during the quarter. Our lease operating and GP&T costs totaled $9.27 per BOE in the quarter coming in below the bottom end of our guidance range. Looking ahead to the rest of the year, we expect our field level cost to remain relatively stable, and we feel very comfortable with our full year guidance ranges.  Moving to the bottom line. We generated $1.7 billion of operating cash flow during the quarter. This level of cash flow funded all capital requirements and resulted in $844 million of free cash flow for the quarter. With this free cash flow, we continue to prioritize share repurchases in the first quarter. We repurchased $205 million of stock in the quarter, bringing our total activity to $2.5 billion since the program's inception in late 2021. With a $3 billion authorization in place, we have plenty of runway to compound our per share growth as we work our way through the year.  In addition to our buyback program, another key use of our excess cash in the quarter was the funding of our fixed plus variable dividend with the board declaring a payout of $0.35 per share. This distribution will be paid at the end of June.  And to round out my prepared remarks this morning, I'd like to give a brief update on our investment-grade financial position. In the first quarter, our cash balances increased by $274 million to a total of $1.1 billion. With this increased liquidity, Devon exited the quarter with a very healthy net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 0.7x. Looking ahead, with the excess free cash flow that accrues to our balance sheet, we plan to build liquidity and retire maturing debt. Our next debt maturity comes due in September of this year, totaling $472 million, and we'll have the opportunity to retire another $485 million of notes in late 2025.  And with that, I'll now turn the call back over to Rick for some closing comments. 
Jeffrey Ritenour: Yes, Arun, I think you're alluding to the infrastructure spend that we had last year, which has cleared up a lot of the gas processing bottlenecks and some of the other challenges that we had around water movement and electricity. The team has done a great job of getting ahead of that. We're spending, call it, $100 million, $115 million a year in the Delaware to build out that compression in the gathering. And as Clay mentioned in his prepared remarks, that served us really well as we walked in here to 2024 and has freed up a lot of capacity and availability for us to move the molecules.  As it relates to the back half of our guide, we still feel really comfortable with the guide that we've laid out. We've gotten good progress, obviously, here in the first quarter. We'll continue to monitor things as we progress and provide you guys updates as we move ahead. But needless to say, we feel really good about how things are working operationally in the basin, and frankly, across all of our core areas. 
Jeffrey Ritenour: Yes. Thanks, Neil. As you know, a couple of quarters ago, we rolled out a slight change to our framework and leaned in on 70% of our free cash flow is going to go back to shareholders via our fixed dividend, share repo and then the variable. And then also, we made a commitment to building some cash to the balance sheet to manage the maturities that I referenced in my opening comments. So that continues to be our game plan and our expectations, specific to the share buyback, without question, with the underperformance we saw on a relative and absolute basis last year in the equity market for our shares, and based on all the work that we do internally, all the modeling work we do around intrinsic value, it's pretty clear to us that the best thing that we can be doing with that free cash flow is leaning in on the share buyback. And so that's what you've seen us do the last couple of quarters, and we would expect that to continue as we walk forward into 2024.  This pace of, call it, $200 million, $275 million a quarter, currently, that feels about right. Obviously, as we work our way through this year and our capital spending will moderate as we talked about in our opening comments, I think there's even a potential for a little incremental leaning on that as well. But we feel really good about the share repurchase program, the results that we've been delivering there and would expect that pace to continue. 
Jeffrey Ritenour: Yes. You bet, Neil. This is Jeff again. Great question and certainly something we've been talking a lot about internally and externally.  First of all, I'll just say Matterhorn, we expect it to come on at the end of the third quarter, to answer your question directly. I want to highlight that we haven't had any issues moving our molecules despite the volatility that you've seen in WAHA pricing and the kind of the downward trajectory of pricing here over the last, call it, 1 month, 1.5 months. We feel like we're in a pretty good position. Matterhorn is obviously going to help that when we get to the back half of the third quarter. But just as a reminder, we move about 2/3 of our gas out of basin to the Gulf Coast via the firm transport that we have in place. And then another 15% of our Delaware gas is protected via the hedge program that we execute each quarter. So that's helping as well.  That remaining gas that is exposed to WAHA, one thing to keep in mind is about 75% of that gas is first a month. So we don't see all the volatility that you are looking at on the screen as it relates to the day-to-day when maintenance issues happen and other challenges out in the basin. So we feel like we're protected pretty well from the bit of exposure that we do have and certainly expect that Matterhorn is going to help relieve some of that pressure when we get into the third quarter.  As it relates to other projects, there's a handful of other projects that our teams are engaged in discussions with third-party pipeline providers. As it relates to timing, I can't give you a specific answer, but I do think within the next 6 to 12 months, we'll see another FID in a pipe. And certainly, as you know, Devon historically, we've got a track record of leaning in to help those projects get off the ground, whether it be volume commitments or in the case of Matterhorn, we actually made an equity investment as well. So we're certainly going to be supportive of those projects and -- like most others in the industry, we think that you're going to need another pipeline here with another 18, 24 months. 
Jeffrey Ritenour: Yes, Roger, this is Jeff. Again, we remain committed to the upcoming debt maturities that we have this year and next year. We continue to believe that in this business with the volatility that we have, the wide swings that we can have in commodity prices from, frankly, day-to-day, week-to-week, certainly quarter-to-quarter. It's important for us to maintain that strength in our balance sheet and that stability. And frankly, it just provides us a lot of optionality to go do, whether it be incremental share repurchases or should we find the right opportunity, as Rick described on the acquisition front, that will be an option for us given the capacity that we'll have within the balance sheet.  But at this point in time, we're going to continue to focus on building a little bit of cash to the balance sheet to handle those upcoming maturities, and then we'll see where things go from there. 
Jeffrey Ritenour: No, I think you said it well, Rick, which is it really is a function of the evolution of the kind of the life cycle of the asset and where we are on that. And as Rick mentioned, we've tried to be opportunistic with those investments, certainly want to support projects as needed and where we can put some equity to work as well, we're not adverse to doing that.  And as Rick mentioned, from a governance standpoint, there are some situations where we want to have a little bit more control, but usually, as those assets mature, that tends to dissipate, and that likely becomes a time where we'll look at the market dynamics and consider some sort of exit or monetization. But I feel good about where we sit today with the investments that we have in hand, and they've served us well as we're working to move our molecules. 
Jeffrey Ritenour: Yes, Matt, this is Jeff. Yes, we continue to have interest in getting some exposure to the water as it relates to both on the oil and the gas -- on the gas front. Specific to LNG, we're having active conversations with different folks, including Delfin, as you mentioned. That continues to progress. No new updates beyond what you've heard from us in the past. But without question, we want to get some exposure to the LNG market as it relates to our gas molecules. And as I mentioned earlier, with the Delaware gas, we're in a significant portion of that to the Gulf Coast. Some of that goes into the Katy market. We've got incremental capacity that takes us away from Katy into the Louisiana kind of the hub where a lot of that LNG demand resides today and will get that built out into the future.  And so we feel like we're well positioned to take advantage of that incremental demand and again, having active conversations with multiple parties. 
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Thanks for the question. It is becoming a more core piece of what we do. I think this is on the back of years of trying to figure out what's working, what's not, when you post appraise and kind of look at industry performance. I would say we've got a lot of mixed results. When you start fine-tuning a little bit and look at more recent performance, some of the work that we're doing, you see some really encouraging results. And that's on the back of making sure that we understand the well construction, the opportunity from a geology standpoint, that initial completion design and really focusing on the best opportunities. And then also, obviously, refining our techniques that we're using to do some of these operations.  I would say the wells that we are putting online this year, approximately 25 refracs, compete very favorably with the wells that we're drilling on a heads-up basis new well construction. So very encouraged about what we're seeing and I think there's more runway to go.  On the Williston Basin, I would characterize the Williston as a little earlier in the process. Again, you draw a big circle around the Williston, you post appraise what the refracs look like, I think it's a little bit more of a mixed bag. I'm still highly, highly encouraged. I mean, in every one of these very prolific basins, it's still -- we're still recovering a very small amount of the total resource in place. And I'm very encouraged about where we sit in a multi-basin resource play company in some very high-quality opportunities to continue to get smarter on how do we create value from these amazing opportunities. And so more to come on that. 
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Thanks for the question. And the clarification, both Rick and I covered this in our prepared remarks. Number one -- I'm sorry about that. Sorry. Thanks for asking the question and allowing us to clarify this. We both -- Rick and I covered this in our prepared remarks, but there's 3 big contributions to the outperformance. Number 1 on the list, probably 60% of the outperformance was well productivity. That really drove the outperformance. Second was the efficiency at which we're bringing them in. We had a couple of more days online here and there. Cumulatively, that adds up.  And then third, very importantly, from a base standpoint, both from a midstream standpoint, from a weather standpoint, just how we're operating our wells, we really outperformed historical performance there. So thanks for the opportunity to clarify that. Maybe we weren't clear on that. 
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Thanks for the question, Scott. As we have done in years past, we are front-loaded on capital about 55% in the front half of the year, 45% in the back and that's really driven by that fourth frac crew. Obviously, that comes with more wells online in the front half of the year, more growth. And so think about it when we're running those 4 frac crews, that we are consuming some of the pent-up DUCs. And then we're running 3 frac crews, our production is rolling over a bit, but we're also building a little bit of a DUC inventory. And so as I expect, and we've guided to first quarter is in the bag. Second quarter, we've guided to a little bit of additional growth. Third and fourth, we'll see a little bit of a rollover on the back of lower completions activity and then building those DUCs, we'll be ready to get back to work with a fourth frac crew either late in the year or probably more likely early in '25. 
Clay Gaspar: Scott, we are -- we baked in about 5% deflation from '23 to '24. We've continued with that mindset. I think that feels like it's materializing pretty well. There's a potential as we continue to run at this rig rate that we could see a little bit more deflation. But what I would really caution you on specifically to our guidance and why we reiterated our capital range is that we're also seeing a little bit of an acceleration of opportunities, more efficient drilling, more efficient completions, which you know can put a little bit of positive pressure on that near year capital number. Now the good news, and I want to make sure we're all clear on this, both deflation and the efficiency gains are accretive to the bottom line of each of these drilling opportunities. So we are winning on both sides. I just want to reiterate that we are reiterating our capital range and still feel good about where we're at there. 
Clay Gaspar: Neal, thanks for asking the question. We have -- we are reverting back to about the same proportions that we were pre '23 that we are in '24 now. And so that's commensurate with the approximate portfolio ratio that we have, New Mexico to Texas, overall Delaware Basin to the balance of the rest of the company. And so think of '24 as a little bit more of the norm. '23 was a little bit of an anomaly. We moved from about 70% New Mexico to roughly about 60% in New Mexico, and that little bit of inflection was able to be seen in the overall average well productivity.  So moving back to 2024 is what we're doing now is a little bit more, I would say, kind of steady state for what we expect rolling forward for '25 and really and beyond. 
Clay Gaspar: Yes, I would say roughly. We will continue to evaluate near-term opportunities there. We continue to be excited about the depth of inventory. We continue to find new things out ahead of us that really aren't even reflected in our current inventory models. So that continues to keep us excited. We're always evaluating what kind of screens to the front of the list. And I think this kind of is really an answer to both of your questions.  Remember, the wells that we're bringing online, specifically in the Delaware because it's just -- it's leading our performance. A couple of years ago, these didn't screen nearly where we're seeing the results today. So our optimism about a couple of years from now, what's really coming up in the portfolio in all of our basins remain very high based on the fact that we've got a lot of smart people chipping away at really good ideas on how to always improve those recoveries a little bit more and operationally just do it a little bit more efficiently. 
Clay Gaspar: Between those 2, I would probably push a little bit more to the completions because you're -- it's just a bigger ticket. But I would put ahead of that some deflation we're actually seeing in pipe. We -- in the steel costs in '23 was by far the highest category. We've seen that roll over pretty materially. Hopefully, there's more to come there, but we're pretty objective about overall well cost. We feel good about our guide where we're at now. As I mentioned earlier, I'm hoping for a little bit more inflation, but I'm also very realistic that the efficiency gains that we have make me hold the line on our capital guide. 
Clay Gaspar: I think we continue to make great ground on the efficiencies, the days -- foot per day -- days spud to TD. I see those numbers continuing to head the right direction. The inflation, deflation, actual rig cost itself, that's somewhat -- we run with the market there. We're always pressing for the best opportunity, and we always evaluate service providers based on their own capabilities and what that cost is.  So we're not beholding to one particular company or one particular category, we're pretty objective about taking the best opportunity to create the most value for our bottom line. 
Clay Gaspar: Yes. I would say it's a little too early to talk 2025, but certainly, as I mentioned in a prior question, we model, we have good models. We have internal looks for '25, '26, and then we always reserve the right to get smarter. So I would expect our '25 internal expectations, which we haven't talked about publicly, to continue to migrate up as they do in prior years. But I don't think it materially moves our expectations of what we're doing now.  In my mind, this is something that is kind of standard operating procedure on what we're doing. We always expect our D&C teams to move more efficiently. We're always expecting our production teams to be a little bit more operationally savvy and efficient. And then for the subsurface folks, building in that creative magic to extract just a little bit more of the resource and be a little bit smarter on how we do this overall. And I think that's the part I'm excited about and what I continue to see as we roll into '25. 
Clay Gaspar: I think that's a great question, and I'll take a little bit of that -- I'll take some of that bait and pursue it. And by the way, we're always happy to talk about operations, beats the heck out of something else that's more asymmetric to our objectives.  Referring back to Slide 9, we talk about 2 things: the well productivity and the completions efficiencies. And then in our, both Rick and my prepared remarks, we talked about really 3 components and adding on that base. That base outperformance was really critical as well. As I think about overall proportionate, about 60% of the outperformance really was the well productivity, maybe 20% or so was bringing forward those projects more days online, and about 20% was just uptime really associated with less constraints than we saw in '23 and really historically.  Now that does not say that we didn't have any constraints. There's advantages and there's disadvantages of working in the hottest basin around the world. And that's really the Permian and more specifically, what we're seeing in the Delaware. Jeff's gotten questions on the midstream buildout. We're very highly tuned in on that. But it's not just gas. We watch water, we watch oil build-out, processing, the electrification, all of those categories, we have to juggle in a 4 or 5 dimensional kind of chess way to develop this incredibly prolific resource.  The other complication specific to the Delaware is the number of landing zones, and that continues to evolve. We highlighted the Wolfcamp B as something that will probably play a larger differential role. So as we roll that in, we also need to think about the changes to that infrastructure and the needs.  One of the questions you asked along the way was, do our wells have anything kind of held back because of infrastructure constraints? And I would say, categorically, yes, there's always something. We're not going to push volumes into a system that just doesn't want those systems. We're not going to pay -- we try and minimize paying basically disposal fees for gas. And then we also are very thoughtful about our flaring percentages. We've incredibly drawn that down. We made really good progress over the last few years and we certainly don't want to reverse course on some of those gains. So there's a lot going on. Really, really pleased with the team's performance and happy to be here to represent the team on such a successful quarter. 
Clay Gaspar: It is the new wells. I'm separating 60% for the new wells, that 20% that I talked about in the base is the existing wells kind of the other base activities that are also performing -- outperforming what we had baked into the forecast. 
Clay Gaspar: Scott, we've loved the Williston Basin for a long time. In '23, we probably pushed a little harder than the infrastructure and the well productivity was ready for. And so we've slowed that down. And again, just a great move to improve that capital efficiency, we have the benefit of a franchise asset in the Delaware Basin that gives us that latitude to not over accelerate into wells or infrastructure that's not quite ready. And so what you see on the Bull Moose and the North John Elk are some core of the basin opportunities that we needed to wait until all the stars aligned to be able to bring online.  We've actually got another rig back out there drilling some more core basin wells, about 10 of them that will come on either very late in the year or first of next year. Again, it's all baked into the plan. But that's probably the consistency, the approach that we're going to take rather than being forced into consistently running a rig and probably pushing some wells in that weren't quite ready for prime time. We're going to take the opportunity to drill what's available, release that rig, bring it back in when the next opportunity presents, and you'll see incredible results from it. Again, the Williston Basin continues to prove the quality of that asset, the oil cut. As Rick pointed out, the incredible amount of cash flow that comes from that basin is very valuable to our bottom line and the core of what we believe is the right business approach for our organization. 
Clay Gaspar: Yes, I would say roughly, that's correct. But certainly, as we're bringing on a pad and then it's absent for a while, you will have some peaks and valley in the Williston. I hope that doesn't disrupt the visuals, it should kind of flow into everything else we're doing. But yes, as we are a little bit more selective, again, I believe it's the right approach in this asset, you will have some growth some quarters and some rollover in others. 
Clay Gaspar: Well, it's interesting. We talked about the Wolfcamp B a couple of quarters ago, kind of highlighting success there as well. It was just in a different part of the basin. The B obviously extends all the way across the Delaware Basin. This was an area that we really haven't drilled. It's a little bit more Northeast on our position in the Thistle area. And it's a little less mature, certainly from the B. I think there's 3 wells that have produced the B, the first 2 were just kind of so-so, and so our expectations were pretty moderate.  But again, as we're thinking about developing these areas, we wanted to really put a modern completion on and give our best kind of try and see what it looks like. It's significantly outperformed. And so with the approach that we're taking today, we're really excited about that differential uplift.  The 50 wells is really just in our Thistle area. We have other B wells that we will be bringing on in other wells -- excuse me, other areas of the basin as well, those are above and beyond the 50. We'll continue to hunt for and more opportunity. The reason we highlighted this Thistle is this is not reflected in our inventory. This is more of that upside that we're bringing forward that now competes very favorably for the capital investment today. 
Clay Gaspar: Thanks for the question. We've got a great partner with Dow. And so this is something that we want to make sure that we're being good partner, and we're working in coordination with them. So I certainly don't want to get ahead of myself. What I can tell you is we've been very aligned, continue to appreciate not just the value creation from the partnership, but the nature of the partnership. I would say if the right opportunity presented, my belief is that we would be aligned in accelerating.  Now what I have to tell you is I'm looking at the forward gas curve, and it's just -- it continues to be pretty challenging. Again, with the balanced portfolio that we have, our ability for the Delaware Basin to really carry the company, we just don't see the need to push dollars into an area that's not being fully rewarded. Now that said, with the Dow carry and with the work that our midstream team has done to really extract the most value we can for this commodity, we are doing actually pretty well on these returns. Not Wolfcamp A well, but really know that we're still creating value.  So we'll continue to run 2 rigs in the Dow JV area, continue to look for those opportunities above and beyond and then even extend potentially the Dow JV beyond where we're at today. Again, great partnership, enjoy working with that team, and I think we both benefited very well from it. 
