David Hager: Hi Brian, this is David Hager, I’ll take a stab at that. First off, capitalized interest and G&A is not included in the $4.8 billion to $5.2 billion. When you look at where we’ve high graded the program I’ll say roughly the Permian activity is about the same; we’ve obviously added $1.1 billion in Eagle Ford, the overall capital is slightly lower than we had last year, probably a couple of hundred million or so, so there is a little bit of reduction. The biggest reduction will be in our Barnett and Cana areas where we are drilling less of the liquids rich opportunities and we’re also spending less money in the Canadian Conventional as well, and then finally we have a little bit smaller land budget this year as compared to last year. So if you look in our key development area of the Permian it’s essentially flat, key oil development area essentially flat, the heavy oil essentially flat, the addition of a oil or condensate area in the Eagle Ford and cutting back in liquids rich drilling land and the Canadian Conventional. 
David Hager: Yeah. And we're going to, again, as I said, our activity level is essentially flat this year at around $1.5 billion, total; we're going to be drilling somewhere around the order of 350 wells across the entire Permian position all while utilizing 22 to 23 rigs, they will vary a little bit during the year, somewhere on that order. As I said during the call about $900 million of that is going to be spent in the Delaware Basin, primarily drilling Bone Spring wells, about 130 Bone Spring wells, about 160 overall wells, we’ll have 11 to 12 rigs working on that play this year. I also mentioned the Midland-Wolfcamp where we are going to spent about $200 million, in that area we plan to drill about 150 wells -- 140 wells or so in the Midland-Wolfcamp Shale and maybe about 10 or so in the Cline. We'll also spend about $200 million in the Wolfberry drilling about 40 wells using a couple of rigs there; in the Central Basin platform we’ll have about 10 wells using a couple of rigs and then we'll spend about $150 million additionally for leasing facilities, OBO, and other type projects. So there is a, I think a pretty comprehensive breakdown of our $1.5 billion.
David Hager: I’ve got it here, so the production, maybe fourth quarter 2013 production. First on the Canadian conventional, that we just divested, it was a total of 88,000 Boe per day consisting of 412 million cubic feet of gas a day, 9000 barrels of NGL a day and 10,000 barrels of oil a day. The remaining assets that we’re looking at divesting in the U.S. and again this could vary a little bit depending on what we actually sell. But our anticipated assets sales would have production of around 57,000 Boe per day of which a little over 250 million or so will be gas, about 9000 barrels of NGL a day and 4000 barrels of oil a day.
David Hager: Yeah, this is Dave. Yeah, we've been able to engage with BHP quite a bit and of course we haven't closed on the transaction yet, but we have had numerous meetings with them, talking about how everything is going and how we might be able to help out with the partnership. I think the one thing in particular that we're going to really bring to the table, it is our ability to execute what you might want to call the machine. The ability to manage the large number of rigs and then actually bring those wells on production with -- in a very timely manner, that's something we're very good at. We have 35 plus rigs running in Barnett at one point and we've been very active with this unconventional plays for a long time. It's of course skillset and I think that's something that we're really going to bring to the table. We're very impressed with the technical work they are doing, I'll tell you that. So, we think we are going to have a good exchange of technical information, they are very open to listening to us, so we think it's going to be great partnership.
John Richels: Brian, just to close the loop on that let you know that capitalized G&A and interest are about $400 million and that those are included in the total capital when we say we intend to live within cash flow in 2014.
John Richels: Well, I would say, we're hopeful and optimistic that it is broader takeaways across the entire Bone Spring’s position. What we've done, Brian is we have moved our activity from the North Western portion of our acreage position in Lea and Eddy counties expanding that to the South and Southeast in the same counties so to where we have additional acreage. We are starting to appraise those areas and what we're finding is that we're getting as good a well result if not better in the South and Southeast area as we had in the Northwest portion of our acreage position. Now we don't have as many wells there yet but so far the results are very encouraging. So that's why we're optimistic this inventory is going to continue to grow and frankly, we haven't booked hardly any PUDs, just being a little bit conservative there, we haven't booked hardly any PUDs on the basis of all the results that we've had there as well. So we're very optimistic that the results are going to continue and that we are actually going to be able to continue to grow the inventory as well.
John Richels: On the Delaware Wolfcamp, we're very excited about it and so we think there is potential, we have a significant acreage position not only on the Texas side, but as you move up into New Mexico, we have some geological modeling and thoughts, I would say, about where we think the most prospective area is. I obviously don't want to get into lot of details around that, but we're encouraged by what we see, we're going to continue to drill a handful of wells this year to evaluate portions of our acreage position and see if we can get some additional opportunity to capture.
John Richels: Yeah. When you look pre-consolidation numbers for Devon, so excluding EnLink any capital expenditures that we will undertake are included in our segment that we intend to live within cash flow. And obviously a lot of the capital expenditures on a consolidated basis will really be EnLink’s capital.
John Richels: That is fair. And we’re spending about $400 million on completion of the expansion on the Access Pipeline and that’s clearly a potential dropdown item.
John Richels: Yeah, there’s some oil in that – there some minor oil properties in the Canadian asset package and that number that we gave you excludes those barrels, excludes that 15,000 – excludes about 15,000 barrels that we’re selling.
John Richels: Yeah, absolutely. The position we’ve put ourselves into Arun, is with these steps that we’ve taken over the past while, is we’ve got a company now that we can grow or we can grow oil on a multiyear basis at about 20% even after we’ve let gas decline because we’re not investing in gas properties or dry gas properties at this time. We’ll still see top line growth in the mid single digits on a six to one basis probably around close to 10% on the 20 to one basis if you want to look at it more in an economic equivalency basis. And we can do all of that while living within cash flows. So it really reflects the big step up in margin that we’ve been able to accomplish and the much more prospective and efficient asset base that we have today going forward.
John Richels: It will be in our detail guidance and we did provide the production associated with the Canadian reserves and it previously provided -- okay.
John Richels: That’s not in the new Devon or in the retained assets. And when we talk about new Devon or retained assets, that does not include that number.
John Richels: In the U.S., our tax basis is fairly low. As you can see that was in the case in Canada. We had a very high basis and we’re able to take advantage of several other opportunities to keep our taxes down. They’re very low number coming on Canada. Now, even though we have a low basis in the United States, these properties would be available for 1031 like kind exchange, that’s something that made a sense of the time.
John Richels: The way that these heavy oil projects work, we are going to start steaming later on this year within the third quarter. And it takes about a period of something like 16 months, 14 to 16 month to ramp up, to get enough heat in the ground, enough steam in the ground to really get that working. So that’s a typical ramp up and so when we talk about that ramp up in oil production, anticipate starting to steam this fall, you start to see an increase, the slight increase in oil production, then it continues to ramp up all the way through ‘15 and then from ‘15 onward, its pretty much running flat at 35,000 barrels a day.
John Richels: Yeah, we had an exit rate around 16,000 in December, average about 14,000 for the quarter and exceeded our expectations of 15,000. We don't have an absolute exit rate for 2014, we are optimistic as some more 20,000 to 25,000 barrels a day. We’re still doing a lot of appraisal work out there and so there’s going to be variability. So the results probably somewhere on that order of magnitude.
John Richels: Well, I think what we said is on a going forward basis, multi-year basis, we drill the oil at somewhere around 20% and topline on a 21 basis somewhere around 10%.
John Richels: Thanks, Charles. Well for [inaudible] I'm showing we're a little past at the top of the hour, but just before signing off let me leave you with a few key take away. First, we've taken some bold steps in a relatively short period of time to high grade our portfolio and improve the growth trajectory of our go forward business with our acquisition of the Eagle Ford, the creation of End link and the divesture of a Canadian conventional business as we talked a lot about today.  We have an emergence with a formidable and balanced portfolio positions to deliver oil production growth around 35% in 2014 led by a 75% increase in U.S oil production. We are going to achieve this attractive growth without spending within operating cash flow and lastly, while the remaining exciting changes occurring at Devon, our approach to business remains the same. We will continue to pursue our top strategic objective and that is to maximize long-term growth in cash flow per share after adjusting for debt. So, we look forward to talking with you again on the next call. And thank you very much for joining us today.
