Scott Coody: Thank you and good morning. For the call today, we have slides to supplement our prepared remarks. Our slides for the call along with our press release and detailed operations report are available on our website. Some of our comments on the call today will contain plans, forecasts and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. Securities Law. These comments and answers are subject to a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially. Following our prepared remarks, we will take your questions. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Dave Hager, our President and CEO.
Scott Coody: Thanks Dave. We will now open the call to Q&A. [Operator Instructions] With that, operator, we'll take our first question.
Scott Coody: And Subash, this is Scott. With regards to the STACK activity levels for 2019, we're going to bring online a few more wells than what we drill. I think we're going to drill about 90 wells, and from a spudding perspective, order of magnitude maybe 10 less somewhere in that neighborhood. So I think that's the best way to think about the cadence of activity in the STACK in 2019.
Scott Coody: I show that we're now at the top of the hour. We appreciate everyone's interest in Devon today. And if we didn't get your question, please not hesitate to reach out the Investor Relations team today, which consists of myself and Chris Carr. Once again, thank you for your time.
Dave Hager: Yes, Arun, good morning. We are extremely confident on achieving at least $780 million of annualized cost savings. We have activities ongoing right now that are moving us toward achieving those results. We have results or things that we're doing on the drilling and completion side, we outlined some of the key items there. I think if you look at the deck back on Slide 17, it highlights some of the increased capital efficiency around facility costs and I mentioned Wolfcamp drilling cost, and STACK infill design, dedicated frac crew in the Powder River Basin, et cetera. We are working on the LOE side right now. The interest expense is obviously contingent upon the asset sale. And we're confident that we're going to do that. But I think very importantly on the G&A side and that we have said that we will achieve approximately 70% of those savings by the end of this year; I can tell you that we have already started our activity on that front and there is going to be additional activity in the very near future. And we have a plan. We've started the execution of that plan and we're very confident that we're going to get those results. Jeff you want to...
Dave Hager: I may just add a little detail around the G&A, because I suspect others are going to have this same question about it. So if you start with a run or a 2018 G&A of $650 million, we're saying we're going to achieve $300 million of G&A savings. And let me kind of break that down for you so you get an idea in the different categories. We have already identified and already have completed about $35 million of efficiency gains versus the 2018 annual numbers. So our run rate currently is around 615. We expect another $100 million associated with the divestiture-related exits and specifically the G&A associated with Canada and the Barnett directly related to that. We're targeting additionally about $75 million of non-workforce-related reductions in G&A. And there are a number of areas that that's going to come from. But we've identified specific areas where we think that we can target savings. We're spending more than we want. But there are certainly some areas even like the technology area, we think our costs are high and we're working to reduce those, optimizing our third-party labor, a number of areas are non-specific to, that are not workforce-related, and we do target about $90 million of workforce reductions. So and the bulk of that will be done in 2019 as well. So that gives you a little more detail hopefully to see how we get there.
Dave Hager: I think Jeff can handle it, but obviously in Canada, it's been quite variable. The cash flow that's been generated from that given the differentials. But Jeff can give you more specific numbers.
Dave Hager: We're going to put John. John is Head of our Delaware Business Unit and John has been a part of all the transformation work that we're doing in the Delaware.
Dave Hager: Well, we're not going to give these assets – this asset away. This is a high-quality asset. There is in top 10% of all SAGD assets out there. Assets like this don't come to market every day and we think that that's going to be recognized by the potential purchasers that will – how high-quality asset this is. And I think frankly there are a number of people who are looking at this business for the long-term and understand that and will understand that the differentials can swing widely. But they do have some confidence that eventually we are going to have more pipeline infrastructure out there and we'll be able to price it appropriately. So you're not going to see – we're not going to give it away. But I think the other thing that I would remind you and that's important I remind you to go back and look once again at – on the operations report at Slide 11 where it shows that even with no value ascribed to the Barnett and Canada, we're still trading at a discount. So in a way, you're getting free option on this. Now that doesn't mean we're going to give it away for free because we think it is a valuable asset. But when you look at the share price I think that's important thing to keep in mind.
Dave Hager: Well, I'd say that overall we obviously allocate the capital to where we see the highest returns. Now we do have some very high-quality program that we're going to be executing in the STACK in the volatile oil window and we feel good about that. But I think with the – you start with the overall desire to certainly live within cash flow and to generate some level of free cash flow with the breakevens of $46 you can see that we're poised to do that. But given that and given where we want the overall capital budget to be, you start ticking through the areas and the Delaware is performing just outstanding. We want to keep our momentum going there. The Powder River Basin, we think it's important to expand from two to four rigs to be able to go into development on the Turner and fully appraise the Niobrara activity. The Eagle Ford, we've gone to three rigs in partnership with our new partner, BP, and potentially adding a fourth rig later this year. And so we have a relationship there, so we feel that's appropriate. So that really makes it come back to the STACK and STACK is really the one that has the most flexibility for the pace of the program. And so given the learnings we have and we want to concentrate on the core of the volatile oil window that's the one that we feel that we should adjust capital.
Dave Hager: I think Ryan, our basic philosophy is to have a consistent measured approach to capital investment. We find that we generate the highest returns when we do not dramatically increase or decrease our capital spending. And so you can look for us and that's one of the strengths obviously advantages of having a strong balance sheet also allows you to weather fluctuations in commodity prices. And so we – you can see us, we may flex it up and down slightly but we try not to do it too much because if you do you start losing returns. You become much less efficient. So you can look for us to stay measured in our approach on capital investment. And as Jeff said as free cash flow is generated above that approach, we see that available to return to shareholders.
Dave Hager: I would say – Tony is going to give you the detail but the big picture is the Turner is moving into full development and we are appraising the Niobrara for potential full development in 2020. But Tony can lay more details on that.
Dave Hager: Ryan, I can tell you just a second just to highlight – step back and highlight. What I think is a very important point about the New Devon. And it's really showing in a series of three slides there in the operations report, not the one accompanying the – my comments, not the management commentary, but the operational report and Slides 4, 5, and 6. And Slide 4 shows that we have assets in four of the best U.S. onshore basins. And we don't just have assets in four of the best U.S. onshore basins, we have – when you look at the acreage position, our acreage is truly located in the best parts of each of those four basins. And that manifests itself directly on Slide 5 with those well productivity results. And a little provocative in my comments there, but it is amazing to me that we're so transparent with everything. We talk about base missteps we have at Showboat and the STACK and all that, but it just makes you wonder. I mean, we talked about that and the negatives there, but look at where we stack up. We are stacked up even including that at the top of the 90-day IP charts. So that is that's transparency and that's also showing that we're in the best parts of those basins. And then when you continue on Page 6, we have depth. So we've got acreage in the best part of it and we also have depth in the best part of it. And that's why we are so excited about this New Devon because we think this positions us to compete at the top echelon of the U.S. onshore unconventional companies.
Dave Hager: Those will come out of a data room process. We just hope to have the data room completed by – on Canada by the end of the first quarter; Barnett second quarter. And so that we'll get bids in.
Dave Hager: I think it would be primarily due – three rigs basically production plan in the Eagle Ford. And so the anticipation that we may have a fourth rig in the Eagle Ford which should be somewhat predicated on the success of the appraisal work in the Austin Chalk.
Dave Hager: Subash, I think it's a little bit early to be looking at that. But right now we have thoughts that that would just be a good cash flow-generating asset and that activity would be somewhat consistent with our plans in 2019. We're quite excited right now. I think we reported in some really good rates on the wells that are associated with the less dense space projects and that's showing to be really prolific and has not been built into our fuller modeling thought process, but for the most part be fairly consistent activity to 2019.
JeffRitenour: Yes, Arun, this is Jeff. As we outlined on the slide with the cost savings about 70% of that's going to come in the first year. But keep in mind we've tried to build a 2019 that's clean. So we've assumed that we're starting to get the impact of those cost savings in the 2019 time frame.  As you know, that's going to be dependent on, as Dave highlighted, interest cost, for example, is going to be a function of the asset sale proceeds. So, until we actually get the asset sold, you're obviously not going to be able to pay down the debt and recognize some of those interest costs. But we tried to show you a clean 2019 look.
JeffRitenour: Sure, Arun. Well, as you might guess, we're not going to prejudge our processes that we have ongoing in each of those assets. But as you're well aware, there have been multiple transactions in Canada, in the SAGD space over the last couple of years. Certainly, there's several publicly traded companies with quality SAGD assets in that space but I think folks can look to get a sense of the value proposition. On the Barnett side, again, have been fewer transactions obviously here of recent, we did obviously sell our Johnson County package last year. I would point out to you, however, that this package is much larger and has a larger weighting toward liquid. So those are things to keep in mind as you think about the value proposition. From a tax standpoint, as I think you probably had talked to Scott a little bit last night and he's probably shared some of this with you already, but our expectation is, we will not have any cash taxes in 2019 related to the divestiture of either of these assets. That's a function of the bases that we have in both of those assets. Structure of the ultimate transaction is ultimately going to determine the tax implications. But under any scenario, we really don't believe there's going to be significant tax impact. Again, that's a function of the bases that we have in the assets, as well as the tax attributes that we have in hand today. So for example, at year-end, we had just under $400 million of NOLs in the U.S. So, you put all that together and we think we're going to have a pretty tax-efficient separation of both of these assets.
JeffRitenour: Yes. Doug, as just Dave pointed out, it's a little bit challenging at the moment just given the volatility that we saw in the differentials in the fourth quarter. But we're certainly on a go-forward basis thinking about more normalized differentials from a WCS standpoint. There's obviously other complexity given the curtailments and everything else that's going on in the space. But if you think about our base business and steady-state production, you're probably in that $400 million to $500 million range from an EBITDA standpoint for the asset. On the Barnett, I believe in 2018 that asset did around $200 million and $250 million of cash flow, and so it should be in that same ballpark going forward.
Tony Vaughn: Doug, in the Wolfcamp, you know, we're going to spend about – we're going to drill about 45% of our activity will be in the Wolfcamp in 2019. And as Dave mentioned, having great success there on the well performance side but also on the cost efficiency side of our business. Some of the good well performance is also translating up into our Todd area which is pretty far north for Wolfcamp activity and seeing some really outstanding results there.  But if we look at the typical 8,500-foot Wolfcamp well, our D&C costs right now are estimated someplace between $9 million and $11 million per well; recognize that we're in a transition state right now where the more repetitions we have that's coming down the learnings are accelerating quite rapidly. The 30-day IPs we're estimating to be about 2,500 BOEs per day and ultimate recoveries are we're estimating to be upwards of about 1.4 million barrels per well. You also have followed our activity in the Bone Springs and we continue to do very good thoughtful work there with outstanding results, high returns. And there we're spending about $6 million to $7 million per well. IP is a little bit less in the Wolfcamp, a little bit less than 2,000 BOEs per day and ultimate recoveries is about 1 million barrels per well. And Leonard is also a great story line there as well. Costs are in that same range as the Bone Spring's well. The 30-day IPs are about 1,500 BOEs per day and the ultimate recoveries are also about 1 million barrels per well. So we're quite pleased with all the activity that we have in the Delaware. I got to compliment our technical staff, at this point Doug, since we're talking about the Delaware. They've done a very nice job building out the infrastructure for that entire area. I think you've heard us talking the past about the magnitude of water that we move through our existing infrastructure, which is about 90% to 95%. So the guys are doing just really quality work and I think this is all predicated, not really initialized from the initial work where we locked up our acreage in the areas that we knew we wanted to focus. And that has proven out to be extremely valuable decision from three years ago.
Tony Vaughn: Bob, this is Tony again. We are – we've got about 19 planned for 2019. We're having great success with our refrac program especially high-end success with our liner refracs. And there we're spending about $4 million per well. When we tried to go without liner and without trying to add new perfs and direct our injection with a plug-and-perf system we can save about $1.5 million and get back to something closer to about $2.5 million. Order of magnitude, we're seeing on uplift. It depends on well to well, but we're seeing an uplift of about 1,000 barrels of oil per day uplift from the wells that have been fracked – refracked with the liner system. The total capital again is about $4 million and the expected rate of return is really at the high end of our portfolio risk. And if you look at the cheaper refracs that we've done just bull heading the fluid and prop it down; gets similar-type response and economics there at lesser cost, but the IPs are a little bit less at about 700 initially. And again a little bit more volatility in some of the results we've had to date. But for the most part we're excited about this and find it to be one of the higher-end components of our portfolio.
Tony Vaughn: We've got about 700 refrac opportunities in the field on an unrisked basis. So as we continue to prosecute this and get more data, we'll just keep marking through that list.
Tony Vaughn: And that's right, Dave. Ryan, we're quite excited about the Powder River Basin position. We've been operating in the basin for quite some time and fully understand the subsurface of the basin. You recall that we expanded our position a couple of years ago and the team has done a really thoughtful job of derisking the Turner. We've continued to manage our Turner appraisal process understanding spacing as Dave mentioned are now moving into the development phase of that. So very high confidence on the results that we've seen in the Turner, we also continue to run about a rig line associated with the shallower zones in department and the Teapot in there is a great filler for some of the Turner activity. Those type of results have been outstanding. And I think if you looked at the operating reports on the detailed information there, we brought on about nine wells at the second half of December; came on a little bit late because we don't operating two rigs there. We did not have the ability to handle a dedicated frac fleet. So it was deferred just a little bit, moved most of our new performance from those nine wells into January. But the well results were outstanding; fit right nicely into our expectations. As Dave mentioned, we're increasing our activity. We're at three rigs right now and by April we'll have the fourth rig running and we'll also have our dedicated frac fleet there. And what that significance of that means in terms of the cost savings there, our technical team has done a really good job and they believe they can work about $1 million per well out of our costs simply by having enough of a relationship between the four rigs to keep the one frac fleet busy. So we're very optimistic about the development work we're doing there. What's also very intriguing to us right now is the work that we're doing in the Niobrara and we've reported on three outstanding wells in the Niobrara. Those are holding up really nicely fit well into our subsurface model. We're continuing to appraise that in 2019. And in fact, on our Atlas East program, we're going to watch that develop in 2019. And by the end of 2019, if all this drills out as we expect to we'll be into development mode around the Atlas East portion of our base in there and have the capabilities to even increase rig count past that for Niobrara development. And if you remember, the Niobrara is a source rock for the upper portion of the column there in the Powder River Basin. There were certainly behave more like a ubiquitous unconventional formation like we're used to prosecuting. So a lot of upside coming our way in the Powder River Basin.
Tony Vaughn: Ryan, you're on the phone, this is Tony. I misspoke. It's not Atlas East, it's our western portion of our development called, Atlas West.
Tony Vaughn: Bob, I'm just looking at some of the notes here. This would be about 150 MBOE to 200 MBOE per refrac.
Tony Vaughn: Subash on the Eagle Ford question, a portion of these are stand-alone refracs but the portion of those part of the completion of a pad. So it'd be a pressure mitigation process.
Jeff Ritenour: This is Jeff. We're in early days of just working through all that with our advisors, so I don't have definitive answers for you on each of those points but our current expectation is a complete exit. So not to say that we won't consider structures where Devon does keep some sort of equity ownership but our current thought is a complete spin to shareholders.
Jeff Ritenour: Hi, Ryan, this is Jeff. I think as I started out I would point you to one of the things that we're really focused on is just maintaining steady state of activity in our base operations. And as we've talked about today, we feel really comfortable that we can do that at $46 kind of break-even price that we've laid out. We aren't specifically targeting a specific yield or an absolute dollar number, but really more focused on maintaining that momentum in our operational programs and then focused on the cost control that we've outlined today. And then beyond that the free cash flow frankly is just going to fall out of that game plan.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, Brian, this is Jeff. That's still to be determined. We have worked through that with the potential buyer. I will point out to you though the MVC is obviously that we've lived with in the Barnett dropped off here at 2018. So you've seen a big step-up in the resulting cash flows as a result of that.
Jeff Ritenour: Hi, Paul we're pulling this number together right now, but directionally, it looks like to us with regards it's about 30% year one on a BOE basis and oil is going to be a little bit higher than that. So that's going to be for the New Devon. So that would exclude the Barnett and Canada.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. This is Jeff, Paul. We don't expect to see any issues in the near term – excuse me, 2019, 2020 or 2021 from a transportation standpoint or takeaway standpoint.
Jeff Ritenour: This is Jeff. Yes, the first two years are pretty comparable as you roll forward. 2021, you do see a move higher with the production growth that we expect and you'll see additional free cash flow as the cost savings really start to compound over that multiyear period. On a capital standpoint, it's relatively flat as well. You'll see some increase on a year-over-year basis from 2019 to 2020 and then from 2020 to 2021; 10% overall.
Jeff Ritenour: We will probably consider that a snapshot in time. That's just trying to give you indicator of just the production momentum we expect heading into 2020. So not trying to imply Q4 there but clearly you'll see a pretty strong growth rate year-over-year, but probably not greater than 20%.
