Dave Hager:: It was the primary things you have to look at, we looked at everything but you look at the prospectivity of the area based on all the well results you have and then you also apply what we call a drillability factor, can they physically be at locations, physically be accessed with our acreage inventory, those are two primary things we look at and then we also are looking at obviously historical production data to help it out and we all put it into what we call in multi-variant analysis but we remove bias and this is a statistical analysis where we are looking at basically trends in an un-bias manner that correlate with prospectivity. That doesn’t totally substitute for good technical work but it’s an additive to that but those are the main things you are looking at traditional things you are used to David is just good geosciences work, combined with reservoir work and production history.
Dave Hager:: Well, the latest table constructor we hope the risk factors move down actually because the lower is the better, the way we constructed the table. Yes absolutely, as get more data we expect these risk factors to go down. And I think the biggest thing we expect to move up perhaps is this column this risked wells per section, because that’s where we simply don’t have enough data to do this kind of multi-variant analysis, because there hasn’t been a lot of wells that have been drilled, six wells per section or eight wells per section in order to get a good history on. So in this case we didn’t really do that detailed statistical analysis, we just made -- what we think is a very conservative assumption and as we conduct these pilots which we’re doing right now. We think there is great opportunity that we may increase from the four to five wells per section to more wells per section. But we just want to get some pilot information before we do that.
Dave Hager:: The way we think about it, is we generate as many as we can obviously, then we try to put as many rigs to work as we feel that we can and maintain the quality of our drilling results. So we identify huge new resource inventory, that’s great news. But then we got to think about what can we actually execute and deliver the results with the risk that we perceive in the basins. So I don’t know if there is an optimum. I mean I would love to have 100 years inventory, totally theoretical standpoint. But what we’re trying to do is increase the pace of our drill commence with our ability to de-risk the area. And we’re confident we’re going to be able to get somewhat around 20 rigs next year and we’re thinking higher than that internally but we got to walk before we run and so we’ll see where it goes.
Dave Hager:: Well we had none of this and the inventory at the time we did the acquisition we gave zero value to the upper Eagle Ford. So this is all additive from a value standpoint. As you can see from the isopach map that we included in the presentation, we think the bulk of our acreage is perspective for the upper Eagle Ford. The key is that there is an ash zone that develops that we think that will contain the fracs that have been done in the lower Eagle Ford from penetrating up to the upper Eagle Ford. And when we talk upper Eagle Ford, there are a couple of different upper Eagle Ford intervals, just you guys know there is an upper Eagle Ford shale and there is upper Eagle Ford Marl, we’re really talking about the upper Eagle Ford marl which some might call the lower Austin Chalk, but it’s a Marl zone and it is very mapable. We think the bulk of the acreage is developable for that. How much that adds at this point? Or we think is potentially is developable, we need to get more well results, so before we can quantify too much. And frankly where we’re drilling right now in Lavaca County may or may not be the best part of it. The best maybe in DeWitt County.
Doug Leggate: If I could take two questions please. First of all Dave on the Eagle Ford, just to be clear I am assuming you had no inventory in the upper Eagle Ford in your initial analysis when you acquired your southern. And if that is the case, can you give us some ideas based on (obviously) [ph] a number of third party wells that hoped and drilled near for Eagle Ford. From what you know today, what would you say about how -- at what proportion your acreage is perspective? And anything you could say about how that may change the inventory count? And I have a follow up please.
Doug Leggate: My follow up is I guess is a Cana question but it is also kind of an activity question. 5,000 locations the 10 rigs, obviously I am missing something here. What proportion of those 5,000 locations falls into the category of the enhanced frac that you described obviously yourself. And how does this basically change capital allocation as you move forward in terms of [indiscernible] EBITDA level? I'll leave it there. Thanks. 
Doug Leggate: Thinking more about the overall portfolio Dave in terms of given the spend for the balance sheet. I mean is there -- how do you see acceleration generally across the portfolio, given where your inventory is building on it pretty much every play now.
John Richels:: We may go higher than that, that’s a fair enough point Doug. Now this is a recent development with these improved completion designs that are really enhancing the Cana economics. So we are allocating rigs back out there. we obviously want to see, we’ve been drilling in what we think is some of the best part of the play not all of it is going to necessary quite as good as this but we think it’s still going to be very good. So we’re going to see where these results are, where they take us. It’s possible that we may continue to ramp the rigs up well beyond the 10 that I mentioned in my previous comments.
John Richels:: Well just for this -- this year, we haven’t changed our guidance for the year, Brian, I think we are on the street at 5 to 5.4 for our E&P capital spending and that’s assuming costs remain the same but we will see how that all sorts out. And we are halfway through the year and we so far spend about 47% of our total CapEx budget for the year, so we are on track for this year.  When we talk about 20% growth in 2015, growth in our oil production 2015, we've done that based on our expectation for cash flow for next year. So, again as I said earlier whether we -- as we finish developing our budget and take all these other factors that I mentioned when I was replying to Doug, into account, where we actually ended up with a capital budget in 2015 remains to be seen but that 20% number is assuming living within cash flow.
John Richels:: Yes, that’s a good question. It’s a project that has very, very different characteristics. So, if you just want to compare strictly on a rate of return basis, it doesn’t compete as well because, you are reporting some capital upfront, you get this long stream of cash flow over a longer period of time.  So, they're very different projects, the good part of it is, very, very low geological risk, very low engineering risk, you got this flat production profile for 20 or 25 years and an extremely high cash flow stream that comes with that.  So, it really -- the characteristics of it are quite different and we’ve always thought that having a portfolio that’s has -- that's balanced in some way not only between natural gas, natural gas liquids and oil, we kind of like that balance between light oil and heavy oil too because they trade very differently over time and because they have these different characteristics. So, those are all things that we have to take into consideration in making that decision, it’s kind of balancing the near term versus the longer term aspects of those two kinds of or two different plays.
John Richels:: So, those volumes that Darryl is saying that’s really much more than we -- I mean that expansion capability with an extra pumping is actually much more than we need for Jackfish and Pike.
John Richels:: Well folks, I am showing the top of our here but before signing off let me leave you with a few key takeaways from today’s call. First, we have dramatically improved our portfolio in a short period of time. Devon emerges with a formidable portfolio that’s on track to deliver attractive high margin production growth for many years to come. As evidenced by our second quarter results, our pursuit of high margin production is significantly expanding our margins and profitability.  And finally the commitment to our top strategic objective that you heard us talk about often, which is to optimize long-term growth and debt adjusted cash flow per share has never been stronger. As we deliver on our growth expectations we are poised to create significant value for our shareholders in the upcoming years. So, we look forward to talking with you again on our next call and thank you for joining us today.
Darryl Smette: This is Darryl, and yes it is sized for Pike, actually sized for both Jackfish and Pike and it does have the ability with additional pump stations to increase capacity significantly, we currently have about 270,000 barrels a day of capacity on the blended stream and like I said with additional pump capacity we can increase that volume for that pipeline. So, all of those things have been taken into consideration.  I might just add the access pipeline looping the 42 inch line was completed end of the second quarter early third quarter and we are now in the process of line filling that line so which should be operational towards the end of this year. 
Darryl Smette: The 6 to 8, if we do the 6 to 8 operated we really set around 10 by the first of the year if we do the full 6 to 8 which we as I was explained to Doug Leggate, we may do that and we may do more, that would actually be -- get us above the 10 rigs if we do that given what [indiscernible] is doing. And there is -- financially will do that. We’re just staying by the first year-over-year around 10.
Darryl Smette: Well, I will start off with the rig movements. There is not a lot of rig movement going on. We are as we described increasing our activity a little bit already in Cana and so we are dropping down activity a little bit in the mix for that. We will be adding a little bit in the powder as I described but overall not a large movement in rigs in the last half of this year. We will be ramping up as we go into 2015. Now on the carriers, on the Sinopec side, as of June 30th, there was about just over $500 million remaining of the $1.6 billion carry. On Sumitomo side, there is 345 million remaining of a 1.25 billion total drilling carry. Around the end of the year, we think we would be down to the point on the Sinopec side, where we will be about a little over 150 million left and just under 150 million left on the Sumitomo side that we will utilize in 2015.
