Vince White: Thank you, and welcome everybody to Devon’s first quarter earnings call and webcast. Today’s call will follow our usual format. I’ll cover a couple of preliminary items, and then our President and CEO, John Richels, will provide his comments. Following that, Dave Hager, the Head of Exploration will provide an operations update, and then Jeff Agosta, our CFO, will finish with a review of our financial results, as well as some specific guidance for the upcoming quarter. After Jeff’s discussion, we will have our Q&A session, and we’ve got Darryl Smette, the head of marketing midstream and supply chain with us today to help in the Q&A. We’ll conclude the call after about an hour, but as usual, the Investor Relations team will be available for any follow-up for the rest of the day. During the call today, we’ll make some minor changes to our forward-looking estimates based on the actual results for the first quarter and our outlook for the remainder of the year. However, we will not be issuing a revised 8K because our outlook for the remainder of the year does fall within the ranges that we provided in the former 8K filed in February. To access a comprehensive summary of our current guidance, you can go to Devonenergy.com and click on the guidance link found within the Investor Relations section of our website. Please note that all references today to plans, forecasts, expectations, and estimates are considered forward-looking statements under US securities law and are subject to a number of assumptions, risks, and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. These statements are not guarantees of future performance, and to see a discussion of the risk factors relating to these estimates, you can reference our various filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Also in today’s call, we’ll reference certain non-GAAP performance measures. When we use these measures, we’re required to provide the related disclosures and they can be found on Devon’s website as well. Before I turn the call over to John, I want to briefly comment on the 1.9 billion non-cash asset impairment charge taken during the first quarter, which resulted from a full-cost accounting ceiling test. The fact that we have an impairment charge in this quarter, in spite of stronger gas prices, seems counterintuitive at first glance. However, when you examine the mechanics of the ceiling test, it begins to make sense. In the second quarter of last year, several of our gassy large cap piers that are on the full cost method of accounting took significant impairment charges because of declining gas prices. However, Devon’s relatively large oil and NGLs component and our reserve base protected us from having a write-down in last year’s second quarter, and reduced the magnitude of our write-downs in the second half of last year. In the first quarter of this year, weakness in US NGLs prices and Canadian oil price realizations removed some of the cushion that was previously provided. When taken in aggregate, including our first quarter charge announced today, all of the large cap companies utilizing the full-cost method have taken write-downs of similar relative magnitude. The impairment charge, just as a reminder, the impairment charge has no impact on cash flow, cash balances or our credit agreements, and is certainly not indicative of the future cash flows we expect to generate from our assets. When you exclude the asset impairment charge and other items analysts typically exclude from estimates, our non-GAAP earnings and cash flow for the quarter were $0.66 and $2.85 per share on a diluted basis, respectively. Higher than forecasted production and lower pre-tax costs were the key drivers that allowed us to comfortably exceed Wall Street’s expectations for the quarter. With those items out of the way, I’ll turn the call over to John Richels.
Vince White: This is Vince. We do have an internal view and I would say that we generally believe that it’s the market’s place to set our stock price based on our performance ands and we’ve been told by a lot of participants in the market that we aren’t getting the value of the underlying assets reflected in our current share price.
Vince White: We do model that out over time. This goes back to what John was saying earlier. We look at the expected returns or impact on cash flow per net adjusted share from incremental on the property base versus the impact of buying shares. And while as John said we can’t really zig and zag a lot, we strapped on some large acreage positions in light oil plays, we’re having some pretty good early success in those plays and as we move forward in those they’re likely going to afford us the opportunity to invest large amounts of capital at high rates of return. So if they play out the way that we believe they will, this produces the optimum outcome.
John Richels: Thanks, Jeff. As a reminder, during the question-and-answer session, we’ll ask each participant to limit their question to one initial inquiry and one follow-up. And, with that, Operator, we’re ready for the first question.
John Richels: Doug, it’s John. Let me add one thing. One of the points we’ve been trying to make for some time is we haven’t constrained the types of things we thought were proper allocations of capital just by where the cash resided and you’re very familiar with this, not everyone on the call is quite as familiar so let me take two seconds just to kind of go back to the history because you recall what we did is we got a little over $10 billion for the sale of our offshore assets. That was about 7.9 or $8 billion after tax. First thing we did is we returned 40% of it or a little over 40%, almost 50% to our shareholders through a share buyback and since that time have been investing the remaining funds into this transition of our – our portfolio to higher oil-based properties. So, and light oil properties. So it’s not like we haven’t been allocating that and it’s just been sitting there. I think that’s an important thing to realize. And we really haven’t been constrained in our ability to allocate that capital given the fact that there has been no negative carry between borrowings in the US and the amount that we’ve been earning on those funds offshore just because of the low-interest rate environment so I just thought I’d throw that clarification out there.Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I appreciate that, I guess, John, in light of your efforts you’ve given your acknowledgment of where the share price is relative to where you think it should be I’m just a little surprised you’re not getting more aggressive on the opportunity to buy back your stock the these levels, I guess that’s all I’m saying.
John Richels: Well, one other thing there, Doug, is that, you know, we have – we’ve been moving down the road here on these light oil projects that we think are very – give us very, very good rates of return. And it’s early days for some of these projects. And it’s very hard to kind of move around, you know, stop pursuing that program and move to a share repurchase and back and forth so we have some large oil opportunities in this company that’s going to require significant levels of capital expenditure over the next while. So we’ll continue to look at that and, as you know, I don’t think we’ve been shy about that at all and we’ve bought back more stock than anybody in our peer group and so we’ll continue to look at it very carefully.Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for that. My follow-up is for David, I expect it’s for David. David, the oil rates coming out of the Mississippian line, can you just give us a little bit more help as to where you see the tight curves now in those areas particularly as you move north into the Vitruvian acreage because 600,000 barrels of oil sounds like it’s even better than some of the established players in that area and production rates would be helpful, thanks.
John Richels: That’s exactly right. Let me take the opportunity to answer a question you didn’t ask. Some people have been saying, well, your Permian growth has been fairly flat the last couple quarters, what about your – you’re projecting 40% over the year and we are – the answer there is pad drilling. We have for instance right now about 20 wells and we’ve been bringing on or currently bringing online within the Permian and so we’re going to be significantly ramping up our production in the second, third and fourth quarter. You saw in the quarter we drilled 19 wells, only completed four, so we’re working our way through that backlog right now, and that’s what’s going to really drive the Permian oil growth. We’ve reviewed it and we’re very confident on that growth throughout the year.
John Richels: You know, we’ve got to be very careful about what we’re saying. We’ve pretty much been wood-shredded by our securities lawyers on – on this. But some of the things that we’re going through, and we’ve talked about this openly, is – is, you know, when you first look at it on the back of a piece of paper, it looks – these things – you develop a certain outlook for it and then you’ve got to get a lot of details. And some of them are specific. We’ve got to get through all of our contracts and how they’re going to work under – if we went to an MLP and some of the operational complexities, the tax complexities and that type of thing so we’re just kind of working our way through that and I hate to hold you off on that, but we really think we will have had the opportunity to do some really detailed work as we need to with a transaction of this size and be able to come out with a – with a final goal or – go or no-go decision here by the end of the quarter.
John Richels: Well, if we start drilling in the Barnett we are essentially pad drilling in there, so it’s on the order of four to six months, really, before you complete the pads, all the drilling, complete all the completions on them before you even bring those wells on production and, of course, it’s important to remember we’re dealing with a very large base production in the Barnett right now of 1.4 BCF equivalent per day. So one of the things we’re really focused on is optimizing that base production because – and that’s where I was highlighting during my comments of how we think we’re doing a good job of maximizing that base production. So that’s really frankly just as important at this point as putting more rigs back to work.
John Richels: Morning, David.Dave Kistler – Simmons & Company: Real quickly, when you talk about the Permian and the amount of capital that it can absorb over time you have done a JV and a portion of it, is something like a JV still on the table and would that potentially be why maybe production guidance remained the same for the balance of ‘13 even though Q1 dramatically outperformed and Q2 looks positioned well plus you are going to work through drilled uncompleted wells, pad drilling kicking in, in the second half, Barnett flattish, just trying to understand exactly what’s happening with guidance and then the propensity for a JV.
John Richels: Well, you know, Dave, we tend to – you know, the previous joint ventures that we did, we tended more to earlier exploration plays earlier phase plays and the reason for that is because in addition to the – just the uplift you get on an – from an economic point of view, you’re also bringing someone in at an early stage to help to defray some of the risk or help to mitigate some of these risk and you don’t always know how some of these things are working. When you get to a play that’s more in the development stage, whether it’s the Permian or some of the other plays, at that time it becomes much more just a financing technique. And the financing from a joint venture is quite a bit more expensive than our cost of capital. And so, you know, we haven’t – we’ve done it from an operational perspective in the past, not as a method of financing our operations because it is a more expensive way to finance those operations. So I’m not sure that these plays that are in the development stage are the right ones or at least we haven’t – we haven’t pursued that in the past.Dave Kistler – Simmons & Company: Okay, appreciate that clarification and then maybe a little bit more specifically looking at the Powder River basin results, can you talk about length of laterals, design of the wells, et cetera, I mean obviously the results from those wells in the four-rig program are pretty darned impressive.
John Richels: Well, we’ve drilled wells throughout our acreage position. We started off more to the southwest in sterling county, we have pushed further to the north, as far up as fisher county, as well as Noland county, so we’re testing some throughout the acreage position. But keep in mind, though, we’re testing a very, very large area, it’s about 80 by 100 miles so even though you may have a well throughout that acreage position. If you don’t have the benefit of 3-D, that doesn’t mean you’ve necessarily landed the well and drilling horizontally in the optimum position so just having one or two wells across an entire acreage position doesn’t really confirm or condemn an area. You need to get a lot more – and we’re seeing – we’re seeing it in the miss where the 3-Ds are important and the miss –and we think the s-D is going to be important in the Cline as well. In General, our well results have been little bit better to the southwest side so far, but it’s early on and that can change as we get more technical data and more well results.
John Richels: Well, Dave, on acquisitions, as you know, we – we – we’ve been pretty active over the years, may be an understatement, I guess, but we certainly haven’t been out there for the last while – you know, really acquisitions look pretty expensive over the last few years, when you take a look at acquisitions in any of the areas that we might want to be in. I would say that our view right now, and this is not a scientific analysis, but it’s an intuitive analysis, is that we’re moving into a time when there’s more products on the market and it’s more of a buyer’s market if I can call it than sellers’ market that we’ve been going through the last few years. We continue – we always look at things and any decision we’re going to make, though, in that regard, again, is going to be a decision on what the impact is on debt adjusted cash flow per share as opposed to investing in a large asset base, buying back our stock and doing the other things. But, you know, I think there’s – I think that we’re moving into a little different market than we’ve been in for the last while.
John Richels: Thank you, folks, we appreciate your joining us today. And as Vince said for those who didn’t get your questions in, our Investor Relations folks will be available all day. We’re continuing – we’re excited about the execution of our business plan. We’re moving in a direction of continuing our strong oil production growth, got great visibility of our long-term oil and liquids growth profile, and we continue to provide our shareholders with a very high margin of oil growth with significant option value on improved natural gas prices and improving Canadian heavy oil price differentials. So we will look forward to talking with you again at the next call and thanks very much for joining us.
Jeff Agosta: Well, the immediate thing to do is to repay our commercial paper, we’ve got a large amount of that, over $3 billion of commercial paper. We’ll assess the viability of a share buyback in due course, like we normally do.
Jeff Agosta: Charles, this is Jeff. Just to clarify when we talk about the first 2 billion being moved back we didn’t say tax-free, it’s with minimal additional taxes. You know, think in terms of mid single digits percentages of cash taxes.
Jeff Agosta: And it is – Devon fact-specific. There were no regulatory changes and there are no clever legal structures being utilized. As to any amounts that we would repatriate in the future, of course, we would want to make sure that it was a tax-efficient repatriation. So it would – it’s not likely to be the full 4 billion but it could be another sizeable amount, similar to what we’re doing currently. But that is, again, going to be Devon fact-specific and it’s going to depend on our future tax profile.
Jeff Agosta: Sure I’ll take a stab at it and let others jump in as well. It’s mostly the gas decline that causes the BOEs. I think if you look at it on a barrel of oil equivalent basis just because we’re coming off such a high percentage gas production on a BOE basis and the decline in natural gas, also the NGLs are going to be muted growth in the second quarter just due to the timing of tie-in of new well pads.
Jeff Agosta: There’s about $2 million, Brian, baked into our guidance for acreage, and I would say that hasn’t really changed dramatically and we’re on track and I would say our CapEx this next quarter is going to be down a bit from – on the E and P side by about $200 million and it should trend down quarter by quarter as we go throughout the year to be at the midpoint of our guidance range.
Jeff Agosta: If we did a large, a very large US-based asset sale then yes. As far as the MLP, it’s – it wouldn’t have much of an impact on that.
Dave Hager: Yeah, Doug. We’re not going to get into too much specifics on where we’re getting what rates, for competitive reasons, we’ve invested a lot of money and effort into 3-D seismic which we think has given us a competitive edge and so for competitive reasons I’m not going to discuss too much about this, but in general, we are staying with our tight curves that we have established before, we are seeing, though, obviously, some wells that are significantly above our tight curve that I highlighted in my section of the call. This that we think is directly attributable to the 3-D seismic and the additional science we’re doing in the area. We are still saying that overall that over the life of the well, that about 40% of the production will be oil, about 20% NGLs and the remaining natural gas. Now, early on you get a much higher percentage of the production, that is oil, and it tends to become more gassy through time. But, of course that’s a good thing because it means you get your value back more quickly.Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. I’ll let someone else jump on. Thank you.
Dave Hager: Well, they’re both very attractive plays to start with. They both have strong rates of return, whether you’re talking about the Delaware or the horizontal Wolfcamp play. We have been targeting our wells in the horizontal Wolfcamp play to be on the order of 7500-foot to 8,000-foot lateral length, we think that’s important for the overall economics. We also have been landing zones – it depends a little bit geographically where you’re talking about here but we – we land more in the lower Wolfcamp but we also land some in the middle Wolfcamp as well, when we land in the lower Wolfcamp we think we’re actually communicating up to the middle Wolfcamp in many cases anyway, so but we found that to be the best and I think we’re the first company, frankly, to start landing wells in the lower Wolfcamp and led the way on that, so another example of Devon taking the lead on it. We just have – we’re now characterizing the Wolfcamp as a development play. We have enough wells out there with a lot of repeatability of results that we’re very confident that we have, we set 800 locations in the Wolfcamp and we have 1300 locations between the Bone Springs and the Delaware, so right there over 2,000 location so that’s what underpins our growth and I can characterize them as essentially in the development mode at this point.
Dave Hager: You’re right David, this is David, the results were impressive and have really given us renewed confidence that we can have a lower risk development opportunity with a lot of locations out there. The well design, I don’t have the specifics on them, but we’re typically drilling those around 4500, 5,000-foot laterals, pretty typical for the – for the area. And so there’s nothing particularly unique, I would say, about the drilling and the completion side. What we’ve really been able to do is just high grade the acreage significantly where from a geological standpoint where each of these plays work, and that’s the key to it so we’ve done a lot of detailed technical work to figure that out and over the course of the past year or two and now we’re starting to see the results of it.Dave Kistler – Simmons & Company: Great, well, I appreciate the clarification, guys. Thank you.
