Scott Coody: Thank you, and good morning. I hope everyone had the chance to review our financial and operational disclosures that were released last night. This data package includes our earnings release, forward-looking guidance and detailed operations report. Additionally, for the call today, we have slides to supplement our prepared remarks. These slides are available on our website and we will make sure to refer to the slide number during our prepared remarks so that everyone can follow along. On today's call I will cover a few preliminary items and then I will turn the call over to our President and CEO, Dave Hager. Dave will provide his thoughts on the strategic directions of Devon. Following Dave, Tony Vaughn, our Chief Operating Officer, will cover a few highlights from our U.S. resource plays and provide his perspective on the current market dynamics in Canada. And then we will wrap up our prepared remarks with Jeff Ritenour, our Chief Financial Officer, covering our financial highlights. Overall this commentary should last around 15 minutes before we head to Q&A. I would like to remind you that comments and answers to the questions on this call today will contain plans, forecasts, expectation and estimates that are forward-looking statements (01:26-01:28). These comments and answers are subject to a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and actual results may differ materially. For a review of risk factors, please see our Form 10-K. And with that, I will turn the call over to our President and CEO, Dave Hager.
Scott Coody: Thanks, Jeff. We will now open the call to Q&A. Please limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. If you have further questions, you can re-prompt as time permits. With that, operator, we will take our first question.
Scott Coody: Arun, this is Scott. At a high-level, obviously you hit on it right, the Delaware's going to deliver the most significant growth. Obviously, we highlighted in our operations report as well that the STACK will be a contributor to that growth as well from an oil perspective. It's a bit too early for us to give any sort of firm guide with regard to the Eagle Ford. We're still working with our partner, BP, on that particular budget and that should come out here early next year. And Rockies, you'll see growth in the Rockies as well, especially as we start to ramp up activity level that Dave talked about and Tony have talked about in their portions of the script. So you'll probably see that start kicking in around the midyear timeframe. But with regards to the specific targets beyond what we've put out for the STACK and Delaware, we'll firm up that guidance here in our Q4 call and with what we typically do, which would not only be capital for each asset but also the amount of wells we plan to bring online that supports that growth profile.
Scott Coody: Doug, this is Scott. Obviously we'll firm up some of those targets as we head into our Q4 reporting for you. What I can tell you, obviously, is that directionally from just the cadence of the growth throughout 2019 you can expect a pretty steady ramp-up throughout the year. Won't give you necessarily any proportions there, but it's a pretty consistent stairstep each quarter as you go through 2019, a very healthy profile. But with regards to any sort of specific targets beyond what we've provided today, we're still in the process of refining well selection and activity plans and we'll provide a more holistic update here on our Q4 call.
Scott Coody: And hey, Brian, this is Scott. Just to provide a few figures to that, with regards to our LOE in the Delaware, we've been running anywhere from $7.00 to $8.00 probably, $7.50 to $8.00 this year, and so certainly we'll take a step change down next year. And as Tony talked about in his remarks, it could be upwards of 10% to 15% lower when you look to 2019. So certainly margins will continue to expand in that high-quality play.
Scott Coody: I show we're at the top of the hour. I appreciate everyone's interest in Devon, and if we didn't get to your question today, please don't hesitate to reach out to the Investor Relations team, which consists of myself and Chris Carr. Have a good day.
Jeffrey L. Ritenour: Thanks, Tony. I'd like to spend my time today discussing a few key financial highlights for the quarter. On slide 8, a great place to start is with NGL prices, which were a key driver of our revenue growth in the quarter. Devon is one of the largest producers of NGLs in the U.S., and with NGL pricing nearly doubling as compared to the same period a year ago, we are able to capitalize on this pricing tailwind through our secured flow assurance and access to the premium Mont Belvieu market. Approximately 98% of our volumes have access to Mont Belvieu, where waterborne access provides a structural pricing advantage compared to the landlocked Conway market in Kansas. Across our key NGL-producing regions, we have low fixed rates for transportation to the Gulf Coast, and we have contractually reserve fractionating capacity for our Y-grade barrels. In fact, we currently have excess fractionating capacity secured that supports our growth plans through the end of the decade. In addition to the stronger revenue stream, our quarterly results were also enhanced with excellent capital discipline. In the third quarter, our capital spending came in at 9% below the midpoint guidance point. This investment was completely funded within operating cash flow, and we generated free cash flow in excess of our investments of $249 million in the quarter. Combined with the proceeds from minor noncore asset sales that closed during the quarter, our total excess cash inflows exceeded $300 million in Q3. Moving to slide 9, I would now like to provide an update on the initiatives underway at Devon to strategically deploy the excess cash inflows we have generated year to date. I'll begin with our $4 billion share repurchase program, which at current prices, represents about 20% of Devon's outstanding common stock. As of today, we have repurchased approximately 67 million shares at a total cost of $2.7 billion. We now expect to complete our $4 billion share buyback program during the first quarter of 2019. In addition to our share repurchase activity, we are also returning cash to shareholders with growth in our quarterly dividend payment. Earlier this year, we raised our dividend by 33%, and with continued growth in our operating cash flow, owners of Devon can expect both a sustainable and growing dividend over time. And finally, I'd like to highlight the significant progress we made strengthening our investment-grade financial position. Year to date with the retirement of upstream debt, along with the sale of our interest in EnLink, we have reduced Devon's consolidated debt by more than 40% to $6 billion. Additionally, we expect to further reduce our leverage over the next months with the retirement of an incremental $257 million of maturing debt. With strip prices where they are today, we are within our targeted net debt to EBITDA ratio of 1 to 1.5 times and expect this ratio to trend lower as we execute on our multiyear plan. So in summary, we have made significant progress executing the disciplined financial strategy associated with our multiyear business plan. Looking to 2019 and even into the next decade, we will continue to prioritize the return of cash to our shareholders along with evaluating opportunities to further strengthen our investment-grade financial position. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Scott for Q&A.
Jeffrey L. Ritenour: Hey, Phillips. This is Jeff. Yeah, of course we think of all those things, as Dave talked about, as we evaluate these assets for potential monetization and acceleration of the value proposition. Clearly to the extent that we can, we look to monetize assets at multiples that are above our current valuation, but as you know, there's a lot of complexities and factors that we think through and discuss with our Board, especially on an asset like that, how strategic that is to our broader portfolio.
Jeffrey L. Ritenour: Yeah, this is Jeff. No, as Dave said in his opening comments, that's absolutely our expectation. As we generate additional free cash flow in 2019 and beyond, number one, we're always going to make sure the balance sheet is in a spot that we feel comfortable about. We're good there. We feel really good about the targets that we've hit from a financial position. Our next look is obviously to talk about the dividend growth with our board, which we do each year. And then beyond that, it's more share repurchase, so we'll look again to go back to our board for additional authorization beyond the $4 billion we've already done to utilize that cash for return to shareholders.
David A. Hager: Hi, Subash. Let me try to remember all those. But I think, first, on the noncore – this is Dave. On the noncore divestments, you can look at slide 10 of the operations report that gives you more detail on that. But we still have two data rooms open, the CO2 plugs up in the Rockies and then in the Central Basin platform, our production up on the Central Basin arch of the Permian Basin. So those data rooms are both open; you can see the scale of those divestments. We have on the floods in the Midland Basin, we have made a decision to divest the operated portion of that and to retain the non-operated portion at this point based on valuations that we received for those assets. So that process is essentially concluded. But that's the remaining asset. Those two assets are the ones that will reach the $5 billion target. Secondly, in regard to, and maybe Canada, I'm trying remember the third one here, question. In regard to Canada, obviously – I'm sorry. Go ahead, Subash.
David A. Hager: Oh, BP. BP, yeah. Let me cover that one first. And we have had some very constructive conversations with BP early on. No firm commitments at this point, but we think it is very likely that we'll be moving to a third rig in the Eagle Ford, and I can tell you that all the conversation we've had so far have been constructive and positive, and we look forward to working with them on that position. So really all good news from that front. On Canada, obviously that was an attractive valuation, I think, that Husky made for MEG. I think you better obviously talk to them on the basis of that valuation and why they made that offer and what made that offer unique for MEG and why they're uniquely interested in the MEG assets, but obviously we think that is a marker that shows the long-term value of the assets that we have up there. So I think it was an interesting number, and it shows the value we have.
David A. Hager: As you say, Arun, the biggest driver of the U.S. oil growth is going to be the Delaware Basin. Now, I do want to make clear that we do have some growth expectations in there for STACK oil in 2019 as we now feel we have understanding much better of what the optimized spacing is, and our oil growth that we have built into our 2019 projection for STACK is based on (24:18) new optimized spacing of four to eight wells per drilling spacing unit.
David A. Hager: And I'm going to let our real expert here in the room do that, Arun, as Kevin Lafferty's in charge of our marketing efforts.
David A. Hager: Great. And Doug, I'm going to have Rick Gideon, Rick, answer that. Rick's our Senior Vice President in charge of the Delaware so he can give you the best detail on that.
David A. Hager: Well, yeah. Kevin can talk about it, but I mean the bottom line is here that we have everything in place to execute the program. But Kevin can talk to you a little bit more about the gas takeaway and processing, et cetera.
David A. Hager: And of course, beyond that, we have one of the most extensive water handling infrastructures in southeast New Mexico. And the permits are in place, essentially.
David A. Hager: Well, I can tell you, we have an active discussion about Canada and every other asset in our portfolio at the board level on an ongoing basis. And the one thing that – we'll say there's some positive attributes to the Canadian position. We obviously have one of the premier positions in the SAGD and our Canadian team has done an outstanding job operating that asset through the years. And it certainly is the type of asset that in a normalized differential environment can provide the type of free cash flow each year that would be very helpful in a portfolio to offset the higher-decline, unconventional business. Now we obviously recognize that we are not in that environment right now with the high differentials that we are. And that's certainly – we have an active discussion on this asset relative to that. We understand, but it is a reality right now that it is one of the more challenged times to even think about monetizing that asset because of the very large differentials that we're currently encountering. So it is a discussion. I think there's been – if you look at the company historically, we've done about $30 billion worth of transactions over the last 10 years. So I don't think there's a lack of willingness in general to do what we consider is in the right interest of the company. It's just a matter of what truly is the right interest of the company given what the asset position is, what the market for the assets are, et cetera, and just making sure we're make the right decision.
David A. Hager: Well, I think that gets into the details of the transaction, but obviously we're, longer term, interested in returning value to our shareholders. And so we have to think about, if we took stock, how could we turn that into value for our shareholders.
David A. Hager: We fundamentally believe that a consistent capital program are one of the keys to driving high returns on our capital program. So we do not foresee significant changes to the capital program, either higher or lower, unless we have the tremendous surprise, certainly more on the lower side than the higher side. And of course the one thing that we're monitoring very closely in regard to that is Canadian differentials and then what impact that may have on the cash flow for the company. But I do not anticipate us raising our capital program if prices are significantly higher. As we said in the prepared remarks, we think it's more important to have a consistent program. We'll deliver the highest return and cash flow above that would be directed towards return to the shareholders either through share repurchases, most likely through share repurchases and then through time through an increasing dividend.
David A. Hager: Without going through a lot of detail, of course as we sit here today, we're nearly halfway through the fourth quarter, and so you can imagine we've brought online nearly half of the wells we planned to in the fourth quarter, and so there is some basis in fact based on the production data that we've seen to date with the wells that we brought on based on these four to eight wells. It's still early production data, but based on that data that we're very confident that we're delivering what we're talking about.
David A. Hager: Yeah, and I'm sure Wade will cover this, but I'll help him out a little bit here to start too. So remember the geology changes as you move across the STACK, too. So what is the optimum zone to drill and complete in as you move across the Meramec isn't necessarily the same across the entire play. So that's part of the answer to it. And Wade, you can go from there.
David A. Hager: It's based on the reservoir is the answer, which obviously, you don't have all the data to see why we make those calls. But that's the bottom line is what reservoirs are developed where.
David A. Hager: Well, I'll let Tony talk to about this in greater detail. But this is, philosophically speaking, and this is going to vary from area to area, the parent-child issues that we're talking about here in the STACK play are not unique to the STACK. They are going to be present, and they have been seen in every unconventional play to one degree or another. And what has happened here is we've reached a – from an aerial extent, it's not as large as some of the other plays. And so you've been seeing historically a lot more parent well results from, for instance, in the Permian Basin, and you haven't reached the degree of maturity in these other basins that you have in the STACK. And so we are – now it also depends, and the degree to which it applies depends on the reservoir properties. So it's not equally applicable in every play. But the basic phenomenon is certainly there and is something that we are transferring these learnings immediately to all of other plays. Tony, you have a lot more detail than I do on that. But I think it's a very relevant question, not only for Devon, but for the entire industry.
David A. Hager: Well, when we looked at our – about a year ago, we talked about a capital program based on a $50 oil and $3 natural gas price and that we wanted to have a steady program based on that. So when you look at – and built into that though was the fact that we were going to be building our cash flow as we continue to grow our light oil, high margin production. Even in that flat $50 oil, $3 price deck, we had a little bit higher capital in 2019 than we had 2018, higher in 2020 than 2019, et cetera. And that's where we are today. So when we look at it, we have really – the 2019 program that we have laid out really is consistent with what we thought we were going to do in 2019 a year ago. And that again goes along with our philosophy that we think that we produce the highest returns when we have consistent plans relative to capital. Now, what the actual cash flow is for the company obviously is subject to current pricing, differentials, et cetera. But when you look at how we think about capital, it has not changed.
Wade Hutchings: So I think at a high level what I would note is the flowback strategy we used on the Showboat program looked very similar to what we'd done on past wells. We concluded that we may have been a little bit too aggressive on it. But we tested on Bernhardt and Horsefly just a bit more measured flowback approach. The early indications from that are, is that it (21:57) oil decline rates, broadly looks positive in terms of an operational (22:05). You'll us continue to optimize that as we move (22:08-22:12).
Wade Hutchings: Bob, this is Wade Hutchings. I'll take that one. First, let me clarify for you that the Coyote area there on the northwest side of the play, really a very unique reservoir. It's actually the lowest Meramec zone. As you've saw quarter over quarter, we've saw really strong well performance out of all the wells we've put in there. We like that area a lot, but our primary focus has been on the core of the play in the volatile oil window, Showboat and South, if you will. And the reservoirs there are actually different targets than what we're seeing at Coyote. So we broadly are seeing EUR and even IP degradation in infill mode. That's clear. We're not ready to give a new type curve today because the wells that we have coming online in the fourth quarter are really critical for us to narrow down what this new four to eight well per section well expectation will be. We of course have an internal model that we're tracking against. The early results we're seeing here in the first part of the fourth quarter are encouraging. They're essentially confirming that our approach at this lighter density spacing is working. I think if I just step back a little more broadly and indicate with Bernhardt and Horsefly, those two projects confirmed a lot of what we already saw at Showboat. And so just to remind you of that again, Upper Meramec performance much stronger than Lower; the impact of parent wells is important, and so being able to space the wells commensurate with where the parents are is critical. And then lastly, we've saw more communication between the upper and lower targets than we expected. So as we move forward with the programs that are going to come online in the fourth quarter and into next year, you'll see us essentially do three key things. What we're doing is focusing most of the wells in the Upper Meramec. As Tony noted, over 75% of the wells in the forward, say six- to nine-month program will be Upper Meramec. The second thing we're doing is we're adjusting the spacing for the parent wells in a way that we're trying to mitigate their impact. And then, lastly, we're driving our stimulations to a much more tailored, limited entry approach that really is fit-for-purpose for every reservoir target we're landing in. We're confident that that's going to give us results that come back closer to that original type curve expectation. And the last key point is, as we've driven the per-well costs lower, we're able to maintain the capital efficiency and rates of return that we expected as we moved into infill mode.
Wade Hutchings: Ryan, this is Wade. I think a couple of pieces of context for you. The first order of control on our performance here is getting the well spacing right. And so all the tests we've been doing, all work we've been monitoring from industry results have been geared around getting that right. And you're now seeing us narrow in on what really is reverting back to our base case well spacing of four to eight wells per section. That's the most important thing for us to get right. We're now quite confident that we've got that band identified. In terms of expectations for next year, certainly baked into all the guidance you've saw come out is a revised view of what that lower density well spacing will yield. We're not going to reveal any new details of the type curve yet. That'll come early next year as we get these fourth quarter wells under our belt. I would say broadly, though, we are expecting strong performance out of these future programs, certainly stronger than what you've saw so far out of our higher density well programs. And so that's what we're going to be tracking internally on both IP, EUR and even oil cut. But I think the key is we're confident based on wells that we already have in the ground and producing that when you space these properly, when you offset them from the parent wells and you stimulate them in a targeted way, that we'll get strong results. I think from a capital side, that was part of your question as well, you'd certainly look to the results that we've delivered on Bernhardt and Horsefly as good guides for the ballpark we're aiming for next year in our infill Meramec programs.
Wade Hutchings: Yeah, thank you, Dave. That's absolutely true. I think to limit the complexity of my answer I'll just focus on the core volatile oil sweet spot of the play. There still are literally three or four landing zones that we evaluate for every one of those DSUs. One of the key things, though, that we've learned from our early infill pilots is that those zones are communicating, certainly upon fracture stimulation, and it also appears communicating on a pressure basis during production. So now, we really are looking at that Meramec interval as one reservoir compartment, and that's really influencing how we are moving forward to develop it. Now specifically, you've already heard us note that the Upper Meramec has generally had much better well performance than the Lower, particularly as we've moved into infill mode. And so we will bias over three-quarters of the wells to the Upper. But where we see a viable Lower Meramec target, we will, on a case-by-case basis, put one or two wells in that in a DSU. And so, yes, you're generally correct. Getting up near the high end of that four to eight-well spacing likely means that we would spread the wells across two zones. The lower end of that spacing is much more likely to be focused just on the Upper Meramec.
Wade Hutchings: Yeah, and I think the last thing I would add to that, Charles, is we are also customizing the simulation approach on a well-by-well basis, depending on if it's an Upper Meramec or a Lower Meramec well, depending on what the parent well conditions are in that particular interval. And so we're literally taking every bit of data that we've collected over the last several years and optimizing stimulations on well-by-well basis.
Kevin D. Lafferty: Good morning, Arun. This is Kevin. First of all, on the capacity comment that we have going to the Gulf Coast, and we have previously talked about this, but we have about 10% of our blended barrels that we have firm capacity, and it's on the Enbridge system, and when they had the open season several years ago on the Flanagan South piece of that. So we are able to move those barrels all the way down to Houston, and that's been a part of our portfolio here for several years now. On the rail side, what we're trying to do here, really, the big picture is we're taking a portfolio approach. This is no different than how we have used the Delaware or the Mid-Con or any of our assets with every single product. So we use a combination of local sales, sales to other people that have firm, financial hedging, export, et cetera. So we're aggressively trying to find rail solutions. And the complexity of it is that it requires transportation of your barrels to a terminal; you need have tankage to be able to load into the railcars or the unit trains; sales, of course on the other end; and then putting all those pieces together to get this to move. But we see rail being a part of our portfolio for several years to come and really to bridge and derisk any mitigation of Keystone XL or Trans Mountain expansion in the future.
Kevin D. Lafferty: Dave's absolutely right. On slide 13 in the upper right, this is where we lay out a lot of the things that we've done we talked about previously, especially on oil. And so we feel really good about that with all the incremental pipes coming online from Cactus to you name it over the next couple of years. On the NGL side, we also feel very comfortable even with the EPIC conversion, we think there's plenty of NGL capacity, and we have access, not just getting out of the basin but also to Mont Belvieu, as Jeff had previously described. And on the gas side, even though we don't have firm, we still feel confident and comfortable that we have local sales and sales into the Western Coast going to the SoCal type of markets with people that have firm, and they're actively allowing us and telling us that they have room for growth for our 2019 plans. So we feel good about every single product, and we'll be able to get it out and get values as best we can throughout 2019 and beyond.
Kevin D. Lafferty: Hi, Paul. This is Kevin. First of all, in the Rockies, we feel really good just similarly to our other assets that we have ample takeaway and in fact, want to highlight on the Rockies page on our ops report that we have contracted our oil price even though recently it's blown out similar to the Bakken, we have contracted at really good numbers and protected our price there through our contract. So we feel good about gas, gas processing, takeaway, NGLs, the entire product mix up in the Rockies. Moving to the Mid-Con, we do have a lot of gas in Oklahoma, and that is something that we have operated here for a long period of time, and we know all the markets and the players and the Midship Pipeline with Cheniere that comes online here in 2019 will provide a lot of relief. So we are working the markets aggressively to make sure that we use our firm sales and every other avenue to clear the Mid-Con. Moving over to oil in the Mid-Con, we have access to the Gulf Coast via our Marketlink transportation capacity, and we have ample access and availability for NGLs as well. So again, all of our areas we feel very comfortable and convicted that we have plenty of room for takeaway and pricing for every single product in every basin.
