Scott Coody: Good morning, and thank you to everyone for joining us on the call. Last night, we issued an earnings release and presentation that cover our results for the year and our forward-looking outlook for Devon in 2021. Throughout the call today, we'll make references to our earnings presentation to support our prepared remarks, and these slides can be found on our website.  Also joining me on the call today are Rick Muncrief, our President and CEO; Clay Gaspar, our Chief Operating Officer; Jeff Ritenour, our Chief Financial Officer; and a few other members of our senior management team, including Dave Hager, our Executive Chairman.  Comments today will include plans, forecasts and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. Securities law. These comments are subject to assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements. Please take note of the cautionary language and risk factors provided in our SEC filings and earnings materials.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick.
Scott Coody: Thanks, Rick. We'll now open the call to Q&A. [Operator Instructions]. With that, operator, we'll take our first question.
Scott Coody: All right. Well, I see that we're at the top of the hour. I appreciate everyone's interest in Devon today. And if you have any further questions, please don't hesitate to reach out to a member of the Investor Relations team at any time. Have a good day.
Richard Muncrief: Thanks, Jeff. Nice job. We have covered a lot of good information today, and I'd like to reiterate a few key points. Number one, this transformative merger creates a leading U.S. energy company that possesses arguably the best value proposition in the entire E&P space.  Number two, the power of our portfolio is evident with our outstanding fourth quarter operating and financial results. Number three, the momentum that our business has established is resulting in an improved operational and financial outlook for 2021. Number four, our business is scaled to generate substantial amounts of free cash flow, and we are proud to reward shareholders with an industry-first variable dividend.  And lastly, number five, we are committed to delivering top-tier ESG performance. And we expect to establish quantitative targets for our environmental priorities later this year.  And with that, I'll now turn the call back over to Scott for Q&A.
Richard Muncrief: Yes. It's a great question. I think at the end of the day, when we sit down and we look at the pro forma results for the fourth quarter, both legacy companies were so strong. We added so much cash to the balance sheet. We felt like it was a perfect opportunity to get out ahead and say exactly what we -- do exactly what we said we would do, and that's implement this variable dividend in 2021.  Now we talked to the Board level. We felt now is a great time to do it. And we wanted to make it substantial enough that it showed our leadership and showed our focus on getting cash back to shareholders, as you well know, which has been one of the -- one of the things that our industry has had pushback from. So we thought it was a great opportunity to show leadership. And so we quickly move that way.
Richard Muncrief: No. I think those sort of boxes are checked. I think you have it captured well. And Brian, we are going to be very disciplined. I know that we're all excited about the strengthening commodity price, but we're not back on demand where we need to be. And I think you see that in the strip. We're in the upper 50s on WTI today, but you lose about $10 a barrel over the next 2 to 3 years. So I think we just need to keep that in perspective. And we will keep that in perspective, and we'll stay disciplined.
Richard Muncrief: Doug, one thing I'd say also is the, if I might add, is just the diversity we have throughout our portfolio. Not only are we just over 50% crude oil, but we have a strong leverage to natural gas and natural gas liquids. And so when we talk about diversified, not only is it just a multi-basin opportunity, but it's also a multi-commodity issue. And I want to make sure that we cover -- get that covered.
Richard Muncrief: Okay. I think there's always going to be the things where we try to lower that breakeven, Doug. And so we have -- I want you to know, we've got a very focused team here and creative team. And I do think there's some upside to that breakeven down in the upper 20s.
Richard Muncrief: Sure. I would say that, as Clay mentioned, we are just now getting our teams together and having some real meaty discussions about future opportunities over and above what we've laid out from the synergies. Let's -- in the merger.  I will say, go down the list there, with DAPL, we feel that as you recall, we had -- made sure that we would not be impeded in any way. We did take out a 1-year rail agreement to handle some of the smaller percentage of the total volumes that we have up in the Williston. That's -- that gives us an added protection.  I do think that there is probably more upside. I think the market is priced down -- mostly downside, and I think that that's somewhat overbaked. I think that when you really think about the efficiency of DAPL getting the crude oil to the markets in a very efficient way, very safe way, very environmentally friendly way, I tend to believe that the new administration will see it the same way. So we'll see it all plays out.  As far as some of the other things, I can tell you that flaring is something that -- we'll touch on that for just a moment. We continue to try to drive down flaring even more. I think that the legacy Devon had done a good job with WPX. We were a little bit more challenged, quite honestly, up in the Bakken, but we've made some great progress there.  You'll see that some of the incremental midstream dollars we plan to spend this year, a direct result some of the phenomenal results we saw in the Stateline area. And what we saw, the reality was we started bumping up against some of our systems' capabilities. And if you didn't watch it, you'd end up flaring more. We don't want to do that. And so we're getting out ahead of that.  But Nitin, I think what you'll see, certainly, Clay and his teams are going to be very, very focused on what you're bringing up. You'll hear more of that as we go throughout the future. But it's something that's very, very important to us.
Richard Muncrief: Nitin, that's something that we actually -- our senior leadership team, had our first combined strategy session, where we thought about just those opportunities. And a bit more to come on that, but it's something that we're spending quite a bit of time evaluating the true opportunities, the true threats around the energy transition that we hear a lot about.  So we want to be thoughtful. We want to be very good stewards of our capital that we have, the cash flows that we have. And -- but I think that's something you'll hear us -- more dialogue from our team as we go forward. We are going to be very thoughtful in our approach.
Richard Muncrief: Neal, this is Rick. As you recall, we did have some questions about why -- when capital was tied, we want to lead in on that $100 million investment. And I think it just played into our strategy of getting out ahead of potential challenges you may have in the future.  So that's something you'll continue to see us do. We're -- we expect to be questioned sometimes on a little more clarity on some of the capital. But we think we've established a pretty good track record of being very prudent with our capital spending.
Clay Gaspar: Yes, Arun, I'll answer your 2.b -- 2b question. You want to conform to the one question, one follow-up, I'll give you that. So hey, let me address. I'll throw put on a part C as well, because I think there's a question around the cadence of capital and the cadence of production.  So capital first. We have some activity rolling in from 2020 that will -- we just have more activity going on in the first quarter of 2021. And so what we articulated is about a 30% of the capital for '21 will be spent in the first quarter. We caution that even though we're not giving first quarter guidance in earnest, we want to make sure that's in your model so that we don't surprise anybody. We just have more activity in that first quarter.  Now I would say, beyond that, second through fourth, it's pretty consistent. We get to the run rate, a steady-state activity, and it's pretty consistent from there. Interestingly, production is almost like an inverse.  First quarter, we've got a couple of things happening. Remember, we only have a partial quarter for the WPX production. Don't forget that. And then secondly, this weather impact will hit us in the first quarter. We don't have a good number on that yet. But both of those things will weigh on the first quarter total production numbers.  Now beyond the first quarter, and when you think about the full year guidance, second through fourth are pretty steady state, once again. So we're going to have some disruption in the first quarter. We'll tell you a little bit more about that in the coming weeks. But I would say second through fourth, beyond that, we're pretty much in a steady-state environment.
Clay Gaspar: I think that was well said. The only thing I would add, Rick, is I think it's our job to be nimble and proactive when it comes to whatever storms are ahead of us that's weather-related, political-related, however it is. And so I think the work, specifically on the Devon legacy side to get ahead of this storm, is a perfect example of that.  We can only speak to what we know today. We have a 60-day pause in leasing. We have responded very well. I can tell you from that perspective, we're in really good shape. And I can tell you, we are ready to roll with the punches on whatever comes our way. I mean, we have a -- I think back to Phillips Brooks, the 17th century scholar, we don't pray for lighter load, we pay -- excuse me, pray for a stronger back. That's kind of the job that we're in. So keep rolling.
Clay Gaspar: Sure. The inventory. Yes, Doug, I think the -- as we think about the inventory and how we're investing today, I feel very confident in our ability to run in perpetuity in the Delaware Basin. We talk about a certain amount of high-quality inventory. And I think, rightfully so, the investors only have a certain view of how far they can go out.  What I want to articulate is that we feel very confident in that solid next decade of opportunity. And also know that we're continuing to refine those opportunities for years 11, 12 and beyond.  This is the basin that keeps on giving. This past quarter, some of the splashiest, most exciting news was around the Second Bone on the Stateline side. And I can tell you, that's just -- that has been something that we've been evolving over the last couple of years. It's not fully baked into our forward look.  But I can tell you, just the upside associated with that is tremendous. I'm fully confident on the North side, the same opportunity holds as we move a little bit down structure into the Wolfcamp opportunities.  As we talk about other basins, Doug, I know you're -- there's a lot of people new to the WPX side of the story again, but we've never shied away from the fact that we have a quantifiable amount of inventory in the Williston Basin. It has been a tremendous asset for WPX, a huge amount of our growth high, high-quality operations and results. But at end of the day, we're going to run one rig because, for a reason, we have only so much inventory remaining.  Now what happens with that asset and what happens with the other assets, it is way too early for us to tell. I'm really excited about some of the real exciting things, basins that I'm kind of looking at for the first time in a few years and kind of some of the opportunities there. So we'll see how we can roll it out over the coming quarters on more information there.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Thanks for the question, Jeanine. As I think about the synergies, some of the things I'm most excited about is just we are just now blending teams. I mean this week, we are finalizing a lot of the organizational structure, and these teams really have yet to kind of sit around even the virtual table together, look each other in the virtual eyes and say, okay, how do we share these best practices.  Some of the observations from the folks that have been working and on -- really on task, I would say some of the application of the WPX completion techniques and efficiencies are very applicable to the Devon side of the house. And I think some of the casing design, drilling efficiencies on the Devon side of the house are very applicable to the south side of the border.  And so there are some immediate things that you have to try, you have to work through these. But there's things we're experimenting with in real time. I think on the supply chain side of the organization, I would characterize Devon as exceptionally good at understanding contracting strategy and have done some really innovative things around the contracts in the business side of supply chain.  I would say on the WPX side, the engineering side of the house has done a good job of understanding those contracts and bringing out the most appropriate value. And as you can see, those two things coming together will really materialize into additional value. So I'm excited about the D&C, the capital synergies that we have ahead of us. I'm also excited, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, about some of the things that are kind of more annuitized payments like LOE and GP&T. We're starting to see some early wins there. We're a long way down the road on some of the G&A savings.  And of course, we've talked about those being fully baked in, really starting early '22. But you'll see a lot of that manifest during the course of '21. So really excited about where we're going, and we're just getting started.
Clay Gaspar: Thanks for the question, Brian. Yes. Certainly, all of these things are dependent on the macro environment: well cost, service cost environment, commodity price certainly plays into the overall economic decision. And that's how we make these final decisions, is how do we generate the most dollar to the bottom line.  I think it's broader. As I think about what we call Monument Draw, the Felix assets, it's broader than just a more aggressive flowback. I think we tend to use a little bit of terminology that's kind of easy to convey in these calls, but it's bigger than that. We have a little different completion strategy. Spacing is incredibly important. And then also, how do we manage the facilities and the ability to flow back more aggressively?  If you might recall from the Felix acquisition a year ago, we were very open to understanding their slower back strategy in how that creates incremental value. But we are also very clear, we're going to explore different options on all of these techniques to really kind of get to what is the best of.  We were slowed down during 2020, as you can imagine, with the slowdown in activity. And so we've had a delayed response to the first of some of these trials. Now what I'm saying is that we are seeing incremental gains, both on the cost side of the equation and the productivity side of the equation that are yielding much better returns. And this is still very early.  So if I think about absolute returns today, Monument Draw versus Stateline, Stateline's ahead. But the trajectory for Monument Draw is very, very favorable. And what I said in my prepared remarks is I fully expect it to compete head-to-head with the best of in our Delaware Basin portfolio. So really excited about the direction we're added there and the work that the team's done, boots on the ground.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Again, all of that comes into play. How you design your facilities maybe for efficiency, maybe you need to scale them up, maybe you can combine with multiple wells on a pad. Those are all things. I mean, even direct flowback, straight bypassing tanks into the markets, into the oil lines, the gas lines and to the water disposal. Those are all things that we're exploring right now to bring out those dollars, both from the capital side. And of course, you don't want to give up on the productivity side. And so we're very cognizant of that at the same time.
Clay Gaspar: Yes, Paul, I'll take your second question in regards to Powder River. What I could tell you is I've personally worked the Powder, worked at Eagle Ford, worked the Anadarko Basin over the years. And what I'm very strongly trying to do with a lot of discipline is not let my view from 10 or 15 or 20 years ago kind of overshadow what's the current state of what's going on.  What we have right now is such an incredible opportunity. We're going to have fresh eyes on all of these assets. And so to really take a fresh look at what's the opportunity ahead, how do we fund that, how do we maximize the value to shareholders with this incredible footprint, and know that we're a 0% to 5% growth company, we are cash flow generators, and that is kind of the overall structure and drive of the organization.  So I would say it's a little early. My views are a little bit dated. And that team, I think, has a lot of opportunity ahead. And the doors are wide open to whatever we see as the most viable economics for our disciplined capital allocation program.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Neal, I'll reference back to my comments on -- to Paul on the last question. it's hard to predict 2 to 3 years from now. I don't want to let my bias coming in. I understand the south side of the acreage a lot better than I do the north side of the acreage.  We have fresh sets of eyes on the north side. On the south side, we have teams that are that are working together to share those best practices. And the big message for the investors is we have lots of flexibility. I fully expect, as we've articulated, the initial guidance would be 80% of our capital, relatively equally split north side of the border, south side of the border.  I would wager that by the end of the year, we will see differential economic opportunities, either drawing money to the north or to the south, that will influence that. But I just can't tell you today, which one of those economic opportunities are going to prevail.  And I think it'd be presumptive on my part to do so. So I look forward to the team's diving in. We've got a lot of flexibility, a lot of optionality, and we will make the most of that without prior prejudice. So thanks for the question.
Clay Gaspar: Yes, Neal, what you're talking about is our surface acreage acquisition, it was a $100 million deal a couple of years ago when we basically bought a significant chunk of land under our most viable subsurface acreage. And the logic there was we wanted to make sure to preserve our optionality to fully develop this asset.  We could see a third-party coming in and just kind of squeezing us from a surface side. This is such a beautiful, contiguous operation from roads, from pipes, from electrical infrastructure. And then whatever -- however we decide to leverage that go forward, I can tell you that $100 million investment has paid out in spades.  And we have really been pleased with that -- I can't say that too many more of those opportunities exist. Stateline is a pretty unique 50,000 to 60,000 acre big continuous block. And so that was a pretty unique situation. But where those one-off opportunities, we'll continue to present and we'll evaluate and remain good stewards of the shareholders' investment.
