Scott Coody: Good morning, and thank you to everyone for joining us on the call today. Last night, we issued an earnings release and presentation that cover our results for the third quarter and updated outlook for the reminder of the year. Throughout the call today, we will make references to our earnings presentation to support our prepared remarks, and these slides can be found on our website at devonenergy.com. Also joining me on the call today are Dave Hager, our President and CEO; David Harris, our Executive Vice President of Exploration and Production; Jeff Ritenour, our Chief Financial Officer; and a few other members of our senior management team. Comments on the call today will include plans, forecasts and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. Securities law. These comments are subject to assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements. Please take note of the cautionary language and the risk factors provided in our SEC filings and earnings materials. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Dave.
Scott Coody: Thanks, Jeff. We will now open the call to Q&A. [Operator Instructions] With that operator, we’ll take our first question.
Scott Coody: Well, it looks like we’ve gotten through our question queue. We appreciate everyone’s interest in Devon today. And if you have any further questions, please do not hesitate to reach out investor relations team at any time. Have a good day. Thank you.
Jeff Ritenour: Thanks, David. My comments today will be focused on a brief review of our financial results for the quarter and the next steps in the execution of our financial strategy. A good place to start today is by reviewing our financial performance in the quarter where Devon’s earnings and cash flow per share comfortably exceeded consensus estimates. Operating cash flow for the third quarter totaled $427 million, a rebound of nearly 200% compared to last quarter. This level of cash flow fully funded our capital spending requirements and generated $223 million cash flow in the quarter. At the end of September, Devon had $4.9 billion of liquidity, consisting of $1.9 billion of cash on hand, and $3 billion of undrawn capacity on our unsecured credit facility. Subsequent to quarter end on October 1, our liquidity was further bolstered by the closing of our Barnett Shale divestiture. For those of you not familiar with the transaction, we agreed to sell our Barnett Shale assets for up to $830 million of total proceeds, consisting of $570 million in cash and contingent payments of up to $260 million. After adjusting for purchase price adjustments, which includes $170 million deposit we received in April and accrued cash flow from the effective date, we received a net cash payment at closing of $320 million. In conjunction with the closing of this transaction, we returned a portion of the proceeds to shareholders by way of a $100 million special dividend. This special dividend was paid on October 1 in the amount of $0.26 per share. With the excess cash inflows, our business is on track to generate in 2020. We expect our cash balances to exceed $2 billion by year end. The top priority for the large amount of cash we have accumulated is the repayment of up to $1.5 billion of outstanding debt between Devon and WPX. This debt reduction plan will provide a nice uplift to the go-forward company’s cash flow resulting in interest savings of approximately $75 million on an annual run rate basis. We expect to execute our debt reduction plan throughout 2021 with completion by year end. We’ll be mindful of macroeconomic conditions and remain flexible with how we execute the repurchases, which may include both open market transactions and tender offers. Should commodity prices to deteriorate from current levels, we’ll prioritize liquidity and defer debt repurchases to a more appropriate time. Longer-term, it is our fundamental belief that a successful E&P company must maintain extremely low levels of leverage, in accordance with this belief, we’ll continue to manage towards our stated leverage target of around one times net debt to EBITDA. Turning your attention to Slide 14 with our business scale to consistently generate free cash flow, another key financial priority for Devon is to further accelerate the return of cash to shareholders through higher dividends. However, we believe the traditional dividend growth model deployed by most U.S.-based companies is flawed when applied to a commodities business. The historical practice in industry of raising the fixed quarterly dividend and times of prosperity and cutting the dividend or under investing in the core business during down cycles is not an optimal solution. With these specific challenges in mind, we’re implementing an industry first fixed plus variable dividend framework to optimize the return of cash to shareholders through the cycle. This progressive dividend strategy is uniquely designed for our inherently volatile business, whereby a sustainable fixed dividend is paid every quarter and a supplemental variable dividend is also calculated and reviewed each quarter. More specifically, upon closing of our merger with WPX, Devon’s fixed quarterly dividend will remain unchanged and paid quarterly at a rate of $0.11 per share with a target payout of approximately 10% of operating cash flow, assuming mid-cycle pricing. In addition to the fixed quarterly dividend up to 50% of the excess free cash flow in a given quarter will be distributed to shareholders through the supplemental variable dividend, if certain liquidity, leverage and forward-looking price criteria are met. In conjunction, with this more flexible dividend payout strategy, we will also utilize a portion of the combined companies’ excess free cash flow to further improve our balance sheet and evaluate opportunistic share repurchases. With that, I’ll turn the call back over to Scott for Q&A.
Jeff Ritenour: This is Jeff. To be honest, I don’t have a lot of specific details around any changes that the Biden administration is planning or as talked about, certainly to the extent that IDC were to be limited or changed in some way that would be impactful, certainly to our financial results and the taxable income that we would generate as a company. So that’s something, we’ll certainly, have to be on a watch for and be mindful of, but we don’t have any specific details at this point in time.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. That’s well said, Dave. But the short answer I would give you is we’re already there. So, we’ve got the cash balance. We feel like we have the strong balance sheet. And we’ve got a constructive view of the commodity price outlook that we highlighted in that step two on Slide 14. So obviously we’ve seen some weakness here in prices this week and that could certainly continue into next year. So we’ll be mindful of that. But as Dave said, in our minds with the combined company, we’re already in a position to where we can deliver cash returns to the shareholders via the fixed and the variable dividend along with accomplishing our debt reductio, target over time. So we feel like we’re there and in good shape.
Jeff Ritenour: No, Dave. I think you hit the high points. That’s exactly right. As the teams have gotten together again, it’s early days still for sure, but already started to think about specific areas across the organizations. And I think there’s no doubt in our mind that we’ve got a lot of momentum there and should see an increase to those synergies over time in most areas.
David Harris: No, you didn’t. I couldn’t have said it better myself. I think you’ve covered all the relevant points and agree with everything you said.
David Harris: Good morning, Brian, this is David Harris. Yes. As we’ve talked about in the past, if you – just starting with our year ends reserve report that we filed last year, if you look at those decline rates on a company-wide basis that put us in kind of a high-30s percent on an oil basis and in the low-30s on a BOE basis. As we move forward into this year and as we’ve been moderating capital, then combined with some of the fantastic work that the teams are doing from a base production perspective, which we continue to see outperform quarter-over-quarter. Our expectation is that on a company-wide basis, that oil rate would move from the high-30s to the low-30s and on a BOE basis down into the mid-20s.
David Harris: Derrick, this is David Harris. Thanks for your question. Yes, 650 permits that we have in hand contemplate our current development strategy around the zones that we’re the most focused on and that spacing as well as giving us some flexibility for some down spacing. To your question about the transition to 3 mile laterals. Just for your background, kind of the quick rule of thumb is, if you’ve got a drilling permit in hand and you make a change, if it doesn’t result in a different level of surface disturbance, you don’t need to get a new permit. You go through, what’s called a sundry process, which is a really quick and routine process that we have. We do these from time to time, when we tweak landing zones or bottom hole locations. And so that’s the process that we would go through as we look for opportunities to incorporate more extra long lateral development into the programs. And certainly with the – not just the results we’ve seen in Cobra but the results we’ve seen over the last couple of years across the portfolio, that’s something we’re actively looking at. We’ve drilled about 30 wells across the company that are 2.5 mile laterals or longer about half of those are in the Delaware, but importantly, we’ve drilled them in all three of our other assets as well. So we’re getting increasing revs there as Dave alluded to and increasing confidence in our ability to make that a meaningful part of the program go forward. And I think you’d expect to see probably a half dozen or so 3 mile wells in the Delaware next year, and upwards of 20%, 25% that our 2.5 mile laterals or longer. So we think this is going to be an important part of our development approach going forward. We think obviously as you saw from Cobra, a big capital efficiency pickup, as we successfully execute this.
David Harris: No, I think that’s exactly right. Jeff, you may have been referencing some of the acreage that’s further North in Eddy County that would be kind of Northwest of Potato Basin area. Some of that acreages is operated and our understanding is, is some of its non-operated. But that would certainly be a place as we think about acreage trades and other things that we’d be looking at potential for bringing some of this extra long lateral development approach today.
Dave Hager: Yes. Federal permits are issued with a two-year term and then you have the ability to extend them for an additional two years. So certainly, permits that are out would be out past that two year-term, would require us to go through the extension process. But a couple of things I’d point out to you there, we’ve never had an extension denied before. And it’s important to know that the permits are under lied by environmental assessment. That’s done as part of the permitting process and those environmental assessments are good for a period of five years. So the answer to your question is yes, but we don’t foresee many material impacts from that.
Dave Hager: Well, we’re still in the process of developing a – obviously, a combined 2021 capital program. We don’t have anything specific to leg out there. But obviously, in the Delaware basin, where we’re drilling the legacy Devon wells, we’re delivering best-in-class costs for these wells. Productivity that’s as good as is about anybody out there. And obviously, even get a little bit of advantage of a lower royalty rate on federal acreage as well. And so the economics on the Devon legacy activity are incredibly strong. Probably on average, I’d say even a little bit stronger than the WPX, but the WPX is extremely strong also. And that’s why we like it. But it’s hard to talk, what you can do right here in Lea and Eddy County. And so I’d see, we haven’t gotten – we haven’t developed any sort of combined budget, but it’s – they’re both highly economic areas, probably the overall edge on an average basis would probably go to the activity in Lea and Eddy County on the federal – on the Devon legacy, Devon acreage.
Dave Hager: Well. We have been highlighting improved performance on a cost per foot basis every quarter for the last couple of years. I mean, we just continue to find ways to step that down. And to your comment about hazarding, I guess, frankly, to points to levels that I’m not sure I would’ve thought, we could get to. And so I think a lot of what we’re doing here, there is a bit of service cost inflation in there. But I would tell you in my mind, probably three-fourths of the improvement that we’re making, here over the last quarter – in the last several quarters is efficiency driven. And so we believe that’s going to be more structural. So we absolutely believe we can carry forward these levels and continue with rate of change. As we move forward into 2021, and we think that’s going to be a nice capital efficiency tailwind, and another leg to the capital efficiency story. Brian, one thing that, people will say, why are you doing this? How can you do this? Well, I’d say one of the big things that we have going for us is that we went – we were the first ones to go to 10,000 foot laterals in the Wolfcamp out here. And we admittedly, we had a few wells and at the beginning, where I’d say we stubbed our toes a little bit, they were challenging at first for us. Most industry are drilling 7,500 foot laterals. We went to 10,000. But because we went early and we figured it out and we went up – what we call a modified swim hole design, that design has turned out to be very robust and be the appropriate design that we have now stayed with for a long time. So we have many, many reputations of drilling the same type well over and over and over many more than I think that many of our peer companies out there with this particular design. And that just allows us to be further down on the efficiency curve. Now, are we done? We absolutely are never done. No way. But I think if there’s a question – this almost seems too good to be true. Why are you able to do this? I would say those are a couple of the big things, as well as allowing us to optimize our costs from our vendors when you go to that fixed design like that.
Dave Hager: Well, I’ll start off here, and then Jeff can chime in. So what we’ve said and I’ll talk about the combined Devon WPX here, pro forma that we are breakevens for maintenance capital would be $33 WTI. And frankly, with what we’re talking about this morning, it looks like, we’re tending to drive that lower. We don’t have a new number for you today, but obviously the results that we talked about today would tend to drive that breakeven even lower. Then if you add the fixed dividend that would take the breakeven up to $37 and we’ve said that we will invest at maintenance capital levels up to around $45 per share. So we would be building free cash flow in that range. And once we get to $45 we’d mix in a combination of a little bit of growth, select growth, along with it adding to the free cash flow at the same time. And by the time, we get to $50 or so for – from $50 WTI, may I said for sure, $50 WTI, we can accomplish all of our strategic objectives of 5% growth and really strong cash flow yield. So back when we start generating free cash flow, and we think we’re in a healthy enough financial position that we can do a combination of debt pay down and the variable dividend. Now obviously, all you want to maintain some flexibility around how much we do to each. But we think we’re in a good position on both. And so we’ll make judgment calls on how we think the appropriate mixture is, but it’s not like we have to get one done before we start together. We have to have a certain level of growth before start the picks, the variable dividend policy. We anticipate once we start generating free cash, if we see an appropriate commodity price outlook, that we will start the variable dividend policy. So Jeff, can you…
Dave Hager: Well, first off, we’re trying to use what I would consider more of a Webster’s Dictionary book, definition of maintenance capital. It’s not an optimized 2021 maintenance capital. In other words, we’re not counting on any sort of drawdown of DUC inventory in this at all. This is more of a pure how much capital do we think we need to spend, or what price WTI do we need given the capital we need to spend in order to keep production plat without any drawdown of DUCs, if we would draw down DUCs, it could be even better. And so certainly as we have accomplished better capital efficiency along with the cost synergies that we’re anticipating out of the merger that’s what’s allowing us to lower that maintenance capital significantly. I would anticipate that’s going to continue to lower through time as we continue to achieve even greater capital efficiency, more cost efficiencies. And frankly, as Brian Singer brought up earlier as our overall corporate decline rate becomes lower and outer years then the amount of capital required to maintain the production should tend lower also. So what we’re giving you is just kind of a definition of where it is just slamming together the two companies what we both defined as a maintenance capital, I think it was $950 million on the Devon side and the remainder on the WPX side. But again, the results we’re seeing today are tended to indicate that even now it’s going to be lower in 2021. But we’re not giving an exact number.
Dave Hager: I think the short answer is, yes. When you get good people together and they start talking about – and I think particularly on the capital side, we’re seeing that there are going to be improvements even just from pure scale on the supply chain and what the incremental scale will provide as well as just optimizing programs as well. Yes, it’s still early days, but I can tell you, there’s a lot of excitement and enthusiasm that the synergies are not only achievable, but we’re going to see more than that. So Jeff and David, you’re even closer to it to me.
Dave Hager: And I’ll just say philosophically, I think one of the reasons that this – we’re going to make this work so well is, it’s our whole approach to this is a more of a merger of equals. So we’re – both sides are taking the attitude that, okay, we both done well on our own, but are there some things that we can do to create a better company that are even better than either one is individually. And it’s that open-minded attitude about really not focusing on what I do great, or my company does great. It’s more about, okay, we’ve – how can we really create something that’s better than either one of us and not worried about where it comes from, whether it’s from the WPX side or the Devon side, just how can we do better? And I think there’s a lot to be said for just that mental attitude of really trying to take the best from both sides. It’s going to allow even more synergies in a situation where you just have something that’s just much more of a takeover and you don’t learn as much from the other side as you do in this type of situation.
Dave Hager: Well, we have – as you think about it, we have three areas of generating really strong free cash flow right now. Pro former that will be generating really strong free cash flow at Baken, Eagle Ford and Anadarko basin. Obviously the biggest growth engine with 400,000 really high quality acres in the Delaware basin that’s going to be the biggest growth engine. And then you have the Rockies, it’s more of a longer term growth play. It’s not as much of a free cash flow play right now. And it’s a smaller asset. But it’s a very oily base. And we know there is very good potential in a, in Niobrara there across probably a couple hundred thousand acres or so. And our approach right now, we think is most appropriate, just take a very measured approach. We’ve drilled some Wells there. We’re learning a great deal from the wells we did about what worked extremely well and where our challenge is still lie. It’s probably an environment that is going to – it’s very oily up in the powder. It’s going to take probably $45, $50 oil to really compete effectively for economics, but there’s a lot of hydrocarbon there. So, it’s the one that’s not as strong and contributor currently, but I don’t feel – we’ll obviously look as a combined company. We neither side has been afraid to make the right decision at the appropriate time, but there’s nothing obvious because those companies have really high graded their portfolio a lot historically. And we like the asset base, that’s obviously the stage of each of them. And we understand that, we’ll look at it.
