Vince White: Thank you and welcome everybody to Devon’s First Quarter Earnings Call and Webcast. Before we get started, I want to make sure that everyone is aware that we have prepared a handful of slides to supplement today’s presentation. The slides are integrated with today’s webcast but they’re also available for download in PDF form on Devon’s home page at devonenergy.com. For those that are not participating via webcast, we’ll make sure we refer to slide numbers during our prepared remarks so that you can follow along. Today’s call will follow our usual format and as I will first cover a few preliminary items and then turn the call over to our president and CEO, John Richels, for this comments; then Dave Hager, our chief operating officer will provide an operations update and we’ll wrap up our commentary with a financial review by our CFO, Tom Mitchell. After our financial discussion, we’ll have a Q&A session and we’ll conclude the call after about an hour and replay will be available later today on our website. The investor relations team will also be available this afternoon should you have any follow-up questions. On the call today, we’re going to update some of our forward looking information. In addition to the updates that we are providing in the call, we will file an 8-K later today containing the details of our updated 2014 estimates. The copy of this updated 8-K will be available within Investor Relations section of the Devon website. The guidance that we are providing today includes plans, forecast, expectations and estimates which are all considered forward-looking statements under US Securities Law and these are of course subject to a number of assumptions, risk and uncertainties many of which are beyond our control. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and for a discussion of the risk factors relating to our estimates see our Form 10-K. Also in today’s call, we’ll reference certain non-GAAP performance measures. When we use these measures there are required specific related disclosures and those can also be found on our website. At this point, I’ll turn the call over to our president and CEO, John Richels.
Vince White: Darryl, could you just bring that all together and summarize – I mean you have a lot of detailed knowledge there clearly, but summarize what this means for differentials.
Vince White: Great. Operator, I want to remind everybody to limit their questions to one initial inquiring and one follow up. And we’re ready for the next participant.
Vince White: This is Vince, Doug. My first observation is while we have this growing resource inventory, we also have a lot of growth in cash flow. So when you look at 2015 with the free cash flow thrown off by the Eagle Ford over and above the capital requirements and by our thermal projects, we’ve got a lot of capacity to invest in this expanding inventory.
Dave Hager: Hi Arun, this is Dave. I’ll take a stab at that. We’re currently running 12 rigs in the Delaware. And yes, as we said, we do anticipate a significant increase next year as we work our way through all the limitations that currently exists out there – the availability of cash processing capacity, availability of rigs, completion crews, manpower, et cetera. And we’re working through all of those factors as we speak. Yes, this was a big story for us. And there are really two key things that factored into this, one is we have continued to appraise our acreage position throughout the Delaware Basin particularly in Lea and Eddy County. And so as we’re getting those results, it’s given us greater confidence to up our risk inventory. And obviously the results from those wells have been outstanding throughout our acreage position. And second, frankly, we’ve just taken the time to look at it in a more comprehensive manner than we’ve been able to do previously. And then we looked at it more comprehensively coupled with the outstanding well results across our entire acreage position. We suspected it was there, but we were basically able to move into our risk inventory. And so we feel very good. And I would point that the slide that we included there, Slide 11, did not include anything for the Wolfcamp. And the Wolfcamp we think has tremendous prospectivity in Southeastern Mexico. There’s just not a lot of wells have been drilled there yet. So we think as there’s additional wells drilled in that area that that inventory is going to increase also.
Dave Hager: Yes, I’ll take a stab at that again, Arun. Absolutely, the well results have been 100% consistent with our acquisition expectations. These are outstanding wells. These are wells in the core of the core of the Eagle Ford. And so that gives us tremendous confidence, our infrastructure needs, our continuing to be build out. Frankly we think that already in the first couple of months that we’ve owned the asset, that grains [ph] have improved efficiency to the overall process and all of that put together gives us tremendous that we’re going to have the ramp that we talked about.
Dave Hager: And Doug, we’re in a position now – the reason we’re so excited about where we are as a company frankly, we’re in a position now where we think we can grow our oil productions which is obviously our highest margin product by 20% of more for a considerable period of time while living within cash flow. And with a $9 billion debt level, we’re probably at a fairly appropriate place for us to be. And we haven’t been in the position in the past few years of being able to grow that kind of production which – and the important part of it is of course is that we’re also commensurately growing our cash flow per share without ramping up debt or summoning [ph] bunch of equity out the door. And that’s pretty exciting position for us to be in. And that kind of growth rate for company our size I think stacks up pretty well.Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes, a big change from six months ago for sure [ph]. My follow up real quick is ownership in the GP, just a big picture of comments there in terms of – 70%, it just seems there’s no need to really have that big of a position. I’m just curious as how you’re thinking about that and all these matters [ph]. Thank you.
Dave Hager: Yes, that’s turned out really well for us. As you know, as we said, we put those assets in at about $4.8 billion worth [indiscernible] today. So there’s been a huge amount of accretion and it’s a strategic asset for us. We’ve always wanted to keep control of those assets or have some influence over those assets because they’re so integral to our operations. And we think there’s going to be a lot of value accretion at the EnLink level over the next few years not only from a bunch of really exciting ideas that are – the management team at EnLink has but also through the continuation of the dropdowns from the general partner and also from Devon. And you’ll recall we’ve given a right of first offer to EnLink to purchase the expanded access pipeline in Canada when it’s complete. So we’re going to see a lot of growth. Now having said that, you’re absolutely right that they’re – we got a larger position today than we ultimately need to control. But that’s not lost [ph] on us. We always look at ways to realize that. But frankly, we got to do something that is creative and innovative, Doug, because just selling a bunch of units and paying a lot of tax isn’t the way to do it. So we’re really actually excited about that position and the continued growth, but we’ll always keep our eye on that.Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I appreciate the answers. Thank you.
John Richels: And Arun, it’s John. One thing I’d just toss in here to what David has already said, you’ll recall that when we did that acquisition, we indicated that GeoSouthern and BHP prior to the acquisition had drilled at least one well on every drilling unit across the DeWitt County acreage. So this confidence that Dave is talking about at Wall Street by the fact that we’ve got pretty darn good idea about what every drilling unit on that acreage looks like.
John Richels: Yeah, probably one of the biggest challenges that we have is – and you can get an idea from the map that we included in there, but our acreage is spread out throughout DeWitt and Eddy County. So to the degree that we have contiguous position that has sufficient scale, that allows us to get into where water recycling can work more efficiently. And we’re working through that right now. We’re already doing that in the South Midland Basin as we speak and we’re looking for opportunities to expand that into the Delaware Basin.Subash Chandra – Jefferies & Company: And just along those lines, some of these other horizons, Leonard, et cetera, are they dryer than the Bone Springs –
John Richels: We have acreage throughout Campbell County but we also have some very nice positions that our contiguous in that area. To give you an idea, we have so far been what I would consider appraisal mode – appraising areas throughout Campbell County. Now we are in the position into Parkman and to a large degree also into Turner. But we’re going to go into full development mode on those formations. And so what you’re going to see from us in the future is better economic – overall economic results as we can focus on development and get our costs down, get our EURs up even more consistently. So we’re seeing outstanding results. And I can tell you that our program in the last quarter really delivered good results and you’re going to see a continuous movement in that direction as we get out of the mode of appraising our entire acreage position and get into the mode of focusing on the most economic development areas.Jeffrey Campbell – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research: So just to follow up on what you just said, as you go into development mode, will you start to see a significant rise in rigs as we’re going to see in Delaware or does there still need to be some more work done before you –
John Richels: There are various well spacing assumptions depending on exactly where the wells are located throughout our acreage position. They vary on the order of 40 acres to 80 acres for the average about 60-acre spacing.Jeffrey Campbell – Tuohy Brothers Investment Research: Okay, great. Thank you.
John Richels: Okay. Well, folks, we’re sure on top of the hour and if there are any other questions, don’t hesitate to call us. We’ll be around all day. And just before signing off, let me leave you with just a few takeaways from today’s call. First, I think we’ve done an excellent job of improving our portfolio on a very short period of time. Devon’s emerged with a formidable portfolio that’s on track to deliver multi-year growth production – oil production growth in excess of 20% while generating free cash flow. And as evidenced by our Q1 results, our pursuit of high margin production is significantly expanding our margins and profitability. And finally, the resource potential associated with our world-class Permian position continues to get better with time and is clearly a cornerstone growth asset for Devon. As I mentioned earlier, as I look ahead, I’ve never been more excited about the future prospects for Devon. Even with all of the exciting changes, our approach to the business remains unchanged. We will continue to aggressively pursue our top strategic objective of maximizing shareholder returns by optimizing long term growth and debt adjusted cash flow per share. So we look forward to talking with you again at the next call and thank you very much for joining us today.
Darryl Smette: Yes, this is Darryl. You’re exactly on point. We do expect that we’re going to see increased takeaway capacity with the Flanagan South pipeline. That’s due to come on mid-2014 probably later part of July is the date that we’re getting out to Enbridge. That’s a 585,000 barrel a day pipeline. We have a couple of permits that we have to get from the BOM, but anticipate that that will come on stream. That will bring additional capacity from Chicago down to the Cushing hub and then onto the gulf coast. The Alberta Clipper is the line that runs from Hardisty in Alberta down to the neck points in the mid-continent. That would add about 800,000 barrels a day of capacity. That is generally requiring only additional pump stations or more horse power, not additional line looping. We’re awaiting on or they’re awaiting – Enbridge is waiting on the government to issue those permits. The latest indication, we have from them is that they will expect those permits later on this year and so that capacity should be operational sometime in 2015.
Darryl Smette: Well, in terms of differentials, they’ve been fairly volatile. And supply and demand have been fairly balanced over the last couple of years. And we have seen that volatility ranging anywhere from $20 up to as high as $40.5. With that additional capacity coming on stream including some additional capacity, some of the refineries, we think those differentials will have downward pressure. So while they’ll still remain volatile, we think that they’ll be on that $20 to $25 barrel range and maybe $26 barrel range consistently rather than the volatility that we’ve seen from $20 up to $40 or $45.
Darryl Smette: And no, Vince, I might also add just as an addition there, is that we do have as an industry as lot of rail capacity now. Two years ago, as an industry, we had about 125,000 barrels or rail capacity out of Canada to United States. By the end of this year, that will be close to 650,000 barrels a day. So not only are we hopeful with the pipelines coming on stream, but there is also the additional rail capacity that makes us feel very good about where differentials are going.
Darryl Smette: Yeah, this is Darryl again. Let’s first take the Permian. We have seen differentials widen there since the end of last year into the first quarter where differentials both for West Texas sour and West Texas sweet were about $3.50. Fourth – or the second quarter this year looks like that’s going to be closer to $8 as driven by a couple of facts. We’ve just been increased production out of the Permian Basin, plus there were some refinery maintenance that extended longer than was anticipated, about three weeks. That’s caused a bottleneck and a buildup of supply. All of that should be relieved by the end of this quarter as we have another 350,000 barrels a day of pipeline capacity coming on stream – 50,000 is an expansion of the longhorn system that was put in place last year; 300,000 of that is BridgeTex. So when you add all of that capacity, that gives you about 5.6 million barrels of export capacity. There’s about 400 million, I guess, of refining and production out there that’s around 1.5 million. So right now, we think the differentials while they’re $8, that’s going to narrow somewhat less than 250 as we go through the rest of the year. So we feel pretty good about that. As we look at differentials in the Eagle Ford, our average gravity in Eagle Ford is about 52 degrees. First month that we had that asset, our net differential of WTI was about $7. We expect that to continue to be volatile as more of that type of crude is produced. But we think that’s going to be volatile in a range of about $6 to $12 of WTI. That should work itself up. We think based on the projects that are ongoing in terms of splitters that will allow some of that lighter end product to be split out. In the next board, we think that differential will narrow down to the $6 to $8 range as we go forward. All of these are things that we have anticipated when we made the acquisition. Our view still hasn’t changed.
Darryl Smette: Well, the economics on these plays are pretty robust. So although the plays could handle higher CapEx, we do a lot of work to avoid that situation obviously. And we have just actually finished for this year and just recently our rebidding [ph] of all our stimulation work for the year were able – we have very good relationships with the key vendors, have had them over multiple years. We were able to avoid any significant price increases. That’s going to be basically flat in 2014 versus 2013. And we anticipate that these type of relationships are going to help us significantly in the future. I can’t predict exactly what 2015 is going to look like but when you think of 2014, it’s already had rapidly increasing activity in the Permian. But there is at the same time a lot of additional capacity coming into the Permian. So I don’t think we’re going to have a significant issue there.
Darryl Smette: Well, we have included in our account essentially the oil areas of each of these because these are the ones that we think are economic. So I know these are – with Leonard, I think some of the industry competition has been talking about wells or drilling in the Leonard and we’re right in and amongst those wells. But frankly, we have as good, if not, better acres positioned. Some of the other people are talking about it. So we feel very good and actually, the Wolfcamp extends further to the west than we have outlined on the map but we’ve just really highlighted what we think is the oily portion of the Wolfcamp on that map. So, no, these are essentially – these are really oil opportunities that have strong economics right now.Subash Chandra – Jefferies & Company: Okay. I guess I was referring in terms of dry, in terms of not having quite as much formation water as the conventional targets like Bone Springs.
Darryl Smette: No significant difference that I’m aware of but I may have to research that a little more. But I’m not aware of any significant changes.Subash Chandra – Jefferies & Company: Okay, great. Thank you.
