David Hager: Yeah, Scott, you’re talking about the Southern Midland Basin, I think, aren’t you? Not the Delaware Basin.
David Hager: Yeah, right. Yeah, we have tested and there’s obviously a nomenclature issue within the industry that we prefer to call it that we have tested both the Middle and the Lower Wolfcamp, those are the primary prospective zones on our acreage. We are right now, for the most part, have very little across the acreage, but for the most part we are completing in the Lower Wolfcamp and we believe that allows us to actually frac up to the Middle Wolfcamp as well. So, by industry nomenclature, I think that would be completing more in the F and then the frac would contribute on up through the D in there. Regarding the Forest acreage, that’s the part that I didn’t mention in my comments earlier. That’s the additional acreage that we acquired. It’s a little over 50,000. I think, around 53,000 or so total. We haven’t drilled any wells on that acreage yet, we will start drilling those next year. And that’s the comment I was making that I do believe that we’ll expand our inventory. We have not expanded our inventory at all in the comment that I gave to you already on the – but we fully anticipate that it’s going to work and will be additive to the overall position.
David Hager: It is considered what is appropriate to complete in each of those. And we have not really plugged into there that we would have multiple completions at the same location. So, that’s a single completion at each of our locations. It is possible, through time, we may see that we may complete in more than one zone from the same location but we haven’t included it in our location count.
David Hager: That’s certainly a possibility through time and we have the same opportunities our peers do, it’s just how we choose to classify our locations, perhaps a little more conservative.
David Hager: Scott, I’d have to check on that. That is typical that you would, but I’d have to check – let me think about it whether it – I’m going to – yeah, I’ll give you some clarification here, they are saying we are in the same zones. So it doesn’t -- don't think we have to. Now more I think about that, I think that’s right that if drill in the operator, we still the hold the lower.
David Hager: This is Dave. We just have one rig that's working outside of the JV. The rest of the rigs are working within the JV. And that's the rig in Grant County.Jeffrey Campbell – Tuohy Brothers Investment: And my other question with regard to the Woodford, I'm looking at the map of your acreage in the area. Do you believe that you have prospectivity in any of the other counties besides Grant? I'm thinking non JV again, like maybe Kay or Sage County.
David Hager: Well, it's possible. We need to drill some wells over there and determine it. Again, we are seeing such an advantage here of getting 3D seismic and that's what's really helped us out dramatically within the JV. We're going to drill a few wells up here in Grant and Kay County without 3D just to – 3D in and of itself costs a fair amount of money. And so we want to make sure that we have a working petroleum system up there before we actually spend the money on the 3D. We now have in Grant County enough confirmation that through the wells that I discussed that we are shooting 3D up there. We will be going through the same process in Kay County and that – the overall comment that I’ve made before is that we have 650,000 acres in total in the Mississippi and of that we believe there are sufficient thickness of the Woodford to have potential prospectivity across 400,000 of that 650,000 acres. To-date we feel we have de-risked 100,000 of that 400,000 acres. So, we have the thickness across the 400,000 but there are other elements that factor into there as far as the maturity of the oil, do you have sufficient permeability, et cetera, and that’s what we’ll have to determine across that other 300,000 acres we’re talking about, some of which is in Grant and some of which is in Kay.Jeffrey Campbell – Tuohy Brothers Investment: Okay. Great. That was great color. Thanks very much.
David Hager: Yeah, Matt, it’s a little bit less than we guided to last quarter. The first thing I want to make clear to everyone, though, about this is our wells are delivering exactly as we anticipated. I went through it area-by-area. The capabilities of the wells are there. That is not the issue. The issues – there’s a couple of other issues that have factored into it though overall. First, we are seeing some down time with our ongoing production in the Permian, especially as related to electrical submersible pump that we’re running in all of these. Our run time of those has been a little bit less than we anticipated. We’re working through that issue as we speak but that has caused our base production to fall a little bit short of what we anticipated. Nothing to do with the productivity of the wells, just the efficiency of the pump. Secondarily, in the Rockies because of the success we had with the Rockies drilling program, we took a little bit of capital out of CO2 that we’re going to expand, that were going to deliver a few thousand barrels a day and kept a rig running in the Powder River Basin because of the outstanding results we’re getting there. Those volumes, associated with that rig, will show up next year but not this year. And then finally, because of the stronger prices when we put our projection out there that we were seeing in Canadian oil because of the stronger realizations we anticipated royalties would be a little bit higher. And so that would cause the net production to go down a little bit as well. But having said all that, I want to make sure that you understand the US oil growth in Q4 is going to be greater than 30% versus Q4 of 2012. So we’re still having very, very strong oil growth, it’s just some minor issues like that, these have nothing to do with the productivity of the well, that have caused it to decrease it a little bit.Matt Portillo – Tudor, Pickering & Co.: Great. Thanks for the clarification there. And just in regards to some of the initial well results you’ve seen in the Woodford. I was wondering if you could potentially compare the rates of return you’re seeing on your Woodford programs versus your Southern Midland program? And if you continue to see strong initial rates here, in line with your or above your type curve could we potentially see capital allocated away from the Permian into the Woodford or an acceleration in Woodford drilling? Thank you.
David Hager: Well, we’re going through that entire evaluation process right now, of comparing the returns. And we’re obviously a little bit less in the overall maturity of the program in the Woodford then we are in the Southern Midland Basin. But having said that, we’ve had some outstanding results this quarter with well, well above the type curve and, of course, highlighted by the Jardo [ph] that had a 30-day IP of 2,200 BoE per day. So we like both these plays an awful lot. And to ask me to make a decision between one or the other is kind of tough because they are two of our top plays and we like them both but we’re certainly very pleased with the Woodford results.Matt Portillo – Tudor, Pickering & Co.: Thank you very much.
David Hager: Well, it's something that we're working on right now, and we think it’s very solvable. Basically, we're running these ESPs in an unconventional environment, and frankly, running a lot of sand through these ESPs, which as you can imagine, running sand through pumps is not a great thing for long-term life. But we are working with some of our vendors on ways that we can get a better design out there. We're also working on ways that we can improve the efficiency of replacing these ESPs, and so, I don't think it's going to have a long-term impact. We have a special team, I can tell you internally, that’s working at very hard along with our vendors. And I think it's something that we're going to come to a good answer on here in the next three or four months. And frankly that's just one of the things that contributed to it. The other I mentioned was a change in the Rockies program to the additional rig and also the impact of potentially higher royalties due to improved realizations in Canada. So, I wouldn't overplay that. It's just one of the several factors.
David Hager: Well, in all of our wells in the Woodford, it's going to have a higher oil cut early in the life, which certainly is beneficial from a rate of return and NPV standpoint. Although over the life of the well, we anticipate they will become more gassy and the ultimate -- and when you looked at total EUR, it will probably split about equally, one-third each for oil, natural gas liquids, and natural gas.
David Hager: Well, it was a long lateral, so that certainly helped but there also were some other geological characteristics which, of course, I’m not going to tell you that we had observed ahead of time and we think that that benefited that. Your obvious follow-on, is it repeatable, I’m sure. And to some degree, yes, but it’s not going to be – we’re not going to be able to drill those wells everywhere across the acreage but we think we have a good idea for what allowed that and we’ll have some of those type wells across our acreage position, we think, again.
David Hager: Right. Yeah, in general to answer your question, the Bone Springs are our highest returns in our portfolio in the Permian Basin and amongst the highest in our entire portfolio as a company. Although all of them generate strong rates of return, the Bone Springs are a little bit better, no question.
David Hager: Well, we still like the Miss Lime an awful lot. It is meeting out type curve expectation, certainly within the JV and is actually above our type curve expectations slightly. So we’re very happy within the JV. North of the JV and in Grant and Kay County we’ve had mixed results. I had talked about one very good well that we had out there in the past quarter. We’ve had some that are not as good. But you have to understand, this is done without the benefit of seismic. So, the primary thing we’re trying to do up there outside of JV right now is see if we have enough evidence to have a good strong working petroleum system and which we now are confident in Grant County that we do have that. And now that we have that, we’ll shoot 3D up there and we’ll really refine where we’re drilling those wells and I would anticipate the results to become much more consistent and to improve with the benefited of 3D. But overall as far as the Miss goes, it is meeting our expectations just at this Woodford particularly within the joint venture area. Now, we’ll have at least one well up in Grant County that’s somewhat encouraging as well. It’s working spectacularly.
David Hager: Yeah, it has nothing to do with the ESP issues at all. We dropped our rig count because we become significantly more efficient in drilling our wells. We executed our entire program for 2013 and we could execute it with less rigs. So, if we had kept the same amount of rigs we would have overspent our capital for this year. And so we were just exercising capital discipline to stay within the overall capital by reducing our rig capital. We executed the program we had intended to this year.
David Hager: Nothing immediate. We recognize the prospectivity there, but we are right now just delineating our entire acreage position.
John Richels: Vinnie [ph], there's really a couple of different drop-downs that we can do in the MLP. As you know, we put half of our assets into the GP and half into the MLP. So there will be a continuing drop-down from the GP to the MLP of interest in our midstream company. And then we do have other assets, the one that we flagged at the time – other assets that we didn't put into the MLP, one of the assets that we've flagged at the time was our interest in the Access Pipeline, which is the pipeline that services our Jackfish and Pike acreage and also has third-party volumes from other operators in the area. And that's certainly something that we can drop down. When we do that, it's a little bit up in the air right now, and of course, we are constructing that. I think it's going to be completed by the end of 2014 roughly and third quarter 2014. And so a 2015 drop-down is certainly possible. We'll have to kind of take stock of things at the time that we finish it. I think the really important part and the really exciting part for us is that not only we kind of got a market valuation of what those assets are, but in the future it gives us a lot of flexibility around building new assets, dropping down some existing assets that we haven't put in yet, and also doing acquisition and by doing that it accelerates the value over what we'd otherwise have seen.
John Richels: As Jeff mentioned, it's likely to be around year end before we can repatriate those funds. Vinnie, as you may know and most of the folks on the call are probably familiar with the factors that we've talked about in the past that we take into account as we allocate our capital and the objective we've always enunciated is to optimize cash flow for debt adjusted shares. So, when we bring that cash back around the end of the year, we'll allocate using the same parameters. We're right now in the middle of and – or continuing to develop our 2014 capital budgets and we'll do that over the next couple of months. And as we move into 2014, we'll finalize our capital allocation decisions. At that time, share buybacks are always included in our consideration to capital investments and we’ve got a great track record of buying stock back over the years. But to give you any more definite guidelines around that right now would be a little premature.
John Richels: Well, Arun, as you know, in this business that's a constant. We are always looking to bring good opportunities into the asset base and sometimes that means that other opportunities don't look as attractive anymore and you move them out. So, that's not something that we – that's a continuum. We're not at the end of it. We always got to look at that. So, it's an ongoing process to continue to try to increase our productivity as a company and our value for our shareholders. It's something we're looking at all the time.
John Richels: I think these things are all things that we're evaluating all the time, and I think you know that in our history, we've proven that we're not afraid of making bold moves when we have to, but a lot of things people talk about and reflect on from the outside don't always add long-term value particularly when you look at taxation and everything else that's involved. So we're always looking at how we might bring value forward, and as we've previously said, we're not leaving any stone unturned. But we're not going to do things that – we're only going to do things that add long-term value and we're not going to take action simply for action's sake. So, these are things we're always looking at, but sometimes they’re not quite so simple.
John Richels: That of course is dependent upon where we choose to spend capital and so we're going to – we're in the processing of working our 2014 capital budget. And until we've got the upstream piece we won't know exactly what the midstream piece is, but directionally surely, I mean, we certainly expect it to be down.
John Richels: Well, folks I'm showing the top of the hour. So that concludes today's call. As usual, our investor relations staff will be around the rest of the day to answer any questions that didn't make it into the call or if you come up with other things during the day. So before signing off, I'd just like to go over a few key takeaways. First, our core assets are performing very well leading to higher oil weighting for our portfolio. This is driven by the 38% year-over-year growth in light oil production from our U.S. portfolio. Results from our emerging U.S. light oil plays and long-term investment in Canadian thermal oil are providing visibility on the next leg of oil growth for Devon. Our pursuit of high margin production is improving profitability and we are doing excellent job of controlling, operating and capital costs. By year end, we will have repatriated $4 billion of cash at very favorable tax rates translating into about $1.75 per share benefit to Devon shareholders, and finally, we took another significant step forward in unlocking unrecognized asset value within Devon through the formation of our new midstream business. Going forward, our approach to the business remains unchanged. We will continue to pursue our top strategic objective, and that is to maximize long-term growth and cash flow per share after adjusting for debt. So, we look forward to talking with you again on the next call, and thank you very much for joining us today.
