Scott Coody: Good morning. And thank you to everyone for joining us on the call today. Last night we issued an earnings release and presentation that cover our results for the quarter and updated outlook. Throughout the call today, we will make references to the earnings presentation to support prepared remarks, and these slides can be found on our website. Also joining me on the call today are Rick Muncrief, our President and CEO; Clay Gaspar, our Chief Operating Officer; Jeff Ritenour, our Chief Financial Officer; and a few other members of our senior management team. Comments today will include plans, forecasts and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. These comments are subject to assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements. Please take note of the cautionary language and risk factors provided in our SEC filings and earnings materials. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Rick.
Scott Coody: Thanks, Rick. We’ll now open the call to Q&A. Please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. This allows us to get to more questions on the call today. With that, operator, we’ll take our first question.
Scott Coody: Yes. It’s in that neighborhood, Doug. So we did -- for the unrisked we did have a higher price point that’s more reflective of maybe current spot pricing, just have a regulator on the unrest as well. But -- and also we did take some of the risking off with regards to some of the appraisal that needs to be successful to make that column convert into our risked category over time.
Scott Coody: Well, I appreciate everyone’s interest in Devon today. And if you have any further questions, please don’t hesitate to reach out to the Investor Relations team at any time. Have a good day. Thank you.
Jeff Ritenour: Thanks, Clay. I’d like to spend my time today discussing the highlights of our financial performance for the quarter and the capital allocation priorities for our free cash flow. A good place to start is on slide 6 with a review of Devon’s financial performance, where earnings and cash flow per share growth rapidly expanded year-over-year and exceeded consensus expectations. Operating cash flow for the third quarter totaled $2.1 billion, an impressive increase of 32% compared to the third quarter of last year. This level of cash flow generation comfortably funded our capital spending requirements and resulted in $1.5 billion of free cash flow in the quarter. As you can see on the chart to the right, this strong result keeps us on track to generate a record-setting amount of free cash flow this year and is a powerful example of the financial results our disciplined cash return business model can deliver. With the free cash flow Devon generated this quarter, our top priority is to reward shareholders with higher cash returns through our fixed plus variable dividend framework. This dividend strategy is foundational to our capital allocation process, providing us the flexibility to return cash to shareholders across a variety of market conditions. Under this framework, we pay a fixed dividend every quarter and evaluate a variable distribution of up to 50% of the remaining free cash flow. Based on our strong third quarter financial results, the Board approved a 61% increase in our dividend payout per year-over-year to $1.35 per share. On slide 9, you can see that our large dividend translates into a very compelling yield compared to other segments of the broader market. In fact, at today’s pricing, our yield is substantially higher than the average company in the S&P 500 Index. Another priority for our free cash flow is the execution of our ongoing $2 billion share repurchase program. On slide 10, you can see that over the past year, we bought back $1.3 billion of stock, which has reduced our outstanding share count by 4%. This equates to an average price of $50 per share, which is more than a 30% discount to our current trading levels. Over the past several months, our buyback activity has been somewhat limited due to our recent bolt-on acquisitions in the Williston and Eagle Ford. However, with those transactions now closed and with around $700 million remaining on our authorization, we can be more active buyers of our stock when the market opportunities present themselves. And to round out my prepared remarks this morning, I’d like to give a brief update on our investment-grade financial position. After funding $2.5 billion of acquisitions from cash on hand during the quarter, we exited September with a healthy cash balance of $1.3 billion and low leverage with net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of around 0.5 a turn. Even with this strong financial position, we’re not done making improvements, and we’ll continue to evaluate opportunities within our debt stack to create additional value for shareholders. With that, I’ll turn the call back to Rick for some closing comments.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, Doug, thanks for the question. We -- as you saw here in the third quarter, we adjusted our expectation for the full year cash tax level. We have been guiding most of the year around a 10% cash tax burden, and we now think that’s going to be closer to 8%. The real big driver for us this year is we’re having the benefit of some tax attributes, the bulk of which are NOLs. As we move forward into next year, we’ll carry forward about $1 billion of NOLs that we’ll be able to utilize kind of over a multiyear period. So that will help keep our tax liabilities in check as we move forward. But as we’ve talked about before, our expectation for next year, if you assume kind of the current commodity price levels and cost structure, you’re going to be hovering around that kind of 15% current tax level, and that would be our expectation as we move throughout next year.
Jeff Ritenour: Hey Paul, this is Jeff. Yes, happy to address your question on DD&A. It’s a little bit of the nuance of successful efforts accounting, and you’re probably aware, we have different common operating fields or cost centers, if you will, kind of across the company as to align with how we kind of manage the operations. Post the merger that we did with WPX, we actually kept our Delaware South and North assets separate. So, New Mexico to the north, obviously and Texas to the South. Here, over the last couple of quarters, we decided to consolidate that all into one cost center. And so, as a result, you have spread that cost of those units across the entirety of that new business unit or a call center, if you will. And so as a result, you have a slight increase in the DD&A rate going forward to the overall company as a result of kind of streamlining that effort driven by the consolidation of those two call centers.
Jeff Ritenour: Absolutely. I mean, the work that we’ve done around integration post-merger continues. So, we’re always looking for ways to continue to make the asset base better and how we manage those assets going forward. So certainly, this was a component of our -- of the execution of that integration, and we certainly would expect to see some synergies, albeit minor in the grand scheme of things today, but we’re certainly -- part of our thought process as we rolled out the synergies we talked about post merger.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes. You bet. Neal, this is Jeff. We feel really good, frankly, about our ability to move the molecules. You’ve heard us talk about this in the past, and we’ve had these dislocations in pricing in Waha over the last couple of years, and the team has done a great job of kind of protecting us from that exposure. As a big picture, we move, call it, north of 50%, almost 60% of our volumes are gas molecules out of the basin to the Gulf Coast. And so those volumes actually have exposure to Houston Ship Channel pricing. With the remainder of molecules that sit in basin, we’ve hedged almost all of that. And so, the remainder of volumes that are specifically exposed to Waha is about 10% of our gas molecules in basin. So, when you put that all together, just to give you some context and somebody will correct me on the math here, but I don’t have it quite right. But it’s less than 1% of our revenues as a total company are exposed to Waha at this point given the lengths that we’ve gone to, number one, move the molecules out of basin and then number two, hedge our exposure there.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, you bet. No, we’re excited about the opportunity with Delfin. We’re a little light on details at this point because we’re still in the process of negotiating some of the commercial terms there and how all that shakes out. But generally speaking, it’s really just an extension of our broader marketing philosophy and thought process, which is we’re always trying to capture the highest realized price wherever we can for our molecules, while at the same time, kind of balancing our exposure to the different markets that we’re involved in. And so, as we look forward over the next 5 and 10 years, we really expect the growth in demand for natural gas to come outside of the United States. And so, for us, it makes sense to have exposure to the water and to those international markets. And so, we’re excited that we could take a step forward with Delfin, make a relatively minor investment with them, which is going to provide us some access to those international markets going forward. I’ll remind everybody that those projects, we don’t expect to come on line until the kind of the 2026 time frame, but we’re excited to kind of work things forward with that group and then hopefully get us exposure to the premium markets that we’re seeing internationally.
Rick Muncrief: You bet, Arun. That’s spot on. That’s exactly what we’re saying. That’s correct. That’s the assumption you should make. You bet.
Rick Muncrief: Neil, that’s another good question. From our perspective, I think you’ve heard us be very consistent with our messaging that we will always be opportunistic on transactions that could strengthen our company. We want to make sure that we do deliver the accretion. We’re not waving arms, but we -- actually, it shows up in our income statement over time. And to the point that you made, if it could deepen some inventory, that really is very critical. We’re going to continue holding consolidation, I think, an important part of our overall strategy. That being said, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, you don’t always find those deals that check every box, and we’re not going to overpay. We’re going to be very-disciplined. And these two transactions work quite well for us. And there could be others in the future, but we’ll wait to see. But we’re certainly proud of what we’ve done and have to give a tip of the hat to our team that brought these over the fence, and they’re great transactions and help us in a lot of ways.
Rick Muncrief: Yes. I think I’m going to ask Clay to go into maybe some of the detail. But just as I said in our remarks, two-thirds of the increase of capital spending are a direct impact of these acquisitions where you had ongoing rig activity. We had two rigs running down the Eagle Ford on the Validus deal and a rig running in the Bakken on RimRock. So, it comes with capital spend. And so, that’s a big part of it. And I think we broke it down into three other areas for that other third. But Clay, you may want to just share your perspective as well on the increase.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Rick, I think you nailed it with balancing IRR and NPV is an important consideration. And of course, you have all the practical realities of we got to make sure we have take away. We want to make sure we’re doing the right thing from an ESG perspective. We’re thinking about assessing future potential. Those always don’t necessarily command the highest risk rate of return today, but it’s incredibly important as we think about not just this quarter’s return or year’s return, three-year, five-year, ten-year returns as well.
Clay Gaspar: Yes, Rick. First of all, look, there is inflation out there. We’ve never been hiding from inflation. It’s real. As we renew contracts, we see that continue to tick up. I think we’re starting to see a crest in that as I look to see not necessarily significant rollover, but certainly kind of a crusting, maybe some green shoots and softening here and there. We will continue to monitor that. I think it’s too early to say how that manifests over the course of 2023. But that’s the first piece of it. The second is we actually took some opportunity to step up a little bit of activity, get a running start on ‘23. You’ll see that in -- really in the November, December new wells spud. That spud count will come up a little bit. And then also as we start to look at kind of across the fence and our partners, the non-op activity, has stepped up as well. So, when you break it down with the two-thirds being from the acquisition activity, the remaining piece kind of divided roughly in thirds that way. I think it’s -- I think we feel pretty good about where we’re at and for the trajectory for ‘23 as well.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Doug, thanks for the opportunity to clarify that. So the upspacing is really relative to, I think, the dark years of the STACK where the industry really down-spaced too much, took for granted the amount of well-to-well interference or maybe isolation and frankly, just over-drilled. I think where we’re at today, we’re seeing phenomenal returns. But as you know, everything changes on a real-time basis, commodity price yields, well costs, realizations. And that constant mix is something we’re evaluating is 3 or 4 or 5 the right spacing specific to Mid-Con. But I think in the broader sense, as we look kind of across the basin and then you move from a midpoint of a $65 price deck to, I believe, we assumed an $85 on the larger account, you also have to reconsider how does that work in other areas. Powder River that is really yet to be defined on how -- what kind of spacing we’re doing. And even some of the deeper potential in the Delaware Basin certainly has significant upside depending on which commodity price you run. And that’s where that really that spot to the -- on the -- the bar on the right really comes in. One additional note on the -- in the Mid-Con area, there’s a lot of running room with gas. And I think that, of course, is a very important consideration as we start thinking about what price deck do you run, what realizations do we have and ultimately, what’s the right economic approach to extract the most opportune value.
Clay Gaspar: Thanks, Jeanine. Yes. And you’re referring to slide 18, the bar kind of there in the middle, a total of greater than 4,500 locations. Yes, you got a keen eye, a little more than half of that is in the Delaware. As I think about that kind of light gray box and break that down, by far, most of that is Wolfcamp and Bone Spring, which is, as you know, kind of the really good stuff that we’ve been going after. Certainly, a smaller portion is some Avalon and some deeper other potential, but it’s by far, mostly Bone Spring and Wolfcamp.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Thanks, Jeanine. Yes, you’re right. And as we compare quarter-to-quarter, obviously, there’s two ends of that, last year’s quarter to this year’s quarter, and boy, can really get a little bit lumpy. So I think you’re thinking about it right, scaling up, maybe thinking about year-over-year trajectories. And so yes, we will continue to see some nice growth. We said 11% year-to-date on the slide. For the base decline, I would say it’s roughly 30% to 35%, probably closer to 30%. As we continue to moderate the growth, these numbers come down, and that’s a benefit of this -- of the business model that we have. We’ll continue to see that mitigate over time and therefore, making this, keeping our production flat more capitally efficient.
Clay Gaspar: Paul, I’ll take the second question. So, our joint venture with BP is really a separate discussion. Now clearly, as we scale up our activities, we will bring our learnings, that economy of scale to BP as the drilling and completions operator and then vice versa. We’re also bringing knowledge to the Validus assets. Also remember, as part of the JV, Devon operates the joint venture wells. So there’s definitely economies of scale in our operations, some of the technologies that we use, some of the efficiencies around the people, being able to cover essentially more with less. That’s always very good as you scale up these opportunities. I think one of my favorite tests to do is as you look at one of these deals is just glance at the map. And if it makes sense from an industrial logic standpoint, you know that there is some real efficiencies to be gained, and we’re certainly going after those right now.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. So, this is only the drilling opportunities, but we have additional refracs as well. They’re a little hard to quantify. We’re working on that now. We have some internal numbers around the refracs. And I can tell you, it’s more than just where does it work from a reservoir standpoint. It’s also where does it work from a well construction standpoint. You have to be able to reenter these wells for an economic -- economically and be able to restimulate and really stimulate new rock is the key to success there.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. I would say, we’re still in the early stages of really rolling that into our portfolio. I would say it’s still in the assessment bucket that I referenced early It could be very meaningful, not just in Eagle Ford, but maybe in other areas as well. And so the quantity that we’ve done this year, and I expect for next year, is relatively small. As I’ve mentioned, it’s finding the right recipe. What was the original stimulation in that well? What was the stimulations in the offset well? What’s the spacing to the offset wells? What’s the casing construction of that well? And does it lend itself to the right recipe so that we can reenter, properly stimulate, hopefully, charge that new rock and, therefore, really get the bang for the buck. What I can tell you, the early results are we’re very encouraged. I think we’re finding the right recipe, but it’s too early to really lean in too hard just yet.
Clay Gaspar: Thanks for the question, John. This is Clay again. I would say more from the appraisal. We think about the work that we’re doing in a lot of these horizons that are just not quite defined on downspacing, what’s the right spacing test, maybe even vertically. Is there two landing zones there or is there three landing zones in some of these intervals. And then I think about some of the stuff that’s a little bit further afield, say, in the Powder, there’s a lot more opportunity there to bolt on to that number from the appraisal standpoint. Any additional -- just to be clear, we don’t have any assumptions on future acquisitions or any additional bolt-ons in any of these numbers.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Thanks, Matt. I appreciate being able to talk about that because the well performance is phenomenal. This is an absolutely world-class asset. We love the position we’re in. We love the scale that we have. The team keeps delivering. We’re still working on the efficiencies. We’re still applying technology, always trying to get a little better, a little smarter each day. No doubt about it. We have some inflation coming our way. So there is some squeeze to the margin -- on the margin, but I would take this world-class asset and love having in our portfolio and really, really pleased on what’s going on with the team and what they’re doing.
Clay Gaspar: Thanks for the question on STACK, Matt. Again, the team is looking at this holistically, thinking about what’s the right way to extract the optimum value, balancing rate of return, balancing NPV and thinking about the levers that we have. The first and the most significant is well spacing. The second, of course, is completion design. Both of those I mentioned in my prepared remarks. We like the approach that we have. Clearly, we have to understand what commodity price is going to do. And as those numbers rise up on gas and NGL realizations, there’s an opportunity for us to maybe even take a step tighter and still achieve super competitive returns. So, we’re still working on that. Like what we’re seeing as we move into the gas window, certainly the higher commodity price and the gas certainly helps. It’s a significant amount of upside for our inventory. As we think about the midstream, the nice thing about working in the Anadarko Basin is a lot of built-out midstream. So, we feel really good about the runway. Of course, we have regular conversations with our midstream partners trying to stay out years ahead because these big wells, especially with the gas volumes, can take up a lot of space in pipe and in plants. And so, we want to make sure we’re telegraphing what we’re doing to our midstream partners. And I would say that those conversations are going along very, very well.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. I would say roughly so that 65% -- or 65,000 BOE a day is about -- what would be for the quarter. So, I appreciate the acknowledgment of the third quarter, sometimes that can get lost. The teams worked exceptionally hard to continue to perform, and we’re really, really pleased with that. The Williston as we take over on any of these acquisition deals, no doubt about it, there’s going to be handoffs and little bumps in the road. There was a particular pad that came in. We had some delays. And as you know, when you’re running kind of a subscale activity, just a few days or a week of delay can manifest into a larger delay when you’re really trying to pick up and lay down equipment. And that beat us there. And so, we had a little bit of a transition issue there. But I think we’ve got the team up and running now, feel really good. I’ve bragged on many of earnings calls about the Williston team in particular, have tremendous regard for them and faith in their execution. And again, this is -- integration is not necessarily normal core competency. We’ve taken it as one that we need to be exceptionally good at this. And I’m really proud of the results we’re seeing around the organization from HR, from the IT department, from the accounting group, everybody coming together to really bring these assets in and ultimately extract the optimum value for the shareholders.
