Vincent W. White: During the Q&A session, we ask each of you limit your questions to one initial inquiry and one follow-up. And operator, we're ready to take the first question.
Vincent W. White: Yes, this is Vince. I'd add to that, too. When you try to compare a specific play to the Permian, we've got a number of different play types in the Permian ranging from light oil where the -- in the current environment, the rates of return are very, very strong to shale plays that we're just trying to derisk and understand. So there's a wide spectrum of returns in the Permian.
Vincent W. White: Yes, if you just look at 2011, we're growing oil and liquids production in the teens, high teens and we're growing gas production in the low single digits. So clearly our production mix is moving towards our reserve mix, which is more oil and liquids as a percentage of total reserves.
Vincent W. White: Rehan, as John said, we are always comparing the various levers that we have, that is spending in our E&P business to the share buybacks, and trying to select the optimum mix that gives us the best growth and cash flow and production per debt adjusted share. So as we are moving towards finalizing our 2012 capital budget, we'll look at the potential for additional share repurchases, look at the impact on our per-share results over time and make a call. Thank you. That ends today's call. Thank you for participating.
John Richels: Brian, as you might remember, we're spending over 90% or allocating over 90% of our capital in 2011 to oil and liquids-rich opportunities. And even at today's prices, in any of the rigs that are drilling in the gas plays where the returns are enhanced by liquids recoveries are still providing a good rate of return. So we're not spending any material amount today on plays that aren't providing a good rate of return.
John Richels: Let me start with the latter question and then maybe I'll turn it over to Dave to talk about our acreage positions. But what we're doing here, Brian, with the -- with our joint venture -- as you know, it's something we've not typically done and we wouldn't be -- it doesn't make sense to us to take a development project, for example, and joint venture it because we have pretty low cost of capital. But we're doing this for different reasons. We have some acreage positions that are clearly exploratory in nature. And as we said, bringing in a partner to try to diversify some of that risk and at the same time improve our capital efficiency in the future just seems to make a lot of sense for us. So there are a lot of reasons for us to be doing this. The way I kind of look at it, if you look at these 5 new venture plays and you think about when we're in the exploration business drilling wells, it's like 5 couple of hundred million dollar or more exploratory wells and we would always brought a partner in, not for the cash flow management as much as for the risk diversification. And thankfully, even the Exxons of the world tend to do that. So that's the rationale behind the exploring of this joint venture. Maybe I can have Dave address the question on some of these land positions.
John Richels: Well, first of all I, mean right now, Bob, we're just talking about those 5 plays, whether we would do anything in any of our Canadian plays, and I think that remains to be seen. But really nothing has changed other than the fact that we see a lot of opportunity in these 5 plays and a lot of capital commitment over time. And as I said, to bring somebody in at an early stage in the exploratory play to help diversify that risk just seems to make sense to us in terms of keeping the maximum capital efficiency and pursuing a prudent investment philosophy. So nothing's really changed other than the fact that these all have a lot of potential and a lot of capital investment over time.
John Richels: Well, we've been open to the structure, but typically, these have been structured in a way that there's some cash upfront. The good thing about that is it allows you to recover all or the majority of your capital investment to date and then some kind of a carry in the future. But we're not looking at doing a whole bunch of joint ventures with different parties. What we're really pursuing is the idea of creating a joint venture with one partner where we clearly align the interests of our joint venture partner with the interest of the company. So as we move down the road on some of these projects, that we don't just continue to drill because we got a bunch of joint venture cash out there, but we can move it around, make sure that we continue to allocate the capital both from our point of view and the joint venture partner's point of view to a place where we're making some money.
John Richels: Yes, I'd say the primary governor on it is the technical understanding and confidence to -- of how quickly we could ramp up. Most of these are not what I would call your classic pure resource plays where you can just go in and carpet bomb these things on a set acreage spacing. There's a lot of science involved in these. And so it's really to have the right level of technical knowledge on all these plays. Additionally, there is some -- particularly in 2012, I would say, there's a secondary concern, but there are some takeaway capacity issues that exist in the Permian. Those are being addressed and we don't think they're going to be long-term issues. But in 2012, it is something that we're certainly taking into account in how many rigs we're putting in what area. We're making sure that we can really move the production out of there.
John Richels: It's always good to have some technical expertise in your partner. But what we're really looking for as well is we recognize that entering into a joint venture like this on 5 plays is not something that lasts for 2 years or 3 years or 4 years. It's something that lasts for the next 20 years. And so we want a partner that we also believe will be aligned with us in our investment objectives and that we can work with over time.
John Richels: Yes, that's still really to be determined, Scott. We got this with this process open and we're going to be a little bit flexible on that, so I can't tell you that at this point.
John Richels: Sure. I mean, we could well if we have the right partner and have the right relationship, this could well expand, not only to Canada, it can expand to other new plays as well. But -- and again David, I'll say that one of our objectives here -- and this is a little bit different joint venture. Most of the joint ventures that you've seen in the business so far have been play-specific. This is one that covers a lot of different plays and has some unique characteristics from that point of view, because it does align both parties with pursuing the ones that make the most sense. We may find that some, as we develop them, we want to sell and put that money into other opportunities within that joint venture, and would be very well aligned with our joint venture and would be very well aligned with our joint partner on that. So I think there's a lot of flexibility. It's early stages in terms of what the exactly a deal like that would like, but it gives us a lot of flexibility to develop these opportunities on a fairly accelerated basis.
John Richels: Well, I'd say that we see in the future that we are going to continue to allocate the vast majority of our capital, 90%-plus to liquids-rich plays. And so I would expect that for some time frame that our liquids growth rate would be consistent with what we're achieving this year in the upper teens because that's what we're focusing our capital.
John Richels: Absolutely. And in fact, we are more positive about the opportunity. And as you can imagine, the more opportunity we have, the more that initial investment becomes as well. And you quite rightly point out, David, that the negative cumulative cash flow on these new projects is not insignificant. And so to the extent you can level that out and put additional funding into some of our development project, it really improves the rate of return and drives more to the bottom line.
David A. Hager: Yes, and once again, I think that whenever we have the opportunity to essentially eliminate the upfront negative cash flow associated with acquiring the acreage, and then that gives us the opportunity to redeploy that capital either back into drilling or share repurchase -- of course, we haven't made a decision on that, it certainly improves the capital efficiency and it certainly improves our ability to grow on a cash flow-per-debt-adjusted share basis. But more specifically on the acreage, we're very, very happy with the acreage position we have. We have been conducting the data room and as John said in his comments -- prepared comments, we've had outstanding interest from the companies who have reviewed our acreage position, so we feel there's -- not only do we like it, there's a lot of independent confirmation from other people out there that we have a great acreage position. Having said that, it is possible that with good results on or continuing good results on some of these, we may incrementally add some acreage on some of these plays. But that's really only going to be driven by the well results that we see. That's one of the reasons we don't want to go into too much detail on what we're seeing right now, because there is some acreage available in some of these plays and we'll be driven by the success of the plays. But even if we don't add any, we're very happy with the position that we have.
David A. Hager: Well, we really have the Cardium in 2 different areas. We have some in the Ferrier Area and we also have Cardium in the Deep Basin play overall. We see, if the whole think could work, we're going to have up to 1,500 gross risk locations, a resource potential somewhere 50 to 100 million barrels. We're seeing EURs, it's still early on, but we're anticipating EURs somewhere in the 200,000 to 300,000 barrels equivalent per well range.
David A. Hager: Once again, you have me there, Mark. We have a big position in Washakie, but we frankly have not been looking significantly at a shale position in the Washakie. And if there is, we'll take a look at it. But it's -- we're looking at a lot of places, but the Washakie is not one that's been hit the radar screen real high for us right now.
David A. Hager: No, I think it's too early on to really go into the details of the scale of the promote that we're looking at. All we can say is we've been very encouraged by the interest from the companies who've been through the data room.
David A. Hager: Well, we obviously, as a global statement, we look at our entire E&P portfolio and allocate capital to what we think are the best return projects across our entire portfolio. So we certainly compare their rates of return in Cana to those in Permian and those in Canada, so we have a good understanding and make sure we're putting capital in the right places. The Cana, the returns do vary somewhat. I'd say particularly the core of Cana where we're currently even conducting the downspacing pilot project, a series of those, those liquids-rich returns are extremely strong. And we're still booked at 5 wells per section in the core of Cana and we see the opportunities of downspacing, we could go to 8 to 10 wells per section. And we frankly only grilled it on one well per section right now in most areas, so we have a lot of liquids-rich opportunities remaining in Cana. Some of the areas do get somewhat leaner. And as you would expect, as you get leaner, then the returns diminish somewhat, but we're careful that we're concentrating our capital in the highest return parts of the plays that compete on a portfolio-wide basis.
David A. Hager: Well, and there's varying degrees. I think you're looking for a simple answer and it's the wells are a spectrum, I'd say, from the core being the absolute best and as you get somewhat less condensate in natural gas liquids, then you have a continuing down to rates. But again, we're funding -- we make sure that we only fund those that compete competitively or compete well with the Permian or the Cardium or any other opportunities in our portfolio, so...
David A. Hager: We've talked before, Doug, about the fact that in places like the Permian, we ought to be able to grow that to the high teens or even up to 20% for the next few years. And as we're continuing to bring additional volumes that we talked about earlier with our planned expansions on in places like the Cana and the Barnett, we're going to get additional liquid volume and of course, Jackfish ramps up from -- the Jackfish 2 from a small number of barrels right now up to somewhere approaching 35,000 barrels a day through next year. So we got a lot of places that we ought to be seeing pretty strong liquids growth over the next year.
David A. Hager: I don't have the exact number in front of me, John. I don't think here. Well, in general it's somewhere around 70%, first year decline, I think -- excuse me, 50%. I see I looked at the wrong number on my spreadsheet, 50%.
David A. Hager: No, we do not in the Permian. Devon's position in the Permian and not unlike, quite frankly, a lot of the other industry participants is that most of that infrastructure is old infrastructure. And most of Devon's acreage with the exception of some of the new acreage that we've acquired there has been committed long term to other midstream parties, and so it really dependent upon them and industry as a whole to move product out of there. So Devon does not see that we're going to put a lot of capital in the Permian basin, although we'll put in some gathering systems. We'll put in some treating facilities. We'll put in some compression. But in terms of large capital expenses, in terms of processing plants or pipelines out of the area, say, down to the Gulf Coast, right now we don't see that, that's a space we'll be in.
Darryl G. Smette: This is Darryl Smette. Well, what we have seen, as you probably know, is a greater increase in activity and that has led to a much greater increase in supply. The positive side of that is that we've seen a substantial increase in demand, both on the export side of things, propane primarily, and some increased activity in the manufacturing sector, including refinery. We expect that demand will continue to increase as we go through 2012. We have a little bit of concern as we get into the middle of 2013 that we might see supply exceed demand for a while until some of the new petrochemical plants come onstream and the expansion in the greenfields. So we think that -- there could be some weakness as we get to the mid-2013, maybe into 2014. But past that, we see demand from some of these new projects coming online. And so we think that we'll start seeing the value of NGLs pick up again after we get into 2014.
Darryl G. Smette: This is Darryl again. We really do not have any plans to be sand miners. But we continue to see price escalation, primarily on the service side of our business. Drilling rigs and other services have increased about 2% in the third quarter from the second quarter. Overall, we're going to probably see a 10% to 12% increase in cost this year. We expect that we're going to see some pressure on costs, primarily in the service sector as we go into 2012. The biggest areas where we've seen the biggest increase in service costs have been recently in the Permian. They continue to grow fairly rapidly in Canada. And then industry, I think, has seen some pretty strong service costs to South Texas, but Devon's not a big player in South Texas. But they have started winding down a little bit from where we saw in the first half of the year, but they're still increasing primarily in the simulation side in the drilling rigs.
Darryl G. Smette: This is Darryl again. We're probably going to see about a $300 million midstream cost in 2011. While we haven't finalized our budget for 2012, we know we're going to spend about $200 million of the roughly $300 million on our Cana plant and our Barnett plant in 2012, so there's not been a lot deferred quite frankly. But while we haven't finalized our budget, we'll probably see $200 million in plants, the 2 plants that I mentioned. We have about $75 million to $80 million of what I call maintaining capital that we spend every year on compression and things of that nature. So $305 million this year. My guess is that we're going to be north of $300 million next year, could be a little bit stronger than that depending on where we drill the wells, how much infrastructure is needed, whether we need CO2 removal facilities, additional compression, that type of thing.
