Vincent White: Thank you, operator, and good morning to everyone. Welcome to Devon's year-end 2010 earnings call and webcast.  Today, we will follow our standard format. I will begin with a few preliminary items and then I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, John Richels. John's going to provide the highlights of 2010 and his thoughts on the year ahead. Following John's remarks, Dave Hager, our Executive Vice President of Exploration and Production, will cover the operating highlights as well as our 2011 capital program. And then finally, Jeff Agosta, our CFO, will finish up with a review of the year's financial results and our guidance for 2011. At that point, we'll open the call to your questions. I'd like to point out that we have our Executive Chairman, Larry Nichols, and other members of the senior management team with us today for the Q&A session. As usual, we'll conclude the call in about an hour. And if we don't get to your question during the call, the IR staff will be around the rest of the day to take any follow-up. As always, we ask each participant to limit his or her question to one initial inquiry and one follow-up, and we'll attempt to enforce that.  A replay of this call will be available later today through a link on our Home page. That's devonenergy.com. After the call today, we'll file a Form 8-K. That will provide our full year detailed forecast for operating items, as well as our capital plans for 2011. And the guidance section of the Devon website will contain a copy of the 8-K, along with any other forward-looking estimates that we mention on the call. To access that information, you just click on the Guidance link found within the Investor Relations section of the Devon website. Before we get to the business of the call, we are obligated to remind you that the discussions today of our expectations, plans, forecasts and estimates are all considered forward-looking statements under U.S. Securities Law. And while we always strive to give you the very best estimates possible, there are many factors that could cause our actual results to differ from these estimates. For a discussion of those risk factors, see the Form 8-K that we're filing today.  One other note, we refer to various non-GAAP performance measures in today's call. When we use these measures, U.S. securities law requires us to provide certain additional disclosures. Those disclosures are available for your review on our website as well.  Before we jump into the call, I have a couple of things to remind everybody of. First, our strategic repositioning that took us out of the Gulf of Mexico and international businesses triggered accounting rules for discontinued operations. However, the accounting standards for discontinued ops do not apply to our Gulf of Mexico divestitures, so that creates a confusing situation. While we've excluded the international production volumes for all periods presented and collapsed the revenues and expenses associated with the international operations into the discontinued ops line item on the income statement, the results from our divested Gulf of Mexico operations are included in our continuing operations for the portion of 2010 up to the point of sale of those assets. For that reason, we're providing supplemental information in our press release today that isolates our results from go-forward North American onshore operations. Similar to the last several quarters, the accounting treatment for discontinued ops affected the comparability of earnings estimates from TheStreet during the fourth quarter. However, now by this time, most analysts are reporting fourth quarter estimates for continuing operations only. The first call mean [ph] of those analysts that forecasted continuing ops was $1.40 a share. And our actual results of non-GAAP earnings of $1.46 per share exceeded those expectations by $0.06. With those items out of the way, I'll turn the call over to our President and CEO, John Richels.
Vincent White: Sure. Well, you used the word "disadvantage," Doug, and your observation is correct that currently, brand is commanding a higher price per barrel than North American crudes and obviously, NGLs' prices are depressed. I would point out that even in the current environment, our liquids-rich Cana and Barnett plays are in a better rate of return than almost anything in the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico or international arenas because of the long cycle times and the impact of production sharing contracts on returns. And that's in a depressed natural gas and liquids environment. I'd also point out that a lot of our growth is black oil. Our largest liquids growth areas in 2011 are the Permian and Jackfish. 3/4 of our Permian growth will be oil, not NGLs, or of our total liquids growth in the Permian will be oil and not NGLs. And of course, Jackfish, 100% of that growth is oil. So we are not changing our oil and NGLs mix during 2011. We anticipate growing them both and maintaining our percentage of oil, which is more oil than NGLs.
Vincent White: This is Vince. In the first place, the Barnett is competitive within our portfolio in the liquids-rich portions and that's why we are running 12 rigs there, to keep our production at plant capacity. The future will depend on the evolution of our view of commodity prices. We would probably be drilling more dry gas wells in the Barnett if we had a three-year view of $6 or better for average of Henry Hub prices. But it also depends on the other opportunities within our portfolio and how they compete for capital.
Vincent White: Yes, that's in Wheeler County and we're targeting primarily what we call the Cherokee and the Granite Wash A there. We have also prospectivity in some of the deeper zones within the Granite Wash. To give you an idea, though, we have what we think is probably about 100 additional Cherokee locations that are operated and probably, about 60 non-operated and probably, a little over 100 locations within the Granite Wash A. And those are the two zones that we've been getting the results we talk about. We'll also have some lower Granite Wash locations, probably on the order of about 200 operated and about 250 non-op. We're starting to test some of those lower ones. They're probably not going to be quite as prolific as the upper zones, but we still think they could be very economic.
David Hager: It's a little early to talk about results. We just got our first wells down and are completing them. So I think, probably next quarter, we'll have a lot more to say on that.
David Hager: Where we're actually drilling the Bone Springs is a little -- not exactly the same acreage, although we think there is some overlap in the prospectivity, in general, that we're not drilling those in exactly the same locations. The Bone Springs, the first and second Bone Springs tend to be more up in New Mexico, a little bit to the north of where we're drilling our Avalon wells. And then the third Bone Springs located in Texas, a little bit to the southeast of where we're currently drilling our Avalon wells. So they are different areas. If you look at the Bone Springs, you want to talk about the EURs that we potentially have in there. We'd give those EURs on the order of 300,000 to 400,000 Boe, perhaps even a little bit better as we get down into the third Bone Springs. It looks like it's a little bit higher recovery than the first and second Bone Springs. The Avalon, we've said previously, around the order of 400,000 to 600,000 Boe per well and that's -- we're currently continuing to evaluate that and staying with that range.
David Hager: Yes, we think there is overlap in prospectivity. We haven't actually drilled them on the same locations but we think the prospectivity overlaps, yes.
David Hager: I think I'd say it has to do probably more with where we drilled in our initial wells in these trends versus necessary what the overall trend may be once we drill everything up. And so for instance in the Avalon, we have seen in the wells that we've drilled a little bit higher gas content and where we drilled our initial wells, although we're seeing some trends there that would indicate that overall, it's going to be probably within the range we'd thought. It's just not where we drilled our initial wells. And so that's what I think we're looking at.
David Hager: Well, we're looking at a number of new ventures, plays, and we're just not going to get into details of exactly which ones we're pursuing. But we're certainly aware of that play.
David Hager: No, I wouldn't say that's a major constraint for us. We're able to access the rigs, the rig rates are going up somewhat. There's no question about that. But we have been able to access the rigs that we need in order to execute the program. Our constraint right now, I'd say, we think we're in good balance with the 17 rigs we have. We don't want to outrun the infrastructure. And frankly, we don't want to outrun the pace of our learnings from a technical perspective either, and that's probably more the governor than the actual availability of rigs.
John Richels: Mark, I think we're going to try to do a bit of a resource update later on in the year, and I'm not sure we can tell you exactly what that is. But directionally, our resource base has increased significantly. We've got more prospective resource in the Cana than we thought we have. Of course, we've added a lot in our heavy oil projects where we think we probably got another 750 million barrels net to Devon of recoverable resource with the addition of our Pike resource. And all of this work that we're doing in the Permian Basin -- I mean, these are all new areas, sometimes on lands that we had for a while because of their held by production. But we, of course, will know more about that. And then lastly, we've got a very significant focus, as Dave mentioned, on new ventures, both in Canada and here in the United States, and we're pretty excited about that. As Dave said, we'd added about 750,000 acres to, of course, 1 million acres to an already large HBP position. And that will, as we get the first results from that, that will significantly add to our resource space. So the short answer is I don't think we can tell you exactly what it is. But directionally, our resource base is getting larger over time.
John Richels: Well, yes, much more, dramatically more. And as you know, just the proved reserves that we added, we're more than twice our 2010 production. In fact, as we said, replace our 2010 production and all of the assets that we sold in 2010 as well. So the resource potential, like in addition to those proved reserves, would be many multiples.
John Richels: Let me just throw something out. I always find this to be a kind of a fascinating thing about the Barnett and just why you want to call it the asset. [ph] As Dave mentioned, we're going to spend about $900 million in capital this year in the Barnett. It's going to throw off that assuming $4.50 gas, it's going to throw off somewhere around $1.4 billion of cash flow, so $450 million or $500 million of free cash flow over our capital expenditures. And then, our Midstream business, which as you know has thrown off $400 million, $500 million a year is roughly 80% centered in that area. So there's another several hundred million dollars that's attributable to that. So it just shows you the tremendous economics that we're getting around this play, and we have many, many years of running room left in the Barnett.
John Richels: No. I think you've stated it well. Right now, it still looks like it's been sort of very good buy and I think it's a very prudent allocation of some of those divestiture funds.
John Richels: Well, thanks, again, for joining us this morning. As Vince said earlier, our Investor Relations staff will be around all day, if you have additional questions. So give us a call, and we'll talk to you next quarter. Thank you very much.
