Scott Coody: Good morning, and thank you to everyone for joining us on the call today. Last night, we issued an earnings release and presentation that cover our results for the quarter and our forward-looking outlook. Throughout the call today, we will make references to our earnings presentation to support our prepared remarks, and these slides can be found on our website. Also joining me on the call today are Rickhard Muncrief, our President and CEO; Clay Gaspar, our Chief Operating Officer; Jeff Ritenour, our Chief Financial Officer; and a few other members of our senior management team.  Comments today will include plans, forecasts and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. These comments are subject to assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from our forward-looking statements. Please take note of the cautionary language and risk factors provided in our SEC filings and earnings materials. With that, I'll turn the call over to Rick.
Scott Coody: Thanks, Rick. We will now open the call to Q&A. [Operator Instructions]. With that, operator, we'll take your first question.
Scott Coody: All right. Well, I appreciate everyone's interest in Devon today. And if you have any further questions, please don't hesitate to reach out to the Investor Relations team at any time. Have a good day.
Jeffrey Ritenour: Thanks, Clay. For today, I will cover the progress we've made on our financial priorities and highlight the next steps in the execution of our financial strategy. Beginning on Slide 5, a key and differentiating part of our financial strategy is our ability and willingness to accelerate the return of cash to shareholders. At Devon, we have a long history of returning cash to shareholders, paying a quarterly dividend for 28 consecutive years that has increased at an average rate of more than 10% per year.  To step up our game and build upon this tradition, earlier this year, we implemented our fixed plus variable dividend framework. This cash return strategy is designed to pay a sustainable fixed dividend and evaluate a variable dividend on a quarterly basis.  The fix component of this policy is our legacy quarterly dividend that is paid at a rate of $0.11 per share and targeted at a sustainable payout level of approximately 10% of operating cash flow and mid-cycle pricing. The variable dividend is intended to be a supplemental distribution of up to 50% of excess free cash flow beyond the fixed dividend. As Rick touched on earlier, this isn't just an interesting theoretical concept.  We are executing on this framework, and we paid our initial fixed plus variable dividend in March of this year based on our fourth quarter results. And with our strong financial performance in the first quarter of this year, the Board approved a 13% increase in our fixed-plus-variable dividend to $0.34 per share. Both the fixed quarterly dividend of $0.11 per share and the variable dividend of $0.23 per share are payable on June 30 to shareholders.  Turning to Slide 6. In addition to higher dividend payouts, another strategic priority for Devon has been the repayment of debt to further strengthen our investment-grade financial position. So far this year, we've made significant progress towards this initiative by retiring $743 million of outstanding notes. While our balance sheet is in great shape, we're not done making improvements. Today, we acted on the next step in our plan by notifying bondholders of our intent to redeem $500 million of callable 2026 notes in June.  In combination, these debt reduction efforts will reduce our annual run rate interest expense by nearly $70 million, further lowering our overall breakeven per barrel. With the execution of our plan, we're on pace to reach 1x net debt-to-EBITDA target by year-end, and these debt retirement actions extend the average maturity of our debt portfolio to approximately 13 years with over 60% of our debt maturing after 2030.  Turning to Slide 7. Another area of focus that will enhance Devon's cash flow generating capabilities going forward is the capturing of merger-related synergies. The integration team has done a great job advancing this initiative year-to-date. And as a result, we are now raising our cost savings target to $600 million by year-end 2021. This updated target represents a 4% increase in cost savings compared to our previously issued guidance. While we're making strong progress across all categories. This improved outlook is driven by capital efficiency gains and the benefits of enhanced purchasing power in the Delaware Basin.  Overall, about 60% of the $600 million of cost savings targets has been incorporated into our full year 2021 outlook, and we have clear line of sight to capture the remaining synergies by year-end. The capturing of these synergies is very material and impactful to Devon, [indiscernible] in a PV-10 uplift over the next 5 years of $2.5 billion or roughly 15% of our market cap. And with that, I'll now turn the call back to Rick for some closing comments.
Jeffrey Ritenour: Yes. No, Doug, you're exactly right. The one caveat I'll make, and we denoted on the slide, obviously, we've assumed that we've captured all the synergies in this analysis. And we've also eliminated, obviously, the hedges that were burdened by in the current year. But when you put that all together and think about what the power of this business model can do going forward at these higher prices that we're currently experiencing, that's -- it's incredibly powerful. And that's what we try to demonstrate here on the slide is, although you can see from the bars, which are burdened by the current construct. When you eliminate some of that, you capture the synergies, you eliminate the commodity hedges on a go-forward basis, those are the kind of free cash flow yields that we think we can generate.
Jeffrey Ritenour: Yes, that's right. We're pushing to the mid- to low 30s. And that's going to go lower as NGL prices improve.
Jeffrey Ritenour: Yes, Janine, this is Jeff. I think you're spot on. As we've talked about in the past, as we continue to execute on the plan and generate excess free cash flow into this year, we feel really good about where the balance sheet is with the announced additional $500 million debt reduction we announced today, we're well down the path to reaching our targets. We're forecasting to be at that kind of 1x net debt-to-EBITDA target at the end of this year, if not sooner. So we feel really good about where the balance sheet is. And then to your question, we'll absolutely be talking to the Board about should we reevaluate that 50% threshold and maybe start putting more cash to the variable dividend beyond that 50% and then even considering things like the fixed dividend as well.  I will tell you the way we think about the fixed dividend, as you mentioned, is a payout ratio of cash flow kind of 5% to 10% on normalized pricing, which historically, we thought about normalized pricing kind of being in that $50 to $55 oil range. If we believe there's, as Rick mentioned earlier in some of his comments, if we see a structural change, in the pricing dynamic in the macro environment that would suggest to us that normalized pricing is higher than that kind of $50 to $55 level, that's when we would reevaluate the fixed dividend. But -- so I think what you're most likely to see from us in the near-term is incremental cash on the variable dividend and an increase in that threshold later this year or certainly into next year.
Jeffrey Ritenour: David, the only thing I would add to my earlier comments is we're not averse to continuing to build cash and driving our net debt lower. We obviously focused on the 1x net debt-to-EBITDA target, but we're not averse to taking that even lower. But as we mentioned before, I mean, we're in an enviable position of generating a significant amount of free cash flow. We're just fundamentally of the belief that given our maintenance capital program and how we're executing, we need to return that cash to shareholders. And so I think it's likely that our Board will debate and discuss the opportunity to increase that threshold and then consider other options to continue to get cash returns back to shareholders.
Jeffrey Ritenour: Yes, David, honestly, we haven't got a lot of clarity on that from investors in our conversations at this point in time. I'm looking forward to -- we've been really excited to get not only 1 but 2 of these kind of under our belt and hopefully start to gather some of the attention that we think it deserves. And I think it's likely we'll have some of those conversations going forward. But frankly, just haven't got a lot of line of sight to that at this point.
Jeffrey Ritenour: Yes. No, Rick, I think, you nailed it. The only thing I would add on is, to your question is we feel really good, again, where the balance sheet is and the free cash flow generation capability sits today. So we're roughly kind of on the back half of this year, I think 40% hedged. As it relates to oil. And then as you move into 2022, I think we're more hovering around maybe 20% hedged. We feel really comfortable with those levels to just reiterate Rick's point. And so I don't think you'll see us add hedges in a meaningful way based on where we sit today and how the balance sheet.
Richard Muncrief: Thank you, Jeff. Great job. I would like to close by reiterating his key message, and that is the integration of the 2 companies is complete, and the team is delivering on exactly what we promised to do. We have prioritized free cash flow over growth. We have identified and captured cost synergies above and beyond our plan. We have a free cash flow that compares favorably to virtually any other asset class in the entire market we're rewarding shareholders with higher dividends, and we've taken some steps to aggressively reduce the debt.  Our team is focused and energized in 2021 is shaping up to be an excellent year for Devon. This is just the beginning. Devon's future is very bright. And with that, I will now turn the call back over to Scott for Q&A.
Richard Muncrief: Yes, Arun, that's something we'll always be contemplating. But right now, we're really focused on 2021. And the second half of this year is really shaping up to be a quite strong second half. We're going to see great momentum going into 2022. As far as the capital plan, we've not started working that yet. That will take place at later throughout the year. So I think it's a little bit early. I know that investors are really interested in that. But I think suffice to say for us right now, we're really focused on having great momentum into 2022. And with a keen focus, still to be on generating free cash flow and getting that back to shareholders. I think the second part of your question is around maybe some consolidation that's going on. You have seen quite a few transactions that have taken place over the last few months. I think we've been on record of saying we're we support that. I think some of the industry needs to do. But as far as Devon specifically, we've had a high bar that bar just continues to go up. When you start looking at the organic opportunities we have, and Lea and Eddy County, New Mexico and Loving County and Reeves County, Texas, you can just see that just in Inter Delaware, we have just a phenomenal amount of running room.  And so we just have to be thoughtful about that. And on top of that, we have our or other assets that all are playing a very key role for us in the company and the go-forward plan. So that's kind of where we are today.
Richard Muncrief: Yes, Doug, it's Rick. I'll just weigh in real quickly. I just think that I would give this team maybe another quarter, and you'll get a little more clarity around where that breakeven is. But I think I think your view is directionally correct, and we'll continue to tighten that up a little bit.
Richard Muncrief: Yes. I think you're right on. I mean, some of those numbers -- that's what the numbers definitely imply. We look at it the same way. So I think we align closely with you. I think as we think about 2022 and beyond. The key word for us, I think, is optionality. There's no doubt we could have just almost a stunning yield coming from the company. And we'll just have to balance that with continuing to aggressively pay down some debt and strengthen the balance sheet. It's already in good shape.  But I think the key word for me is optionality. And I think that's kind of helped. I think we should look at it right now. But directionally, you were absolutely correct. The free cash flow yield at these kind of levels and gives you the ability to pay a very, very substantial variable dividend.
Richard Muncrief: It does. I think for us, we are absolutely spot on with the free cash flow generation being our #1 priority. As you think about the future, as far as growth company is concerned, the framework we laid out when we announced this transaction back last September, I think, is still intact. And that is we see up to 5% growth is probably, as we think about different sensitivities, that still is where we land. So 5% growth at a -- as you're approaching 300,000 barrels of oil a day, that's not insignificant growth. And so if you think about the corresponding cash flow that comes from that is something that we just has to contemplate. But optionality is a great thing to have.
Richard Muncrief: No, that's a good question. And I think right now, as we've said, we're in year 1 of the integration. Every one of the assets that we have are playing a role with the free cash flow generation focus that we have. And so -- and I think Clay even talked about it. There are some things that we're doing in the Anadarko that or test that could really change your minds also as assets and make some great returns right now with the JV that we have with Dow Chemicals.  So it's something we'll always look at, Nitin, but we feel really good with our portfolio. We feel really good with our free cash flow generation and balance sheet, and we want to be really thoughtful if we need to do additional, I'd say, portfolio optimization.
Richard Muncrief: Yes. Paul, this is Rick. I may add, one of the things that our exposure in Lea and Eddy County, those are federal units and sometimes with federal units, you don't have internal hard lines. So it really sets you up nicely to drill the 3-mile lateral. So that's something that -- it's still too early for us to talk about 2022 and beyond plans. But I would say our land position is really conducive to -- in some areas to do just that.
Richard Muncrief: Well, I think the consolidation -- the trend has been a little -- it's really been a little hard to draw a straight-line for it. We've seen -- just -- I'll just go back to last September, you saw 3 really attractive transactions happen back-to-back to back, and then it was pretty quiet. And then since that time, most of the transactions have been asset level deals. And I'd say in that $200 million to $800 million range, a few -- the few of those that have been done. But it's hard to have a trend. I think that as far as consolidation, you'll probably see it continue to some degree. And I think it's -- we've long said, it's probably a healthy thing for our industry. But it depends on which one of our peers we talk to.
Richard Muncrief: Well, I think, number one, you see up in the Bakken, it's a great base of operating, and that's why you've seen the activity, and you actually see some pretty competitive transactions recently. So I think it just shows the value of the asset that we have up there. We've got a great team. And as we've always said, the margins up there and the leverage you get from an improving crude oil price really drive home cash flows. And we're seeing that day in and day out.  So it is a area. We've been very open on that, Neal, to your question. It does not have the inventory that some of our other basins do. But it is playing a very, very important role right now, and it's cranking out a lot of cash for us. So I think we need to keep it. I think the in the Powder is almost the inverse of that. We have the opportunity to be very thoughtful. We have a great position there. It's very high cut we don't have to rush. We can be very thoughtful, very strategic about that asset, and we're encouraged with some of the things we're seeing there.  And I think you're going to see more activity up there from a few of the other operators. And so we'll learn from them as well. And in the meantime, we'll keep pounding the very high return, low-risk opportunities that we have in our portfolio. So I'd say right now, it's the summary of those comments are full steam ahead of that with the portfolio we have, and we're excited about it. And as we've said, it's all about generating free cash right now.
Richard Muncrief: Yes. I think, some your questions are fine, but I think it just simply -- it's kind of just too early.
Richard Muncrief: Yes. I'd just say we'll probably just stick with our capital spend. It's on track, and it's looking good. We're seeing great results, and we don't see anything at this point in time to alter our plan.
Richard Muncrief: Well, I think that's something that you'll be talking about maybe down the road. Right now, our Board has spent a lot of time just focusing on what we've talked about today, and that is positioning the company to be the leader that we are in the dividend framework that we have. And so I think our Board is very pleased. We'll watch how the equity performs. We're very bullish on our equity, and we think we're going to get rewarded for this. We certainly hope so. And so that's what our Board has been focused on. We'll have plenty of time to talk about outer years in the next few quarters. But right now, we're in a good spot.
Clay Gaspar: Yes, Arun, I would say it's a little tough to say business as usual, right? I mean we work very closely with lots of counterparties, including the BLM, and they're in a little bit of a tough spot. I mean they're still trying to figure out directives from the administration from the Department of Interior. So I would say we're still in a bit of a transitional phase. But that doesn't deter from our ability -- or our focus on continuing to be a good partner, working very aggressively and very supportively with them, making sure that we are proactive in our business so that we don't find ourselves in a short-term pinch.  And I think that's proven out to be very advantageous as you had -- as we've seen in the prior disruption that we've experienced. So I think we're still a little bit away from business as usual, but we look forward to that for everybody's sake.
Clay Gaspar: Yes, Doug, we're still working on pulling together the quantifiable numbers of what we would call inventory, make sure we're talking the same language. But I would say, at a real high level, both legacy companies had substantial inventory. And I think as we continue to run in this 0% to 5% window, it's multiple -- many years of forward inventory.  And you know how the maturing of these opportunities evolve. So we look very closely at to, say, the next 5 years of inventory to make sure that we are ready to invest in any one of those projects, which we are. And then kind of that 5 to 10-year span, those may take additional down spacing tests understanding the right completion techniques and that maturing happens in those coming years. So I would say it's probably closer to a 10-year range, but we will get -- we'll continue to refine that and work towards a real tight number that we can talk about in a consistent method.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. The summary is it's great news. We've got exceptionally low breakeven, a lot of exceptionally good inventory and exceptionally strong balance sheet. So that makes for a pretty good environment.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Thanks for the question, Paul. I would say both legacy companies have a history of 3-mile wells as well. On the WPX side, it was more in the Williston Basin. I can tell you that, that third mile sometimes was productive to the level that it should be. And sometimes, we looked at it, and we really scratched our head wondering if we were effectively draining that third mile. So I would say it was a situational analysis that we didn't move towards that as the standard. Now flipping over to the Delaware Basin, Devon has really led the industry on some 3-mile development. And what we're seeing on that side is that third mile is very productive. Obviously, very cost competitive.  And when you combine that, it shows to be really a nice accretive procedures to do. Now there's a backdrop of land. Once you organize a development for an area, it can be difficult to immediately switch from a 2 model a 3 mile. But there's a situation, we talk about synergies. This is something that will never show up in the cash flow statement, but it is an absolute synergy. So we had some wells that were on the calendar from the WPX side that were 3 miles -- a 3-mile development.  We were going to break it into two 7,500 mile developments -- or 7,500-foot developments, excuse me. And that was the plan because we didn't have the existing basis of experience in the basin that we felt confident that some of our best stuff, and we really want to risk experimenting with 3 miles here.  Once we've merged the companies, the teams come together. Now immediately, we have a couple of dozen very high quality, really good experience operations that we were able to apply to the state line area, and we flipped that to 3-mile development. So I would say, where appropriate, we feel very comfortable in the technology being able to drill that third mile is not the biggest challenge. In my mind, it's effectively stimulating and draining that third mile. And I think from the experience from the legacy Devon side, we've proven that it's very effective. So great question, and I appreciate that.
Clay Gaspar: I don't know the exact number, but I would put it pretty low. Like I said, we have a couple of dozen on the Devon side. We're fairly far along on the development scenario kind of a setup of some of our other areas, especially on the Texas side, kind of working towards the 2-mile development. And so I think it will be looking for those opportunities, maybe that we had a 3-mile stack or we could trade into those but at this point, I would say it's going to remain a relatively small amount of our future development. But where appropriate, it's great to have that tool in the toolbox.
Clay Gaspar: It's pretty exciting. Just on the cost front. We show that quarter-over-quarter trend really from back in 2018 and a 43% reduction in D&C is pretty remarkable. But it's much more -- there's so much more opportunity because if you think about those -- that particular pad, that was really drilled and completed without much of the synergies that we're talking about from the combined companies. As I look forward in the next few quarters, kind of what's happening right now, things that are being tested and blended and combined completion design is a huge opportunity, facility design, big opportunity.  Just getting the subsurface teams that have been working in relative isolation in the legacy companies in the same room, comparing notes, challenging each other, challenging that we know this because we've studied this and we studied this and studied this. Having somebody walk in and say, I see it differently. And just the ensuing exciting conversation that happens is amazing and very synergistic to itself. The 3-mile wells I mentioned, supply chain bidding strategies, the economies of scale associated with something as simple as a chemical program, can be very valuable.  Technology, what we're doing with cameras and AI watching wells 24/7, looking for those environmental opportunities for us to continue to move in the right direction. Well monitoring, thinking about how do we improve on preventive maintenance and thinking about machine learning associated with that.  And then certainly, ESG, I think Devon had a couple of years ahead, a head start on WPX, the WPX side, I think we are really trying to ramp our knowledge and I think blending that with the existing great work that the Devon side of the house has done has really supercharged that, and we're seeing wins kind of across the board. I look forward to what Rick mentioned earlier in a couple of months, being able to really more fully articulate our ESG strategy go forward.
Clay Gaspar: Said another way, production is not going to be our limit. If we can make more production for the same capital, we're all for that. And so I think the big thing we stick to our capital. And you've heard that a number of times today, for '21 and make sure we're being as efficient with those investments we possibly can.
