Vincent White: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to Devon's First Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. Today's call will follow our usual format. I'll take care of a couple of housekeeping items and then Larry Nichols, our CEO, will give his thoughts on the quarter, as well as an update on our strategic repositioning. Following Larry's remarks, our President, John Richels, will provide a financial review and then Dave Hager, our Executive Vice President of Exploration and Production, will cover our capital budget and the operating highlights. We will follow with a Q&A period and as usual, we will hold the call to about an hour. As always, we ask that participants on the call to keep their questions in the Q&A session to one question and one follow-up. A replay of this call will be available later today through a link on our homepage.  And also during the call, we will update some of our forward-looking estimates based on actual results for the first quarter. Since the revisions are pretty minor, we are not planning on issuing a new 8-K, but we will post these changes to the guidance area of our website. To find that, just click on the Guidance link found in the Investor Relations section of Devon's website. Please note that all references in today's call to our plans, forecasts, expectations and estimates are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. And there are many factors that could cause our actual results to differ from those estimates. We encourage you to review the discussion of risk factors and uncertainties that is provided with our forecast in our Form 8-K. One other compliance note, we'll use certain non-GAAP performance measures in today's call. When we use those measures, we're required to provide certain related disclosures. Those disclosures are also available on the Devon website.  Finally, I want to remind you that our financial and operational reporting has been complicated by the restructuring that we're undergoing. Our plan to divest our international operations has triggered accounting rules for discontinued operations. Under those rules, we're required to exclude our international oil and gas production from our reported production volumes for all of the periods presented. The related revenues and expenses for our international operations are collapsed into a single line item at the end of our statement of operations. That line item is filed discontinued operations. For those of you interested in a more detailed review of the international results, we have supplied additional tables in our news release. And to make matters worse, even though we are selling our assets in the Gulf of Mexico, the accounting standards for discontinued operations do not apply to this Gulf assets. The results of operations from those divestiture assets reside in our continuing operations up to the date of closing of the sale of those properties. Throughout the call, our comments will generally be directed to results from continuing operations but wherever possible, we'll provide additional commentary specifically targeting our North American onshore results or our keeper properties. Information is also provided in our press release to enable you to isolate certain results from Devon's North American onshore operations. The accounting treatment of the divestiture properties also complicates the comparability of earnings estimates. About 2/3 of the analysts that reported estimates the first call this quarter excluded the impact of the discontinued operations. The mean estimate of earnings per share from analysts that excluded discontinued operations is $1.43 for the first quarter. That compares to our non-GAAP earnings from continuing operations of $1.65 per diluted share for the first quarter. For those analysts that included discontinued operations in their estimate, the mean estimate was $1.50 per share as compared to our adjusted diluted earnings per share of $1.85. So in either case, our first quarter results were significantly better than the Street's expectations. At this point, I'll turn the call over to Larry.
Vincent White: When you say that, Dave, you mean the bulk of our activity in the greater Carthage in the Haynesville play. Yes.
Vincent White: Doug, this is Vince. I've looked at this and in the more liquids-rich parts of the Cana and the Barnett, it pushes our full cycle, not breakeven, but the price we need to generate what we consider an acceptable rate of return, which is about a minimum of about 20% after tax. It pushes the realized price below $5 that we need in those plays, more like the $4.50 range. And I might add that we also generate midstream return in the Barnett, on the liquids-rich plays over and above that 20% after-tax rate of return at those price levels. So that gives you a feel for it.
Vincent White: No, not at all. In fact, they're above, based on the current strip, they're above a 20% after-tax rate of return.
Vincent White: Yes. Just to clarify, Doug. We have essentially completed the sale of all deepwater assets. And we've got a contract with Apache. They're committed to moving forward. And we expect to close that transaction in the near future. You are correct that at some point, that data will be right for disclosure, and we will be required to disclose the allocation of value, in terms of what we received for the Gulf assets in the second quarter. But we are under a confidentiality agreement and we are not yet prepared to do that.
Vincent White: Brian, I'll take a stab at this. We're about a third oil and liquids in our North American onshore assets, which is reflective of our capital budgets allocated in a similar fashion. If you look at dry gas versus oil- and liquids-rich plays, we've got a -- of course, the future will be opportunity driven. We clearly have a strong growth rate out of our oil sands production, going forward. But depending on market conditions, we have a lot of growth potential and dry gas opportunities as well. So I figured, it's very much going to depend on what we choose to do, going forward, and that will reflect our view of future prices.
Vincent White: Yes, Rehan. It would be a curve, and I don't have the details in front of me. But we certainly lose some of that potential at $4 gas. We're looking at the recoverable potential under our overall acreage position, based on our long-term view of prices, which would be above $4 in the current cost environment. And that's the other component that has to be considered when looking at what's economic.
Vincent White: Oh we certainly lose some there. Right. And of course, liquids prices and oil prices also interplay into that resource potential as well.
Vincent White: Okay, we've got no more callers in the queue, so we'll end today's call. Thank you for your participation.
David Hager: Well, we're not going to go into too much detail on it, David. I can tell you that we are interested in that area. We continue to add acreage as we speak. We do have, overall, several hundred thousand acres in the Delaware Basin. We already have a large acreage position, and we are looking to add to that position as we speak.
David Hager: Yes, we have several wells that we're planning to drill down there, because San Augustine County is where we have exclusively term acres down in San Augustine County. We also have term acreage up in Shelby. And so some of the wells we've been drilling in Shelby, and I alluded to, were actually to evaluate the term acreage in Shelby. We have both term and acreage held by production in Shelby. But we are currently -- we have one well that has finished drilling down there, and we're waiting a frac on that. That would be the sublet well, where that frac should start around the end of May or so. We also have a couple of wells that are currently drilling down -- that well, by the way, is a Bossier Shale well that's awaiting frac-ing. We also have two more wells that we're drilling currently down in San Augustine County, one a Bossier Shale well, one a Haynesville Shale well. And we're going to focus the bulk of our activities for the remainder of the year on San Augustine, Sabine and the Southern parts of Shelby County to really get a good handle on what the potential is of our term acreage.
David Hager: To give you a little bit further color on that, we've gone back and re-examined all of our capital we'll be spending the remainder of the year. And essentially all of the capital that we're spending for the rest of the year, we're confident that these price levels that we're seeing generate a 20%-plus rate of return, with the lone exception, the one challenge we have, really, is in the Haynesville area. And that's where I was -- we just really need to evaluate the potential, particularly on our term acreage down in San Augustine and Shelby counties. But that's the most challenged part of our portfolio, but we don't fully understand that yet, from a science standpoint. But everything else has generated very strong rates of returns. We just completed that review.
David Hager: Well, we think that as all essentially core acreage. There is a liquids-rich portion within that core acreage, which is where we're really getting the 11 Bcf equivalent per well, and even better economics in the rest of the play. But all of that, we feel, lies within the heart of the Cana play. And that is a significant increase from the numbers we've been talking about previously. That's because we have picked up on the order of about 60,000 additional acres into play, and the play does appear to be moving a little bit off to the West and Northwest to bring those acres into the core.
David Hager: I can't give you an exact number on that. I'd probably got to get back to you. But I'd say, at least half of that play is liquids rich and probably closer to 2/3.
David Hager: Well, we currently have nine rigs active in the play, and we feel that's adequate to hold the acreage.
David Hager: Yes, well, I think the main thing is we did have a couple wells that came on here during this quarter. I mentioned at around 10 million a day. And these are wells -- we are continuing to refine our completion techniques, and so these are ones that we felt we could bring on at the higher rate without risking any reservoir damage here. And no promises, but it looks like things are continuing to improve as we learn more out there. And so it looks like we're continuing to get higher initial rates on these. These wells do have -- amongst the shale plays, I'd say, probably on the lower end of decline, you tend to have first year declines on the order of about 60% to 65%, which obviously, is lower than a lot of the things we're seeing in some of the other plays, such as the Haynesville.
David Hager: Well, not given the completion technique, we're not going into all the details of what we're doing out there. But no, we're comfortable with -- we bring on these wells at higher rate and not risk a formation. That's right.
David Hager: The most of the -- we picked up some within and amongst where we already had acreage, but the bulk of the acreage addition was off to the Northwest, and I think what you'd consider between the continental well that has been talked about and our existing acreage position.
David Hager: We're not going to say specifically what we're out there paying for acreage, Mark. But we are very happy with the price we paid, and then we still generate very strong economics.
John Richels: Yes, there is some potential up there, David. There is a -- specifically, it appears maybe an Exshaw oil play that exists or there's been some people that have talked about -- specifically, I know Quicksilver is talking about potential up there is immediately to the west of the Northern part of our Horn River play. We do plan to evaluate that oil potential with our future drilling program. We don't have a lot of details on it as we speak, but we recognize the potential exists there. We just need to get some more work done it to really evaluate how significant that may be.
John Richels: Sales are going to close throughout the year. So probably the next tranche that'll close is the shelf assets. We don't quite have a good visibility around exactly when the Brazilian and Azerbaijan assets will close, just because there are other approvals that are required. But we are pretty confident that will all going to close in the next little while. As you look at what we're going to due with the funds, I mean, we've talked about the $3.5 billion share repurchase today, because we just think that buying back our stock is a really compelling application of our funds right now. We just don't think our stock is valued where it ought to be, and so that's the right thing for us to do. As Dave has already said, as we move forward, we don't want to pigeon all ourselves, with regard to exactly what we're going to do with the funds because we are looking at some additional leasing opportunities and potentially some additional drilling opportunities in liquids-rich and oil lead plays. And we want to fully develop that through our midyear capital review process, and we'll give you further visibility on that. You've got to remember too, we have a couple of billion dollars of debt coming due in 2011, which we will want to deal with on a kind of an organized basis, as we go forward.
John Richels: Well, it certainly gives us the opportunity, whether it's to leasing or to incremental oil- and liquids-rich opportunities. It gives us the opportunity to reallocate some of the funds that would otherwise have gone to those properties, if we had held them for a longer period of time.
John Richels: We're trying to maintain some flexibility, as we go into the next while. So having some of those funds certainly available for those maturities when they come up is a positive. I mean, when we get around to the middle of next year and see the market conditions, our outlook for oil and gas prices and our view of the industry at the time, and our view of the financial markets at the time, we can make a decision as to whether we want to allocate those funds to that, or whether we're going to roll over those bonds, or -- there's a number of things we can do.
John Richels: David, it's John. It's very tough. As you know, its very tough to -- we're trying to do everything. We invest all of our funds on a return basis. It's really tough to figure out rate of return on stock, because you have to make a whole bunch of the assumptions going out in some of the stock price when you're buying it back. So there are other measures that we can look at that, and that we do look at, every time we decide to allocate another dollar between E&P programs, or acquisitions, or share repurchases or debt repayment, whatever we can do. And that is what we've been focused on for many years, and continue to focus on, is per debt-adjusted share growth in production reserves, earnings and cash flow. And that can provide a pretty good proxy for you, in terms of whether buying back stock is a better allocation, from a return perspective, than some of our opportunities. And as Larry said, we're absolutely convinced with these levels that buying back our stock is very, very accretive and measures up well in all of those metrics, besides just the F&D metric we've talked about.
John Richels: We kind of gone around the horn on this thing. But even though the rules are different, we haven't seen all the details of the new regulations that have been put in place. We think that we're pretty close to where we started three years ago, in terms of the overall effect of the royalty regime on our production in Canada. And it's making -- even the conventional production in Canada is looking very, very positive and competes pretty well for capital in the portfolio.
John Richels: Well, I think the thing that we're seeing is, overall, the EURs, average together the entire play, we're seeing about 8 Bcf equivalent and about 11 Bcf in what you might want to call the heart of the play. And as I said, probably 50% to 2/3 of the play has a pretty strong liquids content as well, which enhances the economics. And we're going to be able to, next year, even get greater value out of those liquids when we have our processing plant there as well. We are also, additionally, increasing the initial rate on these wells. And so all of these things are contributing to strong economics throughout the play. The higher IPs, the liquids content that's in the play, and additionally, we're expanding the play. So we don't worry much.
J. Nichols: Let me go back and emphasize one thing -- this is Larry -- is that you got to remember that one of the things that distinguishes Devon in several of these areas that we own and operate, the gas processing plant in the whole Bridgeport area, we have the largest over 40 gas processing plant. We built processing plant for the Arkoma Basin. We're in the process of building one for the Cana-Woodford play. So that allows us an exceptional competitive position there.
J. Nichols: And of course, you need to bear in mind, we've been working on the oil side of our portfolio for a long time. It's not a new thing for us, as well as liquids rich. It's why we built these gas processing plants in the areas that we've been playing, so it's -- while there is a shift, it's not nearly as dramatic for us, as it is for some of the other companies. Probably the biggest shift is in the heavy oil up in Canada, and that's only because of our ability to get Kirby. If you look at the long-term potential there of Jackfish 1, 2 and now, 3, as well as Kirby, that's going to add a lot of oil to Devon over a very long period of time.
J. Nichols: It's not there today. Well, through any source on the acquisitions would be one source, but just picking up acreage that other people are not able to get to would probably be a much more interesting source than some of the players paid awfully high royalties to get what they now have. We've been contrary at some times in the past. And could we envision a time when increasing our exposure to natural gas, for the longer term, might be appropriate? You can certainly envision that. It's not there today, but I can certainly envision that some time in the future. And I'd just emphasize, not so much on acquisitions because of the leases that a lot of companies bought. But if you look at the underlying leases that some of these leases are letting go, that could be an opportunity.
J. Nichols: Well, of course, we are paying down. As you look at all the choices out there, we are paying down debt. We paid out $1.2 billion in commercial paper, or so, in the first quarter. We are repositioning to, as we said last year, we were forced to starve our North American portfolio for capital. And we're having great fun reinvesting as these proceeds come to us, reinvesting that capital in our North American properties, both oil and the liquid-rich portion of the gas where we see attractiveness. When you look at where our shares trade and the asset portfolio that we have versus other opportunities, one might look at in looking at other companies, it's a very, very simple decision. The return we get by volume Devon shares is dramatically better than anything else we look at. So we'll be buying Devon shares.
