David Hager: Well, we’re pretty excited about this opportunity overall, because I think by the nature of being a shale play, and the fact that it is a source rock for the vast majority of the Mississippian play, by the nature of it, shales tend to be more consistent in nature, and so that has led to greater consistency in well results already. And we’re just at the beginning stages of really characterizing the overall play.  So we are seeing more consistent results, there’s obviously some variability. Some of the keys we’re looking for, where we can enhance the permeability through fracturing and you see some variability depending on the thickness of the reservoir, but overall, it is a consistent play that produces strong economic results.  You can see where we’re using, essentially for right now, the same type curve as we’re using for the Mississippian, but it’s going to be a little bit lower well costs. So that’s, obviously, even going to enhance the economics a little bit more. And as I highlighted, we’re very confident. We derisked 100,000 acres, and we see the potential for up to 400,000 acres of Woodford potential across our 650,000 acre position in the Miss trend. So it’s an exciting play. If it works out to scale, you can do the math, but it can add a lot to our light oil story.
David Hager: We like both of them. I think that’s the key. We like the Woodford and we like the Miss Lime. This is not negative on the Miss Lime, it’s just we have additional potential here in the Woodford. I think that’s really the key. The Woodford is a little bit deeper, and it has some of these additional qualities that we described of being a shale with probably more consistent results, a little bit easier to drill, a little lower well costs, all of which are very positive for that.  And in addition to being deeper, when you drill a Woodford well, you hold all rights above that. And so we’re going to have a tendency to drill more Woodford wells here in the short term to make sure that we get our acreage secured through the Woodford. But ultimately, it’s going to take the rest of this year, I think.  That’s what I’ve been trying to say consistently, that it’s going to take the rest of this year to really get a clear understanding of what the full potential is on both the Woodford and our Miss acreage, but it’s starting to emerge pretty positive, I can tell you, and it looks like we certainly have a strong leg to our next oil growth within Devon. And so I like where we are, bottom line. It’s just nice to have an additional formation such as the Woodford to really bolster that growth. 
David Hager: It’s important to remember that so far we’ve only brought a total of 64 wells online in the Miss, total of about 90 or so for the combined Miss and Woodford. And so we have currently, as we speak, we’re building out our infrastructure and we’ll be continuing to build out that infrastructure throughout the third and fourth quarter. So as we get the infrastructure built out, as we complete these additional wells, then we’re going to see the ramp up in production even further.
David Hager: They’re varied. And it’s important to remember, and I’ll go back to what I said previously, we are still in the testing phase of this. We are landing in various zones within the Miss, and we’re experimenting throughout our acreage. An additional point I need to make is the working interest in a number of these wells. We’re talking about gross wells. And so the working interest in a number of these wells is very low.  So you really can’t do the math I think you’re trying to do, to figure out the rate. But we are seeing a lot of variability right now, and we’ll continue to see that as we evaluate our acreage here throughout the rest of this year. And then we will really be focusing in on what we think are the best parts of the play. 
David Hager: Yeah. I might also mention, just to follow up on some of these wells too, we can produce for about 30 days and then we can’t produce them any further, because there are the flaring restrictions we have. So we’ve actually had to shut in some of these wells. So there’s a lot of complicating factors that factor in to why it’s taken a while to ramp. Once we have our facilities in place, that we’re talking about building out here in the second half of the year, that won’t be an issue anymore.
David Hager: Let me give you a little bit of an idea for what is going on here. It’s primarily, as we test additional acreage. That’s the answer. To give you a little bit of color on the details on this, when you look at the logs of this first and second Bone Springs, they are what we like to typically call railroad tracks, which really means we see very little indication of a deflection of the SP curve, or the resistivity curve, which you typically see in productive formations.  And so what this really means is these are pretty fine-grained reservoirs, and so you can’t just look at a log and say for certain that these wells are going to be productive. You have to actually go in and test new areas, and then you find out, oh, it’s working. And so based on that fact, then you step out further, and you step out further, and you say that area’s working too.  So that’s what we’re really doing. We’re stepping out and testing new areas, because it’s just not obvious from the well data that it’s really going to be productive. And what we’re finding is that these areas that just don’t look that impressive by traditional log analysis techniques, when we go out and test them, they’re working really well.
David Hager: Well, we’re always going to be very disciplined, I think, if we’re looking at any acquisitions. And so we’re going to, I think, continue to look to see if there are any meaningful, but obviously we haven’t made any deals yet, because we’re being very disciplined from a value standpoint. I think it’s always in our best interest to look, but we’re certainly excited that this adds a lot of strength to our internal oil growth story as well. So I wouldn’t say we’re going to stop looking. We always see if there’s something meaningful out there, but it certainly gives us a lot more confidence on our internal story. 
David Hager: We have 650,000 acres throughout the Mississippian trend. About 150,000 or so of that acreage is within the joint venture, not with Sumitomo, but with Sinopec. And where we’re drilling the bulk of our wells right now is on that acreage that’s within the Sinopec JV, and that has the bulk of the derisked acreage for the Woodford right now. And we see additional prospectivity outside of the joint venture acreage with Sinopec that we’re going to be derisking here throughout the remainder of ’13 and ’14. So right now, as part of the Sinopec JV, and as part of the overall plan, as part of the 350 wells we talked about that we’ll be drilling overall in the play, and it’s within the budget that we’re working with with Sinopec and the JV.
David Hager: Well, we’re excited with the results we have. And we’re looking at ways to increase our well activity as we move into 2014. It is BLM land for the most part. Not entirely, but for the most part. There’s a longer permitting process involved in that, so we need to get ahead of the curve as far as permits. We do see the scope for increasing rig activity in 2014. Is it going to grow to the size of the potential that we see in the Miss or the Permian? No, I don’t think so. But is it still going to be a meaningful part of the growth story? Yeah, it can be a significant contributor, I think. Still, it’s probably not going to be of the scale of the Permian and the Miss.
David Hager: Yeah, on the Cline, we’ve decreased our rig activity right now. We’ve seen a lot of variability on the Cline. And we certainly have our concerns about the Cline, but we’re also getting additional 3D in there. We’re looking at our completion techniques.  For the short term, we’ve decreased down to two rigs in there, both of which are going to be doing what I call mini developments in Sterling County, seeing how low we can get the well costs to have economic developments there. In the meantime, we’re studying the well results we have to date. We’re getting 3D. And as I said, the results have been pretty mixed so far. So we need to do some studying here before we go back out there with a significant program.
David Hager: It’s reasonably variable. We have some areas we’re not including in our prospective acreage at all, because it’s not present. And so we’ve seen positive well results, down to as low as 40 to 50 feet of Woodford shale. We’ve seen very good well results, and it’s up to 150 feet thick in other areas. So there is some variability across the play. There’s no question about it. But again, we’ve had positive results down to 40 to 50 feet, and so that’s why we see a lot of it as being prospective.
David Hager: We won’t have it all captured this year. It will take on into 2014, particularly to the acreage to the north. The bulk of the acreage within the joint venture area will get HBP this year, but it will be 2014 to really do the acreage to the north.
David Hager: Oh yeah, we’re doing pad drilling throughout the Bone Springs, throughout the Wolfcamp shale. We have been for some time. And that’s frankly why some of the ramp up of production has been pretty inconsistent, I guess you’d say.  But to give you an idea, though, just to fortify our production growth in the second half of the year, to give you one example here, in our Wolfcamp shale area, we fracked about 25 wells in July. They’re coming on here in August. We’re going to frack another 25 wells in August. They’ll come on in September.  And so that’s what’s really the cause of the nature of pad drilling that the growth has been a little bit lumpy. But now that we’re getting all these wells drilled, completed, and on production, that’s what gives us the confidence. We’re going to have to kind of ramp up what we’re forecasting for the remainder of 2013. We’re also pad drilling in Bone Springs. Same issue there.
David Hager: They’re running at about 15% above the type curve right now. I don’t know, I’ll have to talk to the guys and see if they feel confident in doing it all the way. You understood the issue I talked about before. They’ve got to convince themselves those railroad track looking logs are really going to deliver even more. So we’ll see if they can get that confidence. But we’re getting outstanding results.
David Hager: We’re probably going to get an incremental on the order of about 8,000 barrels a day or so from the next pad, so once we’re fully back ramped up, I’d say 30,000 to 31,000 barrels a day, somewhere in that order.
David Hager: Well, we’re always out there looking, and we have a lot of ideas internally. Frankly, this has been a year where we had captured a lot of acreage, and we felt it was the year to evaluate that acreage. And given the success that we’re having on that acreage right now, I think it’s an open question as to how much additional acreage we need to add. Because we’ve got a lot of growth that we’re identifying right now from the acreage we’ve already captured. So if we see some that we think are truly outstanding, we may go out and try to capture those, but we’ve got a lot of growth already from what we have captured.
David Hager: On the lateral lengths for the wells in Ector County, we’re currently drilling those about 5,000 foot laterals. Not quite as long as the ones we were doing in the southern Midland Basin. The breakdown of the Wolfcamp shale acreage that we have, it’s about 140,000 acres or so that we think is prospective in the Delaware Basin. Then we have about 65,000 acres or so, I think, perspective down in the southern Midland Basin. And then the rest of it is up in Ector County, and then some other smaller, scattered acreage.
John Richels: Without getting into any of the specifics, we’re always looking at ways that we can bring that value forward, and I think our history proves that we’re not afraid of doing that and making bold moves. However, a lot of things that we talk about and reflect on from the outside don’t necessarily add long term value.  And so we’re very conscious about that, and we’re looking at any opportunities available to us. We’ve always said we’re always considering how to bring value forward, and we’re not leaving any stone unturned in that analysis. But we’re only going to do the things that add long term value and not take action simply for action’s sake. 
John Richels: I don’t think it’s slowed down. I said everything’s on the table, and everything’s still on the table. If we can see opportunities that create long term value and that make sense and are accretive, then we’ll look at them. But I just wanted to make the point that just undertaking activity for activity’s sake doesn’t make sense unless we think it’s really something that’s going to add some value to the stocks. I wouldn’t say that we’ve changed our view on that. 
John Richels: Just want to summarize. Our annual production is going to be at the top end of our guidance, with our U.S. light oil production up 36% year over year. Really importantly, too, year to date cash costs are at the bottom end of the guidance, and our capital expenditures remain comfortably within our original guidance. We’re going to continue to expand our high margin light oil drilling inventory in the Permian, and we’re very excited about the new Woodford oil shale play that David’s discussed a lot today. So was we move forward, we’re going to continue to be disciplined with our capital, we’re going to continue to preserve our financial flexibility, we’re going to continue to pursue our top strategic objective of maintaining long term growth and cash flow per debt-adjusted share. So thank you very much for joining us today.  And with that, I guess we’re done.
