Vincent W. White: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everybody, to today's first quarter 2012 earnings call and webcast. Today's call will follow the usual format. I'll start with a few preliminary items and then turn the call over to our President and CEO, John Richels for his overview. Then Dave Hager, Head of Exploration and Production, will provide the operations update. And following that, our Chief Financial Officer, Jeff Agosta, will finish up with a review of our financial results. We'll conclude with a Q&A period, and as usual, we'll ask you to keep your questions limited to one and one follow-up, and we'll hold the call to about an hour. Also with us today is Larry Nichols, our Executive Chairman, as well as other members of Devon's senior management team to help out with the Q&A session. A replay of this call will be available today later on through a link on our homepage. As usual, our call will contain some forward-looking estimates. And we will be refining some of those in our call today, but we are not planning to issue a new 8-K. We will, however, post those changes to the guidance page of our website. To find that, just click on the Guidance link found in the Investor Relations portion of the Devon website.  Please note that all references today to our plans, forecast, expectations and estimates are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. And while we always strive to give you the very best information possible, there are many factors that could cause our actual results to differ from those estimates. We urge you to review the discussion of risk factors and uncertainties that we provide in our SEC Form 10-K filing, provided that is. Also in today's call, we'll reference certain non-GAAP performance measures. When we use these measures, we're required to provide related disclosures. Those are also available on the Devon website.  The First Call mean estimate for Devon's earnings for the first quarter was $1.43 per share. However, at the midpoint of the guidance we provided, you would've expected our first quarter earnings to come in at $1.35 a share or $0.08 below The Street estimates. However, our actual first quarter non-GAAP results came in at $1.05 per share or $0.30 below our guidance. This was most almost entirely due to unusually wide differentials on Canadian oil and U.S. NGLs. Jeff will cover both of these, as well as our expected future price differentials in detail later in the call. With those items out of the way, I'll turn the call over to John.
Vincent W. White: Well as John says, we're constantly looking at the results of our budget, and it's certainly possible. But I'd point out that we've been assembling some large acreage positions that will hit principally in the second quarter. So we think, right now, we're still running about true to our forecast for capital.
Vincent W. White: Yes, first, it's not safe to assume, while we would like to increase our position in the midst, we have not disclosed where those incremental acreage acquisitions are. And any place that we want to increase our acreage position, we aren't really willing to talk about specific transactions and the cost trends in that acreage.
Vincent W. White: Joe, this is Vince. I just might add that in line with what Darryl said, Jeff in the call modified our guidance for NGLs realizations for the second quarter to between 32% and 38% of WTI. And for the second half of 2012, 34% to 40% of WTI.
Vincent W. White: At that -- this point, the question queue is empty, so we'll terminate the call. Thank you for participating.
David A. Hager: Yes, hi Dave, this is Dave Hager. This is a -- to give you an idea on cost, and again, this is the first well that we've drilled over in our Wolfberry area. This is actually, in the what we call our Odessa South area of the Midland Basin. It's really, geographically, if you want to know where that's located, it's in the far southeast corner of Ector County, and that well looks like it's going to cost somewhere around $5 million or so. It looks like we're going to have probably on the order -- it's very early, so it's really, we only have about 20 days or so. But we're estimating somewhere around 300,000 barrels net EUR on that. And we have, in that particular well, completed it in the Wolfcamp B interval. That's really where much of the activity has taken place with the industry. We have in back in our main core Wolfcamp shale, we have completed some in the Wolfcamp A, as well as some in the, we think the C and D zones also in our perspective. But we played it conservative with this first well. It's 80 miles away from our production state in the Wolfcamp B.
David A. Hager: I don't have, I don't think, the number of frac stages sitting in front of me right now. But we've completed, I believe very similarly to how we did our other Wolfcamp Shale wells. So I think, again, that we're still on, very much on the learning curve on our Wolfcamp Shale wells. It was a 3,800-foot horizontal on that particular well. But we're still -- I would have to lump that in with the rest of the Wolfcamp Shale. But we're still on the learning curve, and we showed at the Resource Update how we're continuing to improve on the cost side of it. And we stated there, we think the key is to get out as far laterally as we can, 7,000-foot plus on the lateral length. And so this is really encouraging results, I think, given that this is only 3,800-foot lateral, and future wells with experience in this area maybe even to be able to take out significantly further and get even better EURs.
David A. Hager: Well, it's a 6-inch hole 80 miles away, so there's a lot of ground in between. So there's -- we're certainly encouraged, I think, as I said in my comments, we need to do more study. And we need to drill some more wells, but we're certainly very encouraged by our initial well. And that it could add a significant new Wolfcamp resource on our Wolfberry acreage. But again, this is the first well. So I don't want over-characterize this, but it's certainly encouraging, what we've seen so far.
David A. Hager: Well, it's a little bit early, I think, to draw any conclusions to that. We do think that we're seeing some of that evidenced at the acreage to the North is, looks like it may be more -- a little bit more frac-able. But again, this is very early, and we're talking about just a very few number of wells across a multicounty area. So I would be hesitant, geologically, to draw too many conclusions till we get more data. But that's, if you want a very early indication, I can say that. But again, I don't consider that real definitive at this point.
David A. Hager: Well, we're chasing, primarily, the Cherokee and Granite Wash A with those completions. We do have additional potential in the deeper Granite Wash zones. We have quite a bit of a potential associated with those. The wells we're drilling right now are chasing primarily the Cherokee and the Granite Wash A.
David A. Hager: Yes, right now, we've drilled our -- as I said, our first well, and we're completing our first well started to flow back on the Eichelberger well. This is really on the Western side of Ashland County, which we believe is kind of right in the peak of the oil, the heart of the oil play, I would say. So -- and it is a significant test. And obviously, we recognize the oil part has some risk associated with it, but I went through on the Resource Update why we think we have good permeability and it has a good chance to work. The second well that we've drilled out there, the Richman Farms is a little bit to the Northeast, it's in Southwest Medina County. It's probably, from an oil standpoint, is probably not -- we don't anticipate it being in a lot different position than where the first well is. And then we're going to be -- the third well we're drilling is called the Sinsabaugh [ph] Well, and it's located significantly to the South there in far -- Southern Knox County or Northern Lincoln County in there. And it still, though, is going to be very much in the oil window. After we -- after those 3 wells, we're actually going to release that rig for some period of time. And then we're going to go back and pick up a higher horsepower rig that's required to drill our acreage a little bit further to the East, to which we think is closer to the liquids-rich window. And so we'll we picking up activity further to the East, more in Coshocton County, Guernsey County, it's in that area. And I might mention that we're also participating in the completion of a well where the intervest is operating the RHDK well that's in far Northwest Guernsey County and they're moving forward with the completion of that well. We are not, at this point, adding additional acreage. We want to see the results of what these wells are. We're happy with our position. Obviously, the further you move east then our acreage position becomes more liquid-rich, and probably a lower risk, but not necessarily the economics would work great if the oil window works well, and that's what we just need to find out for sure.
Darryl G. Smette: Yes, this is Darryl Smette. We really have not been very active on financially hedging our NGL position. And that typically has been what we perceive to be lack of liquidity in the NGL market. Now that might change as we go forward, as more NGLs come on the market. But right now, we think there's been lack of liquidity, so we think there's going to be a lot of variation. And we also look at the back end of, whether it's 1-year, 2-year or 3-year, we see a tremendous decrease in price in those outer years. So we have not been very active. Although we do have a few hedges in place on natural gas lean, but it's minor. So until we become comfortable, quite frankly, with the liquidity, and until we see what we believe are reasonable market prices in the outer years, we probably won't be very active in the financial hedges on NGL.
Darryl G. Smette: This is Darryl again. I'd like to say, we're just great, but I think, no probably, we're probably just a little bit lucky. What we try to do is anticipate where the markets are going to go, and recognize there's going to be a lot of volatility and that volatility may allow for some prices to be there for a short period of time so that people that are looking at it all the time. But we typically would do will become comfortable with the prices that we're willing to accept, and we give approval to our people who are watching this 24/7. And so when the prices for whatever period of time, they're on the screen and we can commence transactions, they're prepared with approval to do that. So we try to plan ahead. We give our people authorizations. We have people manning the screens 24/7, so we feel pretty good that when they're only there for a period of time, we're able to do something, because there's nothing magic in it other than that, Doug.
Darryl G. Smette: We have a few calls for 2013, 2014 on oil that I think are $120 for about, I don't know, 10,000 barrels a day. And I think $5 on the gas side, which allowed us to lock in a $450 price for 2013 on gas. But that's all the calls that we have going forward.
Darryl G. Smette: Yes, very minor amount. We tend to-- we tend to play pretty straight with simple type of transactions you can do and try not to complicate it too much. Our experience has been when you try to complicate it too much, that it tends to confuse a lot of people, including us, sometimes. But it seems every time we get into some confusing types of transactions, we're always a little leery whether we really understand what we're doing, so we try to keep it pretty simple.
Darryl G. Smette: Yes, this is Darryl again. Just to give you an overall mix for Devon, we have about 8% to 10% of our NGLs in Canada. Have about 10% of our NGLs that are primarily in the Rocky Mountains that are marketed at Conway or sold at Conway. The rest, the other 80%, 82% whether that's Mid-Continent from Cana, Bridgeport, Northridge and most of our Permian Basin find a home in -- at Mont Belvieu. In terms of mix, we have about 57% to 58% of our product is ethane. About 23% or thereabouts is propane. The remainder is ISO normal and natural gasoline. We tend to be a little bit more ethane than a lot, or some of the other plays. A couple of reasons for that. One is that most of our facilities are rather new-facility cryogenic plants and they're very efficient, and therefore, we get a deeper cut on the ethane than a lot of the older plants that are either refrigeration or some of the cryo plants were put in place 10, 12 years ago. The second part of that is that, in some of our plays God just put more propane in our mix. So those are kind of the 2 drivers.
Darryl G. Smette: Yes, sure will. We really have not seen much change in the prices for the products through April and May. As we see a lot of the petrochemical plants come back online, and we do have the one conversion that's being put in place that Jeff talked about, the scale had about, I don't know 50,000, 60,000 barrels of demand. We expect we're going to start seeing the product prices increase both for propane and ethane. Probably not to the extent that we saw last year. Because of the very, very mild winter we have a tremendous buildup in propane supply. And probably 14 million, 15 million barrels more than we historically have. So we're probably going to see propane not rebound as fast as we're going to see some of the other products. We get to the end of the third quarter into the fourth quarter, we should see those product prices go up. As we look for the rest of the year, we're probably going to be somewhere in the 34% to 40% on a cumulative basis when you put all the products together. As we look into 2013, we have a number of fractionators that are coming on. And so we see product prices that are -- probably stay strong into the first half of 2013 as we get through the second have of 2013 into 2014 with all the additional frac coming on, with not a corresponding increase in petrochemical plant yet, we could be some -- under some pressure there, and we tried to model all of our projects with the -- a discount to NGL products as we get to the second half of 2013 and into '14.
Darryl G. Smette: Well, I don't know if I'd classify it as a pure development play, because there is obviously some risk associated with it. But some comments, there have been some other industry wells that have been drilled, primarily in Glasscock County just immediately to the West of a lot of our acreage position. And remind what I said at the Resource Update that a lot of those wells were drilled with 4,000-foot laterals where our models are built off of longer laterals on the order of 7,000, 7,500 feet. So we're anticipating higher EURs, higher IPs and higher EURs than what have been seen by the wells that have been drilled to date. But there are probably about 25 wells out there. So that gives you some confidence. And then if you look at it, there's probably been over 10,000 wells have been drilled through the Cline Shale for other intervals historically. And so that's given us a great deal of well control. But again, I don't want to mislead and say there's not risk. I think every time you enter one of these new plays, you have some risk associated with it, and that's another reason why we would consider also bringing in a partner on this play, but we really like the position, and we also see some prospectivity in other intervals. I won't go into a lot of detail on that, but we see prospects in other intervals, so it's more than just a pure Cline play.
