Vincent W. White: Thank you, operator, and welcome, everyone, to today's Year-End 2011 Earnings Call and Webcast. I'll begin today's call with a few preliminary housekeeping items and then turn the call over to our President and CEO, John Richels. John will provide an overview of our 2011 results and his thoughts on the year ahead; then Dave Hager, Head of Exploration and Production, will cover the operating highlights and the details of our 2012 capital program. And following that, Jeff Agosta, our Chief Financial Officer, will finish up with a review of our financial results. We'll conclude with a Q&A period, and as usual, we will tend to hold the call to 1 hour. Also with us today is Larry Nichols, our Executive Chairman, and other members of the Devon senior management team to help with the Q&A session. A replay of this call will be available later today through a link on our homepage. In today's call, we'll be providing high-level guidance for 2012 capital, production and certain operating items. And as is our practice, after the call today, we will file an 8-K with all the detailed estimates for production by product category and geographic region, operating expense items and so forth as well as expected realized prices relative to benchmark oil, gas and NGL prices. The 8-K will also provide additional details of our 2012 capital plan. Please note that all references in today's call to our plans, forecast, expectations and estimates are considered forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. And while we always strive to give you the very best estimates possible, there are a lot of factors that could cause our actual results to differ from these estimates we're providing. A discussion of risk factors related to those estimates can be found in our SEC filing, that is, our 8-K that we'll file later today. Also in today's call, we will reference certain non-GAAP performance measures. When we use these measures, we're required to provide certain related disclosures and those are available on the Devon website. Before I hand off the call, I want to officially announce that Devon will be hosting an analyst event in Houston. This is going to be half-day format on the morning of April 4. We'll provide an overview of Devon's corporate strategy, an update of the company's resource potential and inventory and provide an in-depth operational review of our key exploration and development projects. Invitations will be sent out in the next week or 2, I just wanted to let you know to save the date. Again, that will start the morning of Wednesday, April 4, at about 8 a.m. in Houston. With those items out of the way, I'll turn the call over to John.
Vincent W. White: I might add to that. Since we did have, from years ago, many dry gas wells drilled there, and now we're focused entirely on the liquids-rich, the rich is shifting to become -- the mix of overall production is becoming more liquids-rich with this year's program.
Vincent W. White: That is company-wide because we're allowing some dry gas areas to decline. Company-wide, our gas production will be flat to down a little. It's just that in the Barnett, we will continue to grow gas production by drilling in the liquids-rich portions.
Vincent W. White: And of course, should the external environment change, in our view, as to the relative value of dry gas versus liquids-rich, our capital mix will change as well.
Vincent W. White: David, I might add that we're not solving for the shortest ramp-up time. We're solving for the best rate of return, so the number of initial wells you drill versus the plant size and that kind of thing all impact rate of return.
Vincent W. White: Brian, this is Vince. I might add that the long-term forecast we gave through 2020 for thermal oil production doesn't include any contribution from any Pike projects beyond this 105,000 barrels per day that we expect to take to, into the regulatory process in the -- sometime this year.
John Richels: Thank you, Jeff. As you can see, our 2011 results reflect our disciplined approach to our business. In 2012, we will continue to execute our strategy by delivering oil and liquids production growth of roughly 20%, driving our production mix to 40% oil and liquids by year end, by continuing to bolster our future growth through accelerating our exploration activity and opportunistically adding acreage in new oil plays and by maintaining our position as a low-cost producer, allowing us to deliver some of the best full-cycle returns in the peer group. As we've said many times in the past, we're fully committed to exercising capital discipline, maximizing our margins, maintaining our balance sheet strength and optimizing our growth per debt-adjusted share. This approach places Devon in an advantageous position to deliver competitive per share growth in any environment. And at this point, we'll open the call up to your questions.
John Richels: Let me make a general comment about the number of dry gas rigs we have working in the company: 0. We have no rigs at all drilling dry gas opportunities in the company. Everything we're drilling is liquids-rich or oil. And specifically in the Barnett, even with this, we do anticipate, because there is associated gas with the liquids-rich plays, that we are going to continue to grow the gas portion of the Barnett as well as the liquids-rich. We anticipate the total equivalents to go up, including the liquids-rich, by about 10% this year.
John Richels: And we still have 2,500 to 3,000 locations in the liquids-rich. And at the current rate we are drilling, the 350 to 400 wells a year, you can see we have a very deep inventory in the liquids-rich portion of the play.
John Richels: Well, Dave, it's John. As you know, when we look at these opportunities, we're adding a lot of opportunities and through some ground floor, grassroots leasing. That's obviously the most attractive to us if we're adding it in the right places because we bring it in at a very low-entry cost. We can control the amount of a royalty that we're going to pay and it's really important for us when we -- because we've got a deep opportunity set. It's really important that anything we bring in will compete well against the opportunities that we already have in our opportunity set. Otherwise, we're not adding value for our shareholders. So when we look at these other opportunities for acreage acquisitions, we have to compare them to the opportunities that we're adding through our grassroots leasing efforts, which we're pretty excited about. In the future, as we look at purchasing stock, I think we've had a pretty good track record over the years of buying stock when times are right and following through once we make the commitment. And what we try to do there is to stay very disciplined, to understand our asset base and to compare the repurchase of stock against the injection of more capital into our existing asset portfolio. And we try to do it on the basis over a 3- to 5-year period of what will add the most cash flow per share, adjusted for debt. It's really important that we keep focusing on that. And so those are the kind of considerations. I think the fact that we're taking a breather right now from our share repurchases should give you a pretty good idea of how excited we are with the opportunities that are in our portfolio for the next few years.
John Richels: No, we're not at all. The only reason that our gas production has been staying up at all is because we're drilling in liquids-rich gas areas. So in the Cana, the core areas of the Cana, for example, where we have terrific liquids component. In the core areas of the Barnett, we have high liquids contents, but it's producing some gas. In the other areas, the dry gas areas like the Rockies and our conventional business in Canada, East Texas and a bunch of other areas that are dry gas, we haven't been directing any capital to that, and that's just declining.
John Richels: Well, I guess I want to reiterate the point that when we make that decision, it's not solely because -- it's not because we're constrained for the cash. We do have $6.9 billion sitting offshore and we're going to leave that offshore for the time being until we get some better visibility on a repatriation holiday. But really, it's driven more by the fact that, our analysis of our future capital requirements and, importantly, the accretion that, that brings to our cash flow per share as opposed to buying shares back. And that's why I said earlier, it should give you a pretty good idea that we're pretty excited about our opportunity set right now. Now factored into that, too, we got a very low-gas-price environment, we've got a lot of uncertainty in the world economy and it's a good time, we believe, for us to maintain some financial flexibility by keeping the strong balance sheet. But we're going to be driven by the returns, not by where the money is.
John Richels: Actually, right now, on Jackfish 2, we're running a little bit ahead of where we had budgeted, and we're very happy with the performance. And so no real issues to discuss there.
David A. Hager: Dave, just a general comment there. We obviously work very closely between the drilling side of the business and the ability to transport it and so we tailor all of our activity and make sure that we are not conducting drilling activity, that we can't move the product at a good price. So that's, we've addressed that in all of our capital program.
David A. Hager: Well, David, this is Dave Hager. Again, we have a deep inventory of liquids-rich opportunities within the portfolio and so we think that we can continue this focus of liquids-rich and oil drilling opportunities for a number of years. And I would suspect that, again, we haven't put our total plans together for the years beyond 2012, but I would suspect that we would continue to have a growth rate on the total liquids somewhere in the teens in the out years. And we'll provide some more details on this when we have our Analyst Day meeting here in early April. But I suspect it's going to be somewhere in that order of magnitude because we have the opportunities to execute.
David A. Hager: Well, we obviously look at all those things. And just, our experience right now is that a little bit slower ramp-up is what's appropriate for our projects and achievable for our projects. So we obviously are looking at solvents and things like that. And if some of those become applicable, we'll look very hard and perhaps then we can speed it up, but right now, we just don't see that scope.
David A. Hager: We do not want to get into specific acreage prices for plays that we are continuing to acquire acreage in. It's just not in our interest, for commercial reasons.
David A. Hager: Well, we've seen -- obviously, we agree, Mark. We've seen some results out there that are somewhat encouraging on the southeast side, but we still think that we have what we think is really the best core position in Cana. We're happy with our position that we have there. And again, we have probably about between 2,000 and 3,000 locations in the liquids-rich portion of the core to drill. And so when you look at what we're drilling at pace of 200 wells or so per year, we have a very deep inventory there for many, many years. But there have been, I agree with you, there have been some good wells made on the southeast side. But I think we need to see some more results to be really sure how, just how sustainable that is.
David A. Hager: Well, we've had a number of good Bone Springs wells in the quarter. I think we highlighted, actually, in the earnings release that we had a number of good Bone Springs wells on the order of around 600 barrels a day or so that we achieved out there. I think we had 8 wells average more than 600 barrels per day, 8 operated wells in the fourth quarter that achieved more than 600 barrels a day so we're seeing very good results out there. We see a good inventory of opportunities sitting out there. We estimate we probably have 350 to 400 locations remaining in the Bone Springs just on our existing inventory and will probably drill somewhere around 80 this year. So again, you can see 4- to 5-year inventory of Bone Springs opportunities.
David A. Hager: Well, first, a correction: We said $225 million in that base budget plan that we had. And that really is just kind of our base level of activity coring up around existing locations that we have, et cetera. We're opportunistic so I think it's a little bit hard to say for sure exactly how much we may want to spend on new acquisitions. But again, we are focused on oil opportunities, we are -- and we're focused on building significant scale in these opportunities when we can. We want to build positions that are meaningful for a company the size of Devon. And so when we see this type of opportunity, we're -- we'll make an evaluation on the economics, and if it's justified, we will pursue it. Now exactly what that means in terms of total acreage or lease acquisition costs in 2012, it's still a little bit early to say. And we're in the process of putting together a couple new areas right now, but we need to see how they develop to say exactly what that number may be.
David A. Hager: Well, I'd say that, in our mind, that the Wolfcamp Shale in the Midland Basin, the Bone Springs and the Wolfberry all offer strong rates for return to us. The Wolfcamp Shale in the Delaware Basin so far has been more gas oriented, and so obviously, at these depressed prices, that is not drawing the attention of our capital near the way the other 3 plays are. But I wouldn't try to differentiate too much between those other 3 plays because they all offer strong rates of return.
David A. Hager: Yes, the first phase of camp [ph] Pike, which again would be essentially 3 Jackfish-sized projects we anticipate, we anticipate filing for a regulatory approval sometime in 2013 or so and then have a first steam for that perhaps late 2015 and then full-scale operations late 2016, early 2017. The fourth and fifth Jackfish-sized projects in Pike are still awaiting full delineation, and it's a little bit hard to say exactly what the timing they would be until we have those fully delineated; probably sometime out closer to the 2020 range to really to achieve production on those. As far as the costs go, I think we're anticipating similar costs, but there is obviously some cost inflation pressure that's taking place up there. And there's a tightness of skills, a tightness of labor up there. So each one of these are probably a little bit higher than Jackfish due to those inflationary pressures.
David A. Hager: Okay, that ends today's call. For those of you that we did not get to your questions, the IR staff and other members of management will be available throughout the day to take your questions. And thanks for participating.
