Scott Coody: Good morning and thank you for joining us on the call today. Last night, we issued an earnings release and presentation that cover Devon’s results for the past year and our outlook for 2024. Throughout the call today, we will make references to the earnings presentation to support prepared remarks and these slides can be found on our website. Also joining me on the call today are Rick Muncrief, our President and CEO; Clay Gaspar, our Chief Operating Officer; Jeff Ritenour, our Chief Financial Officer; and a few other members of our senior management team. Comments today will include plans, forecasts and estimates that are forward-looking statements under U.S. securities law. These comments are subject to assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements. Please take note of the cautionary language and risk factors provided in our SEC filings and earnings materials. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Rick.
Scott Coody: Thanks, Rick. We’ll now open the call to Q&A. Please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. This allows us to get to more of your questions on the call today. With that, operator, we’ll take our first question.
Scott Coody: Well, it looks like we have run a little bit past time here. So, I appreciate everyone’s interest in Devon today. And if you have any further questions, please don’t hesitate to reach out to the Investor Relations team at any time. Have a good day everyone.
Jeff Ritenour: Thanks, Clay. I’ll spend my time today discussing the highlights of our financial performance in 2023 and the priorities for our free cash flow as we head into 2024. Beginning with our fourth quarter financial performance, Devon’s operating cash flow totaled $1.7 billion, exceeding consensus estimates and represents the highest quarterly total of the year. This cash flow comfortably funded our capital spending and resulted in $827 million of free cash flow, driving full year free cash flow to $2.7 billion. Even in the face of headwinds from lower commodity prices, this level of free cash flow ranks as one of the highest in Devon’s 50-year-plus history. Another powerful example of the consistent financial results, our disciplined strategy can deliver. As Rick touched on earlier, with this free cash flow, we’re targeting a cash return payout of 70% with the remainder reserved for balance sheet improvement. Slide 23 in the appendix is a good exhibit representing how we allocated our cash returns in the most recent quarter. Given the compelling valuation of our equity, we prioritize share repurchases over the variable dividend. This resulted in us repurchasing 5.2 million shares in the fourth quarter at a total cost of $234 million. In 2024, we’ve continued to actively acquire shares through our 10b5-1 program, and we plan to supplement this with systematic buying with open market purchases during the year. With plenty of runway remaining in our $3 billion buyback authorization, we see Devon’s current valuation as a great opportunity to compound the per share growth for our investors. In addition to our buyback activity, we delivered investors an attractive stream of income through our fixed plus variable dividend framework. In the fourth quarter, we declared a dividend payout of $0.44 per share that is payable at the end of March. This dividend consists of the Board’s approval to increase the fixed dividend by 10% to $0.22 per share and declare a variable distribution of $0.22 per share. We continue to believe dividends are a great way to reward shareholders and are a critical contributor to total returns over time. We also believe that the flexibility designed into our dividend framework allows us to return meaningful and appropriate amounts of cash to shareholders across a variety of market conditions through the cycle. Moving to the balance sheet. Devon’s investment-grade financial position continued to strengthen in the fourth quarter with cash balances increasing by $144 million to a total of $875 million. In addition to our strong liquidity, we exited the year with low leverage marked by a net debt-to-EBITDA ratio of only 0.7x. Looking ahead with the excess free cash flow that accrues to our balance sheet, we plan to build liquidity and retire maturing debt. Our net debt maturity comes due in September of this year, totaling $472 million and we will have the opportunity to retire another $485 million of notes in 2025. So in summary, our financial strategy is working well. We have successfully scaled our business to consistently generate free cash flow. We are boosting per share results by opportunistically repurchasing our shares. We offer a dividend yield that far exceeds that of the broader market and the balance sheet is in great shape with a clear pathway of continued improvement over the next few years. With that, I’ll turn the call back to Rick for some closing comments.
Jeff Ritenour: Nitin, this is Jeff. Keep in mind that there is some variance in the timing of the variable dividend payout, right? So when we announced it, it actually gets paid in the subsequent quarter. So maybe that’s what you’re alluding to as it relates to the mix. But with our framework going forward, we’re going to simply each quarter, focus on delivering about 70% of our free cash flow back to shareholders in the form of that fixed dividend, which, obviously, we grew at 10% here on a year-over-year basis. That’s the first and foremost going to be a priority for us, and we’re going to look to continue to grow that on an annual basis going forward. Then beyond that, we’re absolutely biased towards leaning in on the share repo here in the near-term. And frankly, the variable dividend will fall out of the back of that based on that 70% threshold that I hit on earlier. So we’re going to continue to expect to have a higher mix of buyback going forward. And that’s going to be our priority as we walk it through this year.
Jeff Ritenour: Yes, you bet. So again, on the buyback front, what’s pretty clear to us as we kind of walk through our framework for evaluating share repo, versus the other capital allocation opportunities that we have, whether it be organic investment, inorganic investment that Rick spoke to earlier, whether it’s M&A or otherwise, and then when we step back and look at the valuation, we look at the multiples, we look at our intrinsic value model that we keep in-house and run multiple sensitivities on that. Every which way we turn, what we keep coming back to is the – our shares look undervalued relative to the broader market relative to the sector and certainly relative to the results that we expect to post as we walk our way through this year. So – that really has been the driver and our focus going back half of last year and as we walk into 2024, and it’s why we’re biased towards having the lion’s share of our cash returns be focused on the share repurchase going forward.
Rick Muncrief: Thank you, Jeff. So to wrap up our prepared remarks, I want to reinforce a few key messages. Number one, Devon is a great company that has created a tremendous amount of value for shareholders since we unveiled our industry-first cash return strategy announced in 2020. Since that time, we’ve deployed $13 billion to dividends, buybacks, debt reduction and accretive acquisitions. I’m extremely proud of this accomplishment, but we’re just getting started. . 2024 is setting up to be another wonderful year for Devon. By incorporating learning’s from the past year and refining our capital allocation, we expect to deliver a step change improvement in capital efficiency this year. This improved capital efficiency is anchored by our assets in the Delaware Basin, where we expect to deliver the powerful combination of improved well productivity for much lower capital cost. Our long-duration resource base underpinned by the Delaware is one of the deepest of any company out there. The resource quality provides us an advantaged platform to drive attractive per share growth and outsized cash returns for many years to come. And with that, I’ll turn the call back over to Scott, and let’s have some Q&A.
Rick Muncrief: Neil, that’s a good question. We have expressed our frustration, I think, in the market really – we really traded down on some of our variances we saw last year in our production volumes. But even though they were minor from a volumetric standpoint, they weren’t from a stock performance standpoint. So I think the setup is really good for investors as we look forward. So it is going to be, I believe, point of inflection for us as we’ve mentioned. Really bullish about our performance, the team has done a wonderful job, getting us through some tough weather. We’ve seen some increased productivity. I think Clay went through the assets really well, and we’re seeing nice growth on the oil side coming out of this first quarter as we enter second, third, fourth quarters of this year. And I’ll also say, Neil, I feel really good about the next several years on our ability to keep our crude volumes where they’re at. I think that it’s – we’re still early. We still are not getting what I think is a strong, strong signal for demand. But when that call comes, I think we’ll be ready to step up for it. But we really feel good about the trends we’re seeing.
Rick Muncrief: Yes. Very good question. Arun, our answer has really not changed that much over the last several years. We’re going to continue to evaluate opportunities. When you’re in five basins, you have some great opportunities in all five of those, and we watch that. We stay attuned to those opportunities as they become available or it’s the right time for us to think about that. So I think we’re going to continue to see the high bar. We’re going to – it’s got to be – it has to have some accretion, it has to have the industrial logic that we have always talked about. And it just has to make us a better company. And if it fits in that framework, man, I think that’s our job is to create value for shareholders. And so we’re going to do that. We also have been advocates for consolidation. I think some of the transactions that’s been announced that I think that’s the – I think they’re positive for the industry. And it just shows that we are a depleting industry. And so you always have to replenish. That’s your portfolio that’s not changed. It’s not changed since the beginning of this industry. And so we’ll always be active. We’ve got a great team. We’ve got great analytics, capabilities in-house, and we do our own internal analytics compare that with what you see out in the public market and adjust. But once again, we’re going to be very, very measured very disciplined. And we will make – we will make some – I think the right decisions, and that does include the binder stock back because I can tell you that at these levels, we are very, very attractive. Great question.
Rick Muncrief: Hi, Kevin, this is Rick. One of the things that I’ve been really proud of over the last 12 to 18 months is coming on the heels of the Validus acquisition, what we have been able to learn at a solid acreage. It’s – I would say it is second, certainly to our Black Hawk acreage. But the thing about it that we need to remind investors of and analyst is that on the Black Hawk acreage, it’s a 50-50 joint venture with BPX. BPX operates the drilling and the completion of that. And what we felt it was really from a – not only a productivity increase, but also just a strategic perspective, we thought it was imperative that we had an asset that we owned that we did the drilling that we did the completions on. The 5-day well that Clay referenced a while ago, I can tell you that absolutely exceeded anything that we had in our Validus development plan. So when I look at that, look, now we’re having some very, very meaningful discussions with our joint venture partner there. And they’re very constructive, and I think it’s going to lead to even better performance over time in the Eagle Ford. I’m really pleased with what we’re seeing with the refrac program. It’s going to continue to drive some – I think, some long-term sustainability down there that a lot of people, I think, are underestimating. So I’ll turn it over to Clay to add any additional color, but the Eagle Ford is an area I can tell you that we’re very excited about.
Rick Muncrief: Yes, it’s Rick. I will field that one. Number one, I really like the scale that we currently have. We have a deep resource base across our five basins that we are in. So, I feel really good about that. Now, we are always – as I mentioned earlier, we are always going to be looking to be opportunistic to add resource, to add investment opportunities at a reasonable value, at an attractive value for our shareholders. I think that’s just really incumbent upon this management team to always being on the hunt there. That being said, we are going to be very disciplined. Some of the recent transactions, I think that were out there that were announced. When I look at the metrics on those, those were rich, it really were. And others, there have been a couple of them that were hats off, very nice deals that we certainly weren’t participating in those processes, but good for them. And that’s great, congratulations. But for us, I want to just continue to drive on the point. We are going to continue to be disciplined and we have to balance short-term accretion with long-term, how that fits in for the long haul for Devon. We are a 50-year-old company. We are not a 5-year-old company. And we have to be really, really thoughtful about that. And so we will continue to look for opportunities, but we are going to maintain that discipline. And at the end of the day, we have a deep, deep resource base. And I think that’s something that, that is incumbent upon this management team that we have to continue to drive home and we have to demonstrate not only how we execute, hitting numbers, exceeding whatever that is, but we just have to do a wonderful job in working with the outside community, outside investors on the resource that we have in-house currently.
Rick Muncrief: I think for us, we are going to stick to our strategy. It’s real simply put. We want to stay as oily as we can for as long as we can. And I think we are seeing that play out in real time with – I am not sure we got where gas prices are as we sit here this morning again, but it’s up $2. That’s not a good spot to be in. And so for us, we want to stay as oily and as liquid rich as we possibly can because throughout the entirety of my career, that’s been the place to go. Now, we are all – I think we all are optimistic about what the future of natural gas could be. And we spent quite a bit of time in D.C. talking about the importance of tone, the importance of consistency with some of our public policy, those sorts of things, and then our foreign trade policies. And so we – so for us, I think near-term, to answer your question, we are going to be very interested in oil-prone basins. Oil is going to drive the margins for the foreseeable future, and that’s kind of where we want to be.
Rick Muncrief: Yes. I am going to let Clay answer the balance of that. But just in real time, just yesterday, I was talking to our – one of our completion managers down there and we are picking up the fourth crew as we mentioned, but the three that have been out there, the – it’s incredible, Charles, on the efficiencies and what we are doing out there. The number of stages and it’s interesting, there is – it’s healthy competition between the team members and certain of the companies that are involved with it and we are actively comparing and contrasting ways that we can get better and better. And at the end of the day, we want to make sure that we do this very, very safely and efficiently. And so we are constantly changing every pad has its unique characteristics. But I can tell you that more and more, we just see these efficiencies that are just incredible. And things that just 12 months ago, we knew that you would see some efficiencies, but we are exceeding some expectations. Clay, why don’t you maybe some follow-up Charles.
Rick Muncrief: Hey David, it’s Rick. I will add that when we talk about it being flat to up slightly in the Delaware, that’s on the oil side. And as you think about an improving – structurally improving gas and NGL structure, you will see growth there. So, I think you can look at it from an equivalent standpoint, it is a growth basin and it’s going to continue to be. That’s what drove a lot of our 8% growth as a company last year. And so I think you are going to see that continue to play out. That’s not only true of us. That’s true of the entire Permian Basin, whether it’s on the Midland side or the Delaware side, you are going to continue to see gas production, NGL production continue to grow even in a flat oil scenario.
Rick Muncrief: Yes. I think it’s a really good question, and it’s a really important topic for us, only as Devon, but as an industry, and it’s something we are going to stay ahead of. We have changing regulations. Devon wants to make sure that we stay ahead of the curve. And these regulations are coming at us quickly. What a lot of people don’t understand is some of these regulations coming are so onerous that many of the low-volume wells that we have across this nation are going to end up being plugged. And so you are going to see oil and natural gas wells that basically are stripper wells, as we always reform to that are such a low volume. They just quite honestly, they cannot afford to spend capital on. And it’s just – it’s going to be a fact of life. And so there are studies by API and some of the other trade groups talk about that impact, but it is real. So, what Devon wants to do, we want to make sure that we are ahead of the curve, as I have said, and it’s something that we will – I think you will see over time is going to continue to creep up for the next 2 years or 3 years. We want to be very thoughtful about that and prudent with it and strategic about it. But it is something to – that we all just have to deal with. It’s a fact of life.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Thanks for the question, Neil. This is one of the frustrating things about a publicly traded company. We get to see what’s coming. We get to see what’s happening well before the market does. And so where I can see the improvement internally in the well productivity from the first half of last year to the second half of last year, those numbers are just starting to hit the public markets and through the public sources. And so I think that’s pretty evident for those that are paying attention that this is not first quarter ‘24, we decided to turn on the production. This is an evolution. We wanted to make some really thoughtful investments in the future of the company. We did that. The market, I believe, responded pretty vigorously to that. We’ve since made some changes in the planning, the well delivery, the well performance is really significantly taken an uptick. As I mentioned, even late last year, you see some of that coming through the public sources. We’re going to – it’s really going to manifest in 2024 and as Rick mentioned, we’re just off to a really good start, even recovering from a pretty severe storm that we saw somewhere 1% to 2% impact. We always bake in winter weather, but an event like that was pretty out of the norm. The productivity of the wells, the performance we’ve been able to overcome that, and we feel really good about delivering – being able to deliver the ‘24 full year numbers.
Clay Gaspar: Thanks for the question, Arun. I think both things come into play. The big headline thing is just a refocus to more where we’ve historically allocated our capital kind of in the core of the basin predominantly where our inventory, our portfolio lays out between New Mexico and Texas. I would say ‘23, especially first half of ‘23, was a little bit of an anomaly on where we were allocating that capital, and we needed to do some work from the infrastructure standpoint, but also really understanding where all these fit together. We’re benefiting tremendously from that work, from that infrastructure build-out, and that’s where we’re seeing the improvement really late ‘23 to what we’re showing today. On the completions question, I wouldn’t point to it’s a big knob that we’ve changed on – excuse me, like a sand concentration or how we’re doing, what we’re doing, but the team is working every single day to think about how do we do it better, how do we touch a little bit more rock and how do we do it more cost effectively. And I can tell you we’re winning on all fronts. These are small wins at this point, some relatively mature way of thinking about these assets, but really, really pleased with the continued improvement there, and that shows up in the numbers as well.
Clay Gaspar: Nitin, it really goes down – goes back to just the core operating team. These are highly talented, highly motivated individuals that are absolutely trying to do the right thing ultimately for the shareholders they work for. Now I will remind you, this is the same team working just as hard with just as much creativity this year as they were last year. What we found is we really needed to focus. We underestimated what a slight change in capital efficiency during the first half of ‘23, meant to investors. I think that was way over extrapolated into us running out of inventory, not being able to do this anymore. We lost our minds, all that good fund. And what we showed is like hang on a second. We still have the capabilities. We’ve got some really impressive inventory, some great quality. And importantly, these are hard-working impressive people that continue to find a way to do it better each quarter. And this is so many things below the radar that don’t always show up in the [indiscernible] data, don’t show up in the financials. I can tell you, we’re winning on lots and lots of fronts and there’s more that to come. So really excited about the go forward. I think we’ve got some good transparency in our slides on quantity of resource, quality of resource. I expect in ‘24 that we will regain a little bit of public mojo, but that, to me, is just – it’s a little overdue. So looking forward to sharing that win with the team.
Clay Gaspar: And if I could, I just want to clarify – I’m sorry, I just want to add one comment on that prior question. I think it’s a common misconception the way we lay the numbers out that we are leaning in or that we’re increasing capital to the Delaware somehow accelerating, that’s not really the case. We are the same rig count, same level of activity. The capital is actually coming down, not just in the total company, but in Delaware, but where we’re seeing the 10% inflection from the company is really a reduction in some of the other areas. So proportionately, Delaware is moving up, but on an absolute basis, we’re not consuming that inventory any faster than we had in ‘23 or years before.
Clay Gaspar: Okay. Alright, thank you for that. Sorry. The acoustics in here weren’t quite right. Sorry about that. Yes, I think in pulling back the activity, for example, in the Williston Basin, that prolongs that basin’s opportunity to continue to deliver free cash flow and offset some of that fall in production with some really healthy wells. What we found is we were pushing a little too quickly, a little too much capital to that asset by having the multiple basins that we do, having our franchise asset in the Delaware Basin. It allows us to take a little bit of pressure off that team, allows them to really make sure that all the ducks are in a row ready for that next pad. And then selectively, we’re going to fund those. And as you saw with the bull news that I talked about on the call, these are phenomenal. These are awesome returns, and we’ve got more of that to come.
Clay Gaspar: We feel really good about being able to effectively produce. Remember, we are really watching our flaring. We don’t want to have unnecessary shut-ins. We are reliant on so many third parties. We wanted to make sure that we had that runway ahead of these very prolific pads coming online. We want to make sure we have that. We do feel very confident in that today. And remember, it’s not just our immediate wells. We’ve got some really high-quality offset operators that know what they’re doing as well. It’s a phenomenal basin, and we have to make sure that all of that plays together very nicely. And so that we have the reliability in the infrastructure to bring these wells online and make sure we ultimately get them to market.
Clay Gaspar: Thanks for that question. I’m really excited about the Eagle Ford. One of the things, unlike a lot of other areas, we’ve continued to test downspacing tighter wells, subsequent well after the initial development has been done, bringing additional wells in, which is really not very favorable in most basins, it tends to work and continue to provide upside in the Eagle Ford. Now when you pair that with some of the refrac activity, we can actually feather in new wells, refrac some of the existing wells, and we’re seeing phenomenal results. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are continuing to expand the runway there without any M&A dollars without – just from the existing footprint, the opportunity set continues to expand and these are very prolific, very accretive to the bottom line kind of numbers that we’re really excited about.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. It’s interesting, Kevin. One of the first thing that comes to mind for me is the efficiency that I talked about in a couple of my slides, you guys know this very well. We’ve been at this game for quite a while. Sometimes that efficiency can pull more activity into the calendar year. Look, this is not our first rodeo. This is February. We’re already watching that for the full year. We’re committed to this range. But if I had to think of what could cause us to kind of float to the upside, it’s probably that kind of work where you’re seeing more opportunities bring some of that activity from ‘25 into ‘24. I think on the downside, there’s – we’re early in the year. I think the supply chain deflation opportunities are still – we’ve got a 5% year-over-year kind of baked in. I feel good about that. I feel very confident we’re going to be able to deliver that. As the year plays out, we really need to see where that changes over time. My current crystal ball doesn’t see a lot of inflation, but there’s certainly deflation opportunities in that number, and that potentially could allow us to float down to the lower end of that range.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. Thanks for those comments, Rick. I think that’s spot on. Kevin, the only thing I wanted to add is, I do show a relatively meaningful drop, probably about like a 10% or so drop in capital, about $75 million, a rough number I had from ‘23 to ‘24. And again, that’s with single-digit production growth on top of that. Now, there is some well mix in there. We have a joint venture partner on part of the assets. We own the rest. We operate kind of a normal fashion. So, there is some change in mix. But from a capital efficiency standpoint, things are moving in the right direction, and we continue to see upside potential on this particular asset.
Clay Gaspar: Scott, it’s pretty consistent year-over-year. We are always trying to drill longer laterals. It’s kind of the opportunity set in front of us. We are always – we feel very confident in our ability to deliver three-mile laterals from a productivity, from an operational standpoint. The land mix doesn’t always allow for that. So, we are going to be north of two miles, but not too much north, and it will be fairly consistent year-over-year.
Clay Gaspar: Scott, I think it’s really the well mix. We have got some wells coming on, the Williston wells are exceptionally high oil cut. We continue to bring those in. I think that’s just working in our favor in that regard.
Clay Gaspar: Scott, is all of the above an option. No, I mean seriously, any one of these things gets constrained and you are dead in the water, or at least constrained. And so we work really hard to not just build what is the best rate of return opportunity set in our portfolio, but we are very thoughtful about modeling our own infrastructure, even modeling third-party infrastructure if we don’t feel that they do an adequate job. And then there is the occasional curve ball where one of the third-parties maybe even in the electrification front, can’t come through with their normal pace. We need to have enough flexibility, enough forethought, enough creativity to be able to solve some of those problems essentially for them. So, one of the things I mentioned is building out more of our own electrical infrastructure. We have about 700 miles of electric lines in our basin already. We generate some of our own power. We have our own micro grids. And this is really taking the bull by the horns out of necessity, because otherwise, the local power providers were not going to be able to keep up. So, those are the kind of proactive steps that we really leaned in probably with double effort in ‘23 because some of these historical norms have really changed, and we want to make sure that we didn’t just bring on a bunch of wells and then be abnormally constrained and have to answer questions about why our wells are so terrible. So anyway, I feel really good about the work that we did in ‘23 that we continue to do in ‘24, but look, we are not out of the woods. We continue to look at infrastructure needs in ‘26, ‘27 and ‘28. We are working with partners as best we can, and I really think we have a great runway ahead of us. But the team is always on caution to make sure that we are prepared for those unforeseen challenges.
Clay Gaspar: We have more simul frac coming – we are completing today, and more to come throughout the year and go forward. One of the challenge of simul frac, you really need to plan that 12 months or 18 months ahead when you are planning the well site location, how many wells on one particular location, because that enables more ability to do some of that. So, about 12 months ago, we started really kind of leaning in, building a little bit larger number of wells per pad instead of separate pads. That allows more simul frac opportunity, which we are seeing great results, and we are continuing to benefit from. We are also testing some very interesting things where we artificially tie pads together with some big lines between the two. So, there is some really creative stuff. But again, it’s a little below the radar, typically of what we talk about on earnings calls. But I can tell you that the teams are doing just amazing work and really adding material value through these efficiencies to the bottom line of Devon. So, really appreciate the great work there.
Clay Gaspar: Yes. I think sometime last year, we are deep in the penalty box. We talked about the highlights of some of the great work that the team did around understanding the Wolfcamp B. Now, that work is manifesting and more of that be coming to kind of that front end of the priority list, really competitive, super accretive, and we are incorporating that landing zone into some of the development that we have during the course of ‘24 and beyond. And so here is how I would characterize it. This is landing zones that we knew were viable. We needed to test. We needed to understand. We needed to try some different configurations to really find the best approach. During the course of ‘22 and ‘23, we did that. We optimized a development approach. And now in ‘24, we are benefiting from some of that. So, again, it probably was lost in some of the shuffle last year, but this is work that we did during the course of ‘23 that we are significantly benefiting from. This expands what I would consider some of our really Tier 1 runway. It’s stuff that was a little further out in the priority on a risk basis as we de-risked it what it really has moved to the front of the pack, and we are really excited about the continued good work there.
Clay Gaspar: I think it’s – I would put it in the same category as Devon. We are a low growth kind of zero to 5%. Delaware will play a certain role. Some quarters, some years, it’s going to be a little bit of a tick up. Others, it’s going to be relatively flat. But I wouldn’t think of it as a standout growth asset. We are really pleased with the year-over-year performance. As I mentioned, it did grow. We also were able to build a few extra DUCs during the course of the second half of last year that we were able to capture the benefit of in the first half of this year. So, there is kind of that going on in the background. But I wouldn’t say it’s materially out of step with overall Devon or with the other basins.
Clay Gaspar: David, what I would characterize most of it is, is retrofitting in existing facilities with better designs to lower emissions. And by the way, keep us well ahead of this coming regulation wave. So, you could look at this out of necessity. I think we are half a click ahead. We try and stay well ahead of just necessity. But these are regulations that we will always make sure that we are staying in front of to continue to reserve our important rights as an organization to provide energy to fuel the world. So, thanks again for the question, David.
