Xia Liu: Thank you, Scott. We earned $0.67 a share for the second quarter. While this was a decrease of $0.25 quarter-over-quarter, we exceeded our Q4 guidance -- Q2 guidance range of $0.60 to $0.64 per share, driven by favorable O&M and financing compared to guidance. As Scott indicated, we're on-track to meet our 2024 earnings guidance. As I reminded you on the last couple of calls, with the redesign changes at Peoples Gas, base revenues are now more concentrated in the first and fourth quarters when natural gas usage is the highest. This earnings shift has impacted our second quarter and will impact our Q3 guidance, which I will discuss in a few minutes. Now, let's look at our quarter-over-quarter variances. Our earnings package includes a comparison of second quarter results on Page 15. I'll walk through the significant drivers. Starting with our utility operations, earnings were $0.19 lower compared to the second quarter of 2023 as a result of higher O&M, fuel, depreciation and amortization, interest and other expenses. A couple of drivers for the day-to-day O&M variance are worth noting. One, we experienced higher storm costs in the current quarter compared to Q2 last year. And two, we benefited in Q2 last year from a land sale at a retired plant site in Wisconsin. Looking ahead, I now expect overall day-to-day O&M in 2024 to be 2% to 3% higher compared to 2023. This is a 4% improvement compared to our initial expectation due to our continued O&M savings initiatives that we expect to realize late this year. The impact of weather was flat for the quarter. Compared to normal conditions, we estimate that weather had a $0.02 negative impact for the second quarter in both 2023 and 2024. Our weather normal electric sales in Wisconsin are relatively flat quarter-over-quarter and are overall in line with our forecast. Looking at ATC, continued capital investment contributed an incremental penny to Q2 earnings compared to 2023. And in our Energy Infrastructure segment, earnings improved $0.02 in the second quarter of '24 compared to the second quarter of '23, driven partially by higher production tax credit at WEC Infrastructure. Finally, you'll see that earnings at our Corporate and Other segment decreased $0.09 as a result of the impact of tax timing and higher interest expense. Now turning to guidance, for the third quarter, we are expecting a range of $0.68 to $0.70 per share. This accounts for July weather and assumes normal weather for the rest of the quarter. As I mentioned earlier, it also accounts for the shift in Illinois revenue recognition pattern. Our third quarter 2023 earnings were $1 a share. Once again, we are reaffirming our 2024 earnings guidance of $4.80 to $4.90 per share, assuming normal weather for the rest of the year. Before I turn back to Scott, let me quickly remind you that we continue to utilize dividend reinvestment and employee benefit plans to issue common equity. Also, as we said before, we plan to set up an ATM program. Overall, we still project that our common equity issuance will be up to $200 million for 2024. Post 2024, our equity issuances will be tied to our capital spending ratably with approximately $500 million expected per year in the current plan. We look forward to updating you in the fall as we refresh our capital and financing plans. With that, I'll turn it back to Scott.
Xia Liu: Yes. We took that into consideration as we reaffirmed the annual guidance of $4.80 to $4.90. So as I mentioned, we continue to focus on O&M management and financing costs and tax and others. So we're confident that we can offset the downside from the delay.
Xia Liu: Yes, it's between $100 million to $120 million a year, Durgesh. And as Scott mentioned, we are in the process of refreshing the capital plan. So we're working with the team in Illinois to reflect the latest development from the commission's decision on the approval of the $28.5 million. So likely that number could potentially come down over the next five years, but we're still working through the details right now.
Xia Liu: Oh, there -- every manager in the business unit understands that we had a very mild first quarter. So we made it very clear that we need to be highly focused on O&M to offset the weather headwind in the first quarter. Benefits are lower, expected to be lower. We're also looking at all the angles about using contractors versus internal labor and we -- it's across-the-board, I would say, so...
Xia Liu: I think it's a combination of one-time initiatives, but also continued focus on driving efficiency across-the-board which is also sustainable. It's a combination of both.
Xia Liu: It would be slightly positive. If you think about the reason why we had a large timing -- tax timing in the first quarter and the opposite in the second quarter. Part of that is driven by the earnings pattern shift in Illinois, so tax dollars follow the earnings pattern. And two, we had a deferral -- I'm sorry, the delay of the Delilah. So part of that is reflected in the second quarter. But as we put Delilah online end-of-the year, we expect the tax dollars to follow.
Scott Lauber: Thank you, Xia. Overall, we're on track and focused on providing value for our customers and our stockholders. Operator, we're ready now for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Scott Lauber: Thank you, Shar. So just as everyone -- update everyone, they announced spending $3.3 billion through 2024 through 2026, which is on that first about 315 acres that they purchased. And then last fall, they purchased another 1,030 acres. And, of course, we pulled our capital plans together before that 1,000 acres were purchased. And then just this morning, there's been a couple announcements in the paper where they purchased another 173 acres in Southeastern Wisconsin. So we are currently in the process of working with Microsoft and developing our plans for our next five-year plan that we'll roll out this fall in the development. But currently, we really only have the energy and the capacity needs for that first 315 acres.
Scott Lauber: Sure. And we've been working with Microsoft on the needs for the area and Wisconsin has got a lot of development opportunities and we want to make sure we hit the capacity requirements we need for the area to support the growth, not just Microsoft, but all the other growth that we're seeing in the region. So that's why we've added the -- and you'll see more filings shortly on renewable projects in the next month or so that we're proposing to help beat the capacity and the energy needs in the region. So we think there's a lot of opportunity not only from generation of renewables, some capacity needs, some distribution needs also, but also American Transmission Company and investment in the transmission in the region. So we're factoring all that in as we pull together our five-year plan here.
Scott Lauber: No, I don't think there's anything to read into that. We, of course, thought if we get approval on that, we'll wait and see what the final written order is. But when you look at the value we're providing our customers getting these orders in early, both from a cost-savings standpoint and a time of delivery standpoint, there's really a lot of value for our customers. So we're going to most likely ask for reconsideration and refile that information with the additional information they're looking for. So stay tuned on that, but we think there's a lot of value. And I know the cost of the projects as the longer you wait would continue to go up as everyone across the country is looking at adding generation.
Scott Lauber: No, I think you got it right in line. I mean, of course, we'll put everything together and look at it, refresh it again, but similar to what Xia has been talking about, we'll just look at the equity needs in-line with the capital spend and be very excited about the long-term growth that we have available on the capital and the insights we have looking-forward on additional capital.
Scott Lauber: Sure. So let's look at both of them. So the QIP Rider is from other years. Right now, 2016 Rider has been queued up I think for a decision hopefully I would expect by the end-of-the year. Decision will be made in that. As you know, it's 2016 Rider, so it's been a while. And then, of course, we have those other years under the QIP still to look at. So remember the requirements there is prudency and we think we've been very prudent specifically after the Integrys acquisition where we really took a look at the program and factored in a lot of information that we received from the audits of the Liberty Audit and staff recommendations from that audit. So those are still more to come on there. And then under the current S&P, remember, the S&P in our last rate case, no one requested a pause in the program at all during the rate case. And now in looking at the testimony for the first set of testimony that came through, there is no one also recommending a pause in the case. The range that our people are talking about that was in the testimony is from including emergency work to working with the City of Chicago and emergency work. There, the City of Chicago, I think he said he should lift the pause for at least two years with a cap of about $245 million all the way to the other extreme where I think staff recommending that you accelerate the program and actually get it done faster by 2030. So there's quite a range in the middle there. But once again, none of the interveners in the initial testimony, they all said they should lift the pause and get some work done specifically related to the emergency work and working with the City of Chicago as they do their capital work.
Scott Lauber: Yes. And we're going to have to wait-and-see and see what they say. I think when you look at it from every intervener group though, they are saying we need to work with the City of Chicago, including the City of Chicago to help them with their capital programs and everyone even there on the rehearing talked about the emergency work. So on that low end, you're talking between $60 million and $100 million a year. So I don't think anyone is disputing that. And I understand what the commission is, but they're taking some time. And I think when you look at that last S&P case or the rehearing we asked for, they are concentrating on purely emergency and wanted to wait for this order to look at the entire program. So I wish I knew the answer, but that's why we're going to the case.
Scott Lauber: Yes, sure. There was -- and remember, we haven't purchased it yet. We have a commitment to, but it was during construction and there was a hail event there. So there was some hail damage. We want to work with the developer as they are repairing it to make sure the fields in full shape before we purchase it. We anticipate based on all the latest discussions that it will be in by the end-of-the year. And we get weekly updates on the progress going there. And right now that is still the plan to be in by the end-of-the year assuming no other events happen.
Scott Lauber: Sure. I think Tranche 2 from everything I've seen and heard is going to be larger than Tranche 1 and you've talked about that. I think it will be probably about proportionately larger for ATC. So a lot of good opportunities there, but that spending probably won't actually occur to like 2030 plus, right, because they're still working through Tranche 1. I think the other big driver for American transmission company is going to be the economic development in the region and putting in renewables in the system. So last year, Tranche 1 had an effect on our capital plan, but the biggest drivers were economic development and continuing renewables in Wisconsin. So I consider both of those to be additional drivers. And remember that Tranche 1 was in 2020. So as they go through and reprice all of that, when you think about inflation in the last several years, it's going to be -- it's going to most likely be bigger than the original amount.
Scott Lauber: Well -- and we'll look at it. When you think about Illinois, we'll know more on the S&P program in the first quarter of next year. There's also a -- there's the future of natural gas that's being looked at and there's also an IRP process where we get stakeholders involved and our first filing will be in 2025. So, as you know, as we pull our capital plans together in the fall of this year, we're going to be pretty conservative as we look at that until we have a little more clarity. And when we think about it, there's just a lot of opportunities outside of Illinois for the additional capital and growth.
Scott Lauber: Sure. And actually, thanks, Neil and thanks for the question. So we're actually -- between us and American transmission company, we're actually spending some money now on some of the substations and we have those orders in for some of the generation and it's to support the economic development across-the-board. So it's going to be '24, '25 and then even more in '26 as we get those orders released at the commission and approval for that generation. We're also -- in the next month or so, you'll see some filing on additional renewables that support the generation needs as we continue to add renewables to our portfolio. So that spending, it will be probably in that '26, '27 timeframe.
Scott Lauber: Exactly, exactly. And remember, the growth that they provided us is really only through their capital plans through '26. I imagine once they get it in, they'll continue to ramp up. But we'll continue to work through it. And I think our plan is extremely long as we start adding 2029 to our five-year plan.
Scott Lauber: No, I think it's kind of early to tell. I think they were just looking for some additional information and I don't think they had the full information on and they mentioned on the economics and the benefits of this. So this is maybe a communication between our staff and their staff and we just got to understand it. So we'll get the order, we'll review it. We'll pull the information together and ask for a reconsideration. I'm not overly concerned on this. And in the end, when you listen to their comments, if they didn't have all the information, you know they have to make the right decision for what they think is right too. So I appreciate them really evaluating each case. So I won't over -- read into this over too much.
Scott Lauber: Yes, it's really -- we've had really good productive conversations with NextEra, but really nothing to report at this time. So still in discussions, but stay-tuned to this. And we'll -- we're working on it.
Scott Lauber: All right. Thank you. Well, that concludes our conference call for today. Thank you for participating. If you have any questions, feel free as always to call Beth Straka at 414-221-4639. Thank you.
Shar Pourreza: Hi, Scott. Just -- starting off just on sort of the perennial Microsoft opportunity that always seems to be asked. It's obviously becoming even more kind of topical now. Just remind us on what portion of Microsoft's land acquisition and build is kind of layered in your current plan? And the reason why I ask is that it's obviously now kind of public that they bought a bit more land. And I guess, when do you see this hit your plan more materially? Thanks.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Okay, that's perfect. So more to come there. And then just lastly on the Delilah I solar project delay, it's roughly six months. I guess, can you just -- maybe a question for Xia is how to think about the offsets around the potential headwind there versus your kind of prior assumption? Thanks.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. That's perfect. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it. And hopefully Gale is somewhere tropical listening to this earnings call. Thanks. Appreciate it.
