Gale E. Klappa: Pat, thank you very much. Overall, we're on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.
Gale E. Klappa: Okay. Well, let me walk you through our thinking. First of all, as you know, we -- as promised, we published today for all of you a 10-year capital spending plan to give everyone a little bit better clarity on the investment opportunities that we see, particularly in our retail utilities going forward. When we look at those investment opportunities, which are real, when we look at several other opportunities -- investment opportunities that may or may not come to pass but we're working on, when you factor in the growth from American Transmission Company and factor in potential uses of our strong cash flow, as I say, we have no reason today to change our long-term earnings growth forecast and I personally think that, that forecast will place us among the best managed, best growing companies in the industry.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, if you -- I think a pretty simple way to look at that is if you start with where we are today, where our utility rate base, is about $6.6 billion at the end of 2013. We're projecting out to grow to $7.1 billion of rate base by the end of '15. And then you can just do the math in terms of looking at that lifesaver chart we have for 10 years, and then taking the $425 million of average depreciation. So you can see what the utility -- the basic utility rate base growth looks like in terms of capital investment above the rate of depreciation.
Gale E. Klappa: Sure, we'll be happy to do that. Pat and Steve have all the information on deferred taxes going forward.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, I would look at it more who's copying us, Jim, but then I'm biased. I mean, clearly, we think we can deliver the best customer value and best shareholder value by focusing our investments on our core business. So point number one, which you've heard me reiterate time and time again is, we do not intend to diversify into unregulated businesses or to golf courses in Mexico. I mean, we're going to focus on our knitting. We're going to excel at managing investment projects and bringing them in for customers on-time and on budget. We're going to continue to try to be the most reliable utility in the nation, and that's our basic strategy. And from that strategy, we believe, at the moment, that our medium-term growth rate is 4% to 6%.
Gale E. Klappa: And I would guess, to Pat's point, that the growth rate in individual customer use of natural gas, going forward, is going to depend upon whether or not gas prices stay in a reasonable and relatively stable zone, so we will see. But clearly, I think Pat is right. The outlook, in terms of growth in natural gas consumption, is stronger right now going forward than what I hope is a conservative assumption on our part on the electric side.
Gale E. Klappa: Maybe, Michael, we could step back a second and take that little bit different hypothetical because that -- those units are dispatched virtually all the time. At least [indiscernible] units are dispatched virtually all the time. So I'm not sure starting at a point where they don't get dispatched is particularly helpful. Maybe the best way to look at it is that iron ore mines switched supplier September 1. The cost to us, without any reimbursement whatsoever from MISO as we just continued to dispatch the units and basically, covering our fuel costs, the cost was about $0.01 a month, $0.01 a share or about roughly $4 million a month.
Gale E. Klappa: We do not get the $0.04 back from September through December, nor will we get compensated other than what we get on the hourly market in January. Remember, these payments are effective assuming FERC approval February 1. So I think we're all kind of looking at each other. I don't see any real uptick here. It's about awash.
Gale E. Klappa: It's very early. As everyone probably knows, Wisconsin is on a 2-year cycle, so this would be our normal bi-annual case. We would expect to file it in the spring, and we're putting together all the details as we speak. But I would suspect that the rate request will be very modest. And in addition to that, given the very strong performance of our generating units in the MISO market during the past year, I would expect that, that rate request will also include a fuel refund to customers.
Gale E. Klappa: That is correct. And if you look at it that way, megawatt-hours delivered will exceed megawatt-hours generated except a lot of those megawatt-hours are coming from our Presque Isle plant. So...
Gale E. Klappa: I mean, it's certainly possible, but I wouldn't expect that for 2015 or 2016. Maybe later in 2016 or 2017.
Gale E. Klappa: No real change. We've been always saying that we want to be deliberate with our testing to make sure there's no degradation of the units and to be certain of what equipment modifications really might be needed for the long term. And our plan had always been to file for anything we might need in terms of commission approval related to the fuel blending in late '14 or early '15, so that is absolutely on track, Nathan.
Gale E. Klappa: You are absolutely correct, Nathan. That, if it comes to pass, would be additional on top of all the bars and all the spending that you see on that page. So it would be on top of the roughly $650 million to $670 million a year.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, I think the state continues to progress forward in its thinking, and our expectation is that they are in the final stage of determining which financial advisors they would like to hire. They put out an RFP for financial advisors in the fall. I know they have interviewed financial advisors, and my sense is that, in the next month or 2, they may choose their financial advisor, and then the financial advisor would help them organize the effort going forward. And that's why we're saying if the sale of state-owned assets takes place, it probably would occur, our guess would be, in 2015.
Gale E. Klappa: It's a very good question, Nathan. And the direct answer is that would be investment upside. We have not assumed anything in the terms of capital spending for state-owned power plants. It would be an investment upside for us.
Gale E. Klappa: Nathan, because the state is not really at a point where any due diligence is -- has been allowed, we have, in our minds, put a placeholder, but it's simply a guesstimate, and we're guesting $250 million perhaps for an initial capital outlay to purchase the plants. But that's just simply a guesstimate at this point.
Gale E. Klappa: Yes. When you see that gas delivery bar increase, that is exactly right. That would reflect the big lump of capital spending that would be required to make progress on that project in that year.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, the -- these are -- as you know, Western Wisconsin is quite rural, so these are small communities, a couple of thousand people per community. But the real demand out there is really coming, as I mentioned, from 2 areas; One, potential customer growth from these communities; but secondly, overall demand growth. Propane is widely used, particularly by farmers and other businesses in that section of the state. So conversions from propane and then, of course, the tremendous growth of the sand mining industry. We've gone from something in the neighborhood of 10 sand mining and sand processing operations in 2010 to over 100 sand mining operations. Actually, Pat is saying it's a 115 licensed sand mining operations last year, and these sand mining operations have to drive the sand before it is shipped. And their preferred method for drying sand is very large natural gas-fueled dryers. So you're seeing sand mine -- you're seeing requests from sand mining operations for us to supply gas to their operations. We're seeing customers wanting to switch from propane. And you know, Dan, as you follow the news, there have been shortages of propane in more than 24 states. And the price of propane, if you can get it, particularly in Western Wisconsin, is just incredible. So we would expect the demand from customers wanting to switch to propane, we would expect that momentum to continue to grow even from where we've seen it over the past couple of years.
Gale E. Klappa: What I can tell you, because we -- I personally look at this data every week. What I can tell you is that through January, now it's been cold, obviously. And so there is some bit of -- some small amount of weather sensitivity, even with the large industrials. But if you take a look at the 17 industrial customer segments where we have significant customer presence and where we serve, we serve industrial customers in 17 different segments of the economy. Through January, 9 of those 17 segments continued to show growth.
Gale E. Klappa: No, there is some variation. I mean, again, given the fact that in total retail, we're only projecting 0.5% growth. The variation is not huge, but there is some modest variation. It's got, I think -- we're probably projecting a little stronger growth in small commercial and industrial than in a large.
Gale E. Klappa: Yes. So the only -- it's pretty even except a little bit stronger growth in small commercial and industrial than in large.
Gale E. Klappa: We'd certainly been very thorough about running our models through the next 5 and, as Pat mentioned, our cumulative total free cash flow for '14 through '18 is approximately $500 million. I can tell you that, based on what we're seeing further out -- and again a lot of assumptions have to go into the further out, your capital spending, your returns, the growth -- in none of those periods that we turned negative cash.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, to your second question, Vedula, I don't see anything on the horizon related to the distribution networks across the country or the grids across the country. I don't see anything on the horizon that would even resemble Price-Anderson, nothing like that. That may not be a bad idea, but I don't see anything quite like that at all. And then in terms of investments that we're making related to cybersecurity, the answer is yes. We are making investments related to cybersecurity, relating to protecting our networks. I would be a little reluctant to get into the specifics of those investments. But particularly on the gas distribution side of the business, I think over the course of 5, 10 years from now, over the second half of the 5-year period, you will see an increasing amount of capital spend on just security for the gas distribution networks as new pipeline safety rules come into effect. But yes, there are ongoing investments, things that we are doing, both physical security and protection from cybersecurity.
Gale E. Klappa: Right now, it is not the lion's share anywhere close to out of our capital budget, but I would say -- my own personal belief is that as we work out 3, 5 and 10 years, that type of investment will become more and more material.
Gale E. Klappa: And when Allen said that they got something and bring it back to the cave, I'm assuming we'd have to heat the cave.
Gale E. Klappa: Yes. Everybody is saying -- everybody is agreeing. That's largely timing from the year-to-year as we've refined our forecast going out.
Gale E. Klappa: That depends upon load growth. I mean, if we -- if our load growth projections are conservative and renewable energy credits diminish in terms of their -- either their availability or their cost, then yes. But right now, that's our best guesstimate in terms of timing. All right. Well, ladies and gentlemen, I believe that concludes our conference call for today. Thank you so much for participating. If you have any other questions, the famous Colleen Henderson is available in our Investor Relations office, and her direct line is (414) 221-2592. Thank you, everyone. Good night.
Allen L. Leverett: Yes, Kit, this is Allen. I guess when you look at ATC, their projected rate base this year -- so 2014, their projected rate base is about $3 billion. And if you look at their 10-year capital spending plan solely for their traditional footprint, so their traditional service territory, if you will, in Wisconsin as well as in Michigan, they're projecting somewhere between $3 billion and $3.6 billion worth of capital over the next 10 years. So if you superimposed $3 billion to $3.6 billion on top of $3 billion of the current rate base, I mean, that gets you really to the mid to the upper end really of a 4% to 6%. So it's very, very supportive, meaning, net income growth rate. So it's very supportive of our Wisconsin Energy target. And then -- and although we're not including anything, Kit, over the next 3 years for additional net income contribution from projects outside of ATC's footprint, to the extent they can do some things outside their footprint, that will just go on top of really inside their footprint growth rate that's already supportive of 4% to 6%. Hopefully, that's responsive to your question.
Allen L. Leverett: Well, the internal cash flow at ATC is very, very strong. So for the stuff inside the footprint, Kit, I would expect fairly minimal capital contributions being required. Now if they kill something and bring it back to the cave from outside the footprint, those -- some of those are pretty significant investments, and that would require some capital contributions from us as well as the other owners.
Allen L. Leverett: Yes. And I guess maybe just to simplify, maybe just talk about it, and the 2 components that Gale talked about. But yes, there is a fixed component, Michael, which for a 12-month period, the fixed component would be approximately $52 million. And then, as Gale mentioned, when they dispatch the units, they would pay us essentially whatever the variable cost of operation is. So $52 million of 6 payments over a 12-month period, so 12 monthly payments, and then a variable component based on the operating costs. And Michael, the operating costs of the unit is on the order of $30 a megawatt hour, approximately.
Allen L. Leverett: Yes. So Michael, as you step back, of course, 4 times 12 is 48. I mean, you -- the $52 million and the $40 million M&Ls offset each other.
Allen L. Leverett: Yes. Because you get 11 months of the fixed payments, Michael, and then we talked about the $4 million a month loss from the mines.
Allen L. Leverett: Yes. Well, I did not know that electric transmission, I don't know if this a verb, but is REIT-able. Whether you could put that into a REIT or in some sort of master-limited partnership. So I wasn't aware that you could put electric transmission in that kind of structure, so I can't really comment on that in detail, Michael. But as I step back, I mean, in terms of ownership structure, I mean, we and the other owners, I mean, we certainly have the cash flow to fund the growth. And as I mentioned, in response to Kit's question earlier, it's quite accretive to our growth rates from our retail business. So we still think it fits, and it fits pretty well in terms of the current ownership structure.
Allen L. Leverett: We're often confused. The 3 years out, you're exactly right. We've not made any assumptions that ATC would make any additional investments outside the footprint. But I can tell you, certainly, past those 3 years, I mean, ATC is very actively pursuing projects. But at this point, we're just being very conservative about how we put our projections together, and we're not assuming that they get any of those projects. But I've seen, certainly, stuff that they're pursuing that's upwards of $4 billion worth of capital investment. So I would hope that they would get some of those projects. But at this point, we haven't included them in our financial forecast.
Allen L. Leverett: Yes. And that's, obviously, just a placeholder at this point, Mike. And I would expect that renewable technologies will -- they've changed a lot in the last 10 years, and I'm sure they'll continue to change over the next 10 years. So it's really just a placeholder at this point, but it's an indication that, at some point, we're going to need some additional renewable capacity in order to stay in compliance with the state portfolio standard.
Allen L. Leverett: Well, really a combination. Gale mentioned the fixed investments that we made, so the biomass, the 2 large wind farms and some other smaller renewable investments. So we have that, plus we've been buying some renewable energy credits. So really, it's a combination of those 2, Mike.
James Patrick Keyes: Yes, Kit, that's correct. The -- I mean, I kind of walked through the deltas for '13 and then moved on to '14. So I'll just clip through them real quick. So overall, it was 0.1% decrease of normalized sales, so basically flat. With residential, up about 4/10; small commercial, down -- excuse me, up about a 1/10; and then the large C&I, down about 8/10.
James Patrick Keyes: Yes. I think we've kind of said over a 5-year horizon. We're looking at a long-term flattish to maybe 0.5%. Again, that's on the electric side.
James Patrick Keyes: Well, the gas side, yes, it's been interesting. I mean, if you look back from 2011 to 2012, normalized gas, we grew 1.3%-ish, and we're 2.4% 2012 to 2013, so I still don't trust our normalization completely. I mean, it was real warm here in 2012 and really cold last year. But if you look at -- since 1970s, say, that's been clear use for customers than on a steady decline. I think it's -- at minimum, we've leveled off, and you could probably make an argument that it may be creeping back.
James Patrick Keyes: Yes. Dan, this is Pat. The difference on the -- what Allen affectionally calls the lifesaver chart, that $668 million is only in the utilities, and what you're looking on the cash flow statement would include Power the Future. That's the difference.
James Patrick Keyes: Sure, Dan. Yes, you're right. We've got that 6% coupon, $300 million coming due late March, April. That one will be replaced late Q1, early Q2. Probably about $250 million is what we're forecasting right now. And then, we've also got -- you may recall that in 2013, at Wisconsin Gas, we had a $45 million bond retired. We've not replaced that. We didn't replace that last year, but we will -- forecasting we'll replace that this year probably. So I would say Q2, Q3, maybe $100 million at Wisconsin Gas.
Dan Jenkins: Okay. And then I was curious on that same slide, just to kind of to clarify. You showed 2013, that's a different amount than what you're showing on Page 5 on your cash flow statement. There, you're showing $687 million. I was wondering what the difference was there.
Dan Jenkins: Okay. Going back to this, you mentioned on this pipeline that it would potentially -- that it would pass 9 communities that would potentially be interested in hooking on the gas service...
Dan Jenkins: I was just curious what the potential -- like what's the population in that as far so we can get a sense for the potential growth.
