Gale Klappa: Pat, thank you very much. Overall, we're on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.
Gale Klappa: Julien, again, we’re trying to give you for 2015 our standalone guidance, because no one is certain at this point the exact closing date and let me just iterate that a little more. Right now, July 6 would be the longest date that’s been established out there, that’s by the Illinois Commerce Commission for a vote. So we’re saying we expect to close on the second half of 2015, much of the acquisition relates to acquiring natural gas distribution companies. Obviously, their sales are quite low in the third quarter. So we really unfortunately can’t give you any more precise information about the impact of one month or not, really it does depend upon the month of the season, depends upon the weather, but I don’t think it’s going to have a huge impact one way or another. We are still expecting to close in the second half.
Gale Klappa: Couple of things. About two thirds of our overall capital spending over the course of the several years, we will be focused on upgrading our ageing electric and natural gas distribution networks, particularly the electric distribution networks. And that’s very much age-driven. If you look at the reliability of the equipment in our industry, which as you know is incredibly reliable, you start to see the significant uptick in failure rates after the equipment reaches age 50. So we are focusing our upgrades, we are focusing our replacements on equipment that is reaching or passing that age. And we’re seeing more equipment and we are seeing more investment requirement related to upgrading those electric distribution networks. I think overall, if you look at our rolling 10-year capital plan, it’s up pan about $100 million from the last 10-year plan.
Gale Klappa: Sure, be happy to Julien. Let me start with the large commercial and industrial customers, our large customer group. And that’s an interesting statistic that we did not put in the script, but I think is worth mentioning. If you look at our delivered volumes of electricity to our large customers for 2014 and include the iron ore mines up in the Upper Peninsula, which we’re still responsible for delivery regardless of where their supply comes from, if you look at that customer segment, weather normal, it was actually up 3.8% during 2014. That’s pretty strong industrial growth in 2014. We are projecting virtually flat for that customer segment in 2015, coming off that big uptick in 2014, and that’s based really on the input we received from our large customers when we interviewed them in the fall of the year as we finalize our forecast. So in essence, what we are expecting on the large commercial and industrial side of our business is to sustain the growth that occurred in 2014 to probably stay pretty close to that level. That’s really the insight that I would give you on our large commercial and industrial. And then in essence, for residential weather normal, for commercial weather normal, basically a little bit of growth offset by conservation and a net-net of flat.
Gale Klappa: So basically, we took a small charge in the fourth quarter and then we embedded an estimate of slightly lower ROEs in our 2015 guidance to you. So the numbers that Pat showed you or mentioned to you, in our 2015 guidance band of $2.67 to $2.77, that assumes also a slightly lower at the top end and bottom end slightly lower ROE outcome once FERC decides the MISO case in, we think, the second half.
Gale Klappa: What we really did was we said, okay, at one end of the spectrum, and we’re not going to be precise, Jonathan, about the spectrum, but at one end of the spectrum, the decline could be X cents, at the lower end of the spectrum, it could be Y cents, and we embedded the X and the Y in the guidance we have given you.
Gale Klappa: Sure, would be happy to. First of all, I want to make sure everyone understands that this particular order that came out yesterday afternoon is a separate docket completely from our merger docket. So we really don’t see any real link between the two. And we’ve just had a quick review obviously of the order itself, but couple of points. First of all, we believe the Michigan Commission wants some very broad input from a whole range of parties on units that receive or could receive the SSR, the subsidy, the system support resource payments from MISO and where the state authority starts and ends and where the federal authority starts and ends for units that have these SSR payments or could have these SSR payments in the future. So that I think is the nut of where the intent of that particular docket that the Commission opened is and we’ll be happy to work with the Commission, we’ll be happy to provide our input. But also I want to assure you that there is no issue with making sure that we have adequate supply for as long as we own the assets in the Upper Peninsula to meet customer needs. That really is our intention, obviously we will keep the Presque Isle units open under MISO direction for as long as they need to be.
Gale Klappa: I’m sorry, just the opposite. I mean, if you think about how the settlement was put together, the Governor’s office, the Michigan State Attorney General, the PSC staff and the iron ore mines are all parties to the settlement. And certainly, from everything we are sensing and everything we can tell are fully, fully on board with the settlement. This is a separate docket entirely.
Gale Klappa: Well, no, because under the way rates have been set, associated with serving the mines will be deferred on our balance sheet.
Gale Klappa: Yes, deferred, the margin and the cost – the cost and then resulting in the margin will be deferred until the next rate case.
Gale Klappa: Very interesting question and actually there’s been a lot of analysis over the last couple of months, particularly as oil prices began to crater, about the impact in the western part of the state on the huge expansion we’ve seen in frac sand mining. And for right now, we’re actually not seeing any downturn at all in frac sand production in the western part of the state. And when we talk with the frac sand producers, they’re still quite optimistic. Now, I would say the growth is going to level off and we’re not going to see for the near term any significant additional growth, but they’re not seeing any downturn either. And I think that’s in part because Wisconsin has now become the number one supplier of frac sand in the country. It’s the quality of the sand, it’s the ease of getting that sand to market from where the sand mines are. So we’re not seeing any real deterioration at this point and the customers that we are talking to out there don’t expect to see any 2015 deterioration as well.
Gale Klappa: I think we’ll just give you a ballpark number here, and again, this is a very, very small part of our business. But the book value of the distribution assets is going to be in the neighborhood of $100 million.
Gale Klappa: Let’s see if we broke it down in the materials we brought into the room of year by year, I can tell you that over the period, as I mentioned earlier, about two thirds of the capital spending will be tied to our distribution networks. We will have a disproportionate amount of capital spending this year because this is our big spending year for the western Wisconsin natural gas expansion, that 85 mile lateral that I mentioned and that’s $170 million, $180 million, so you’ll see more spending on natural gas distribution in our, what we call our lifesaver chart, where we have the colors in the bars, you’ll see 2015 being an outsized year for natural gas distribution spending. But over the period of time, you’re going to see about two thirds of the capital spend be on upgrading our distribution networks, particularly electric.
Gale Klappa: The simplest way to think about it is a slightly rising slope on a slightly rising stream of income from the power the future units. There are two reasons. One, there is some maintenance capital that we normally need to spend, you anybody needs to spend on power plants. So there will be small amounts of additional capital is the maintenance capital is spent. Then we’re probably looking on a close to $90 million or so for the two projects that we are seeking Commission approval for, related to the additional cold storage capability and the plant modifications for fuel blending, which we covered in the script, so that would add to earnings. And then just in general, as we amortize the debt and the revenue stream stays the same, you would expect slightly higher annual earnings as you amortize and pay down the debt. So I would look at it as a gently rising stream.
Gale Klappa: You are asking a very good question, our view after reading the order and having some discussions, our view is that this docket is all about a much narrower policy issue related to these systems support resource payments. We don’t think it has anything to do with a broader docket. There are a number of units as you know in Michigan now, not just ours, not just the Presque Isle plant, but there are a number of units getting these systems support resource payments either because the owner had planned to suspend or retire the units. So our view is while I understand your confusion, our view is this really a much narrower docket associated with where are the state authorities, where are the federal authorities as it relates to these units that either could get or are receiving SSR payments. I hope that helps.
Gale Klappa: There may be one other reason to that. In terms of the magnitude of the SSR payments, Presque Isle is clearly, the units that are getting the biggest payments by far, so that may have been part of their thinking. I’m speculating on that, because we really don’t know, want to know more, until we get further into it.
Gale Klappa: We’re still looking longer term and a lot of the estimates we provided you longer term for capex et cetera are assuming about 0.5% electric sales growth annually.
Gale Klappa: Last year, good question again Dan, Dan you’re on your game today. Last year was the first year, 2014 was the first year where all of our employees were receiving medical tariffs on high deductible plans. And we think that did have a positive impact. Also, just our medical experience, last year was better than normal. So it will be interesting to see how 2015 plays out, because we did have a very positive year in terms of medical benefit costs. And again, we are not sure how much of that relates to the fact that every employee is on a high deductible plan and how much of it was just a very good healthcare experience year. We have a lot of initiatives underway in the company on understanding exactly where you are individually with your health, we are really promoting wellness and it was good to see the results of 2014.
Gale Klappa: No, well, actually we don’t think there is any significant impact at all in that, when we first applied in the State of Illinois for approval, as you know there is a very large professional staff operating for the Illinois Commerce Commission, they have been down this road before in terms of two natural gas distribution companies being acquired in the last six years in Illinois. The staff proposed to an ALJ, by hearing schedule and a schedule for a Commission decision, and really we’ve seen all the parties stick to the schedule. So far it’s been a process that’s unfolded very smoothly and very much to our expectations in terms of timing. And there is no indication at all that the July 6 date is anything different.
Gale Klappa: Well, ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference call for today. We really appreciate your participation. If you have any other questions, our famous Colleen Henderson will be available in the Investor Relations office at 414-221-2592. Thanks much everybody, take care.
Patrick Keyes: Julien, this is Pat, let me just add a couple of things. I think if you look at 2014 versus 2013, I think I said about $50 million round number in additional capital spend and about half of that we had projected because, as Gale mentioned, that’s largely driven by delivery of the future. If you look at the last number we had in our investor presentation that we ended up the year about $25 million ahead of that and that increment is largely driven by gas lateral expansions as people got off for propane, we grew our gas distribution spending to help facilitate those customers conversion.
Patrick Keyes: Jonathan, as you know, there is a possibility that the ROEs are going to be adjusted for the ATC and others across the country for that matter. So it’s part of our – we have taken – we reserved against that possibility.
Patrick Keyes: I think we’ve talked about in the past, if you kind of use the guidelines of the Massachusetts ruling, 10.57 to 11.74 ROE, that’s somewhere between $0.01 and $4.5. We kind of took a look at that and use that as our guidance. We were probably closer to the $0.01 side of it, but that was kind of a yardstick, if you will, we used to kind of beside where we are going to, how appropriate was to reserve.
Patrick Keyes: Using the New England number as a guidepost, we based our analysis on a different way, I guess, is the simplest way to say it. The other way to look at it, I’ll add on Gale’s 2015 point, I mean we obviously got a range of guidance and part of the driver of that range of guidance is where will that return fall in.
Patrick Keyes: Michael, for us, that’s about $115 million this upcoming year. So as Gale mentioned, because that was not part of the rate case and we’re not going in for the rate case, there isn’t any impact on it for this year that helps where you’re heading on the rate base, I should be more clear.
Patrick Keyes: That’s correct, probably 2017. And remember, having said that, Gale also mentioned that our revised capital is up about $100 million, so net-net, it’s probably in the same place.
Patrick Keyes: Michael, if you allow me to expand on the lifesaver theme and add some color to Gale’s comments, at the utilities now, it’s only there, that’s the number I got in front of me, was about $700 million in 2014, and then will be around $770 million in 2015 with the largest part of the delta being the west central, and then we kind of flatten out to some $600 million, $650 million two years after that in 2016, 2017, if that helps.
