Gale E. Klappa: Pat, thank you very much. Overall, we're suddenly on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our shareholders.
Gale E. Klappa: I am really glad you asked, Julien. Let me first say that for calendar year 2015, the Illinois utilities, Peoples Gas and North Shore, earned their allowed rate of return, which is 9.05% (26.54) and that's exactly what's embedded in our forecast for 2016 earnings guidance. I know you had...
Gale E. Klappa: Well, let me try to frame that for you, and if any of our guys want to add additional detail, feel free to do so. But for 2016, since there will be no – basically, there will be no base rate changes for calendar 2016 across our major utilities. We really don't see any immediate type of a hit in terms of bonus depreciation. However, in terms of the cash that we'll be receiving, it has allowed us to pull forward several important infrastructure projects. Really it's not large projects, but it's things like replacement of additional underground lines, substation transformer replacements, et cetera. Virtually all of that is in Wisconsin and that's worth about an additional $100 million that we've identified so far for 2016 just as an example. So I think most of the projects that we are looking at that will be able to be funded with the bonus depreciation cash are exactly those types of projects; on our gas delivery networks and on our electric delivery networks, all related to reliability, all related to upgrading, modernizing and hardening for safety purposes.
Gale E. Klappa: And to Allen's point, Julien, if we're facing, as a state, in Wisconsin a 41% reduction in CO2 emissions, we're going to need every cost-effective tool we have.
Gale E. Klappa: And to Allen's point, Jim, it's not just Chicago. We have a significant amount of natural gas delivery network investment in Wisconsin as well. And for that matter, expansions in Minnesota, in Rochester, growth in Michigan with the natural gas utility there. So I think we said earlier that about $800 million a year on average of our $1.5 billion of capital investment will be devoted toward the natural gas delivery business.
Gale E. Klappa: And Jim, an additional comment on that. Remember, we do not have any need to issue additional equity. So basically, we might be talking about a slight increase in commercial paper or one of these bond offerings that Pat laid out. But we're within the – I mean, we're basically within the confines of not needing additional equity and maintaining the current type of debt to capital that we've been historically maintaining.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, I think certainly because we now have the availability of additional cash through the federal government's extension of bonus depreciation, I mean, yes, we are looking at for the benefit of customers to be able to invest in more modernization than what you saw in our slide deck in terms of the 10-year capital plan. Because as you'll recall, we did not take for granted that there would be an extension of bonus depreciation when we laid out the new 10-year capital plan at the EEI Conference in November. So yes, I think you could expect us to have additional capital investment, again, along the lines of additional upgrading of our natural gas and electricity delivery networks, particularly in Wisconsin. But in light of the fact that this is additional cash coming in, it really would not have any material effect on our rate review.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, we don't have $400 million to $500 million a year of additional projects, but I would say to you that looking at our legitimate backlog of investment needs, what we can pull forward is very significant. And then in the back half of that period, remember the period is really 2015 through 2019, in the back half of that period, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, if the proposed time table for the clean power plant compliance stays on track, we may be looking at the need for investment in our fleet either additional renewables, additional natural gas-fired generation. So those could be some fairly large projects in the back half of this period that we're talking about, but certainly in the front half of the period, 2016, 2017-ish. We really are looking at smaller discrete projects, such as additional ability to replace aging underground lines, replace and upgrade substation transformers, more distribution automation, those types of projects. They really don't meet the threshold of a specific approval from any of the regulators.
Gale E. Klappa: Yeah. Very good question, Michael. And the honest answer to you is, we're going to continue to iterate as we move along. I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we have additional distribution network projects that we can use the additional cash to very beneficial use for customers. As Allen mentioned, there are maybe some additional transmission investments in the back half of that five-year period. There may be a generation investment because of Clean Power Plan compliance. But the other option we have is further deleveraging of the holding company. There will be some deleveraging in the plan to begin with. It just will happen, given our – the way we've laid out our forecast. But we also have the opportunity to deleverage. So what we are going to do as we continue to move forward through this period here is we're going to say, okay, what is the best use of the cash for our customers and shareholders, and put that cash to the best use we can. And what we were trying to do for you is lay out the series of options that we have that will balance going forward. So I can't give you a precise answer at this point in time other than additional beyond the plan deleveraging of the holding company is an option.
Gale E. Klappa: I'm sorry. The acquisition debt, the first tranche expires at the end of three years, so 2018. So, it was three, five and 10 years, so 2018, 2020 and 2025.
Gale E. Klappa: Yeah. Well, we're assuming that – again, we want to see what kind of flexibility we have, but we'll either retire it or refinance it.
Gale E. Klappa: A very good question, Dan. And let me try to cover the waterfront for you. Pat and Scott should add any color they would like to add. But first of all, let me tackle the frac sand. In essence, given the frac sand operations, and there are about 110 of them in the western part of the State of Wisconsin. We really don't serve electricity to any of the major ones in the western part of the state. It's really – that's really natural gas demand for us. And because we've just completed in November the largest expansion of our natural gas distribution network in Wisconsin gas history, we haven't up till now served a significant amount of the frac sand demand for natural gas. So while the frac sand industry has declined along with the big drop in oil prices, we still have an opportunity to grow over the longer term and the medium term in terms of our natural gas distribution service to that industry in the western part of the state. So long story short, because we haven't had a lot of the service in place or a lot of the capability in place up until now, we've not really been hurt to any significant degree by the decline in the frac sand business in light of the oil crash, if I'm making any sense.
Gale E. Klappa: Yeah, it's a very good point. And, for example, Scott mentioned Amazon, well, they just built a 1 million square foot distribution center that's now operational. And now that they've got it operational, I believe they've announced they're adding another 250,000 square feet right immediately adjacent to the 1 million square feet that they just built. Uline, which is a major company that has moved to Wisconsin in the last seven or eight years, is just growing by leaps and bounds, and they're adding distribution capacity. So we're seeing, as Scott said, not only some strength in some of the traditional clusters in Wisconsin, but we're also seeing some large commercial growth that is now in place and beginning to operate.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, actually, no recommendations yet. But I've been very encouraged by the entire approach that the Illinois Commerce Commission has decided to take in terms of taking, as we suggested, a fresh look at the entire program. The workshops are very granular and technical in nature. So for example, at one of the workshops, folks from the federal pipeline safety administration have been invited to come in and discuss the 2011 call to action from the federal government to replace some of these aging cast iron and bare steel pipes. So this is – the way that workshops have gone so far, and you're right, two of the six have been completed, and the subject matter for the remaining four are public and the agendas are public. It's really almost stepping back and let's taking – take a complete reexamination for the need, the schedule and the shorter and long term cost estimates. And then importantly, and one of the workshops will be dedicated to this, cooperation and collaboration with the City of Chicago. And I can't tell you how important that is. I mean, while we are in the process of trying to replace 2,000 miles of aging underground pipes in Chicago, the City of Chicago is also trying to replace a significant number of aging water mains. So cooperation in terms of trying to get that work done in a scheduled collaborative basis is a real issue that needs – we need to continue to work on this. I think we've made real progress with the City of Chicago in terms of sharing information and planning for construction. But one of those workshops is really going to be dedicated to, okay, how can the two entities that are ripping up streets in Chicago best work together. So very technical in nature, but really going through – again, it's almost a complete new primer on the need for the program and how the program should be structured and scheduled going forward.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, the way I would think about it is, certainly the Illinois Commerce Commission is interested in the timetable and the cost. And originally, the commission set a deadline of 2030 to complete that program. I think we all want to talk about is that still a realistic deadline for completing the program; how much can efficiently and effectively be spent in any given year, and how much risk would be taken if you extended the program. But right now, while all of that is still being processed and all of that's still being discussed, and I believe the Commission will vote on a new plan in June, the best advice I could give you is to stick with the $250 million to $280 million a year investment plan. That's what we're finding right now. It's probably the sweet spot in terms of how much can be done efficiently during the construction (53:58) Chicago.
Gale E. Klappa: Yeah, I'd be happy to, Steve. First of all, the six workshops that the Illinois Commerce Commission has scheduled, the invitees are really all of the parties that have been involved in this entire program from day one. So it would be the Citizens Utility Board, it would be the City of Chicago, it would be the State Attorney General's Office. It would be a significant representation from the natural gas division of the Illinois Commerce Commission. In fact, the workshops are being moderated by the head of the natural gas division of the Illinois Commerce Commission. And all of the folks that have been invited to participate are participating. From what we've seen so far in the first two workshops, I would say that there are more informational type questions. I mean, for example, the State Attorney General's Office has asked, "Well, does all the cast iron pipe that's a certain age really need to be replaced?" So they're very technical questions. I mean, this is almost, I think, a terrific opportunity to get everybody on the same basis in terms of information and knowledge about the program. So I'm actually very encouraged by the approach that the Illinois Commerce Commission has taken. I think it will be an opportunity, again, to put everybody on the same basis of information and also really have a very strong dialogue with the natural gas division of how the company and the City of Chicago need to cooperate in the streets. So that's really kind of the color I would give you so far. Again, very encouraged by the participation, by the kind of questions, and by the understanding that's building that with this kind of aging infrastructure, this is something that should not, cannot be ignored. So that would be my thoughts on the workshops. And again, we've filed a three-year plan that put our top priorities in place for the neighborhoods that we thought were most at risk, and we'll see what the Commission decides. But their plan would be to vote on the longer-term future for the advanced main replacement program by June. And again, I would say to you, given everything we've seen around the country, both from a natural gas and water standpoint, it's just not – I don't think anyone thinks it's wise to ignore the urgent need to upgrade that system in Chicago.
Gale E. Klappa: And then going backward, the Attorney General's Office is asking, as they have, about an $8 billion cost estimate for the long-term investment need of the program, and that need or that cost estimate surfaced, as you know, immediately after we acquired the company. And so the Attorney General's Office is wondering, who knew in the prior company, the prior management, about the $8 billion estimate and why was the $8 billion estimate, which was a preliminary estimate, why was that not disclosed prior to the closing of the acquisition? So that docket, if you will, is still open before the Illinois Commerce Commission.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, I think certainly given the experience of 2015 and 2014, and obviously we were projecting at least 0.5% growth in electric demand or electric consumption on the retail side in those prior years, we brought it down a little. There's no question about that.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, I think there may be a couple of things here. And we ask ourselves – we have all kinds of meetings saying, what the hell is going on? But first of all, many companies in our industry were projecting far stronger growth than we have projected, and they haven't seen it develop either. My own view, and this is strictly a personal view and anecdotal, but just based on years of experience, I think there are three things going on. 2014 and 2015 may be a bit of an aberration from a small commercial and residential standpoint. 2014 and 2015, the weather was just mild is probably the best word, mild summers, mild winters, just no abnormally high or abnormally low temperatures, but no persistence of a weather trend. And one of the things that weather normalization techniques does not pick up is the lack of, say, 15 days of 90-degree weather. If you have two days of 90-degree weather, you can do the weather normalization. But I don't think it picks up the fact that you didn't have any persistent weather one way or another and persistent weather drives consumption and drives usage. So, I think one thing that has happened is we haven't seen a really good long heat wave and even though last winter was a little bit colder than normal, it was spotty. It wasn't 15 days in a row of 10 degrees. So, in my mind, the jury is still out related to longer-term growth. If we get back to a year in which we have some consistent and persistent weather patterns. That's number one. But number two, I don't think there's any question that we're seeing more residential conservation in the last couple of years. I don't think there's any question about that. And when you think about why that may be, I mean, it really comes down to technology. You've heard me say before that if you replace a big screen television that you may be bought seven or eight years ago with a brand new one, you're probably going to use 60% to 80% less electricity. Your iPad requires less energy to charge than your computer screen standalone. You buy a new washer and dryer. They're far more energy efficient, same thing with refrigerators. You have the Nest thermostats. There's just a lot more technology available to customers. So essentially, what we're kind of seeing here is our customer growth, which continues to be good, being offset by conservation.
Gale E. Klappa: Sure. Well, first of all, let me just reiterate that we have air monitors that continually give us data on emissions from the Oak Creek plant, and we are well within compliance with all the air standards, number one. Number two, there are a number of homes in the general vicinity of the Oak Creek plant where individuals have indicated they are having health problems, and they believe it's because of the infiltration of coal dust in their homes. So, what we've agreed to do and what we're in the process right now is we have agreed with those homeowners on a testing protocol, and we are having a firm (1:03:55) go into each one of these homes and through samples collected them from various places in the homes of these individuals. And then we're having a lab analyze the dust samples and indicate to all of the homeowners – we're sending them over, explaining what is in their dust samples. Right now, the scene would indicate that there are health problems, at least from our expert standpoint, nothing that would indicate that there are health problems from any prevalence of dust.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, that's one good example or if it wasn't retired and again, we're assessing what the best options are here. If it wasn't retired, it flips to a very low floating interest rate, right.
Gale E. Klappa: I'll give a shot at that. I think the real answer to your question is we wanted to show the range of options that we have for beneficial use of the cash that's coming from bonus depreciation. And clearly, our preferred option is to benefit customers from that cash with projects that really are useful and needed for reliability. So that's option one, two, three, four, and five. And, as Allen mentioned, there may be – in the latter part of that five-year period for bonus depreciation, there may be the emergence of some transmission projects or generation projects for compliance with the Clean Power Plan. So all of those things are kind of preferred options. But if none of those things or if not all of them came to pass, we also have an option to further deleverage beyond the plan. So, it really wasn't – we didn't mean to give you the idea that this was going to be an immediate type of a preferred priority. It is something we have in the toolbox if needed.
Gale E. Klappa: That's how I would look at it. It is an option, and we'll iterate as we go along for the best benefit of customers and shareholders.
Gale E. Klappa: We'll get the precise number for you and we'll get the precise number and we'll ask Colleen or Beth to give you a callback. But it was not a material impact on earnings in Q4.
Gale E. Klappa: Okay. I'm going to look toward Pat and Scott. I've got a general idea, but they've got more specific bucket delineation than I have right in front of me.
Gale E. Klappa: All right. Well, ladies and gentlemen, I think that concludes our conference call for today. And if you have any further questions, the famous Colleen Henderson will be available in our Investor Relations office, 414-221-2592. Thanks again, everybody. So long.
Allen L. Leverett: Yeah. So, of course, the Manitoba Hydro, we wouldn't actually be an investor, we will be an offtaker of the power. So in terms of a direct investment, we wouldn't have any direct investment in the hydro units themselves. But as Gale mentioned, if you're going to have deliverability and actually be able to affect the generation dispatch in Wisconsin, you'd have to be able to deliver it, so you'd need the electric transmission. But at this point, we certainly don't have a number on what that investment might look like.
Allen L. Leverett: Yeah. I mean, I think it's something – another item in the toolbox that would help us potentially with compliance.
Allen L. Leverett: That's such a long question; I'm going to give you a very short answer. And it's probably easier for me to talk about what won't change, Jim.
Allen L. Leverett: And we talked about a lot of things that will, and Mexican food – no Mexican food at the staff meetings. But what won't change is really a focus on execution and delivering results. So that's a short answer to your very long conceptual question.
Allen L. Leverett: Yeah. I guess the only thing I would add, Jim, to Gale's comment, quite a bit of the investment we're looking at is in the natural gas side of the business. So there is a clear need from an infrastructure standpoint. So I think that's something else that you should keep in mind when you look at the longer-term numbers.
Allen L. Leverett: Yeah. So I think when Gale talked about, in the prepared remarks, the $1 billion worth of cash from the tax savings, that included in effect our ownership share of ATC. So it's certainly not in addition to that. It's already included in that estimate. As you know, Michael, the transmission projects are pretty long lead time, so I can't see anything at all at or (40:37) ATC's capital budget of 2016 and 2017. But the team at ATC is looking at things that can be pulled into the back half of the period that Gale mentioned, say, in 2018 and 2019, which would allow us or ATC to pull some projects up that are beneficial to customers.
Allen L. Leverett: Dan, now we know there's going to be a second change. No more Mexican food and no kicking Jenkins around.
Allen L. Leverett: 17%, somewhere in that zip code. That Scott's trustee calculator back of the envelope. We can get you something a little more crisp, but that's directionally correct.
James Patrick Keyes: Yeah. And them Jim, in 2016, this is actually a pretty light year for us. We only project right now to have two bond offerings, one in Wisconsin Gas probably in the first half of the year, and then at PGL in the second half of the year. So this is – certainly relative to last year, not a lot going on.
James Patrick Keyes: I don't have that number at my fingertips, but part of what Gale said is we're evaluating, and my comments as well, as we evaluate the capital plan, even if I had that number, that would be a little bit in flux as we evaluate how to deploy that bonus depreciation cash we've received. So we can follow up when we kind of frame that up in a little more detail, if you'd like, but I'd rather not wallow around in it, if that's all right.
James Patrick Keyes: Well, let's separate, I think it's important to kind of separate out the debt. There's the acquisition debt, which is the 2.21% as Gale just pointed out, and then there's all the other debt at the holding company.
James Patrick Keyes: Example of which is the hybrid security that flips the floating at the end of this year. That's I believe paying 6.11% right now. And there's also some longer-term debt instruments at the holding company. Think of the hybrids and those longer-term bonds is what we're targeting for takeout, not the 2.21% debt.
James Patrick Keyes: Yeah. So by segment or by state, if you look at Wisconsin, maybe 16%; 11% Illinois; 2% from our MERC and MGU, so our Michigan and Minnesota Gas Utilities; maybe 10% from ATC. What does that give me, Power the Future? And Power the Future is...
James Patrick Keyes: 6% to 8% next year, then we can kind of step through that as – when we have the new investor materials, we could probably walk through where each segment is moving relative and how that could contributes to the 6% to 8%.
Michael Lapides: And are there enough projects that you don't need to – that don't have lengthy approval processes where you could make a $400 million to $500 million a year increase in your capital budget for like the 2017-2018 timeframe? And that just seems like a very significant increase. If you're saying that bonus D&A is worth about $1 billion to you, that would be a pretty significant increase to the capital budget. I'm just trying to think about the ability to actually execute that type of CapEx increase.
Michael Lapides: Okay. And this one maybe for Allen. Just trying to think about ATC and the impact bonus depreciation would have on ATC's earnings power and therefore its earnings contribution up to WEC.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Last one, and somebody asked a little bit of this, but I'm just curious. You issued a lot of very low cost debt at the holding company to pay for Integrys – to pay for part of the equity component of Integrys. Just curious about how you are thinking about over the next two to three, three to four years, how much of that holding company debt you would like to term out versus how much of that holding company debt you would like to simply take out and reduce the leverage at the holding company level.
Daniel F. Jenkins: And so, related to that, I was kind of curious where you see that coming from, given how 2015 performed, that seems like kind of a pickup. But I wondered if you could give us more color on that. And somewhat related to that, I was wondering if you are seeing any impact in the sand customers related to what's going on with the energy.
Daniel F. Jenkins: Okay. Then the second thing I was curious about, you mentioned that your kind of two workshops in of the six workshops around the main replacement plan at Peoples Gas, I was wondering if you could give a little color on kind of what the discussion's been there in terms of the Commission concerns or Commission directives or if they've had any recommendations.
Daniel F. Jenkins: Okay. And then just wanted to say, given your successful completion of Power the Future and Integrys, you've obviously made a large impact on the company and left a tough legacy for Allen to follow. So, good luck.
