Allen L. Leverett: I'd be happy to, Greg. I think some review is good. And so the bonus depreciation extension, which was really a reach-back to 2015 as well as an extension out to, I guess, 2019, we think results in about $1 billion worth of cash tax benefits. So back on the February and the May calls we gave an update to everybody on where we stood versus offsetting that $1 billion. So as we got to the end of the May call, we had identified $500 million and those were primarily this year and next. So about $500 million between 2016 and 2017. And so now what we've identified is another $100 million in addition to that $500 million. So the $100 million is in the years 2019 and 2020. It's about $50 million a year, Greg. And what this relates to is really the continuation of a four-year program that they've had at Wisconsin Public Service. The first phase involved distribution automation as well as undergrounding of electric distribution. The second phase will be strictly devoted, we expect to the undergrounding of electric distribution. So about $50 million in 2019, $50 million in 2020, and we also believe out in 2021 and 2022, there is yet another $50 million a year to do in those two years. And this program, it's been very, very popular with customers and it was interesting, this summer, we've had quite a bit of storm activity in the Wisconsin Public Service territory, and for those that had their service, had these distribution lines undergrounded, they saw a much less in terms of outage times. So it's been a very popular program. I hope that helps, Greg.
Allen L. Leverett: Well, it's really more of the former, Greg. So we'll keep reviewing the numbers, reviewing the programs, but what we're trying to do is take a very deliberate approach, because I think the terminology that you used earlier is important. Each of these have to be customer-friendly projects. So there has to be a reliability benefit, a cost benefit, a safety benefit, or environmental performance. It's really got to be something that's beneficial to our business and beneficial to our customers. So often that takes a little time to identify those kinds of projects.
Allen L. Leverett: Yes. And I think certainly with Clean Power Plan, and this is, I'm speculating. I don't know exactly when the first year of compliance would be with Clean Power Plan, but it's likely not to be until 2024 or after. So I would not expect, Greg. Certainly if you look into the capital forecast going out to 2020, which is what we have on the table today, I don't really see any benefit at all, at least in this forecast period, meaning from this year to 2020, from the impacts of Clean Power Plan. But hypothetically if you had a 2024 compliance date, ultimately with Clean Power Plan, perhaps you could see some impacts out in that 2021, 2022, 2023 time period.
Allen L. Leverett: Yes. And Scott, you may want to talk a little bit about July and what we've seen in July in terms of weather.
Allen L. Leverett: Yes. Well, my expectation would be, if we follow past practice on timing, typically if you're going to do a filing, so let's say, for example, if we're going to do a filing in 2017 for rates that we request to be in effect in 2018, typically in the March-April timeframe you really need to make that filing. So if we follow past practice with timing, my expectation would be that soon after the New Year, January, February, you'd need to have some conversations with the staff about where we would propose to head. So that's how I would see the timing.
Allen L. Leverett: Yes. And I would say, maybe, to give you some additional color. The $35 million, part of that, to the extent that you capitalize labor expense and there is a certain amount of labor that gets capitalized when people do work on capital projects, now there'll be some amount of this $35 million that would effectively get capitalized as a part of that. My guess would be, right now, perhaps that $6 million or $7 million out of the $35 million, so not all of it would hit the income statement. But, yes, we'll have to and we expect to offset this as a part of our plan.
Allen L. Leverett: Yes, let me go through it in three pieces, because of course there are two investigations, if you will. So, there is the first period that goes from, I think, November 2013, help me Scott...
Allen L. Leverett: ...2016. So in that first period, Jonathan, we're reserving I believe effectively the recommendation from the ALJ including the 50 basis points was 10.82%. So we're reserving at that level for that first period. For the second period, we're reserving at 10.2%, and then it's sort of an educated guess, but my view right now would be the that 10.2% is a pretty good assumption going forward and 10.2% is what we will assume when we build up our plan, when we finish our plan for 2017. I'm sorry, that's kind of a long answer, but there are all these players for these investigations.
Allen L. Leverett: Yeah, and maybe let me sort of give this, maybe in parts. And let me first maybe just give a little more color about that staff report, Steve, that that was issued at the end of May. So really what that report did, effectively the staff did not make any recommendations about the program effectively. What they did is, that the staff summarized all of kind of the key input from the stakeholders in that workshop process that they had earlier this year. Then what the staff just essentially said is, well, we believe you should have a docket to address the program. And we think you should have reporting mechanisms about the program in the interim before you make a decision and in the long-term once the decision is made. So really it's just kind of summary of what all the stakeholders said, and then in terms of what the commission would decide, at a high level what they said they want to do was cover the cost, scope and schedule for the near-term and the long-term. So, they still seemed to be of a very strong view that the program needs to continue. They just want to look again at the scope and the schedule, and in the interim, they fully understand that we're going to continue with that three-year program that I alluded to before, hopefully that's helpful, Steve.
Allen L. Leverett: Yeah. And I guess what I was really alluding to in the primary one or one of the ones is really escrow accounting, because sort of like when we talk about ROE investigations, these SSR agreements they were actually multiple agreements and they covered multiple periods. I think they go back as far as February of 2014.
Allen L. Leverett: And there were actually two agreements over that period and some of these periods, Julien, were covered by escrow accounting, so you were actually required by the regulators in Wisconsin to escrow both revenues as well as costs, so both revenues you received under the contract as well as the costs that might be allocated back to our utility through MISO. So what I was really referring to primarily is that those escrow mechanisms that might cover one or both of the periods.
Allen L. Leverett: Right. And I think, well, first off on the storage, we are having conversations with two parties who are owners of storage and we'll see what we can work out with one of those, but we are having active conversations with two parties so let me just sort of put a line under that. And then looking forward, I guess our view would be on midstream, at least our view is that we would only be interested in these other natural gas assets and I'll just call them, I don't know whether to call them midstream or what to call them, Julien, but it's certainly upstream of the local gas distribution companies. Our only interest at this point would be in gas storage and it would be gas storage that we could in effect directly integrate with our local distribution company and place in rate base. So at this point, that's as far upstream as we're thinking, it's something that would be very much of another regulated asset play.
Allen L. Leverett: Yeah. Initially as you recall on the first in April, it actually was a negative when we had the conference call, so we had earnings we thought were actually going to be down a little bit because of our April weather, and then as we covered then in the last part of the quarter here, so that helped us, so we had projected in our guidance a decline because of weather and then it turned round a little bit in the last part of the quarter here. And plus, we do have pretty good cost control and we saw some of our NIM decline a little bit.
Allen L. Leverett: The automated meters, they're probably on the range of $30 million to $40 million I would say, at each of the companies. The gas storage, that's completely dependent, Brian on how many Bcf you could buy at what price. So, I'd hesitate to put a number yet on the gas storage, but as I mentioned we are having discussions.
Allen L. Leverett: But at this point, Michael, I would say that we still would have enough degrees of freedom that – so we could move to help offset this.
Allen L. Leverett: No, there's a lot of variables between the first quarter and second quarter. For example, the riders we have in Illinois, the riders from Illinois, it's about $10 million more expense in the first quarter than in the second quarter. So, there's some timing of those type of non-controllable O&M that I would not say that's a constant run rate that's going to come out quarter-over-quarter.
Allen L. Leverett: No, the guidance assumes normal weather, but I'm committed to meeting that range regardless of what happens with weather in the fourth quarter, Michael.
Allen L. Leverett: Well, that concludes our conference call. Thank you for participating. If you have any more questions, contact Beth Straka or Colleen Henderson. Thank you very much.
Scott J. Lauber: Yes. Yes. So it does include the month of July weather. Now, what we saw in July was it started out actually cooler than normal the first couple days and it didn't catch up to about normal degree day until about the July 17. So we really just had some warm weather the last week, week-and-a-half of July here. So we factored that in. Maybe it's $0.015 to $0.02, but that's factored into our guidance.
Scott J. Lauber: Yeah. The weather impact compared to normal, was about I think – all right, let me just pull our numbers up here. I think it was really only about $0.01.
Scott J. Lauber: Yeah, and remember what we added was really in 2015 and 2016 so maybe some of those programs that we already have, some of that can continue into 2017 through 2018 and 2019 timeframe, but we're still evaluating those, what we have in that 2016, 2017 range.
Scott J. Lauber: Yeah. No, that's exactly the case. We'll have to continue at our cost control and manage every dollar like we have in the past. We'll also look at what we do on our financing cost, and we've put in there, maybe there is some investments we need to do in the pension plan also. So, we're evaluating a lot of different items items.
Scott J. Lauber: Yeah, sure. When you look at the weather, specifically in the fourth quarter, and look at scenario now with the larger gas footprint, there is with a warmer fourth quarter potential of $0.08 to $0.09 hit in the fourth quarter related to weather. So we're just being very – making sure we can measure and manage into that fourth quarter.
