Gale Klappa: Colleen, thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. Happy Groundhog Day. I can tell you that the tundra is not frozen. But we appreciate you joining us for our review today of the company’s 2011 yearend results. Let me begin, as always, by introducing the members of the Wisconsin Energy management team, who are here with me today. We have Allen Leverett, President and CEO of We Generation; Rick Kuester, our Chief Financial Officer; Pat Keyes, is serving as our Treasurer; Steve Dickson, Controller; and of course, Jim Fleming, our General Counsel. On a personal note, this is the last time that Jim will be officially sitting in on our conference calls. After a long and productive career, Jim has decided to retire. He’s done a truly outstanding job as our General Counsel over the past six years and we’ll miss him but we understand that his lake house and his classic Corvette are calling. Jim, our entire team wishes you and Kay in Godspeed as you open a new chapter of your life.
Gale Klappa: Rick, thank you very much. Overall, we’re on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.
Gale Klappa: Well the state political situation. It does certainly appear that we are headed for a recall election. Right now the Government Accountability Board of the state is parsing through approximately 1 million signatures to determine how many of those signatures are valid signatures petitioning a recall. That is going to take some time. And in fact the Government Accountability Board has asked for more time and the court has provided them more time. So the best guess estimate now is that we would have a recall election sometime between April and June of this year. In the meantime as you can about imagine the airwaves are full of political commercials on both sides. We don’t expect any significant legislation and certainly nothing affecting energy policy to be dealt with or debated over the course of the next few months. And if indeed there is going to be a piece of legislation that would authorize the sale of some of the state-owned power plants that would not occur certainly until the fall.
Gale Klappa: Two answers to that because the second answer is very important to make sure you can follow our financials as we go through the year. First answer is that on an operating basis, we’re projecting our O&M to be basically flat. However, you will see a reduction when we report earnings in the first quarter and subsequent quarters. You’ll actually see a reduction in O&M because of the amortization holiday in the rate case.
Gale Klappa: Well it’s a good question and I appreciate the clarification. First of all, for 20 rates that would going to affect in 2013, if you recall we basically have deferred a rate case for a year and I mentioned our customers will see no increase either in fuel costs or in base electric rates during 2012. But that deferral for a year means that we have put off a rate increase request that is largely driven by capital we’ve already spent on important projects that either our coming into the service now or already in service. We have three major projects that will be the drivers of our 2012 rate request for 2013 and that’s the quality control, the $900 million that we’re spending on the air quality control upgrade of the older Oak Creek units, the Glacier Hills Wind Park and then the ongoing construction costs at the Rothschild Biomass Plant that would come into service in late 2013. So, those three factors, those major construction projects all approved by the Commission will be big drivers for our 2012 rate filing for 2013 rates. And that will be obviously a sizeable rate increase with the filing that we’ll make this spring. Beyond that, I would think we would be looking at 3% to 4%, 3% to 5% something in that range. But we would hope 3% or 4% base rate increase is absent fuel going forward once we get this rate increase behind us.
Gale Klappa: No. We’re finalizing the details of that case now and it would probably be in the neighborhood of 6%to 7%.
Gale Klappa: But okay, if we had a traditional case, it would be that amount. But we will put this off for a year.
Gale Klappa: I don’t see it being a widespread situation at all. One is a – one of the organizations that is moving a bit towards self-generation is a sewage – Metropolitan Sewerage District and the other is a paper mill.
Gale Klappa: Well, I’ll take your congratulations and I appreciate that. Well, one of the things – I mean obviously we had continued effective cost control across the company. Weather did hurt us in the fourth quarter by about $0.04 of share, but the big drivers for the fourth quarter were really the equity AFUDC that we continue to accrue related to the major projects. The fact that we had full quarter of Oak Creek II where we did not, I mean, Oak Creek II was not in service during fourth quarter of 2010. And then weather was a negative factor.
Gale Klappa: Yeah, that’s correct. Yes, we knew about the AFUDC in Oak Creek and Glacier Hills. And as we say it, we had very effective cost controls across the company.
Gale Klappa: It’s very hard to tell. We don’t have enough good data in my mind to be able to say concretely what really is driving the residential class. I have a theory that could be wrong, and that is the limitations of weather normalization techniques. And we had a very, very unusually warm summer in 2010. We had another warm but not as warm summer in 2011, both summers above normal. So the numbers we’re reporting to you in essence are weather-normalized data. I still have some concern about the limitations, just of the weather-normalization techniques and the impact that that’s having on our reported data. If we have normal summer this year, I know it’s hard as all it gets out. But if we have a normal summer this year, I think we’ll be able to tell much better what’s going on. There is no question and I’ve mentioned this to you before, there’s no question that in shoulder months when it is easy to conserve, we are definitely seeing more conservation. We are not seeing more conservation when it’s 95 degrees on the lake front or when it’s 20 degrees below.
Gale Klappa: That is my theory and we’ll have to wait for more data to prove whether I’m right or wrong. Now for what it’s worth, another reason why I have some confidence in that theory is that we are seeing better than expected growth in small commercial.
Gale Klappa: And Jay just – Rick is absolutely right. Just to add on the that. You know our whole theory and practice here is invest in solid utility projects that are needed for the region, maintain our credit metrics which means we continue de-lever a bit. And then if there’s extra cash, use that cash in the way that best benefits shareholders from an after-tax return standpoint. So that’s kind of our – I mean that’s our whole approach to the next several years.
Gale Klappa: Well, given today’s market, if the market today were the same when we faced the decision in 2015 or 2016, we would probably buy renewable credits –
Gale Klappa: Okay, Dan. I got to ask you, they were trying to redact some signatures before the petitions went public on the recall. Were they trying to redact your name off there?Daniel Jenkins – State of Wisconsin: No comment.
Gale Klappa: Good afternoon, Dan.Daniel Jenkins – State of Wisconsin: Good afternoon. First of all, I was just wondering if you could clarify again what the 2012 CapEx plan’s going to be.
Gale Klappa: This whole had to do with the Power the Future assets coming into service. Now for 2012 and I may have mentioned this but it’s worth repeating because it can be confusing if you don’t follow this every day. For 2012, on a pure operating basis our OEM is projected roughly flat, however, when you see our financial reports each quarter you’ll actually see a decline in overall OEM because of the rate plan which caused for us to cease amortization over the course of 2012 of 148.1 million of regulatory assets. So everyone should keep that in mind but in terms of just the trend of real OEM from real operations 2012 we expect to be flat.
Gale Klappa: Very good question. And let me break it down for you. Rick and I have got a slide here which really, I think, details it quite well. You are correct. We are virtually complete with our spending on the South Oak Creek air quality control upgrade, and that is a very large project. When you look at our estimated 2011 spending on our rate-based infrastructure, it was about $420 million. For 2012, it’s about a $50 million increase. We’re projecting to spend $473 million on basic infrastructure work at our utilities, replacing aging gas distribution lines, replacing substation transformers, that kind of stuff. So we’re seeing, compared to 2011, about a $50 million increase in infrastructure spend. Then we’re projecting, as we show on the slides here that you can get on our website too, we’re projecting about $160 million of spending on renewable which is largely, Rick, the Rothschild Biomass Plant.
Gale Klappa: And then, we have about another $70 million on top of that of environmental spend, environmental CapEx. So that takes you the number Rick mentioned about $705 million of projected capital spend in 2012 in kind of the categories’ breakdown.
Gale Klappa: We have a capital project that is above $7 million or $8 million of capital spend. We historically, in the way regulation has worked here, we take that project for approval – individual project approval to the commission. And once that project is approved in the 110-year history of regulation in this state, cost recovery for an approved project that you bring in on time and on budget has never been denied.
Gale Klappa: All right. Well, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our conference call for today. We certainly appreciate your taking part. If you have any other questions, don’t hesitate to call Colleen Henderson. Colleen will be available in our Investor Relations office at 414-221-2592. Thanks, everybody. Have a good afternoon.
Stephen Dickson: Yeah. Thanks, Jim. That item is consistent with item that we’ve had in past years. When stock options are exercised, we take the proceeds of the stock options and then go to the open market and buy back stock. So the delta between $100 million and $140 million is cash that we used to buy back our own shares to satisfy stock options and other stock awards.
Stephen Dickson: Yeah. We worked with our actuaries to get the year-end discount rate and it’s just 5.05, so that’s what we have the liabilities valued at. As Gale said, our expected return on assets remains the same at 7.25% and then the actual returns were about 2.5% in 2011.
Stephen Dickson: Sure. I think it’s very – it’s a good question but a very straightforward answer. The additional CapEx spending, and let’s kind of reset that, our 2011 through 2015 plan called for about $3.4 billion of capital spending. Our 2012 through 2016 plan is about $100 million increase at $3.5 billion. The difference between the two rolling five-year plans, Michael, is really replacement of aging infrastructure. I mean we have, as I mentioned in the past, we have aging underground lines, we have aging power poles, we have aging (inaudible) transformers. So we have got – we really need to maintain the reliability that our customers have come to rely on and deserve. We need to spend more capital on replacement of aging electric and gas distribution infrastructure. That’s the big difference.
Stephen Dickson: And we said it’s going to be in the same neighborhood as the -what we’ve thought for last year was in that –
Stephen Dickson: – there’s limited availability on that and the other paper mill is just a biomass project. So I think they’re fairly unique as Gale says.
Stephen Dickson: Yeah, basically, it was close to normal year. The heating degree days for gas were right here, the 20 degree – 20 year average. So gas was basically a push. And it was a hot summer, but it got warm in the fourth quarter. So, on an operating income – or excuse me, margin basis, there was only $6 million. So weather was basically a push this year.
Stephen Dickson: Andy, the reduction in OEM on a year-to-year basis and we talked about this in the first and second quarter. It has to do with the elimination of the intercompany revenues and expenses related to the Power the Future leases. And so the impact because unit two, went into service we eliminated more revenue and that was about $98 million year-to-year difference. So, our consolidated OEM is down $98 million because of the elimination entry, I’d like Gale address the other issue.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: We can – if that’s a pain, we can follow up offline. My other one is CapEx. You’re – it seems a little unusual that your CapEx going up but it’s not – meaning from earlier 2011 guidance ranges.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Got it. Okay. It’s the full amount. Okay. So we should look, think about $148 million year-over-year reduction in O&M? No. No, actually, that’s not true. That’s right. I got it. I’ll follow up. Colleen and I touched on it this morning.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Hey Gale. I want – if you don’t mind come back to the CapEx question and you talked the 2011 to 2015 and then the 2012 to 2016, 3.4 billion and the 3.5 billion. I’m just a little confused only because you spent a lot of money on South Oak Creek in 2011 if I remember correctly. But South Oak Creek CapEx kind of stopped soon. I mean, you’re mostly done with that and have done well with getting that project wrapped up on time on budget. So it seems like if I look at the CapEx, you’re replacing a large chunk of CapEx in 2011 tied to South Oak Creek with a lot of reliability and infrastructure. I mean, that’s not a small number. And I just want to see and check to make sure I’m understanding that correctly not making a mistake in kind of thinking about the timeline for when you spent dollars on South Oak Creek.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Got it. Okay, I’m just – it strikes me your – the way I’m reading it is, come 2013 and 2014, it’s a big jump off in retirement, $400 million a year and reliability spend, kind of core spend because you’re rolling off some of the enviro and some of the renewable spend.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: A couple of questions has been asked and answered, but just wanted to touch basically on the rate base growth and just a question that Michael asked about the weak anemic growth. I mean, how do you guys see customer rates? I know you guys are focused on keeping them as controlled as possible. Going forward, with this CapEx build-out and with this anemic growth kind of a concern that you have to sort of do this CapEx adjustment and there doesn’t seem to be that much growth.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. You guys have a considerable amount of CapEx that you’re going to have to – I mean, in terms of replacing the aging infrastructure.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: And so, I’m wondering – I know that you guys are very proactive in keeping weights as manageable as possible –
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. And just the magnitude of the rate increase that we’re looking at for 2013 potentially or is it too early to say considering that you haven’t – too early to process to –
Frederick Kuester: Yeah. It’s obviously it’s one of the key priorities we got in terms of uses of cash, Jay. What we will look at is the economics of retiring HoldCo debt. We’ve got some 20 33s out there that right would not be economic. We will continue to look at that I would say were probably a couple of used app made big movement right now.
Frederick Kuester: Yeah, we were – in health gas, gas was up slightly but it was offset by electrical sales about $0.03 a share, electrical expense $0.06 per share. Gas was up $0.03 a share.
Frederick Kuester: Yeah, let me rephrase. We did, as I mentioned in the script, we retired $450 million at the HoldCo in April. So there will be effect to that but we won’t be retiring any new debt in 2012. So we’ll have the effective retire net debt back in the last April, Michael.
Frederick Kuester: And Michael, let me go back if I can to maybe help clarify one additional point on the capital spend question you had. With our projection of about $705 million of capital spending in 2012, that’s materially below the actual spend for 2011.
Frederick Kuester: You’re absolutely correct and let me give you the projections. I mentioned $473 million in 2012 on the basic reliability, I mean, the basic core business capital spend. That jumps in our projections to $611 million in 2013 and about $585 million in 2014. So yes, you’re in the right direction with your intuition.
Frederick Kuester: Oh, we – let me put it this way, every project of any kind of magnitude. Any project that’s of – what is our threshold on the electric side guys that we take the commission, $7 million, that was $7 million.
