Gale Klappa: Well, good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today as we review our results for the second quarter of 2023. First, I'd like to introduce the members of our management team who are here with me today. We have Scott Lauber, our President and Chief Executive; Xia Liu, our Chief Financial Officer; and Beth Straka, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. As you saw from our news release this morning, we reported second quarter 2023 earnings of $0.92 a share. After a down first quarter marked by one of the warmest winters on record, we delivered solid results in the second quarter and we're firmly on track for a strong 2023. Today, we're reaffirming our guidance for the year. The range is $4.58 to $4.62 a share. This, of course, assumes normal weather going forward. As always, we're focused on the fundamentals of our business: Financial discipline, operating efficiency and customer satisfaction. During the second quarter, we also continued to move forward on our major initiatives, including the investments outlined in our $20.1 billion ESG progress plan. As we've discussed, the plan is based on projects that are low risk and highly executable. We expect to quadruple the amount of renewable generation for our regulated customers, add highly efficient gas field capacity to ensure reliability and continue to harden our delivery networks. Scott will provide you with more detail on several specific projects in just a moment. As a reminder, we project that our ESG progress plan will drive growth in earnings per share of 6.5% to 7% a year. And as we've discussed, there is no need to issue equity for this $20.1 billion five-year plan. Now over the past few months, many of you have asked about the trajectory of our next five-year plan. Our updated plan will cover the period 2024 through 2028. Of course, if growth in demand for capacity and energy drives our next capital plan significantly higher, then we'll evaluate all our financing options. In addition to incremental debt and refinancing opportunities, our options could include accessing the equity market through our dividend reinvestment plans, employee benefit plans and at-the-market programs. I would stress that at this point, we do not see the need for any block equity offering. Again, as a reminder, any equity need would be driven by growth and would support our long-term growth projections. As you would expect, we're on schedule with the development of our next five-year plan, and as usual, we'll share the details with you in the fall. Now let's take a brief look, we'll switch gears and take a brief look at our regional economy. We're still seeing a very strong labor market in Wisconsin. In June, the state added 7,000 private sector jobs. The unemployment rate came in at 2.5%, well below the national average, and the labor force participation rate rose for the fourth straight month in Wisconsin to 65.3%. Very solid numbers. We're also encouraged by the pipeline of economic activity in our region. Last quarter, you heard that Microsoft plans to make an initial investment of $1 billion to create a new data center campus. This new complex will be built south of Milwaukee, in the Wisconsin Innovation Park where Foxconn is located. Microsoft has purchased 315 acres in Area 3 of the park and is moving full speed ahead. In fact, earthwork at the site began just a few days ago. So along with American Transmission Company, we're working closely, in fact, on a weekly basis with Microsoft to determine the full extent of the energy infrastructure that will be needed to serve this development. We're excited about supporting Microsoft as the company moves forward with a major technology investment, and we'll update you as the planning proceeds. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott for more information on our regulatory developments and on our operations. Scott, all yours.
Gale Klappa: Scott thanks very much. As you may recall, our Board of Directors at its January meeting raised our quarterly cash dividend by 7.2%. We believe this continues to rack our dividend growth in the top decile of our industry. We’re targeting a payout ratio of 65% to 70% of earnings. We’re right in the middle of that range now, so I expect our dividend growth will continue to be in line with the growth in our earnings per share. Next up, Xia will provide you with more detail on our financial results and unveil our third quarter guidance. Xia, all yours.
Gale Klappa: Great, Xia. Thank you. Overall, we’re on track and focused on providing value for our customers and our stockholders. And operator, we’re ready now for the question and answer portion of the call.
Gale Klappa: I was just saying Julien – Julien, I was just saying that I know a great puppy trainer, so let me know.
Gale Klappa: Yes. Well, as we look at our financing package that will be needed to support our new five-year capital plan, I mean, we’ll look at it, it could be part of the mix, but again, I think it really depends upon the circumstances at the time. We haven’t ruled it out. We’ve followed the companies that have used this particular financing and I think you saw one announce today as a matter of fact. So, we haven’t ruled it out. We haven’t ruled it in but it certainly will be part of what we look at going forward.
Gale Klappa: Well, I noticed they’re taking a charge this quarter, so I was a little worried about what you did down there.
Gale Klappa: Well, great question, Shar. And first off, I don’t think really just given the magnitude of the construction that Microsoft seems to be planning, my own belief is we won’t see the Microsoft campus in operation in 2024. I think that’s just too much of a stretch. My guess, although the company is still very much in its – refining its plans my guess is fourth quarter 2025, early 2026 would be my guess for the first element of the plan that Microsoft is putting together to be operational. And then secondly to your question about would the Microsoft investment that we need to make to support their energy needs and reliability, would that investment be incremental to the plan? Absolutely incremental to the plan. There’s no question about that because it was not in our current five-year plan. Although there are many moving pieces at this stage of the game. But I would just say this is a really positive exciting opportunity for a major new high tech investment in our state.
Gale Klappa: No, absolutely. I mean, think about, it’s a great question, Shar, but I would think about it this way. I mean, clearly with the way our customer rates are set demand from Microsoft, I mean essentially, I mean, given the rate charges that Microsoft would receive, they will pay their fair share of whatever additional capacity and energy is needed. So it wouldn’t be a crowd out type of a type of a factor at all, in my opinion.
Gale Klappa: I think it’s both. I mean, certainly if we need to add significant capacity to support Microsoft’s operation here, but there are other things going on. The other economic developments that have occurred, for example, I mean we talk a lot about Haribo, but they are now up and running and they’ve told us they will produce 132 million pounds of gummy bears in the next 12 month period. So there’s a good bit of economic activity going on. So if you think about transmission, and we’re going to start to see in the next five-year plan the impact of tranche one from the MISO planning process, so I think we’re going to see an uptick in transmission investments. I think we’re going to see clearly some additional capacity need. We need to continue to harden our distribution networks. There are a lot of moving pieces and all of them moving in a direction of a stronger capital budget. And as Scott and I have talked about stronger for longer in terms of our continuing growth projections.
Gale Klappa: And Durgesh, just to add on to what Xia is saying, if you recall, there were a number of very significant items in Q4 last year that will not repeat in Q4 this year. So there’s a very major difference as we compare the comps for Q4 of 2022 and what we expect to happen in Q4 of this year.
Gale Klappa: We’ll ask Xia to give you the detail on this, but I would say one very important point to kind of kick off the answer is that our entire industry is really aligned around what we believe is the proper treatment of these ongoing transfers that will happen across the industry, the ongoing sale of production tax credits. And that alignment across the industry has really resulted in I think, Xia, a very thorough and very solid white paper.
Gale Klappa: And a very good description that Xia just made. I will say, she also mentioned and I would just reiterate, for the one item on FFO to debt that might affect our rating at one particular agency, we wouldn't issue equity simply to chase that particular item.
Gale Klappa: Well, that's a great question, and we're looking at all of that. I'll let Scott give you his view on that.
Gale Klappa: Scott has made a really good point that we shouldn't gloss over though, and that is as MISO has looked at its responsibility to ensure reliability, they really are changing their capacity rules that all of us need to abide by. And it will have a – we believe it will have a particular effect on our winter capacity reserves. That's all being factored into our new five-year capital plan.
Gale Klappa: Terrific. Well, that concludes our conference call for today. Thanks so much for being with us. If you have any additional questions, feel free to call Beth Straka. She can be reached most days, no, everyday at (414) 221-4639. Thanks, everybody. Take care.
Xia Liu: Thanks, Gale. Our 2023 second quarter earnings of $0.92 per share increased $0.01 per share compared to the second quarter of 2022. Our earnings package includes a comparison of second quarter results on Page 15. I’ll walk through the significant drivers. Our earnings from utility operations were $0.04 above the second quarter of 2022. First, weather had an estimated $0.05 negative impact quarter-over-quarter. Higher depreciation and amortization expense and interest expense added another $0.09 of negative variance. These negative variances were more than offset in the quarter. Rate base growth contributed $0.11 cents to earnings. This includes the base rate increase for our Wisconsin utility as well as the interim rate increase for Minnesota Energy Resources, both of which were effective January 1, 2023. Additionally, timing of fuel expense improved our earnings by $0.05 and lower day-to-day O&M, taxes and other items resulted in a $0.02 improvement. Before I turn to earnings of the other segment, let me briefly discuss our weather normalized sales for the quarter. You can find this sales information on Page 11 of the earnings package. Retail electric deliveries in Wisconsin, excluding the iron ore mine were down 0.6% on a weather normal basis. This was driven by lower sales volumes to large commercial and industrial customers. Residential usage, again on a weather normal basis was flat quarter-over-quarter, which is in line with our forecast. Also, sales to our small commercial and industrial customers were up 1.4%, which is ahead of forecast. Earnings at our Energy Infrastructure segment improved $0.02 in the second quarter of 2023 compared to the second quarter of 2022. This was largely driven by higher production tax credit as a result of the acquisition of renewable projects. Finally, you’ll see that earnings at our Corporate and Other segments decreased $0.05, primarily driven by an increase in interest expense. This was partially offset by favorable rabbi trust performance and some tax and other items. Remember, rabbi trust performance is largely offset in O&M. Overall, we improved on our second quarter performance by $0.01 per share compared to last year and by $0.08 per share compared to the midpoint of our Q2 guidance. Looking now at the cash flow statement on Page 6 of the earnings package. Net cash provided by operating activities was relatively flat compared to the prior year. And total capital expenditures and asset acquisitions were $2.1 billion during the first half of 2023, an increase of more than $1 billion from the first half of 2022. This was primarily driven by acquisitions of generation projects in our Regulated and Infrastructure segment. Now, let me give you the guidance for the third quarter. We’re expecting a range of $0.88 to $0.90 per share. This accounts for July weather and assumes normal weather for the rest of the quarter. As a reminder, we earned $0.96 per share in the third quarter last year, which included a positive $0.02 from weather and a $0.05 pickup related to the resolution of the MISO ROE complaint. As Gale mentioned earlier, we are reaffirming our 2023 earnings guidance of $4.58 to $4.62 per share, assuming normal weather for the rest of the year. As a reminder, largely due to timing of O&M and fuel expense, we expect earnings in Q4 to be materially better than Q4 of 2022. With that, I’ll turn it back to Gale.
Xia Liu: It was – it’s a little better fuel and quite a bit better O&M. And weather was actually slightly negative compared to normal, but it’s better fuel, better O&M and a couple of other items.
Xia Liu: Yes. We see quite a bit of O&M tailwind coming in, in the fourth quarter, so we’ll expect to see O&M to be much better than Q4 last year. We expect fuel to be better and additional PTCs and other items, but quite a bit of O&M and fuel tailwind in the fourth quarter.
Xia Liu: And remember, we guided 2% to 3% higher on day-to-day O&M this year compared to last year. So you see some quarter-to-quarter variances, but for the year we still expect that to be 2% to 3% higher than last year.
Xia Liu: Yes. We – I developed a very comprehensive white paper. Really outlined the views from FASB from the big four accounting firms, from the – over, like Gale said, the industry. So they shared the white paper with the rating agencies and all that is to say, I think everybody is aligned in terms of we plan to follow GAAP and the transferability will go through income tax provision on income statement, therefore, would be picked up as FFO. So we are looking forward to continuing to work with the rating agencies on this issue. I will say, though, is we would not issue equity just to address that transferability item. So that's something we'll continue to work with rating agencies.
Xia Liu: Yes. Just to put it in perspective, in Q1, we saw a minus 3.9% quarter-over-quarter. Q2, that number became better to minus 3.1%, like you pointed out, Anthony. I think if you look at Q2 by month, June was fairly close to the forecast. If you look at the last four weeks compared to the last 13 weeks or even the prior four weeks, we're seeing lots of green. Actually, everything was picking up. So we are very cautiously optimistic that the large C&I will come back in the second half of the year, so nothing to worry too much about. And I would just say that on residential, it's pretty flat year-over-year, and – but it's fairly better than prior to COVID and that's the sticky point on the residential usage. Small C&I, actually year-to-date, is on par with last year. So those are higher margin segments.
Xia Liu: I think the first and foremost is we're still developing the capital plan. So the numbers are – we're still developing it. But like Gale said in his prepared remarks, if growth, capital growth is significantly higher, we wouldn't mind turning on the employee benefit plans, the dribble plans and rely on maybe ATM, but we don't see any block sales at this point, number one. Number two, we are very confident in our long-term EPS growth forecast. We don't expect any equity sales to dilute the long-term EPS growth. And I'll also say that we're very mindful about the rating agencies and we want to work with them, but the equity would be to support growth.
