Scott Lauber: Thank you, Gale. We continue to see customer growth across our system. At the end of the third quarter, our utilities were serving approximately 11,000 more electric and 32,000 more natural gas customers compared to a year ago. Retail electric and natural gas sales volume are showing on a conservative basis on Page 17 and 18 in the earnings packet. As you recall, we adjusted our forecast at the start of this pandemic. The results in the third quarter were better than our adjusted forecast across all customer classes. For example, residential sales of electricity were up 7.1% from the third quarter of 2019 and on a weather-normal basis were up 4.2%. That’s a 1.6% better than our forecast. Small commercial and industrial electric sales were down 2.5% from the last year’s third quarter. And on a weather-normal basis were down 3.3%. This was six tenths of 1% better than our forecast. Meanwhile, large, commercial and industrial sales, excluding the iron ore mine, were down 5.4% from the third quarter of 2019, on both on actual and weather-normal basis. This reflects a rebound in economic activity in Wisconsin and was 4.3% better than our forecast. Overall, retail deliveries of electricity were down by three tenths of 1% from the third quarter of 2019. And on a weather-normal basis, were down – 1.5%, tracking bull ahead of our forecast. And looking at the sales trend on Page 17 of the package, we continue to see favorable progression towards normal demand in the third quarter. In fact, we’re very pleased with the preliminary sales results we’ve seen for October. Of course, we’re watching economic indicators as always, and we’re prepared to respond if the level of recovery drops back to what we saw earlier this year. I also have a few updates on the wind projects in our infrastructure segment. Construction on the Blooming Grove and Tatanka Ridge projects is on schedule. Blooming Grove should be completed by the end of this year. For Tatanka Ridge, we expect commercial operation in the first quarter of 2021. And turning to another of our projects, construction on the Thunderhead Wind Energy Center in Nebraska is nearly complete. However, as we reported last quarter, there will be a delay in the in-service date. This delay has been caused by a permit issue related to a substation being built by Nebraska Public Power District. We are working with all parties to complete the work and bring Thunderhead to commercial operation in the latter half of 2021. I would point out that we have a number of upsides in the plan. So this delay should not change the trajectory of our earnings growth for 2021. And now I’ll turn things over to Kevin, to give an update on utility operations.
Scott Lauber: Yes, there’ll be more color in the deck that we provide this Friday and for EEI. But as you look at the five-year plan, it’s spread probably over – more over the first four years, it’s probably 2023 and 2022 and 2023 being the larger years on capital spending. But once again, we’re early, we have to go through the regulatory approval, but it will affect the timing of this. But the typical five-year plan that you’ve seen that you’ll see later, the first three, four years or two or three years a much more analyzed a little more detail to it where the four and five years that usually tail off a little bit to get our quite – that’s quite that far in laying out all those projects. So 2023 and 2022 are by the bigger years.
Scott Lauber: That’s correct, Gale. Especially when you look at Wisconsin and the growth we’re talking about on the industrial side and the economic development you’re talking, we’re seeing good natural gas growth and electrical growth. Gas growth, it’s nearly 5% more new customer hookups this year than we had over last year. So good customer growth and had numbers like 3% or 4% on the electric side. So really positive as we’re seeing new connections come on and you’re right going into the winter months, for October our preliminary view looks reasonable and very happy with what we’re seeing.
Kevin Fletcher: Thank you, Scott. I’ll start with the fact that we have maintained our focus on safety and customer service. In fact, our customer satisfaction scores remain at an all-time record high. Meanwhile, we have streamlined our operations and maintenance cost through a number of efficiency measures, and I’m confident that the momentum we’ve seen this year will continue. Now, I’ll review where we stand in our state jurisdictions. In Wisconsin, I’m pleased to report that just yesterday, our Two Creeks Solar farm began commercial operation, providing 100 megawatts of renewable capacity for the customers of Wisconsin Public Service, ahead of schedule and on budget. This is our first utility-scale solar project with an investment of $130 million. And we continue to develop plans for two liquefied natural gas facilities. We’re working with regulators and local officials and pending all necessary approvals, we expect construction to start in the fall of 2021. These facilities will provide customer savings and enhance reliability during Wisconsin’s cold winters. In Illinois, we’re seeking a rate review for one of our smaller subsidiaries, North Shore Gas, which serves approximately 160,000 customers in the northern suburbs of Chicago. Rights for North Shore Gas were last set more than five years ago before we acquired the company. Since then we have consistently invested capital to serve our customers, while reducing operating costs. We expect a constructive dialogue with the Illinois Commerce Commission, as we seek rates that will support system safety and reliability. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Xia.
Kevin Fletcher: That’s exactly right, Gale. As I mentioned in my comment, that we’ve seen so far, we have full expectations continue going forward.
Kevin Fletcher: Yes, I would guess it would almost have to be an ITC as opposed to a PTC, but yes. And you probably heard me say that for the first time in this new five-year capital plan that we’re rolling out today, for the first time we’re adding battery storage for our regulated business. The economics are such now that with the amount of battery storage that we think we need it will fill a very economic function for us with or without additional tax credits. But long story in short, regardless who wins the presidency, it wouldn’t surprise me if there was some modification to all of the tax credits associated with renewables. And you can see a big push for tax credits for batteries. We have not counted on that in our five-year capital plan, but just the economics and the niche need that we have for batteries, particularly at peak times, it’s beginning to make an in for the first time, its making significant economic sense for our customers.
Kevin Fletcher: That’s exactly right, Gale. If you look at things that we’ve learned during the COVID pandemic that we’re all dealing with is, we’ve been more effective in our field operation and scheduling. We’re also completing the – our customer service platform. That’ll be for We Energies here, the first of January and that will have a consistent platform available for all of our companies. And that will also give us some sustainability in our cost savings as well.
Kevin Fletcher: Gail, that’s certainly true for the broader group if you look at our economy. If you just look again at what we’ve seen as a result, you mentioned about facilities. Now, we’re seeing that because of the positive results and meeting the needs of our customers, we don’t need as much in the biofacilities that we’ve had in our major markets. So as you pointed out, I think looking broadly other industries will be like us in that perspective, but I would also agree it’s really too early to tell to see how we bounce back and how quickly we bounce.
Gale Klappa: Xia, thank you very much. We’re on track for a solid year. Again in light of our strong performance, our guidance range as Xia indicated now stands at $3.74 to $3.76 per share with a clear expectation of reaching the top end of the range. We’re also reaffirming our projection of long-term earnings growth in the range of 5% to 7% a year. And finally, a quick reminder about our dividend. As usual, I expect our Board will assess our dividend plans for next year at our scheduled meeting in early December. We continue to target a payout ratio of 65% to 70% of earnings. We’re right in the middle of that range now. So I expect our dividend growth will continue to be in line with the growth in our earnings per share. And operator, we’re now ready to open it up for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Gale Klappa: Okay, terrific. Let me handle the second part of your question first, and then we’ll let Scott and Xia talk about the generation portion of the capital spend and how it shakes out in our projections over the five-year period. But in terms of your basic question about how the 7% asset-based growth translate into earnings growth, particularly since we don’t need to issue equity. And that I think is a differentiating factor for us. And obviously I mean to be accurate as you know, you have to take into account the fact that we will be issuing some debt to help finance the capital program. So in essence, when you look at 7% asset-based growth and you throw in some assumptions on financing costs for debt, and remember, we’re basically trying to finance our growth at 50% debt, 50% equity roughly. In essence that takes the 7% down a bit. And I would say that conservatively this plan should put us in – certainly in the low 6%s, but certainly in the top half of that – well into the top half of that 5% to 7% growth projection. I hope that response to your question, Shar,
Gale Klappa: Yes. And Shar just to add other piece of color to that, we were expecting in our plan, we’re expecting some unit retirements in 2023 and 2024. And in order to prepare for those unit retirements, we’d have to be spending capital on replacement capacity upfront. So I think Scott, you’re right. You would expect to see the lion’s share. I would think of our generation capital spend 2022, 2023, 2024, and perhaps a bit over into 2025.
Gale Klappa: Yes, Shar. I don’t think there’s any question about that, because yes, as we retire some of these older less efficient units, there is significant O&M involved in maintaining those units. There’s also avoided capital. There’s a significant amount of avoided capital here that would have to be spent on the older efficient units if we kept the – or inefficient units if we kept them running. To give you an example and then we’ve all talked a good bit about this, as you can imagine in terms of what we really think is real in terms of the continuing decline in operation and maintenance costs, while maintaining really superior customer service. But say for example, a four-unit coal-fired plant that is an older plant, we’re seeing probably net $50 million of O&M savings on a retirement of a plant like that, for example. So clearly there are coal retirements, as I mentioned during the script involved here, but its multimillion dollars of O&M savings not to mention additional fuel cost savings. So yes, there’s going to be headroom here and we don’t see this plan driving rate increases at all above the inflation rate. And in the longer-term, as I mentioned, compared to the status quo, I would expect at least $1 billion of savings compared to the status quo over about a 20-year period. But in the near-term, there’ll be some little uptick that we’ll have to ask for to take care of the recovery of the capital, but there’ll be huge O&M offsets and fuel costs saving offsets for customers, so very little bit pressure. And then in terms of just where we are at this stage of the game Kevin, we really think like, as we look at finish our budgets for 2021 that the O&M savings trajectory we’re on will continue.
Gale Klappa: Yes. Great question, Shar. And I would give you a three-part answer. The first is, you’ve heard me say this before, forget about what you read in the headlines. Look at what’s happening on the campus. Look at the construction activity going on the high-tech campus that they’re now two years into developing. Foxconn has invested over a $0.5 billion already in this campus. As I mentioned, construction continues. They’ve already become the largest single property taxpayer in the county in – Racine County. And I do think what will happen here because the contract with the state was so specific about building a Gen 10.5 fabrication plan for LCD panels. I do think they will have to be some changes to the contract, which there are ongoing discussions about. But, again, I would say to you, look at what’s happening on the campus. And I would add that, because their plans have changed and their original plan did not have high capacity computing. We’re still seeing significant projection of demand for electricity. So our demand projections have not changed dramatically at all, because as they’ve changed and evolved their plans, they’ve added things like high capacity computing. And then the last thing I would say to you is, one of the products that they’re looking at developing and producing out of that campus, our server parts and server racks. And they’re already deploying a combination of technologies that I just really got a briefing on yesterday from them, which was just really amazing. They’re already deploying on a test basis there at that campus, artificial intelligence, 5G and robotics to be the most efficient producer of server and server racks in the world out of that campus. So they’re still very active in terms of determining what they want to do there. I do think it will probably require some modifications to the wording of the contract, but again, I would say, keep your eye on what’s happening on the campus and we’ll be happy to keep you updated.
Gale Klappa: Yes. Well, first of all, I think your observation is correct. When you look at the pipeline of high quality opportunities that we are seeing that pipeline, even though, we have been very successful in pulling forward, as you say, a significant amount of investment in the infrastructure segment. That pipeline of opportunity is definitely broader and greater and deeper today than it was before the pandemic. So we are – as you know, we’re being very selective here, because we were in a very strong, competitive position with our tax appetite and with the fact that we can bring these to closure without having to issue equity, without having to go through a lot of hoops. So we’re being very selective and we’re focusing right now on three or four near-term projects. I wouldn’t expect any announcement – new announcement before the end of the year, but I would just say, watch this space for 2021.
Gale Klappa: I would reiterate that all the facts, regardless of the tax rates we are going to look at the infrastructure segment long-term not being more than 10% of our total earnings. I just want to reiterate that with you.
Gale Klappa: Oh, potentially, yes, absolutely. Absolutely and we have room at the number of our wind farms and our infrastructure projects. We have room for battery storage. So yes, that potentially could be an enhancement down the road. No question.
Gale Klappa: Well, Jeremy, let me say first on the rate case front, way too early to have any meaningful discussions about our potential filing in 2021 in Wisconsin. And I would just say simply say this, every option is on the table right now. And I will have a whole lot better feel as we move into the first part of next year, but every options on the table right now. And then, in terms of the O&M reductions, essentially I’m guessing that we end up Shaw about 3% to 4% O&M lower for this calendar year than last calendar year. I was shaking your head up and down. Yes. We had identified potentially more O&M savings than that. But as we’ve had a number of positive developments, bottom line is we simply don’t need to cut that deep. But Kevin, everything I’m seeing, I know you’re closer to it than I am on the operational side. But everything I’m seeing is that our momentum on O&M reduction will continue into next year and a big chunk of the savings that we’re seeing are sustainable.
Gale Klappa: And then of course we have in the future plan, as you know, we’ve got retirements of older less efficient generating units, which also will deliver O&M savings. So we’re very bullish and optimistic on our ability to continue to drive efficiency and best practice across our seven operating companies.
Gale Klappa: That’d be happy to. And the answer is really very straightforward. It’s cost effective compared to other peaking solutions, if you will, compared to other capacity that we would need to help meet peak demand. Or as someone said during one of our meetings the other day, battery solution basically is going to give us sunshine after sunset, which I thought was an interesting comparison. But yes, for – when you compare it to other peaking technology, other peaking capacity, a certain amount of battery storage has become cost effective for our customers.
Gale Klappa: That would be before any additional tax incentives. That is correct. We’re not counting on any additional tax incentives at all.
Gale Klappa: At this point, it remains lithium ion batteries. Now that doesn’t mean we’re blind to something else. But the plan, because it’s proven, and we understand the costs and the effectiveness of the technology, the plan right now calls for lithium-ion batteries. If two years from now, two years into our five-year plan, if something else emerges that we know is cost-effective and reliable, then we would certainly be open to it. But right now it’s lithium-ion and let me add to that just a philosophical comment. A company like ours, I don’t believe in our whole management team feel the same way. I mean, we’re not in the business of being on the bleeding edge of technology. I mean, this to deliver customer value and shareholder value, this is all about cost effectiveness and reliability, and that’s our job. Cost effectiveness, reliability, customer satisfaction, all of that leads to shareholder returns. So we’re a very close follower. And Kevin is on the Board of the Electric Power Research Institute. I was years ago, we participate in a number of the experimental projects. We stay abreast of technology developments, but we’re not – but for our customers and for what we believe is the core of how we do business. We’re not into the bleeding edge of technology.
Gale Klappa: We’re certainly hope so. And I’ve had to take a lower pay because we have to get more to be honest, I think, we’ll see. We will talk about that.
Gale Klappa: Absolutely. So if you think about, and again, those retirements will occur probably most of them in 2023, 2024. So if you look at our projected rate base for 2025, it’s roughly across our entire operation, our entire system. It would be roughly about $32 billion. If you look at essentially what we will be retiring, the remaining rate basis probably roughly saw $600 million that of deferred taxes. So a way to look at that is it’s about 2% of our total asset base or will be about 2% of our total asset base and for Wisconsin under 5% of our rate base. So that’s really kind of the basic numbers as we see them today. And in terms of future recovery, we – I think we’ve done very well in terms of coming to an agreed upon solution with the commission, with the environmental advocates, with the industrial customer groups. We’ve got a good track record of coming to an amiable and constructive solution in terms of recovery also potentially in terms of some securitization, particularly of environmental control costs. So, there’ll be a lot of discussions over the next four years, but in direct answer to your question, less than 5% of the Wisconsin rate base by 2025 and roughly about 2% of our total asset base.
Gale Klappa: Yes. Well let me say, first of all, I mean Foxconn is a huge corporation. I think from a revenue standpoint, they’re the fourth largest tech company in the world. But even a company that size, I mean, they’ve already invested $0.5 billion, more than $500 million in beginning to build out the campus that we’ve talked about in Racine County. So even a company that size, I don’t think would just walk away from $0.5 billion investment that they just made in very modern state-of-the-art production equipment. So, and to take that a step further if they did nothing more, they would still have $0.5 billion of investment. They would still have significant electric demand because they’ve added high capacity computing to their plans. In fact, that’s already being built right now. And we’ve already seen $1.3 billion of additional private investment that has nothing to do with Foxconn directly, but $1.3 billion of additional private investment, two-thirds of which is either complete or underway in the 10-mile around the Foxconn campus. So there’s already been from a textbook economic development standpoint, Paul, there’s already been tremendous ripple effect, and the state has benefited from that. To put that in perspective if there was no more investment from Foxconn at $500 billion – or $500 million, which they’ve already done would still be the largest economic development project in the history of the State of Wisconsin. Then we have herbal, which we talked about a lot, the gummy bear people, they are breaking ground next month. And their investment is going to be, gosh, probably 30% to 35% more than they originally envisioned. It’s going to be a much bigger campus. So we’re seeing such tremendous opportunity and tremendous pipeline of growth that, I’m not overly concerned about what might happen. And also, I mean, there’s good faith on both sides here. So, I mean, I just don’t see, despite all the political rhetoric that you see again, my advice is forget the headlines. Look at what’s going on, on the ground.
Gale Klappa: All right. I think that wraps us up folks. That concludes our conference call for today. Thanks again for participating. Always a joy to be with you. If you have any other questions, please feel free to contact Beth Straka. She can be reached at (414) 221-4639. Thanks everybody. Stay safe and have a good election day.
Shar Pourreza: Yes. I’m ready to break out to be honest with you, but yes, still there, still there. Hopefully everyone’s healthy.
Shar Pourreza: Right, right. That’s helpful. And then like Gale, just as you kind of look at the generation transition, look at what you’re proposing today, it’s like 1.8 gigawatts of fossil fuel assets that are retiring, focusing on solar, batteries, wind. I mean obviously this is going to afford some additional O&M and cost savings, maybe some of the – that we’ve seen in the industry. How do we sort of think about the size of the O&M profile and the trajectory as we think about 2021 and sort of beyond there as we’re looking to sort of model the rate inflation or even the O&M profile you guys have. Because it just seems like this is going to lead to additional bill headroom for additional capital opportunities.
Shar Pourreza: Perfect. Thank you guys. Gale, congrats on your expansion as Chairman. Now you’re stuck with us till 2024.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Always, every time. And let me reemphasize Shar’s comment. We’re pleased to be able to continue to report what we’re doing over the next few years, too, so looking forward to that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So if I can pick it up where you left the dock as well. Let’s talk about the timing on the energy infrastructure, just more broadly as well. I know you guys talked to the generation piece here, but you all were so successful in this first year and pulling forward that cap back as you identified opportunities, et cetera. What’s the potential we do that again, especially as it seems like the energy infrastructure opportunities before you were probably larger that now than they were before. So I don’t want to get too far ahead of myself here, but curious how you respond that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it, excellent. And then if I can turn back to 2021 in the context of earnings and earnings latitude, not necessarily on the longer term 5% to 7%, but just as you think about the O&M that you were able to pull the latitudes your numbers, perhaps, I’ll frame it that way. How do you think about the ability to accelerate, especially, in the 4Q here some of the costs from next year and add confidence to your numbers going into next year. I’ll put it that way. Especially, given some of the refinancing opportunities you all have as well.
