Gale Klappa: Okay, good questions Jim. I appreciate it. On the first thing related to our dividend pay-out ratio targets, we’ve mentioned we are targeting to move to a 60% payout ratio by 2014. That of course would support based on our projections double-digit earnings or a double-digit dividend growth for 2013 and 2014. And my direct answer to your question is one step at a time. When we get to 2014 we have a stated policy of having a competitive dividend payout ratio and we'll look around, come 2014 and see where we are against industry norms and see what it takes to maintain a competitive payout ratio. We’ll also look at the fundamental underlying strengths of the company. We'll look at our cash flows. We'll look at all the standard things that you would normally expect us to look at, but it will be in the context of what does it take to maintain a competitive payout ratio against other regulated companies in our sector.
Gale Klappa: And then on the share buyback the concept remains very much intact that we announced. We basically completed a third of the buyback already and as I mentioned at a very, very attractive repurchase price of $30.79 a share I mentioned in the script we did not repurchase any shares in Q1 or Q2. And as we moved forward we can be very patient and our criteria is very simple, we will look at what is the best after-tax return that we can deliver for our shareholders from our free cash flow. The effects of an additional investment for example like the Montfort Wind Energy Center that we mentioned, well that's what we do. At the end of the day our commitment is not to hoard cash, but to return value to shareholders and obviously our preference would be to do so with additional investment projects that meet our return criteria and our risk profile. But if we don't find those additional projects, then again we'll use that cash in a way that most benefits our shareholders from an after tax standpoint.
Gale Klappa: In every rate case, because we project expenses two years going forward. If you recall, Wisconsin has a two year forward-looking test year. So, what we do when we file a normal rate case during our normal cycle is we file our projected O&M and capital expenses in this case for 2013 and 2014 and then the staff does what we call a field audit. They come, look at all of our projections. They look at our past spending. They do trends, and they recommend how much O&M should be included in our future rates.
Gale Klappa: What did they say? Well, I think, I'm not sure they're completely through with their recommendations yet.
Gale Klappa: Well, I can say to you that the fiscal cliff is not in our thinking related to dividend policy, because we have to look at dividend policy on a long-term basis. So, I mean, we wouldn’t necessarily take a very short-term kind of an event into account when we’re trying to set dividend policy for multi-years. In terms of taxes, we would certainly take that into account. But in talking with our investors around the country and in Europe, many of them have given me the advice about don’t worry about our tax rates, I mean just try to have a competitive dividend policy and a superior risk-adjusted total returns. So, unless there was there was to be a punitive dividend tax rate increase which I would hope that we would avoid as a nation. I don’t think it would have – certainly we would look at it, but I don’t think it would be a huge factor in our overall dividend policy and setting that policy going forward.
Gale Klappa: That is correct. But I will say this, I am very hopeful and as you know our industry and others have a very I think an hope effective program underway to inform Congress and the (staffs) in Congress about how important it is not to favor one type of investment over another in terms of either capital gains or dividends. And I did notice that the Democratic proposal that came through just a couple of weeks ago, while it raised slightly taxes on dividends for upper income individuals it also maintained the link between capital gains, tax rates and dividend tax rates. I think, we-re making and hope we’re making some economic sense to Congress that you really don’t want tax policy to skew investment decisions. And so I’m very hopeful that regardless of what the final rate ends up being next year that there will be a linkage.
Gale Klappa: Well, in terms of our cash taxes, we’re benefiting certainly from accelerated depreciation. And so our GAAP taxes, as we mentioned, our effective tax rate will probably be between 35.5% this year, but the cash taxes will be absolutely minimal because of the impact of the Obama accelerated depreciation.
Gale Klappa: The other Wisconsin utilities actually received rate increases effective January 1, 2012. Virtually, every Wisconsin utility is in for a rate case that will be decided between now and the end of the year. So, my sense is that our relative positioning in Wisconsin will be unchanged. In fact, maybe a hair better, because some of the other Wisconsin utilities are seeking higher base rate increases than we are, but I am glad you asked that question, Michael, because there is an important underlying trend going on here that I think will be very evident over the course of the next three, four, five years, particularly in the greater Midwest and the nation as a whole. We have invested, as you know, well actually since 2003 $7.8 billion in infrastructure upgrades. Much of that capital not only has gone to efficient new generation, but it’s gone to modern air quality controls. So, our customers are now paying in their current rates for the air quality controls and the improvement in the environment that the EPA is actually trying to mandate now nationwide. So, as the EPA rules continue to be enforced, by 2015 or 2016 as other companies either have to invest significant capital and probably capital per unit of capacity at a higher cost than ours or retire capacity, their costs are going to go up and up at a much faster rate than ours. So, I believe if you think about Wayne Gretzky and his comment was always I want to know where the puck is going, instead of where the puck is today. Where the puck is going is that we will look increasingly competitive over the course of the next five years and we are very pleased about that.
Gale Klappa: Well, I am very positive on our ability to continue to control our O&M cost. Actually, the two biggest drivers right now of our cost pressure really are putting into rates the $1.6 billion of capital investment for the project that I mentioned during the early part of the conference call. And so our single biggest pressure really is recovering the cost of that capital that we have invested for our customers. We are also seeing higher healthcare costs as every company is seeing, but 7% to 10% inflation on healthcare costs is not atypical for us. Those two items obviously are significant, but overall our managers are very focused on productivity. We are a far more productive company than we were eight or nine years ago and I think we can and will continue to be.
Gale Klappa: As Rick said, I mean, it's clearly been a very warm July and we have a fairly good sense that we will have a strong July earnings growth. So, we decided to factor it in.
Gale Klappa: Well, let’s see Rick and I can both answer that, Rick was our lead negotiator with NextEra on the purchase of the Montfort Wind Energy Center. I think essentially for us and looking at that acquisition from our standpoint. We had a long-term power purchase agreement I think it expires in 2026, Rick…
Gale Klappa: As far as any other opportunities, we do have one other major power purchase agreement and that’s energy coming from a combined cycle plant a natural gas, combined cycle plant called Whitewater. That one is a little bit more difficult in terms of thinking about a purchase and inserting that into rate base, more difficult simply because of the ownership structure a private equity firm owns a significant interest I think a Japanese utility owns another interest. There are some complexities related to the debt financing on that particular plant, so we don't see a near-term opportunity there, I think Rick and I both feel like long-term we are probably the natural owner of the Whitewater plant, but I would see that as long-term. In the course of the other potential opportunity, which we will know a lot more about in 2013 is whether or not there will be a piece of legislation that would authorize the privatization of power plants owned by the state of Wisconsin. There is obviously an election in November. The outcome of that election in terms of who and which party controls the assembly and the state Senate will obviously have an impact on whether that legislation will proceed, but we think that’s a 2013 issue and a 2013 potential in terms of legislation.
Gale Klappa: I’ll be happy to give you my view. And I think the short answer is we really don’t see any changes in the renewable mandates going forward. There is no momentum and no one has proposed really to rollback the standards. There is also, I don’t believe any momentum to increase the standards. So, our sense is that for a number of years to come, the renewable mandate will stay in place as is. Recall one thing though, the mandate sets this baseline and we need to get statewide to a 10% renewable sources by 2015 10% of retail sales, but that 10% threshold stays in place for each year going forward after 2015. So, if sales grow, if customer demand grows, then there is also growth in the component that would have to come from renewables.
Gale Klappa: Well, we are asking the commission for approval during the second half of 2012. We would hope to close the transaction right at the end of 2012, and if that’s the case it would be in rate base for 2013.
Gale Klappa: You can be that…Andy Levy – Avon Capital Advisors: Yeah, unfortunately, we are all getting up there. I’ll get up there, but enjoy Rick.
Gale Klappa: Andy, I don’t know if you heard Rick, but you said it’s not the age of the miles.Andy Levy – Avon Capital Advisors: Yes, yes.
Rick Kuester: Paul our analyst – latest analyst book that we filed has on page seven basically our forecast for 2012 versus 2011 normalized.
Rick Kuester: We’re assuming normal weather in the second half of the year except for – have factored in a warm July. So, from a weather standpoint, normal weather from August on.
Rick Kuester: We’ve been taking power out of that wind farm for about 10 years Jay and PTCs basically run out and as we looked at it in our cost of capital and the benefits to customers not only between now and 2026 but beyond 2026, because we will continue to have renewable Rec needs just we were able to get to an agreement with NextEra that made sense for both parties, makes sense for customers, make sense for our shareholders too.
