Kevin Fletcher: Thank you Gale. First, I have some good news to share. Our largest subsidiary, We Energies, was named the most reliable electric utility in the Midwest for the eighth year running. That's a testament to our employees and our focus on building and maintaining resilient infrastructure. And our employees did an excellent job keeping our customers warm during the polar vortex last month. We hit record peaks for natural gas distribution our Wisconsin, Minnesota and Michigan service territories. In addition, we achieved the highest customer satisfaction ratings in the nation in JD Power Survey of large business and industrial customers served by electric utilities across the country. We also were named by Forbes magazine as one of America's best employers for diversity for 2019. Now I would like to briefly review where we stand in our four state jurisdictions. As we look ahead in Wisconsin, we plan to file a general rate case for all of our Wisconsin utilities this spring. We would expect that new retail rates would go into affect in January 2020. As a reminder, customers have benefited from a base rate freeze for the past four years and more recently from tax reform. In fact, after factoring in our fuel cost and federal tax reform, our retail rates in Wisconsin are actually lower today than they were in 2015. Turning to Illinois. We continue to make progress on the Peoples Gas System Modernization Plan. As a reminder, this program is critical to providing our Chicago customers with a natural gas delivery network that is modern, safe and reliable. For many years to come, we will be replacing outdated natural gas piping, some of which was installed more than a century ago with state-of-the-art materials. This past year, we invested approximately $295 million in the effort and we expect the project to continue through 2035. And now a word about our Minnesota utility, Minnesota Energy Resources. On December 26 of last year, the Commission approved a rate increase of $3.1 million or 1.26% effective January 1, 2018. The order also increased the equity ratio to 50.9% and the allowed return on equity to 9.7%. The Minnesota Attorney General has requested a review of the authorized ROE in the order. Now we will turn to Michigan. We are nearing completion of the new natural gas-fired generation in the upper Peninsula. Engineering, procurement and construction are essentially complete. Startup as well underway and we anticipate commercial operation as planned in the second quarter of this year. And at that time or soon thereafter, we will expect to retire our coal-fired power plant at Presque Isle. We are investing $266 million in 10 reciprocating internal combustion engines or as we call them RICE units. They will be capable of generating a total of 180 megawatts of electricity. These units, which will be owned by one of our Michigan utilities, Upper Michigan Energy Resources, will provide a cost effective long-term power supply for the customers in the upper Peninsula. And with that, I will turn it back to Gale.
Kevin Fletcher: Gale, I would say you summed it very well. We are on the process of evaluating our rate case and our options now. And as you said, I think it would be in line with inflation and nothing major there.
Kevin Fletcher: Gale, I would just add that that certainly has been a growth part of our service territory and with that in any economic development project, like you mentioned the multiplier effect is going to be there. So that also is what's factored in as we look forward into the future.
Gale Klappa: Scott, thank you very much. Overall, we are on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders. I might add, the Milwaukee Bucks have the best record in the NBA. So, operator, we are ready to rock and open it up now for the question-and-answer portion of our call.
Gale Klappa: And Michael, as I have mentioned to you, we can be, given our competitive advantage, with our tax appetite, with the strength of our balance sheet and our ability to use the production tax credits, we are in a very competitive position. So as we set future projects, we have a very really robust list of future projects to choose from. And as I mentioned, we will be very selective. We are only going to invest in this segment in projects that we have an incredibly high confidence level in terms of not changing our risk profile but with offtake agreements with some of the best, most robust companies in the country.
Gale Klappa: That actually, in an interesting way, they are helpful to our FFO to debt calculation because of the bonus depreciation. Obviously, the cash comes back from these investments very, very quickly.
Gale Klappa: Yes. But in terms of all of our regulated capital spending plans, right on target. Everything is exactly as we hope they would be.
Gale Klappa: Well, to directly answer your question, there is a specific order point in the last rate agreement, the last rate settlement that requires us to file a rate case, I believe, by the April 2 of 2019. So there is a regulatory requirement. Would we have filed anyway? Maybe, maybe not. But clearly it will be a good time to really, I mean there a number of tweaks that we think will be helpful in terms of rate design, in terms of a number of other accounting issues, et cetera, et cetera. So I don't know that we wouldn't have filed anyway. But it really is a moot point in that there is an order requiring us to file by April.
Gale Klappa: Sure. I would be happy to. Let me first explain the backdrop and that is in 2019, we will reap a full year worth of savings from the closure of the Pleasant Prairie Power Plant. Remember, a large coal-fired plant of that kind requires very significant amount of annual operating and maintenance costs. Wisconsin Public Service closed the Pulliam Power Plant. There was a jointly owned unit called Edgewater, a jointly owned with other Wisconsin utilities that closed in the fall as well. And then we expect as and Kevin mentioned the new power supply, the RICE units that should go commercial in the spring of this year and that will allow us to retire the Presque Isle power plant up in the upper Peninsula of Michigan, way up north. You put all of those O&M savings together and we expect another leg down in operation and maintenance costs in 2019 compared to 2018. And Kevin, I am thinking in the 3% to 4% range.
Gale Klappa: Sure. I would be happy to, Vedula. The matter you are referring to relates to the capital investment that was made for the system modernization during calendar year 2015. And if you recall, our acquisition of Integrys, which included the Peoples Gas Company, took place, I think we closed on June 29, 2015. So as the Commission looks at retrospectively the prudency of the program and how it was run, how the investment program was run in 2015, remember we have the company for six months, the prior management had the company for six months. And essentially what the Commission staff is saying is that they don't think the program was run as efficiently as it should have been certainly prior to the acquisition. And that's what the issue is. So we will work our way through that. I am not overly alarmed. It's just a matter of getting through this particular process. And this is an annual review, which is part of the regulatory compact there. So it's something we are very familiar with. But it really relates to the 2015 investment in which we only had six months of operation of Peoples Gas.
Gale Klappa: I am sorry. And Vedula, to Kevin's point, we have already seen two big announcements about healthcare facilities, hospitals and medical complexes being built within miles of the Foxconn campus. Just last week there was an announcement of a new hotel and a new distribution center and a new brew pub, by the way. So you know, you need to get out here.
Gale Klappa: Well, first of all, as you know, one step at the time. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we should receive a Commission decision on the utility-scale solar projects that we have put in front of the Commission for approval. We expect a decision certainly by end of March or early April. Then as we have developed our internal plans, depending upon that approval and I am very optimistic about that, you could see us, as a next step, submitting a request for utility-scale solar for Wisconsin Electric as the one that's in front of the Commission today is for our Wisconsin Public Service subsidiary based in Green Bay. And then I mentioned, we just received approval for a couple of pilot programs that are pretty sizable and it could bring up to 185 megawatts of additional wind and solar to our regulated portfolio. So one step at a time. Wisconsin Public Service approval, up and coming. We trust then we are going to work hard on these two pilot projects that the Commission approved before the end of last year. And, potentially, you will see a filing also for Wisconsin Electric for utility-scale solar.
Gale Klappa: I would just say, watch this space. We are obviously putting final touches together on our plans. But for example, there is a real-time pricing program that the Commission approved couple of years ago that has to get reviewed again. We think that's something that the Commission will take a hard look at and we will have some ideas. So that's one good example. And that's been a very popular program with our larger industrial customers. So that's just one example of a rate design type of an issue that we will have a good discussion with the Commission. But watch this space.
Gale Klappa: Well, I think it's pretty clear what areas of emphasis we will be looking at in the rate case and the staff and the Commissioners would be looking at. I think my honest thought at this point is essentially steady as she goes.
Gale Klappa: Well, first of all, remember, we have had a rate freeze for four years. So we really have, in some ways, deviated from the every other year rate case cycle. I will say, historically, the Commission has wanted all of the Wisconsin utilities to file a case every two years. Whether that approach is still something the Commission wants, we will have to see. Because obviously, we will have a new Chair of the Commission here by March and there is a new staff director, et cetera. So I would guess, though, because the Wisconsin Commission has been so consistent in it's approach over the years, I would guess that we probably will continue on an every two-year cycle.
Gale Klappa: Unusual in the 2018 O&M. Well, you have got to think about, there is some confusion about where tax repairs are impacting, that's a biggie.
Gale Klappa: Terrific. Thank you so much. Well, it looks like that concludes our conference call for today. Thank you so much for participating. If you have any questions, feel free to call Beth Straka, 414-221-4639. Thanks everybody. Take care.
Scott Lauber: Yes. That's exactly it, Gale. And when you look at it, if you look at the cash flow statement, the cash flow statement is never as straightforward as you would hope. There is a lot of different pieces. The money we are saving on taxes, some of it is flowing against regulatory assets, et cetera. So we didn't pay cash taxes in 2017 or 2018 and right now we don't expect in 2019. And like Gale said, a partial in 2020. So, some of these cash taxes, the deferred taxes, that's a long unwind as we look across it as we work into a rate case.
Scott Lauber: No. And that's why we are being very diligent on these infrastructure projects that pushes out to 2020 now.
Scott Lauber: Yes. Gale, you are exactly right. We have all the projects announced that we have in our capital spending through 2019 already. And right now, we are looking at 3% was really in the five-year plan that we were talking. And remember, we really look at that Bluewater Gas Storage as really extension of our Wisconsin business, because these are all Wisconsin utilities.
Scott Lauber: Probably the only one is our last announcement on the infrastructure which filled in our 2019 bucket. So we are going to be more selective as we go forward.
Scott Lauber: Yes, when you look at the volumes in that sales forecast, I think when we talked at EEI, these are the larger industrial customers that have come in, the Amazons, the Foxconns, the Haribos that the lower margin when you look at industrial classes, those are the lower margin classes. So the margin isn't quite there. But what we did put in the forecast is really put known projects out there. So we don't know where the additional jobs, that will be additional housing or the secondary suppliers. So we did not add that into the forecast whether it be the capital to put those in or the volumes associated with it. But the volumes here are really shown more in that industrial segment and I would expect in a few years after that would start seeing them in smaller groups, those volumes coming in. But it all does get worked into rate cases that allow us to continue to keep rates where they are at.
Scott Lauber: Yes. You are exactly correct. And we break down the O&M when the 10-K comes out and we break it out into more detail there because there is other items that are regulatory in nature that are amortizations that come to the total number. So what Gale is quoting is that day-to-day O&M.
Scott Lauber: So when you look at the O&M in the earnings packet, you try a breakout how the tax repairs are pulled out of those ahead of it. I think what you are talking about is, we really only had a part of a year of our retirement of the one coal plant in 2018 and now the Pleasant Prairie Coal Plant will have a full year next year. And this year, in the second quarter, we expect that that coal plant in the upper Peninsula, Presque Isle, to close and there should be savings for that. So those are the two unique items we talked about earlier in the call.
