Gale E. Klappa: Scott, thank you very much. We're still standing and we're focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders. Operator, we're ready now for the question-and-answer portion of the conference call.
Gale E. Klappa: Yeah, very good questions, Julien. Thank you. First of all, in terms of the return criteria that we're using, let me back up and say that, I view this whole infrastructure segment that we've introduced over the last 24 months really as a sign of how strong the company is. As you know, we're one of the few companies in the industry that does not have to issue equity to finance our growth, that has a tax appetite and we're seeing – because of just the backdrop in the industry I believe, we're seeing very, very good assets that we're able to take a look at and able to be very discerning in terms of the particular projects that we would actually bring into the segment. So long story short, certainly cash returns, IRRs and ROEs are all an integral part of how we look at these projects. And I do see the projects when we talk about at or above our retail rate of return for these projects, we're really looking at an average return over the course of the life of the projects. So that's, I hope, answering one of your questions. In many cases, the returns are somewhat higher in the early years, but when we look at this, we're looking at consistent returns on average across the life of the assets. And then in terms of the projects that we already have basically underway, you remember last year, we closed on the Bluewater Natural Gas storage asset. And then this year, we added the Bishop Hill III, booked first at 80% ownership interest, now at 90% ownership interest, and we're also contractually committed to bring onboard next year after construction is complete the Upstream Wind Energy Center in Antelope County, Nebraska. So in essence, one way to look at it is with Upstream coming on-stream next year, about 20% of the segment amount for the next five years is already in-house, if you will. And we have a number of projects in the pipeline that we're looking at. Some of which I think will come to fruition, but we have a very good robust pipeline of projects that we are taking a look at. Rest assured, we will be disciplined. And we're not going to do something that materially changes our risk profile and we're not going to do something that does not meet our return criteria. I hope that helps, Julien.
Gale E. Klappa: Okay. Sure. Well, we have not set a timetable for any additional change at the CEO level. So I think, Julien, you'll have me around to ask questions to for quite a while.
Gale E. Klappa: Good questions all, Greg, and let me take them one at a time. First of all, let me try to clarify the changes in our five-year capital plan compared to the previous plan for 2018 through 2022. What you see basically is an increase in the natural gas delivery segment because, again, we are seeing growth across the board in terms of all of our customer segments in terms of natural gas demand. And that includes about $140 million of capital that we expect to spend in the area that Foxconn is being developed. So when you look at our capital spending, our focus remains clearly on the regulated business and the growth opportunities that we need to serve customers reliably in the regulated business. The increase in the natural gas delivery segment was somewhat offset by a slight decrease in transmission. And there, American Transmission is coming off of two very large projects that they're completing inside the footprint. And as you know, some of the transmission is a bit episodic and project by project. So the downturn we're seeing here in the American Transmission Company piece of the budget is really just reflecting the completion of two very large capital projects. On the energy infrastructure piece that we talk about, it's only 10% of our projected capital spending for the next five years. So I just want to make sure that everyone understands. Our focus is still clearly on the growth in the regulated business and the investments we need to maintain reliability and great customer service. But we do see growth particularly in the natural gas delivery segment. Now to Foxconn itself, they are in the final stages of completing their design for that entire campus, and our technical people meet with their folks literally every week. The changes that they have made so far have really had no material effect on the projected demand for electricity that we're seeing. We've been seeing for a number of months as they refine their designs a demand of about 180 megawatts, and that's still in place. So I think to be honest with you, and we've seen some articles that frankly are absolute hit pieces, there's a lot going on right now, just tremendous progress on the campus and across the state. And in fact, just a few weeks ago the Chairman of Foxconn committed to a $100 million contribution to the engineering school at the University of Wisconsin at Madison. So they are full speed ahead from everything we can tell. And in terms of the catalytic effect that I mentioned, there's already been announced in the area, within a few miles of where the Foxconn campus is going to be, there's already been announced $300 million of additional capital investment by non-related parties, medical complexes, hospitals, hotels, business parks. It's really amazing to see the immediate catalytic effect, and I think we're just at the front end of it. So that's my summation of where we are. And again, from everything we can tell, even though their design has changed a bit, the fact that they're building what they call a Gen 6 instead of a Gen 10.5 fabrication facility hasn't changed what we're seeing in terms of either their demand for electricity or the catalytic effect that we're seeing that we expected to see. Let me just put one number to it. We did a study. This was not a government study, this was something that we did with an outside econometric firm. And if Foxconn delivers on all the promises it has made we expect it to, and earns all the state tax credits, we would expect $54 billion over the next 15 years of new economic activity for the state, $54 billion, which would be about a return of 18:1 of the state tax credits. So that's my summation, Greg. I hope that helps.
Gale E. Klappa: Michael, if I'm understanding your question, is there any risk that we see that might put the 10% returns in danger? Again, we're only looking at projects...
Gale E. Klappa: To be honest with you, we are seeing enough significant opportunity directly in our retail regulated business that we're also seeing increased capital opportunities there. So we want to keep a reasonable balance here. If we saw some incredible opportunity that put us above the 10% of capital spending in that segment in the next five years, we will certainly do it. But I think that's a reasonable estimate at this point and again in part because we're also seeing really good opportunities in our core.
Gale E. Klappa: Michael, just to be clear, the $140 million that we've actually filed for approval, the $140 million of gas distribution projects that we filed for approval with the Commission represents the additional investment that we think we're going to need to accommodate the economic growth in the region. So it's Foxconn plus, if you will, so that's about $140 million investment, two separate gas distribution projects. Because we simply don't have enough infrastructure in terms of natural gas delivery in that area right now to accommodate both Foxconn's growth and the additional growth we're starting to see. Could the natural gas delivery segment grow even faster? If we see additional economic growth beyond what we're projecting in that area, yes. But at the moment, I think that initial $140 million investment will cover us for the next several years.
Gale E. Klappa: Great question and I think it's the latter. I mean, first of all, there's no question in my mind that all the economic development we're seeing. I mentioned Komatsu which is a major project right in the harbor district in Milwaukee. There's HARIBO, the candy company that's coming to Southeastern Wisconsin. Milwaukee Electric Tool has had two major expansions. Amazon a couple of years ago built a huge distribution center and is expanding or has expanded that distribution center. So all of that really is – and the investment opportunity for infrastructure, a regulated infrastructure that we need to make to support all that growth. I think that is in my mind basically giving us an even longer runway to our 5% to 7% or in the middle of the range low 6% growth rate. And definitely with stronger kilowatt hour sales and you'll see as we roll out our plans in more detail at EEI, you'll see we've raised our projected growth rate of sales for both natural gas and electricity a bit. That's also helping to keep rate pressure down. No question about it.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, I'll start and then I'm going to ask Scott for his view to give you as well. I would say this, I mean, and we did say we would expect absent any other infrastructure projects that we would become a cash taxpayer next year. But again, we have the tax appetite to be able to take on some very good projects that don't change our risk profile. So I don't particularly see – we are going to maintain a strong balance sheet, we're going to maintain our credit rating, we're going to maintain the FFO metrics where we need them to be. But I don't see that as a huge deterrent at this point.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, I think when you see all the details of our capital plan and our projections going forward, we have rebased a little bit. We were basically projecting flat almost 0% to 0.5% electric demand growth. I think Scott is adding almost 1% to that in terms of annual expectation of electric demand growth in light of the opportunity we're seeing. And then we're also rebasing up just a hair our natural gas expectation for growth as well.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, Jonathan, you're correct on both counts. We're still booking because that's the allowed rate of return today, the 10.82% on our earnings from American Transmission Company. As you know there have been a number of complaints from around the country pending at the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission from customers asking whether or not the current allowed rates of return on transmission all over the U.S. are "in the zone of reasonableness or not." As you know, FERC has begun to take some action. The first indication of where they might go just came probably 10 days, two weeks ago, when they began looking at the complaint that's on their docket from the Northeastern United States, the Northeastern Utilities, if you will. And FERC has laid out for comment a proposed new methodology, which combines four different metrics as opposed to just a single metric that they have been using in the past. Again, I think it's going to be a while before we get any clarity from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission because I believe first of all there's a 60-day comment period. That puts us close to the end of December, so I would expect them to take some action in the first half or first quarter of next year. And then I would guess that the Midwestern complaints would be on the docket after that. But we are still assuming that the 10.2% will come down, and our conservative estimate right now is 10.2%. And that 10.2% is embedded in our 5% to 7% growth rate, Scott.
Gale E. Klappa: If we wanted to issue equity, we could make it bigger, I assume. But again, we are being very, very disciplined in terms of the projects that we want to bring into this segment. So I think the reason we landed on this particular number for the Energy Infrastructure segment and the reason we ended up at 10% of our expected capital spend over the next five years with basically 20% of it already done, is – that's about the quality of the projects we're looking at. I think since we're being very disciplined and very risk-averse here, and we're not going to change our risk profile, that amount is about what I think we can spend in terms of the kind of projects we want to bring in-house. So it's really constrained more by our disciplined approach, by our return criteria than it is, I think, Scott, by any type of financial constraint.
Gale E. Klappa: And then on the FERC rules, basically the 10.2% – for this period the 10.2% is basically the allowed return.
Gale E. Klappa: I'm sorry the 10.82%, yes, is the allowed return. So other than the one complaint period that Scott talked about where we do have a reserve, we don't think there's any real challenge ability to basically take on the 10.82% because that is the allowed return for this period.
Gale E. Klappa: Everything we're seeing is Foxconn is full speed ahead. Now we do have a gubernatorial election here and there have been some discussions by the Democratic candidate for governor on whether or not he would want to relook the incentive package for Foxconn. If that were to happen I mean if he were to be elected and he decided to find some way to overturn legislation that's in place that probably would be a factor that you would want to look at in terms of whether or not there would be some slowdown in the Foxconn plan. But right now given what Foxconn is actually doing on the campus, the construction progress they're making, the additional investments across the state that they've announced, right now it appears that they are full speed ahead.
Gale E. Klappa: Sure. And again, over time with the projects that we have in hand and the projects we have announced, we would expect over time over kind of our useful life of the project the returns to meet the kind of criteria we talked about which is at or slightly above our retail rates of return.
Gale E. Klappa: No problem. I also was going to say actually believe it or not because of the cash returns, it's helpful to our FFO to debt calculation.
Gale E. Klappa: Nothing whatsoever to do with the ROE cases. Everything to do with the fact that ATC is just completing two very large construction projects, transmission project extensions and new transmission in our footprint. And they're rolling off these two very large projects from a year. So we have a high year comparing to a slightly lower year, but it has nothing to do with the potential change in ROE.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, I believe that concludes our conference call for today. Thanks so much for joining us. If you have any additional questions feel free to call Beth Straka at 414-221-4639. Thanks everybody. See you on the West Coast.
Scott J. Lauber: No, no, you're exactly correct, Gale. That 16% to 18% FFO-to-debt is right in line, in fact we're running at the high end of that this year. And as you look at opportunities, and you take 100% bonus depreciation perhaps on another project or two will even help our FFO in the other years. So we're comfortable in that 16% to 18%, we just want to be realistic on the opportunities and how we'd roll out our capital plan.
Scott J. Lauber: Yeah. That's exactly it. So going into last year's fourth quarter, we were not into earnings sharing. And between fuel and weather, we gained about $0.09 and just started to get into that sharing mechanism of about $2 million. And like Gale said, we're near the top of that 50-50 band now. So the opportunity for additional $0.09 doesn't exist.
Scott J. Lauber: That's correct. And this last year across-the-board and every class we're seeing that natural gas. So having stable gas prices I don't – residential customer growth is good but still as appliances get replaced, they're just becoming more efficient. So, I just have a hard time seeing residential continue to grow at that same pace year-over-year other than new customers.
Scott J. Lauber: That's correct. So we haven't made a final determination of when we think it will go down yet, but for our five-year plan we're assuming it goes to the 10.2%, which that includes the 50 basis point adder for being part of MISO.
Scott J. Lauber: No. If opportunities came, we'd have room to even do more than that 5% to 7% without issuing any equity. So it's not the financial, it's more of the opportunities to make sure we're realistic in the expectations to achieve our returns.
Scott J. Lauber: No, the 10.82% we are not. There is one complaint period that does exist that is open yet, and that is reserved at that 10.2% level. But that's the open complaint period that we're waiting to hear the final results on.
Scott J. Lauber: Yeah. So, specifically, the two projects we've had so far on the wind side, production tax credits are in the first 10 years, so the returns are north of that 10% by a couple of percentage points in that first 10-year period along with good cash returns because of the bonus depreciation. So it's really that first 10 years when you have the production tax credits that really make it a little higher on average.
