Allen L. Leverett: Yeah. So, Greg, I think as we look at our plan for 2017, our plan was to bring O&M down 3% in 2017 relative to the actual run rate in 2016, and that's still our plan. But given how extraordinarily warm it was in January and February, we use, what I've talked about before, our flex down process to basically flex down spending to preserve our margins in the phase of the very, very warm weather. So, I think 3% down year-over-year on O&M is still a good assumption sort of on a whether normalized basis, so to speak, Greg.
Allen L. Leverett: Yeah. So, Shar, those are just maybe a context for the others on the call, those were areas that American Transmission Company was targeting for development kind of outside their traditional footprint. In Arizona, they are working. They are looking at the feasibility of the number of transmission projects. My expectation is later this year. Can't really give you a specific date at this point, but they're actively looking at I think four different projects, and they would be prepared to propose some of those later this year in Arizona. And in Alaska, I don't have any update for you at this point in Alaska.
Allen L. Leverett: It would be the latter, Shar. So we had $300 million of capital for what we called outside the footprint in the five-year plan. So whatever they propose there would be supportive of that $300 million.
Allen L. Leverett: Well, there's nothing at least in terms of additional requirements, other than the retirement of Presque Isle we talked about, which is about a 360-megawatt coal unit. We've also talked about the retirement of Pulliam, which is a coal unit in Green Bay in the WPS Service Territory. So, other than those two retirements, I don't have anything additional to announce. I would tell you though, Shar, if you look at kind of our carbon reduction goal and maybe describe it in terms of annual tons of reduction, so what we ultimately would like to see is about a $14 million annual run rate reduction in CO2, and based on the things that we've already announced, so the Pulliam and Presque Isle, and the things that we've done at our gas plants, you could get roughly $7 million out of that $14 million. So based on what we've already announced, you could get $7 million out of that $14 million, and those actions – not only would they reduce carbon, but they also would be a net savings to customers.
Allen L. Leverett: Yeah. So what we've said, and this is something that I've mentioned at least on a couple calls before this one, didn't go into as much detail on it on this call, but we look at a base of earnings in 2015 of $2.72 per share. And, Caroline, basically that $2.72, it effectively, it's like a pro forma number for the company as if we had never done the Integrys acquisition. Okay.
Allen L. Leverett: So we set that base of earnings at $2.72 in 2015, and what we've said as a long-term matter is sort of think of an envelope where the bottom end of the envelope is a 5% compound annual growth off $2.72, and then 7% is the upper end of the envelope. What we said, as a long-term matter, we expect our actual earnings, the trajectory, to be in that envelope. So that's really how we've laid out our goal.
Allen L. Leverett: Yeah, yeah, my expectation at this point, Michael, and of course, I can't sit here today and say whether it's going to be for the rest of the year, but if you had sort of a normal weather for the rest of the year, I still think for the year, we'd be down 3% on a O&M. We would stick pretty close to that plan, if we had normal weather. If, for some reason, it's warmer or cooler than normal, well, I expect we'd adjust.
Allen L. Leverett: Well, it's the first quarter, so we still have the winter season, so it's not the largest construction for us, unless we're finishing up our prior year project. So, the first quarter isn't the biggest construction, and remember, some of the construction we have and if the – we talk about including the storage field that we're looking at purchasing, that's in the back half of the year, so it's a little bit back-end loaded.
Allen L. Leverett: Okay. Well. Let me just maybe as background for everybody, settlements, Michael, are quite uncommon in commission history – in Wisconsin Commission history. So as a result, there is no prescribed settlement process in Wisconsin. And in some other states, you have some statutorily prescribed process for a settlement, you don't really have that here. So each settlement can be approached maybe in a somewhat different fashion. Sitting here today, I talked about the fact that the PSCW gave official notice of the proposed settlement on April 20. They indicated that they would soon set a date for a prehearing conference, and then if things work the way they usually work, Michael, they'd solicit comments after they do that prehearing conference. And then, they'll have to decide what process they want to use after that. But I would just reiterate, I mean there is very broad customer support for the settlement. So the 24 industrial customers that I talked about including the three largest customers that we have. Now, in terms of the role that other interveners would have, at this point, it's hard for me to say, and I mean I would assume they'd be like any other party in a contested proceeding. So, they wouldn't be any different than how they typically would be in a contested proceeding. That will be my expectation at least.
Allen L. Leverett: Yeah. I was just thinking through it because two of the large groups that are normally part of the process weren't signatory to your stipulation. So, just trying to think through how they factor in all of those.
Allen L. Leverett: Right. Well, I think where it stands, it was referred to an assembly committee, which of course is the lower house of the legislature, then it was also referred to a senate committee. At this point, there've been no hearings that have been scheduled at a committee level. So, that's where it stands, Paul.
Allen L. Leverett: Paul, I believe they're in session until at least the end of May, and of course this is a budget year, so I'm not sure they can go home until they have a budget. But I think it's that the end of May, Paul, but we can get you a more precise answer offline.
Allen L. Leverett: I'm not sure, I would just call it any more or less contentious than Wisconsin budgets have been. Unlike other states, they consistently have a budget.
Allen L. Leverett: Sure. Yeah, the small class in our electric sales on a weather normalized basis, we calculate it to be up 1.4%. Now, like we talked about the quarter, it was extremely warm this quarter. So, normalization in this sector and all sectors is pretty tricky, especially when you're talking, with commercial, there is a variety of different commercial operations there. So, the class has always been a little stronger for us. And in our long-term forecast, we have about a 0.5% year here at for next year – for this coming year. So, it was a good quarter, but once again, it was only one quarter, I'd still look at overall being about 0.5%. And that's what I see in high class.
Allen L. Leverett: Yes. So yeah, we evaluate the pension, as you know, every year in March, intensely during the year, it gets us to be about fully funded about a 100% on a GAAP basis. So, we don't see any contributions in the near-term, but of course we'll continue to evaluate.
Allen L. Leverett: Well, my view right now, Steve, would be that I'm going to wait for the commission to take some definitive action, either a definitive action that they approve the settlement or a definitive action that they reject the settlement. I think financially, we're just fine waiting for that definitive answer.
Allen L. Leverett: So we'll wait. As I was saying in the prepared comments, I do think they'll act expeditiously, but there's just no prescribed process, so -
Allen L. Leverett: I think we really have to wait and see what happens. At this point, the interventions, they've raised their hand and intervened, but without even having had the prehearing conference, it's hard to know what their positions are at this point.
Allen L. Leverett: Yeah. And I did touch on it just briefly, but maybe just as kind of a review and summary. My expectation sitting here today is that we'll deploy about $300 million worth of capital over the course of the entire year on the S&P program. The Illinois Commission has asked for – going back to the workshop proceedings, remember that they had last year – they've asked for some additional information, I believe our deadline for filing is the middle part of May for that additional information, and additional briefs. And they've indicated that they would decide this year, so that's where we are with that process. But in the interim, we're continuing with the program, as we laid out in our three-year plan to them.
Allen L. Leverett: Well, you have a fuel band at both of the utilities, so that's the plus or minus 2%, so our outlook at this point, Leslie, would be that given normal weather, we would expect to be about fully recovered at each of the utilities, again for electric fuel.
Allen L. Leverett: Yeah. We're starting in the first quarter, when you look at first quarter 2017 versus 2016, we are seeing a slight uptick in that frac sanding sector. So, it's nice growth. Remember, frac sanding is, I think when you look at our sales of the gas side in Wisconsin excluding residential, it's between 1.5% and 2% of sales, so it's a nice grouping and we did see a nice little uptick there.
Allen L. Leverett: Yes. That is correct. So, those are the iron ore mines that – that's what we look at with and without those.
Allen L. Leverett: Yes. The large C&I, that has been relatively flat just – once again the economy is – it's moving a little bit, but those sales have been very flat in the last several months, quarters.
Allen L. Leverett: Yeah. So, there are the two large mines in the UP of Michigan. So, these are the Cliffs Resources mines. So, Paul, and I always mix up the names, but one of the mines is roughly a third of the usage up there, and that's the one if you remembering is going down into shutdown. The other mine which is about two-thirds, which is the Tilden mine, that's the larger of the two and that's the one at least the Cliffs has indicated that they're going to run for the long term.
Allen L. Leverett: Correct. Correct. I think that actually was closing last fall, previously, it was shut down – I think it's actually closed now.
Allen L. Leverett: Well, I think and I didn't listen to their call, their earnings call, but my understanding at least is, if they see an uptick in demand, could they sell to steel mills obviously, if they see an uptick there, they would be poised to increase production, but otherwise, I think they're going to be pretty flat, would be my expectation.
Allen L. Leverett: Thank you, operator. Well, thank you all for joining us today. If you have any more questions, please contact Beth Straka. Her direct number is, area code, 414-221-4639. Thank you.
Scott J. Lauber: It was a little lumpy as we put those projects in, in the storage, the coal storage, and fuel blending. So, overall though, that should continue through the year.
Scott J. Lauber: Yeah. So, when you think about the weather, there's a couple of things, when you have consecutive warm weather like January was one of the warmest and February was the warmest, we're actually able to just reduce some O&M expenses because the actual number of leaks and coal outs where the frost the line is really – naturally reduces some O&M. And then, when we see that warm weather, everyone in the company like Allen talked about, we have our flex lists and we react to that and make sure that we can control our cost to offset the weather decline.
Scott J. Lauber: Right. Well, one of those, and I think you're referring to the two permanent intervener groups. One of those permanent intervener groups is what I think of was a trade association, many of whose members actually individually supported the settlement. And then you've got another permanent intervener group called CUB, which is not really a trade association, but I think their remit is to represent residential customers largely.
Scott J. Lauber: Sure. So we have a couple debt financing plans this year. One, first, we're looking at putting debt versus intercompany debt down at our Minnesota and Michigan subs. So we're looking at that financing. So that is one item that we'll be doing. Another financing, and that'll probably each be around $100 million each. So those financings we'll be working on this year. We'll also be looking at – continue some debt at our gas utility, Peoples Gas, with the continued construction program. So that'll be happening this year also. Of course when we look, at with the purchase of Bluewater, there's potential financing with that also. And then we continue to monitor all the large electric utilities, Wisconsin Electric, Wisconsin Public Service, potentially, one, we'll have to monitor that as we go through the year.
Scott J. Lauber: Sure. So, going into the quarter, we were anticipating that gas prices were a little bit higher. They actually were a little bit higher. And then with the continued – so we thought the recoveries would be a little bit less about $0.02 worth, and then as the warm weather continued, our natural gas prices went down and, in fact, our fuel recovery at both of the utilities came in slightly better than we anticipated, just because of the price of the electricity on the market and running our plants with the natural gas.
