GaleKlappa: Sure, I'll be happy to, Shar. Well, first of all, as you know, there are numerous competing bills now on the energy front, in Illinois. And there's an old country song that says a long way to go and a short time to get there. And that's kind of I think the situation in Illinois, coupled with the fact that not only is the time running out in terms of the length of the legislative session, but also understanding is what's legislator over the budget for Illinois, which has been historically contemptuous, contentious, and redistricting. So there is a lot on their plate. And we'll see what happens. But the number of competing bills, lots of discussion going on, we'll see if anything really does take place. But I would remind everyone, that the focus remains very much on the electric side of the business there, which were not involved with potential subsidies for Exelon's nuclear plants. So there are lots of things going on there. And I suspect that rider for example, that we have at people's gas, it is not necessarily the major focus of what's going on right now we'll see. But again, even if that rider were to be repealed, and I don't really think it will, then we would revert all of the utilities would simply revert to normal rate cases with forward looking test periods. So time will tell but we're not overly concerned at the moment, in terms of the future of what needs to be done in Illinois.
GaleKlappa: Well, I'd be happy to have Scott and Xia have their view. I will say this; we got a lot of year ahead, including a large quarter in the summer quarter. So we'll have to see. I think what weather bodes for. I mean, Scott, I would think the biggest swing we're looking at potentially is weather in the summer. 
GaleKlappa: Well, we'll let Kevin give you his view on that as well. But I will say this, remember that much of what we want to accomplish in terms of adding renewables for this five year period, we want to have in service in 2023, and 2020, those of the years where we would retire some older, particularly the older units at our Oak Creek campus, those are the years when we would retire the older, less efficient coal fired capacity. So my view is we're ahead of schedule, in terms of announcing these projects. And as Kevin said, more to come. But again, thinking about the gestation period, the approval period, and the construction period. And I think, as you said, there'll be more to come, but I would see us as slightly ahead of schedule, but the schedule being intact.
GaleKlappa: Yes, I'll be happy to and I'm also going to ask Scott to give you his view. But first, let me address something that I think is not particularly well understood about the Foxconn situation, because I think it's important in terms of how it plays into our sales forecast. So we talked about the revised agreement with the state. Importantly, that agreement with the state runs through basically 2026. The earlier the first agreement that Foxconn had with the state was a much longer term agreement. So it would be a mistake to think that what's on the table now, where Foxconn has clear line of visibility on what they will produce at the campus. It's a mistake to think that that's all there is. In fact, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, Foxconn is still saying that their aspirational goal is to make this campus one of the largest producers of data infrastructure hardware in the United States. So the door is wide open for future projects beyond this period. And again, the first agreement the state had with Foxconn ran more than 10 years. This agreement is shorter term and deliberately so but does not preclude additional long term investment. In fact, the doors open for additional long term investment at that campus. Having said all that, when I and Scott view our sales forecast that we publicly announced, that's pretty darn and solid.
GaleKlappa: Short answer is yes, none that I can give names to at the moment, but I will tell you, and as you know, I've been involved in economic development here for a number of years, through the Milwaukee 7 which is our Regional Economic Development Initiative. I will tell you that our, the number of prospects, particularly from a high tech manufacturing standpoint, the number of prospects looking at this area. I've not seen this robust in any time that I've been here and it's close to 20 years that I've been back in Wisconsin. So again, that gives us a lot of optimism about the regional economy, about the attractiveness of Wisconsin as a manufacturing center. And, as they say, in the UK, watch this space.
GaleKlappa: Well, obviously, the commission staff is going through its normal process now. And the 60 to 90 days would be basically from the date of our filing. That's our projection.
GaleKlappa: Well, on the surface, the reduction of the ROE adder or a 50 basis point reduction on the surface, it really doesn't seem to be supportive of the overall broad public policy of the administration. But I continue to believe that the tailwind of public policy will move FERC in a direction of setting allowed ROEs for transmission companies that are at least at or above the retail allowed ROEs in most states. I still believe that would be the case. So we'll see how in course, this is a proposed, we'll see how all that shakes out. And again, minor hit to us. But I really think that at the end of the day, the FERC policy is going to have to be reflective of the administration's broader policy on renewables, which must mean incentivizing transmission.
GaleKlappa: Yes, I'd be happy to. Well, first of all, bedrock of our entire approach to managing this business and serving customers has been resilience and reliability. As I mentioned earlier, that focus that execution came through in spades, when the polar vortex event associated with Yuri when temperatures hit minus 42 degrees Fahrenheit in the northern portion of our service area. So at the level, I think our Public Service Commission, I think, the gubernatorial administration, there, they've been very supportive of resilience and reliability. And that, for example, is another reason why just to make to maintain resilience and reliability in very difficult climates during the winter. It's another reason why we're optimistic that we'll get approval for the LNG storage facilities that we have before the Public Service Commission today. So I don't see state policy, particularly Public Service Commission positions in any way being at odds with resilience or reliability in our region. In fact, I think the recent events just underscore how important that is.
GaleKlappa: I think there are probably two pieces to the answer to that question. And our capital plan and our $16.1 billion ESG progress plan from now through 2025. That is unchanged based on the announcements that we've made today. Now, as you know, we refresh and we update our capital plan every fall going into the, I conference and on our analysts call in late October, early November. So we'll have a refreshed five year capital plan going forward, and we'll take a look to see whether or not there may be some additional investment upsides associated with the continuing progress we're making on co2 and methane reduction. But the short answer is for this particular five year period 2021 through 2025, no change.
GaleKlappa: Well, no, first of all, with our wind projects and the infrastructure segment, how many co2 you saw. This would relate specifically to our operating utilities.
GaleKlappa: Really, the two campuses that would remain are the new Oak Creek units and the Weston side. You're exactly right.
GaleKlappa: I'm chuckling Michael, because I remember you were asking a question earlier on your email about the Memphis Grizzlies as well. And it reminded me of a comment from Coach Bud here with the Bucks who said this is a copycat lead, we steal from each other. So I think some of our brother may be stealing from our early idea, which is just fine. But the truth of matter is we have not seen any kind of for us our pipeline of potential projects that we are taking a look at. And being very, very careful with our due diligence, that pipeline of additional projects is as robust as it's ever been. And the returns, again, as Scott mentioned in his prepared remarks on the Jayhawk project that we just announced, returns are as good as we expected them to be. So we haven't seen any diminution of either potential project opportunities or the financial metrics at this stage of the game. And I don't expect we will.
GaleKlappa: Oh, gosh, that's a great question, Michael. We've seen two or three cycles over the last 30 years or so driven by different motivations, I think. So I'm not sure that comparing the cycles is necessarily the right thing to do, because I think the motivations for the M&A were different. Having said all of that, longer term, I still believe we're in a consolidating industry. I still believe that scale matters. The good news is we have significant scale and continuing efficiency opportunities. But I think over time, you'll probably see a different form of M&A at least in my opinion than what you saw over the last five or six years. I think less in terms of premiums and more in terms of mergers of equal type opportunities, scale still does matter growth still does matter. Efficiencies still does matter. So we've clearly seen a low as you probably would expect going through a pandemic. I don't think there's going to be a giant uptick immediately in M&A in our industry. But over time, I do believe it's still a consolidating industry. But I would suspect that the criteria will be much closer to the ones that we use. And I can just briefly repeat those again if you'd like. And that is we'd have to be convinced after significant due diligence, that an acquisition would be additive or accretive to earnings per share in the first full year after closing. The second is we worked very hard and one of the stronger balance sheets in the industry. And we're not going to trash the balance sheet to do it. And the third is really important as well in that is that you'd have to really believe that the growth rate of anything that we would acquire would be at least as strong as our own organic growth rate. So read that at least 5% to 7% a year. Hope that answers your question, Michael.
GaleKlappa: Amen. Go Grizz. By the way, you know that the head coach of the Grizzlies used to be on our staff here in Milwaukee, he is a great guy.
GaleKlappa: Well, we came up with a 10% number simply by doing an accurate estimation with the math. And just to be clear, again, thank you raising an important point, by the end of 2025, we would expect our revenues and our asset base tied to coal will be both are less than 10%. And the reason we wanted to mention that is I think there's perhaps been a perception on some investors, that we still have a very large portion of our asset base types as simply as we reshape our energy and our asset mix. That's simply not the case number one. The other thing that I think is really an important point here is that we can achieve not only the 2025 goal, but also the very aggressive 80% reduction in co2 emissions by the end of 2030 with existing technology, some operating refinements and some retirements. And so that I think gives you a sense of how dynamic are reshaping of our asset mix is and how small the reliance will continue to be obviously, less than 10% by 2025. And we think lower than that by 2030. 
GaleKlappa: Great question. And I think the honest answer is we have intelligent and very well informed State Public Service Commission here. And they recognize that basically for, to give you a very specific example, during the polar vortex event in February, we had to have everything running to keep the lights on and the gas flowing everything. The coal units, the nuclear units, the wind farms, the solar, everything had to be operating given the demands that we saw. So to the contrary, I think the diversity of our fuel mix, just -- the way it performed and needed to perform for public safety, I think underscores the fact that we have to have a diverse fuel mix going forward. And clearly, we think we can maintain not only think we know we can maintain reliability by adding this amount of renewables, but it's possible because we have such efficient, strong dispatchable fossil units. So put that all together, and we can still achieve an 80% reduction in co2 and co2 emissions. So I hope that response to your question, Anthony.
GaleKlappa: No. I think it includes three things; retirement of older, less efficient units, some operating refinements on the ground, and essentially executing our capital plan to add the renewable mix that we're talking about. But no other technology needed. Pretty cool.
GaleKlappa: Possibly, yes, possibly. Certainly. Again, not, I wouldn't expect that to occur between now and 2025. But you never say never for eight or nine or 10 years out. So we will see but yes.
GaleKlappa: Well, we've got -- the truth of matter is the absolute preponderance of our emissions, our co2 emissions are obviously coming from the operation of our generating fleet, we'll step back. So basically, the goal really just covers the generation fleet. We'll step back and look at our other operations as well. But we have an aggressive program over the course of the next few years, Kevin to add electric vehicles to our to field fleet.
GaleKlappa: Now we're including some things from the past. And I think the key to look at there is the additional $1.5 billion that we will still allocate to this segment between now and the end of 2025. And of course, we're way ahead of schedule, which is good news.
KevinFletcher: Gale just underscore that we are a bit ahead of schedule. But again, as I said in prepared remarks, there will be more to come because there are other opportunities out there that we're evaluating. So stay tuned.
KevinFletcher: Yes, Gale, if you look at the MISO, it was long transmission plans, they suggest a $30 billion to $100 billion potential transmission investment over that 10 to 20 year period that Gale mentioned, we'll know more about that later in the year, but certainly that's good for ATC and for us.
KevinFletcher: Oh, that's exactly right, Gale. And we'll continue to do evaluate that over time, and as more vehicles are become available, especially on the commercial side, then our shifting over to EV and our fleets in warehouse equipment will continue as well. But we do have those targets established now.
MichaelLapides: Hey, guys, thank you for taking my question. I have a couple just I want to make sure I understand some of the environmental targets you're trying to hit. Is what you're basically saying, Gale, or Kevin is that you think by the end of 2025, the only remaining coal plants you'll probably have still operating or the old Oak Creek plant, the Elm Road plant that's part of power the future? And maybe Western 4 and everything else probably shut down by then.
MichaelLapides: Got it. Okay. And then, I guess my second question is, when you're thinking about the non regulated the energy infrastructure segment, it seems that you've had a lot of opportunities to come in and kind of buy projects from developers. Just curious how that landscape is changing, if at all, given the fact that lot of your peers, you were an early mover, but lots of your peers among the large cap regulated utilities in the Midwest. They're all kind of trying to compete and buy a lot of the same projects as well. So I'm just curious if returns on that business are being competed downward, given the factor more bidders, whether it's Amerens or AEPs or some of your other neighbors, or whether just the landscape is so big, there's so many projects we haven't gotten to that point yet.
MichaelLapides: No, that's super helpful. And last point, my kids will hate me for saying this because they're Knicks fans, and they play each other tonight, but Go Grizz.
MichaelLapides: He is a great guy. And he's been -- this year has been a little tough, but they'll turn it. It's early, we got some time.
