Allen L. Leverett: Thank you, Scott. I think, overall, we're solidly on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.
Allen L. Leverett: Okay. Greg, so, if I could, let me answer your second question, and then Scott, I'm going to ask you maybe to give Greg a little bit of color about the types of projects that we're advancing. So, Greg, on your second question, you should not assume that the increases that we're making in the 2016 and 2017 spending would result in a corresponding decrease in the later years, because we're also revaluating those later years. So, Scott, if you could, maybe just give Greg a little more background about some of the things that we're advancing.
Allen L. Leverett: Well, I would say at this point, I mean, if you take it sort of – if you look at what happened with the hybrids in the first quarter, that was in our annual plan. It was just uncertain as to when in the year it would occur. So that certainly would not represent a pickup versus the financial plan. I think another significant driver, Scott, was related to fuel recoveries in Wisconsin where we had positive fuel recoveries in the first quarter. But our assumption for the year, Greg, would be that we would just be fully recovered. So I think given those two things, I would say that we're sort of more at the middle of our range. And as I look at it, we're sort of neutral against our financial plan. If you adjust for the items in the first quarter that I either expect would reverse in the case of the fuel recoveries or I had already included in the annual plan, it was just an uncertainty about the timing.
Allen L. Leverett: Well, I think it in terms of the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin staff, they're okay with it, and they've indicated that to us in writing that they're in agreement with it. So, at this point, Steve, the commission itself, they don't have to take any action at all for there not to be a rate case. So, my expectation at this point, as I was saying in the prepared remarks, my expectation would be, we wouldn't file a case for base rates in 2017 – for 2017. However, I would expect, Steve, that in August, we would do a fuel filing for 2017 rates, and say more likely than not we might see a slight reduction in the fuel rate, but we'll have to look at our numbers when we file in August.
Allen L. Leverett: No. I didn't say subject to approval. I said subject to any PSC action. And so, just to be clear, they don't have to take any affirmative action here. So, if they do nothing, which would be my expectation, they wouldn't take an action, we wouldn't have a rate case.
Allen L. Leverett: Right. So, when we went through the process with the merger approval, we talked about the ability to get what we felt would be reasonably significant cost savings and we're seeing those materialize. And so that allows us to freeze base rates, which we think is a benefit to customers.
Allen L. Leverett: So, Scott, I think I'll let you, maybe based on the earnings package just give Jonathan a little bit of background. But I will say this, Jonathan, if you look across the Integrys companies, I think we really have these companies on track to all earn their allowed rates of return. So that's part of the difference that you saw as compared to the first quarter of 2015.
Allen L. Leverett: Well, I guess, you used the baseball analogy. So, I'd say we are probably in the third inning, and I think there is a fair amount of additional work that we can do.
Allen L. Leverett: Well, typically the cycle in Wisconsin every two years, of course you do a case for the next – for the next year, and then known and significant (33:24) for the year after that. So this was our year typically to bring the companies in, and we've had – we had discussions with the staff. And we said look, we believe because of the benefits we're seeing from the merger that we're just going to freeze rates. And if we have increased cost in other areas, we're going to offset that with the benefits of the merge and we're just going to freeze base rates. So the – basically the avenue for the discussions was this very regular cycle to file rate cases. And so, we work through that avenue and talk with the staff and it's something that they were agreeable. And it's kind of interesting, Paul, as a part of when we're doing the merger proceedings, many people talked about as a proposal doing a rate freeze. So, now we're actually seeing the base rate freeze for 2017 in Wisconsin.
Allen L. Leverett: Sure, and let me sort of start and then I'll let Scott or Jim fill in any detail. So I think what you're referring to Paul is, at Wisconsin Public Service related to the ReACT project, and when Wisconsin Public Service went through their last rate case, so this was the rate case that was decided late last – late 2015 or 2016 rates. So they included in rates I believe at a $275 million level, the cost of the ReACT project. And so, we expect that the final cost of that project will be in a range of $335 million to $345 million. So, essentially what they would allow us to do with this accounting order is to differ in effect the impacts of the return off and on for that additional investment above $275 million. So, Scott..
Allen L. Leverett: Right. Well, you know as I mentioned earlier, about two-thirds of the impact is the bonus depreciation. So about two-thirds of the $1 billion is in 2016 and 2017. So, other than the second order effects associated with getting bonus depreciation on this additional property, I guess, we've identified $500 million of roughly $670 million. So I guess that's pretty late innings in terms of identifying offsets in 2016 and 2017. So I would say that Julien that the majority of our focus as we work through the rest of the year, up to when we have the November Finance Conference, the majority of our focus is going to be in the later years. And, Scott, I don't know if there is any other detail.
Allen L. Leverett: Yeah. And I think one thing Julien that maybe to give you a sense for how broadly we are looking, let's just take, for example, and this is not included in any of 2016 or 2017 numbers that we talked about, but one of the things we talked about a lot, although in Illinois and in Michigan, our gas utilities there actually own some gas storage, in Wisconsin, our gas utilities to my knowledge have never owned gas storage. They've always leased it. And, we think that it would make more sense to have a mix of owned storage as well as the leased storage. So I think that would be a nice opportunity – investment opportunity for the company. But we think it would also be beneficial for customers. So, we're trying to think broadly about what those capital opportunities might be, Julien. I hope that helps.
Allen L. Leverett: Well, it certainly contributes, but I think far and away the reason why we can freeze rates is because of the cost savings that we're seeing from the combination of the companies. But, you're right, I mean the accelerated depreciation impact acts as a bit of an uplift if you will also.
Allen L. Leverett: Yeah. As we know more, I mean, that's certainly something we can chat about either on the call or a future call or at EEI.
Allen L. Leverett: Well, in terms of the briefing that I received from Mike Rowe who is the CEO out at ATC, what he has told me is, basically if you look at the local economy, integrating the operations of the utilities is a benefit regardless of what the price of oil is, regardless of how low or how high. There is a benefit of integrating those utilities because they're certainly not integrated at all at the level that you would see in the continental United States. So there are big benefits with that regardless of the price of oil. And sort of, I guess, ironically, the low oil prices actually mean that the companies in Alaska might actually look a little more to ATC to provide the capital for the transmission projects. So I would say, worst case, the oil prices are sort of a neutral and although it sounds a little strange, the lower prices might actually mean that marginally ATC might be called on to make a bit more of the investment that's required.
Allen L. Leverett: Right. Well, I think as you look at -- of course, Power the Future, I guess, you could think of it, if you just looked at the new generation that was being built. I mean, that was sort of, as it turned out, a roughly seven to eight-year program. So, as you say, that's in the past. As we look at sort of what's coming up, we've got some programs like the AMRP program in Illinois, which we're probably looking at decades long. I mean, you're looking at programs that are ongoing for 20 to 25 years at least. So we've got some programs that we think will be around a lot longer, even longer than Power the Future. We've got others that were kind of shorter in nature, and we talk some about the ERP project in Wisconsin. But I would say overall, Vedula, I mean, I think we easily have a runway of 10 or more years of capital investment that we think will benefit customers, in the case of Chicago, like a huge upgrade in safety. So I would say it's at least 10 years. But now it's really multiple programs in multiple states as opposed to being a single program and one and only in one state. I hope that helps.
Allen L. Leverett: Yeah. And maybe, Scott, why don't you cover the cash flow question? But I would say, Vedula, I mean, clearly the situation with volume growth, be it electric or natural gas, it's going to be a bit of a headwind, which is why I think having the merger is beneficial to us, because we can generate some more cost savings to help deal with those headwinds. But Scott, why don't you give Vedula some background on the cash.
Allen L. Leverett: All right. Well, that concludes our conference call today. Thank you for participating. If you have any more questions, please contact Beth Straka or Colleen Henderson in our Investor Relations office.
Scott J. Lauber: Sure. Just to give you a few examples, over these last couple of months, we looked across the enterprise. And for example, we are looking and we are going to implement a neat – updating our ERP system, the general ledger, consolidations, so that part of the general ledger and that could be up to $100 million. Another example is, we looked at Wisconsin, the gas and electric distribution system, and we're increasing that about $150 million on value-added customer projects. And then, another area when we look at, in Illinois, we have a large gas storage facility, underground storage in Illinois, and we're going to spend about $35 million over the next couple of years, looking at safety reliability within that storage field. So, basically across the enterprise found some good projects to bring up and move forward into this period.
Scott J. Lauber: We looked at this at a very, very high level trying to take out all the acquisition adjustments and adjusting really just for the shares outstanding. It was about $0.53 – $0.52, $0.53.
Scott J. Lauber: So, also when we look at it, we had a full-year rate case at PGL. So, at our Illinois utility, there was a rate case that was effective I think in February of last year. So, we had a full rate earnings in there. We also had a rate case at Wisconsin Public Service, so that was also an increase. And remember, there's two pieces to the Wisconsin Public Service there was an overall it looked flat, but one of that was a fuel, but there was a base rate increase, so that came through. Once again, Allen talked about the fuel – the positive recovery in fuel and some of that was in the Wisconsin Public Service area too compared to prior year. We also had rate cases that were implemented at our smaller gas utilities in Michigan and Minnesota, both of those had rate increases this last year. So, basically getting the rate increases in, getting the cost control in, and getting on a path to get to the full return at all the utilities.
Scott J. Lauber: That's a great question. April is a transition month and so, in April, we're not really getting a lot of gas sales. It does help the gas a little bit. But on the electric side, April is a month when you get that commercial industrial buildings that actually uses some air conditioning. So, having a mile month here, we really don't – we see that little more of a down on our earnings more from the electric side not picking in yet than the gas side picking up the offset.
Scott J. Lauber: So, as we look at that in the O&M, and remember when you look at the O&M line, there's a lot more than just the O&M that's in the – what I would say, into the operations, there is O&M as it relates to regulatory amortizations, O&M that's related to the different riders. So, overall when we look at the O&M, we did have the savings that we had forecasted in with our – with the acquisition. When you look at – break back the different pieces, I would say on Wisconsin Electric, the O&M was up just a tad as it relates to a couple of storms we had in the area, and we accelerate a little bit of our forestry program because of the mild temperatures. We haven't specifically said what our O&M guidance is in the acquisition savings but overall when you look at it, it's probably O&M when you factored all the different stuff about 2% to 3% less than if you look at the combined adding up the simple O&M from the prior companies...
Scott J. Lauber: Yeah. That's correct. There's – I think as a total, there is three of them. The ReACT is the main one. The other two were some deferrals that specifically in the order they ended in December of 2016 and we said well, if we're going to be out for a year we just need the same accounting treatment in 2016 and in 2017, just to extend them into 2017.
Scott J. Lauber: Yeah. So, exactly the majority will be in the later years. We also are working on making sure we have all the resources and efficiently for 2017 spending, get everything lined up to put due to spending in. So, we will be working on those later years this summer.
Scott J. Lauber: Yeah. In looking at our cash and remember we said in our prepared remarks and just lately, we said in our prepared remarks, we are not issuing any equity. Part of the acquisition reasons were to invest in good utility projects. So we are investing in utility projects that are very needed for the infrastructure. When you look at 2016 and 2017, we are not cash flow positive, but we also look at our consolidated debt to capital ratio and our consolidated holding company debt. And the holding company debt as a percent of total debt is about 28%, consistent with our projections, and we see that continuing to be there. So we are not cash flow positive, but we are not issuing any equity, and that's for the 2016 and 2017 timeframe, and we'll look at our projections as we go forward as we look at our capital plans in the future.
