Gale Klappa: Rick, thank you very much. Overall, we’re on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.
Gale Klappa: Very good question, Greg. Let me first back up and talk about the policy that our board has adopted. As you will recall, our payout ratio because we had such a very solid use for our cash generation in investing in the Power the Future units, our payout ratio among utilities that do pay a dividend, is and remains one of the lowest payout ratios in the industry. Clearly now, as Power the Future is behind us, we want to become more competitive with our peers in terms of the dividend payout ratio. So, as we looked at our earnings profile and our cash generation over the next five years in our analysis, we believe we could afford, while maintaining very solid credit ratings. We could afford to move to a roughly 60% payout ratio and trend toward that 60% payout ratio by the year 2015. In our analysis, we said that that would support roughly an 8% to 9% annual dividend increase every year between now and 2015. Clearly, our cash generation is better this year than we projected, as you saw in Rick’s numbers on our debt-to-total cap, we continue to improve, and it was pretty clear to us that we could afford to move a little quicker in implementing that policy. So the policy remains same right now, of moving toward a 60% and trending toward a 60% payout ratio in 2015, is just we can move quicker with the strength of the underlying cash flows and the strength of the underlying earnings. And so, we will recommend to the board a 13% to 15% dividend increase for 2012, and then beyond that, we still believe we can support a roughly 8% annual dividend increase through 2015. I hope that responds to your question, Greg.
Gale Klappa: A very good question Greg. We had mentioned in previous calls and in one-on-one conversations that we would have to reduce O&M expenses in many parts of the business next year to basically come close to earning our allowed rate of return at and still have flat base rates for our customers, and yes we’ve worked diligently to put those O&M plans in place and I think we are on track to deliver our end of the bargain.
Gale Klappa: Well, there are a couple of offsetting drivers; one of course is, we had a very good handle on how much O&M we were going to have to reduce and we are putting and finalizing the plans to do so. Then the second of course is with the shape of the plan that we put in place and we were basically going to get recovery on the $1.3 billion of new utility investment that will be coming into service next year. So, those two drivers I think are very important drivers to us achieving close to our allowed rate of return.
Gale Klappa: He is the real deal. I think actually, Jim he is the most intelligent quarter back in the NFL bargain, you see really is the real deal.
Gale Klappa: Well, we have – as you know we’ve made public I believe our specific capital expenditure program for ‘12 and I think for ‘13 as well. You can see in the public material are specific ‘12 and ’13. For ’14 and ’15, obviously we are still putting the final details in place and working through our specific capital spend plan for ’14 and ’15, but we have said that ’11 through ’15 is about $3.4 billion capital spending at our company.
Gale Klappa: Very good question, Jim and we look at it really very simply and that is what is the best after tax return for our shareholders. What is the best use of our cash? And the answer to that is what provides the best after tax return for our shareholders. So clearly the number one priority would be to invest in solid utility projects where there is a need and clearly we cannot, should not, and will not propose a utility project that’s not needed for reliability or for customer growth or for safety and regulation and continued safe operation of the system. But as you can see we have about $3.4 billion of those kinds of utility projects on the horizon between 2011 and 2015. So number one use of the cash is to continue to be the most reliable utility in the country. Second then after that is asking the same question, what is the best after tax return for our shareholders, within the parameters of maintaining our credit ratings. And we simply drive our decisions off of that question. Right now, if the share price that we’ve been able to buy back share so far, Rick mentioned $30.32 a share on average. That still provides a better after tax return then paying a premium to lower our debt levels. So, we continue to look for appropriate utility projects. As you know, we have a list of other projects that we have on the horizon that we're looking at. Some of them would be outside the utility for example, if the state decided to try to put up for sale some of the state owned power plants, we would view that as a potential solid utility investment perhaps outside the rate base. But in general terms to Jim kind of how we look at the business and how we try to deploy the cash.
Gale Klappa: Give a shot, Mike. I think we will ask Steve Dickson our Controller to take the first shot at it here.
Gale Klappa: The guys are right, Michael, all but about $50 million or $60 million in that range of the AFUDC you are seeing on the income statement is attributable to projects that would be going into service next year.
Gale Klappa: You are right and there is one other category of revenue change. It is modest, but that will be from our wholesale business, that’s the FERC regulated business.
Gale Klappa: Sure. Let me get back to that specific number for you. The interim self implement that we would propose to self implement in January is $7.7 million on an annual basis, the total rate increased filing is $17.5 million.
Gale Klappa: There will be the adjustment that Steve just talked about when the rate plan goes into effect. But in terms of strict operational O&M, we probably have to pull more than $20 million of O&M costs out of the company next year compared to this year’s O&M spend in order to reach close to our ROE target.
Gale Klappa: We really have a really solid management team focused on effective cost controls and it is 100 little things across virtually every aspect of the company. There is now one big item. We are just being more productive and more effective in our spending and literally it’s across every area of the company.
Gale Klappa: No, but we have said as you know, that we believe we will be able to grow at about 5% average annual EPS growth through 2015, and the base as Rick and I have emphasized, is really the midpoint of our July guidance, which was $2.12 a share.
Gale Klappa: I appreciate the question Andy. Obviously we are open and continue to look at what might make sense in terms of mergers, acquisitions, consolidation. We have very specific criteria that we believe need to be applied to any particular potential situation and that is that we would want any acquisition that we would make to be a credit neutral accretive to earnings per share at least by the end of the first year, and have a long-term growth rate at least equal to what we believe our long-term growth rate looks like. So those are the criteria that we apply and frankly, if – I think those criteria are very important, because if you don’t adhere to those criteria, my own view is you are not creating shareholder value. So Rick and Al and I are very related to those criteria. And then beyond that there has to be a willing seller and a willing buyer. So, we are certainly not for our growth plans and for our continuing effort to deliver shareholder value. We are not counting on any potential merger or acquisition.
Gale Klappa: I’d be happy to Jay, a very good question. First of all, I would caution you a little bit about looking quarter-to-quarter sequentially because some of our larger customers like for example, the iron ore mines. They might have planned outages for their own maintenance at different times in the year and I know for example, Rick and I were talking about this the other day. Our September, individual month of September industrial sales were impacted by the fact that the mines took a planned outage earlier this year than they did last year. So, I think it's more instructive to look at a bit longer period of time, like a half or three quarters. When you look at that, industrial sales – we were I think appropriately cautious about our projections for growth in industrial sales, but we’re not seeing any substantial weakening and the sectors that I mentioned in the prepared script, iron ore mining, specialty steel and metal fabrication, production of industrial machinery, paper and printing, they are continuing to show some growth. Then in addition to that, I’ve been very encouraged. We’ve had a number of expansions in relocation announcements in the Milwaukee region in the last few weeks and I know from personal involvement there are more to come. So, we see some traction in terms of the industrial sector of the economy here. Again, nothing robust but steady and I think cautiously optimistic for continued modest growth.
Gale Klappa: It’s probably a decent starting point. And again we are refining all of that and we will take our full blown and fully developed plan to the board in early December, but that’s a good starting point, Jay.
Gale Klappa: Well, I think actually there is good news here on the horizon for our customers. We have spent Carl, since 2003, $7.8 billion on upgrading the energy infrastructure of this region. It was badly needed. And today, we have an infrastructure in place that can actually support economic growth in this state and this region. So, that’s for starters and that has driven that $7.8 billion of spend has driven about 4% average annual rate increases for our customers in base rates for getting fuel.
Gale Klappa: Yeah, Rick is making a great point, Carl. You have seen estimates across the industry of the billions and billions of dollars literally that companies are projecting they are going to have to spend to meet these new EPA regulations. Our estimate is less than $100 million and it’s because we are positioned well. So, the trajectory of rate increases by the other utilities, particularly in the Eastern U.S. is going to be far greater than ours.
Gale Klappa: Dan, nothing goofy has been going on in Madison lately. You must be out of town.Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin: What do you mean, we’ve had occupy Madison here for nearly a year. They’re just getting started in New York.
Gale Klappa: Goodness, well Dan, we’re going to see you in Florida.Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin: Yeah, I’ll be down there.
Gale Klappa: Now, lot of it I think – well to some degree yes because we have this capacity in service but a lot of that was driven by a very hot summer.
Gale Klappa: Yeah, so they would be in the wholesale line.Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin: Okay, that’s all I had. Thanks.
Gale Klappa: We’re doing fine.Ted Hine – Point State Capital: Great. Gale, I wanted to see if I could just ask, try to reconcile some comments you have made. The first was, I think in question that Greg asked. I believe you said, that you expected to have to grow the dividend at 8% to 9% off of the 11 base through 15 to get to a 60% payout ratio. 
Gale Klappa: I appreciate the question Ted. First of all, we are not prepared today to give you 2015 guidance. But I think we can give you some insight, by just kind of recasting our situation. What we have said is, we would propose the Board for 2012 a dividend increase in the range of 13% to 15%, and then, we still believe given our analysis of our financial condition and our cash generation, that we could grow the dividend beyond that by about 8% a year for ’13,’14 and ‘15Ted Hine – Point State Capital: Okay.
Gale Klappa: Does that help Ted?Ted Hine – Point State Capital: That’s helpful. And then I guess just to clarify what you said to Andy, you did say that you expect to have around 5%-ish growth off of the $2.12 base.
Gale Klappa: That’s what Rick keeps telling me. No, that’s our plan.Ted Hine – Point State Capital: Great, thanks a lot. See you guys down in Florida.
Gale Klappa: We try but that is more of an art than a science as you know, Michael but I will say this, we’re beginning to see two distinct patterns develop here this year. One is residential electricity use particularly in the shoulder months where it is much more convenient if you will to conserve. We’re beginning to see more conservation than one had expected in the past in those shoulder months. So residential demand for electricity in terms of kilowatt hour sales is down more than we projected it to be but the other offsetting pattern has been the stronger use in the commercial sector in offices, stores and other non-manufacturing firms. So when you put the two together, the upside in commercial and the downside in residential, they've about offset each other in terms of our forecast.
Gale Klappa: That’s a really good question. We have scratched our head about the stronger than expected growth in commercial. The only thing I can point to, is that the unemployment rate in Wisconsin and in Metro Milwaukee, as of the latest data is 7.6%. And as you know, with unemployment below the national average, that differential between where we are in the national average, is probably made up of a lot of small businesses. So I think we have got a little bit more employment here in our small businesses, given the lower unemployment rate than perhaps some other regions.
Gale Klappa: That does conclude our conference call for today. Thank you again for taking part. If you have any other questions, Colleen Henderson will be available. I am told, she has her own version of the black book, at 414-221-2592. Thanks everybody. See you soon.
Jim Von Riesemann – UBS: Well, couple of questions for you, the first one is on CapEx, your disclosures throughout the year, you talked about declining CapEx trends through 2013. But as you look out towards say 2014 and beyond what do you see is the general trend there.
Jim Von Riesemann – UBS: So basically there is no change and we can expect may be 725 and around that figure for ’14 and ’15 correct.
Jim Von Riesemann – UBS: Okay, second question that was a follow-up to Greg’s question can you talk a little bit more about your philosophy on how you think about your cash reinvestment. So if you would could you frame your response, how you think about rate based investments, dividends and buybacks and what makes you buyback stocks and say two times book value versus redeploying is elsewhere.
Steve Dickson: I would say this year if you look at our AFUDC, the two big items relate to the air quality control system and Glacier Hills. Glacier Hills, I think Gale said should be in at the very beginning of the year, so we should have no AFUDC on that and then the air quality will be going in early 2012. So, I can’t give you an exact amount on this, but there will be a significant reduction in AFUDC. And then on top of that we will have additional AFUDC on Domtar.
Steve Dickson: You are absolutely right. Absolutely flat this year third quarter compared to third quarter in 2010.
Steve Dickson: Just some thoughts what Rick said sales for resale more than doubled and again we have the capacity. Here was the hot summer, so we have to sell but the margin on that is very, very low.
Steve Dickson: I think the amortizations relate to the regulatory assets, unless they are factored into the rate base.
Rick Kuester: But Domtar started Michael at the middle of the year. I think originally we had planned on spending about $100 million. We ended up, I think, spending closer to or expect to spending closer to $60 million this year. So, the effect on AFUDC from Domtar is relatively minor compared to the other two projects.
Rick Kuester: Travis, we look at what is the best use of funds, as Gale talked earlier. And as you know, we took out some holding company debt earlier this year and we continue to evaluate on an ongoing basis, how to optimize the capital structure. We view the preferreds as cost effective financing for us.
Rick Kuester: I just add one other thing Gale is, I think the only thing that’s important – part of that $7.8 billion investment was significant investment in air quality control systems. And as we look at our position in the industry, we believe that we got a lot of that spending behind us. As we look forward while their impacts are on EPA rules, such as the CSAPR Rules or the 316(b) rules, we believe that our spending is really going to be relatively modest compared to many in the industry. So, I think cost relative to others, other jurisdictions, I think we are in pretty good shape.
Rick Kuester: Well, that’s a great point for you, but it’s not necessarily a point for the public service commission. The commissions around the country have been cutting ROEs right and left as I am sure you are well aware. The most recent quarter was reported by RRA, the average ROE granted in the proceeding there was 10.2 and that’s coming down. It’s not going up and there has been some good work done by some of my colleagues in terms of the effect that, that might have and what does it mean as you get half a percentage point less and you’re allowed ROE than you did the last time around and that kind of thing. So, you’re going to have to watch it obviously and I’m sure you’re because you grow up with watching details very closely and I’m sure you're maintaining that even though you moved home.
Rick Kuester: Well, I want to add while Allen is looking at something. We’ve got a second Oak Creek unit. So we've got more base load capacity available to sale in market, Dan.
Rick Kuester: We feel since modest or very slight customer growth in the retail sector too. I think – we used to grow about 1% a year. We’re probably 0.1% something like that now.
Rick Kuester: The first Unit, tie in starts this year. We got a fairly major outage this year, to tie the first unit in, and then they extend this over the first half of next year. So the unit will be coming in service, I would say roughly, half would be in April, half would be in June-July.
Allen Leverett: Yeah, I don’t have any forecast for you, Paul specially; if you put that 345 KV segment in, and it’s a relatively short transmission segment, I certainly don’t have any you know specific forecast of what that would do to basis differential. It is forecasted to go into service I believe in 2014.
Allen Leverett: Yeah, so that sort of timeframe, but I do think based on the forecast that I have seen that we would see, you know, it always depends on what actual market conditions are but the long run models would indicate that there would be a pretty quick payback for our customers in terms of fuel savings for the investment that’s going into that line. So, it’s a relatively modest cost. I would expect a very quick payback, but I don’t have anything that would say, okay, in terms of dollar per megawatt hour differential change, I don’t have anything of that nature, Paul.
Allen Leverett: Yes, that’s right because what happens often now because of limitations in the transmission system, in effect you sort of get shut in. You can’t run the units up to where they otherwise would have been without transmission constrains, so kind of bridging back to Steve Dickson’s response to I think may be Dan’s questions – Dan Jenkin’s question. We would hope to be able to do more sales, off system sales, get a little more margin that could then go against customer fuel cost, retail customer fuel cost.
