Gale Klappa: Oh, my goodness, wonders never cease. Peter, thank you so much for dropping by, and congratulations from all of us to the world champion, Milwaukee Bucks. And I'm not sure I can top all of that, but no pun intended, let's give it a shot. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today as we review our results for the second quarter of 2021. First, I'd like to introduce the members of our management team. Here with me today, we have Kevin Fletcher, our President, and CEO, Scott Lauber, our Chief Operating Officer; Xia Liu, our Chief Financial Officer, and Beth Straka, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. As you saw from our news release this morning, we reported second quarter 2021 earnings of $0.87 a share.  Xia will provide you with more details in just a few minutes. But given our strong performance through the first half of this year, we're raising our annual guidance. The new range is $4.02 a share to $4.05 a share. And our expectation is that we will reach the top end of that range. As always, this assumes normal weather for the remainder of the year. Now, as we look across our business lines, I'm pleased to report that every segment is performing at a high level. Our Companies continue to deliver superior reliability and customer satisfaction.  The solid economic recovery in Wisconsin with commercial and industrial expansion gives us confidence in our projected sales growth. Our balance sheet is strong. We have no need to issue new equity to fund our ESG progress plan. And our plan is well on track for both our regulated and our infrastructure segments. You may know we expect our ESU progress plan to drive average annual growth in our asset base of 7%. At the same time, it's bolstering our sustainability as we invest in renewable energy and state-of-the-art technology.  A good example of our progress is the announcement we made just a week ago, about a $400-million investment in the Sapphire Sky Wind Energy Center. Scott will provide you with more detail on this development in just a moment. But I'll tell you that the offtake agreement is with one of the largest high-tech companies in the world, and we expect the project to meet or exceed all of our financial metrics. We've also made great progress on our plan to build 1800 megawatts of regulated solar, wind, and battery storage.  This carbon-free asset will play a significant role in improving our environmental footprint. Recall that back in May, we set near-term goals that are among the most ambitious in the industry. Reducing carbon emissions by 60% from our electric generation fleet by 2025 and achieving an 80% reduction by the end of 2030, both from a 2005 baseline. Going ahead, that we now expect only 8% of our regulated electricity supply to come from coal by the end of 2030. We believe we can accomplish these targets with the retirement of older, less efficient units, operating refinements, and the use of existing technology as we execute our ESG progress plan.  Of course, our long-term goal remains net 0 carbon emissions from our generating fleet by 2050. And our ongoing effort to upgrade our gas delivery networks and introduce renewable natural gas into our system will help us achieve another aggressive goal, net 0 methane emissions by 2030. You can learn more about these goals and much more in our corporate responsibility report, which we published just last week. And now let's switch gears a bit and take a quick look at our [general] (ph) economy. We're still seeing the positive effects of a strong recovery. Wisconsin's unemployment rate, in fact, stands today at 3.9%. Folks, that's 2 full percentage points better than the national average.  As I mentioned, business continues to grow with new projects across the region. For example, Milwaukee Tool is expanding the operations again here in Milwaukee. If you're not familiar with Milwaukee Tool, the company has been a leader in the development of battery-powered cordless tools. It now has become the world's number one producer of tools for professionals in the construction trades, utility sector, as well as for auto mechanics.  And now, Milwaukee Tool is redeveloping a vacant downtown office tower to provide space for 1,200 new employees over the next 5 years. In addition, a number of other economic development projects are in the pipeline, and we'll be covering those with you in future calls. On that note, I'll turn our call over to Scott for more detail on our sales results for the quarter, as well as an update on our infrastructure segments. Scott, all yours.
Gale Klappa: Xia, thank you very much. In addition to raising our annual guidance, we are reaffirming our projection of long-term earnings growth of 5% to 7% a year with a strong bias toward the upper half of that range. And finally, a quick reminder about our dividend. As you may recall, in January, our Board of Directors raised the quarterly dividend by 7.1% to C/67.75 a share. We continue to target a payout ratio of 65% to 70% of earnings.  We're in the middle of that range now. So, I expect our dividend growth will continue to be in line with the growth in our earnings per share. Overall ladies and gentlemen, we're on track, focused on providing value for our customers and our stockholders. Operator, we're ready now to open it up for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Gale Klappa: Well, I think we always thought that getting something done reasonably quickly was a very long shot in Illinois. The one thing that I think stands out post the public discussion of the impasse between the parties is it both the Governor and the Senate majority leader have essentially urged the parties to continue talking.  We'll see what happens. But again, very little impact on gas distribution companies in Illinois. This is a major focus if you -- as you know, particularly on Exelon and on nuclear power plants. Pass or not, agreement or not, there's really no material impact on our company, on Peoples Gas or North Shore Gas in Illinois.
Gale Klappa: Well, we're very aware of the approach that Alliant took, and could it be a template for going forward? It certainly could be. It's an interesting approach. I think it's a balanced approach. And certainly, something we'll be taking a look at. As you know, we're planning to retire the older units at our Oak Creek site.  Units 5, 6, 7, and 8. 1960s vintage units, we're planning to retire those. We've announced the retirements in 2023 and 2024. We have plenty of time to continue to work with all the parties involved. But yes, it was a very interesting approach to a settlement and one that really could make a lot of sense going forward.
Gale Klappa: Sure. We have a number of maintenance projects planned for the back half of the year. And also, as Sean mentioned, we have some 6 million, 7 million of reasonably extraordinary costs just last week for repair from serious storms that took out over 100,000 customers in Northern Wisconsin and had 6 tornadoes in a line between the Western Milwaukee suburbs and Madison.  We had some extraordinary costs in July, which influenced the range of guidance that Xia gave you for the third quarter. But again, there are numerous projects that we have lined up for the fourth quarter for O&M. I still believe that we will -- our day-to-day O&M will be down for the year. But we certainly have an opportunity to really carry out some very, very good maintenance that will help us for 2022.
Gale Klappa: That was our previous expectation, and certainly a goal we could hit. But as we look at some of the extraordinary storm costs and other work, again, we believe it will be down. It may not be down 2% to 3%, but that doesn't mean that the trajectory is still long-term, not in place. It still is. It's just a matter of looking at a 6-month period if you will.
Gale Klappa: Many of the larger projects that we've been referring to, the larger economic development projects, are now under construction. We wouldn't necessarily expect a big uptick in 2022 from those projects, although there will be some. But really, it's 2023 and 2024, and beyond, where we'll see the big impact from some of the economic development projects.  But I would say as we look at the landscape, again, you go back to the tailwind of the economic recovery in Wisconsin, which has been very strong. Scott detailed the big uptick in large commercial and industrial demand. And Scott, I think one of the more encouraging things to me on the natural gas side of the business is we continue to see very strong customer growth.
Gale Klappa: I do think we have to see how the variant continues to spread. Many companies were planning on a significant return to the office, if you will, in September. We and others have now pushed that off till October at the earliest. So that could have some short-term impact, but overall, as Scott said, we feel very, very positive about our projections for demand growth for both gas and electricity.
Gale Klappa: Yes, we have now seen publicly the Commission staff memo on the subject, and usually the Commission will vote -- post them -- publication of the staff memo on it -- on any matter like this, within a matter of weeks. So, I would expect within just a matter of weeks, we will have a committee vote on the stay-out proposal. And again, the -- overall the staff memo was just fine.
Gale Klappa: Well, at the present time -- you looked at copper, for example, it was elevated 4, 5, 6 months ago and haven't -- haven't moved much since, for example. We're really frankly not seeing a ton of -- I think as we phrased it, really not a -- no significant impact so far. Now, part of that is because of the way we deal with our infrastructure segment and the fact that we have set prices with developers that have a very long history of being able to procure a very positive and constructive price.  So, on the infrastructure side, we haven't really seen any significant impact at all. On the regulated side, again, a lot of the projects that we have underway, procurement has already taken place. So not much at this stage of the game in terms of inflationary impact. Where we have seen some inflationary impact is actually in the natural gas commodity prices. We were up over $4 per million BTU just the other day.  So, there I think, with the glut of natural gas a bit disappearing across the country, I think we're going to see some elevated natural gas prices, certainly for winter -- the upcoming winter, but that's were, in my opinion, we're seeing the first kind of signs. And then in terms of the future, it's anybody's guess how sticky the inflation numbers are. But one of the things that I always tend to look at for what it's worth. Remember Milton Friedman said that inflation is, has been, and always will be a monetary phenomenon.  One of the things I think that we look at is essentially the growth of the money supply. And if you look at the growth of the money supply, it's already begun to taper off a little bit. It's still up, and up materially, but it's already begun to taper off a little bit. That gives me some hope that while we probably for the next year we'll see some elevated inflation numbers. Perhaps it's on its way to a more normal level.
Gale Klappa: Well, Jayhawk, maybe a month or two, no big deal. Thunderhead we ran into a problem with something called the American burying beetle, which has now been removed as I understand it from the endangered species list. Actually, the construction on Thunderhead is about done. It's a matter of the substation completing construction now that all of that has been worked through in terms of moving forward post the issue with the American burying beetle.
Gale Klappa: Well, the truth of the matter is, we have timed the size if you will, and the timing of our infrastructure segment investments over the 5-year period to match our tax position and the ability to monetize production tax credits. There's nothing though that would stand in the way of some modest additional acceleration of the investments. You're right, we are ahead of schedule with very high-quality projects.  Going forward, I know there's been a lot of discussion around the industry about lower returns, backlogs, and delays. But I would say, if you look at our pipeline of potential projects, it is still very robust. And we're working with potential projects and developers that have long successful track records. We don't see right now any diminution of the kind of projects that we're interested in for our infrastructure segment.  Or, and more importantly, we're not seeing any -- excuse me -- any significant diminution in returns. In fact, we mentioned, both Scott and I, that Sapphire Sky -- that has the potential to be one of the very best return projects we've ever had. So again, for us -- excuse me -- and for the segment, we're looking at, and for the highest quality projects with great developers, we feel very, very positive about our pipeline. I hope that responds to your question.
Gale Klappa: And one other point, our goal for 2030 of 80% reductions in carbon does not assume any conversion of the new Oak Creek units away from coal to natural gas. So that just gives you a sense of how effective we can be in continuing to reduce CO2 even with very efficient coal-fired units at the new Oak Creek site still in place.
Gale Klappa: And I think that's a great way to describe it. We have a lot of options with a very key asset again to reliability for the region.
Gale Klappa: No, it's pretty calm. I mean, it really is. And Kevin described the ALJ proposed order at North Shore Gas, one of our smallest Companies in Illinois, just agreed to a settlement of a rate case in Michigan for Michigan Gas Utilities. But other than that, and the normal course filings, it's pretty steady as she goes.
Gale Klappa: Yeah, that's a good point. We've made several multiple filings if you will, over the course of the first half of this year, to move forward with at 1,800 megawatts of wind and solar and battery storage regulated for Wisconsin. That's going well.
Gale Klappa: And to Scott 's point, there's a lesson here from what we're seeing around the country. And it's a lesson that I think all of us who have been around for a while truly believe in, and that is when you have to have it for reliability when lives are on the line when it's -42 without the windshield in Northern Wisconsin, diversity of fuel mix and dispatchability really make a difference.  And that's something we can't forget as an industry or as a Company. Reliability is the bedrock of what we do. Millions of lives were saved by the availability of natural gas this past winter in the northern part of the U.S. We're very cognizant of how important reliability is, and we'll continue to invest to maintain superior reliability.
Gale Klappa: Okay. All right. Well, we can certainly -- and Vedula if you want to try it again. Again, you broke up a few times and I apologize. We couldn't quite follow you.
Gale Klappa: Okay. Well, we can talk a bit about the growth of EVs. Again, we're very pleased. There will be, I think, a number of policy initiatives, both at the federal level, as you know, but also at the state level here in Wisconsin to try to encourage the penetration and customer ownership of EVs. And I see that as another investment opportunity for us.  As Kevin mentioned, we just had approved a pilot program that will allow us to offer cost-effective charging options for a range of customers, including some nonprofit customers, including government entities, et cetera, et cetera. So, we're on it in terms of trying to encourage the adoption of electric vehicles. And we'll see how this goes, but already, again, as Scott mentioned, we don't even have a final order written yet, and we have a number of interested parties, and we're already beginning substantive talks with folks on our EV pilot charging program. I hope, Vedula, that answers your question.
Gale Klappa: Okay. Terrific. Thank you Vedula. All right. Well, I think that covers the waterfront for today, folks. That concludes our conference call for this afternoon. Thank you so much for taking part. If you have more questions, feel free to contact Beth Straka. And she can be reached at 414-221-4539. Thank you, everybody. Take care.
Scott Lauber: Thank you, Gale. We continue to see customer growth across our system. At the end of June, our utilities were serving approximately 4,000 more electric customers and 18,000 more natural gas customers compared to a year ago. Retail electric and natural gas sales volumes are shown on a comparative basis, beginning on Page 13 of the earnings packet. Overall retail deliveries of electricity, excluding the iron ore mine, were up 7.1% from the second quarter of 2020. And on a weather-normal basis, were up 5.8%.  We are encouraged by the economic rebound we are seeing in our service territory. For example, small commercial and industrial electric sales were up 10.4% from last year's Second Quarter, and on a weather-normal basis were up 9.2%. Meanwhile, large commercial and industrial sales, excluding the iron ore mine, were up 14.8% from the second quarter of 2020. And on a weather-normal basis, were up 13.9%. Natural gas deliveries in Wisconsin were down 4.9%. This excludes gas used for power generation. And on a weather-normal basis, natural gas deliveries in Wisconsin grew by 2.5%.  Overall, our growth continues to track ahead of our forecast as the economy continues to open up. Turning now to our WEC Infrastructure segment. As Gale noted, we have agreed to acquire a 90% ownership interest in the Sapphire Sky Wind Energy Center. The project is being developed in McLean County, Illinois by Invenergy. The site will consist of 64 wind turbines for a combined capacity of 250 megawatts. We expect it will go into service late in 2022. The projects -- project fits our investment criteria very well. We plan to invest $412 million with a 90% ownership interest.  We now have 8 wind projects announced or in operation in our Infrastructure segment. This represents approximately $2.3 billion of investment. We expect to invest an additional $1.1 billion in this segment over the remainder of our 5-year plan. Our Jayhawk Wind Farm is projected to go into service by early next year and our Thunderhead Wind investment is now projected to go into service in the first half of 2022. These timelines have been factored into our forecast. In case you're wondering about the impact of inflation on these projects, to date, we have not encountered any significant inflationary pressure. Remember that we primarily invest in turnkey projects with developers. So, we are seeing no reduction of returns. With that, I will turn it over to Kevin for an update on our utility operations.
Scott Lauber: Yeah, that's exactly correct, Gale. We're seeing good customer growth, specifically on the gas side. But on the electric side too, we're hooking up a lot of new services on both gas and electric in Wisconsin and Michigan and Minnesota on the gas side also, so good growth. And the small commercial industrial really did well this quarter. But remember, it was compared to the first quarter of the pandemic last year, but very happy where the sales are right now.
Scott Lauber: I think you're exactly right, Gale. We've always had a tendency to be a little bit lower on those other years. And as Kevin mentioned in his prepared remarks, we're just seeing the start of the electric vehicle pilot we have. So, we already got some interest in that, and then we don't even have the order yet. So, I think there's a lot of opportunities ahead on the generation and the distribution side.
Scott Lauber: Yes. Thunderhead is going to be in the first half of next year. And then Jayhawk should be probably in the first quarter.
Scott Lauber: Yeah. The Commission will continue to look at the solar projects we have on the solar and battery projects so we can get approval on those and start implementing that.
Scott Lauber: No. I -- we were having extreme polar vortex years ago. We just didn't have the fancy name polar vortex; it was just cold. But I think you're just seeing more strain on the system across the enterprise or across the country. As -- like we saw in Texas and a variety -- I think are getting a lot more media time too.
