Gale E. Klappa: Terrific. Pat, thank you. Overall, we're solidly on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.
Gale E. Klappa: First of all, let me just reiterate, no expectation of additional equity, period. And then, in terms of the types of projects that we're seeing, we'll give you some really granular detail at the EEI Conference on the 10-year capital spending and on the uptick that we're seeing in the latter part of the decade. But let me just say, in general, we're seeing additional requirements, additional capital spending for upgrades and expansion particularly with natural gas in Wisconsin, and for that matter, in Minnesota. So, they're really infrastructure projects; they're the kinds of things we have been talking about. But as we looked across – as I mentioned, across the spectrum of projects now with the new combined company, we're really seeing infrastructure needs that are going to drive the capital spending higher. Now, if you recall, as we made the acquisition, we indicated that we would – our number one priority, if there were legitimate needed projects, would be to deploy some of our positive free cash flow to that type of investment. So, basically, what we're saying is that over the course of the last 120 days, as we've really refined our estimates and looked at the spectrum of projects, we're seeing higher capital spend out in those years, largely delivery networks, a lot of it gas.
Gale E. Klappa: The answer is certainly for this year and for the near term, I wouldn't expect any change in the capital projections for Peoples Gas. And from the standpoint – and let me explain. There are only so many streets you can dig up in Chicago at one time. So in essence, we are physically limited as to how much progress you can make in any given year in terms of the gas-main replacement program of those 2,000 miles of pipes under the streets of Chicago. So that – I mean, there's a governing factor that is driven mostly by just the physical capability of how many streets can you dig up and repair. That's number one. Number two, related to the fresh start, I mean, as you may recall, there was a Commission-mandated audit of the management of the program. It was a rather critical audit. The prior management had outsourced the management of this project, and we really felt like bringing in an experienced construction management team was very important to the future of the project and to managing that project well. And that team has looked at the project controls and all of the other issues that they found, and that's why we've decided to go back with a fresh start, with a whole new bottoms-up analysis, and you will see when we file publicly on November 30 what our long-term cost projections are and what our immediate priorities will be.
Gale E. Klappa: We can, off line, kind of give you some broad estimates, but we just don't have – I mean, we want to give you the right kind of answers. We just don't have that specificity in the room with us today. The entire brain thrust is here, but we don't have that kind of specificity.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, obviously, the short answer is no. However, there's going to be a lot of developments particularly towards the end of the year, and specifically related to whether or not Congress renews or extends bonus depreciation.
Gale E. Klappa: For many companies including ours, that's a very big number. Now, from a cash standpoint, we have not factored in the potential uptick of bonus appreciation, again, from a cash standpoint in 2016 or beyond. We're just very conservative from that standpoint. We're not going to make any assumptions until we see the legislation actually signed and in place. But those are very – those could be – that could be a very big swing.
Gale E. Klappa: Oh, gosh, yeah. I mean, the lion's share of our debt is absolutely fixed. You are correct. There are a couple of hybrid issuances, one at legacy WEC, one at Integrys, that could switch over in 2017 and 2016, 2017 for us, 2017 for legacy WEC, 2016 for Integrys that could switch over. But they switch over even if the Fed raised rates a little at incredibly low levels, like LIBOR plus 2.12%. I mean, so they're very competitive, if they do – when they do switch over.
Gale E. Klappa: We're looking at each other here. It's within the ballpark, maybe a hair high, but it's within the ballpark.
Gale E. Klappa: So, I wouldn't think you'd see dilution in Q4, but remember, one of the reasons why, Jonathan, we're focusing on legacy WEC performance for the remainder of the year is there are – as we go through purchase price accounting, as we go through transition costs, as we go through any remaining acquisition costs, which should be very small at this point, there are a lot of moving pieces and a lot of one-time things that affect the Integrys performance financially from a reporting standpoint in the fourth quarter. So, again, we think it's almost fruitless to try to give you a GAAP number, and to concentrate on the GAAP number for the Integrys performance in the fourth quarter. Having said that, January 1, 2016 is combined company rock and roll.
Gale E. Klappa: Absolutely not. You will see combined results. That's what we will focus on. That's what we report. And Jonathan, that's what our earnings guidance that Pat just gave you for 2016 is based on.
Gale E. Klappa: All right. And I appreciate you're asking the question. Let me clarify two or three very key points here. First of all, this was designed initially to be a 20-year program. When we walked into the door after the acquisition, there had been an estimate, a revised estimate made by the previous outsourced firm that the cost might rise to as much as, say, $8 billion over the 20-year period. I don't think the previous management had confidence in that estimate. We did not have confidence in that estimate. That's why we brought in our experienced team and another outside nationally known firm to basically take a complete bottoms-up review. Having said that, the legislation that enables this program to move forward with current and appropriate cost recovery caps the amount of capital spending on this program at roughly $250 million a year. From what I have seen personally over the last 120 days, it would be extremely difficult. I mentioned earlier there are only so many streets you can dig up, and you can't do a lot of this work in the dead of winter. So, from a weather standpoint and just a sheer congestion and major city standpoint, I don't think you could technically just physically spend much more than about $250 million a year anyway. So, I wouldn't make the assumption. I think it'd be an inappropriate assumption that we would be spending much more on that advanced main replacement program in any given year than $250 million to $300 million.
Gale E. Klappa: That'll solve the problem, exactly. I mean, there are – there's something called keyhole technology which we are experimenting with right now. But having said that, just the sheer logistics, I would still believe that given the weather constraints and the sheer logistics, we're probably physically capped at the $250 million to $300 million a year. Now, you asked, when are we going to see more specific estimates? Well, the date is November 30. We've promised the Illinois Commerce Commission that we will file on November 30, our longer-term cost estimates for the 20-year period. Now, as you know, trying to estimate precisely the cost of the construction program that is going to span 20 years, you know the only thing we're going to be is wrong. So, we will probably give a range of values. We'll probably have a low case, a medium case, and a high case. And then I would expect that what we will really focus on is, okay, those are projections but what are we going to do in the next three years to make the most progress in getting that natural gas delivery system as safe and efficient as possible? I think you'll see a broad range for a lengthy period of time, so low case, high case, medium case. And then we will really focus on what we plan to do in the next three years and what the cost of that is, and what the progress will be. And all of that look forward to November 30.
Gale E. Klappa: Now in terms of rate impact, and I think – I'm glad you asked that question. The legislation basically caps at that $250 million to $300 million a year. Caps consumer rate increases at an average of 4%. But it's very important to understand what that 4% is based on. That 4% is based on what we call base rates. So, base rates make up like less than a third of a residential customer's gas bill. The rest is the commodity. So we're not talking about tremendous rate pressure here. We're talking about 4% off of – we're talking about basically 4% on a third of the total customer bill each year.
Gale E. Klappa: Officially, I mean there was some work done I think in 2012 and 2013, but basically under the legislation, really March 2014. I think that the hope was that a lot could be accomplished by 2030. Again, we're taking a hard, fresh bottoms-up look at this, but we're talking about a very extensive period of time. And the one thing – and I've spent a lot of time personally in Chicago with the team over the last couple of months, and the one thing that is very clear to me is that from the Mayor's office to the common council to the Illinois Commerce Commission, there is outstanding and common agreement that this program has to move forward. It has to be done efficiently. It has to be managed well, but Chicago has to have the modern efficient system that it deserves.
Gale E. Klappa: Yeah. Allen is exactly right. If you think about the gestation period on some of these larger projects, they can be – from conceptual, design to approval, they could be five years. So, I think you could clearly conclude what Allen is saying that the next couple of two, three years, virtually everything they've included is largely through the approval process.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, I would expect, given normal weather conditions, demand in Wisconsin and Minnesota and, to some extent, Michigan to grow more strongly than Illinois simply because there's just not a lot of propane use in the City of Illinois. By contrast, Wisconsin, Michigan and Minnesota are three of the 10 heaviest using – heaviest propane using states in the U.S. And, for example, in Minnesota, recently, there was legislation passed that in essence reduces the upfront hook-up cost for customers to switch over to the natural gas delivery network that allows more of those capital costs to be basically put into rate base as opposed to the individual customer having to pay more or hooking into the system, and that was done because of the very significant concern in Minnesota about what happened in 2014 during the polar vortex with propane supplies. So, we would expect Wisconsin, Minnesota and Michigan, in terms of gas demand and growth in gas customers, to be stronger.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, let me start by saying that we really have not had any major negative surprises. Essentially, I think we did a good job of due diligence in what we're seeing in terms of the best practices, in terms of driving costs down, in terms of more efficient operations. I think all the potential we saw is really there. So, I would first say the one upside for the past 120 days is the clear identification of infrastructure upgrades beyond what we thought in our due diligence and that led to what I discussed about the higher capital spending on rate base opportunities here in the latter part of the decade. In terms of cost reductions, remember this transaction was far more about growth than about cost reductions. The cost reductions we have estimated basically will be needed in any given year to help us make sure we earn our allowed rates of return. So, again, I don't want to make – I want to make sure that no one is thinking that there are going to be huge cost savings that are then going to somehow result in earnings above the allowed rates of return. That's not the plan, and that's not what we're seeing. I will say this, though, I think long term, there will be significant and tangible savings. There's no question about that. And even in Wisconsin, let me reiterate what we said earlier, and that is over the next 10 years, I see in a combination of capital cost savings and O&M savings, at least $1 billion of cost savings. Again, that's a combination of capital and O&M. And the first tangible result of that was when we were able to – with the Commission's approval, we were able to take off the table the need for Wisconsin Public Service to build a Fox 3, which was a combined cycle natural gas unit that had been planned. And that's a $600 million investment that we can postpone for a very long time. So that's a tangible savings for customers right there. We will see, over time, for example, in just having to build only one, and it's being built by Integrys right now, only one new major customer information and billing system, the project is called ICE, and those projects are about $120 million, $150 million a pop. Well, we're only going to need to build one of them, and that's being built right now. So, you can see all across our operations how we can drive cost savings over time. I hope that responds to your question.
Gale E. Klappa: All right. Well, ladies and gentlemen, I believe that concludes our conference call for today. Thank you again for taking part. If you have any other questions, please feel free call to Colleen Henderson or Beth Straka and the direct line to call is 414-221-2592. Have a good afternoon everybody.
Paul Patterson: So now it looks like the projections are that it'll be considerably more CapEx, I would assume. Could you give us a flavor for how much we should be seeing annually that being driven by and just sort of the causation that we're seeing there and also the rate impact, I guess, cumulatively over this period of time? I mean, it just seems like a lot that we're reading about.
Paul Patterson: It does help. And I guess in terms of that $8 billion number which clearly you guys are reviewing, I mean, when do you think we're going to get or when will you guys get a better idea about what the – would you be able to share with us what you think the actual number will be? And I'm just wondering, I mean, you talk about digging up streets and stuff. I mean, there are some things that you hear about and which you could do things without digging up the street, if you follow me, in terms of like liner or stuff and what have you, I don't know. I'm just wondering whether or not...
Paul Patterson: Okay. Great. And then I guess just, when you say the 20 years, I mean this project's been going on for some time. I mean...
