Gale Klappa: Rick, thank you very much. Overall, we're on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.
Gale Klappa: Sure. In essence the filing that we made at noon and I understand why you wouldn’t have had a chance to read it, it was noon central time. The filing in the filing Domtar has agreed to, in essence, pay more for the steam that would be produced by the unit, and for background this would be a 50 MW plant. The plant would produce both steam to power Domtar’s paper mill operations and renewable electricity for the grid. And one of the major questions that the Commissioners had during their open meeting last week was, could there be a different allocation of cost between the cost that go to electric customers and the cost that Domtar would accept for the production of steam. And so Domtar has agreed to, what we think is, a very major price change. We’ll let Allen cover the details for you.
Gale Klappa: Allen is exactly right. We actually need an order by May 15. In that, if we’re going to go forward with this project, we have a construction schedule that we have to meet and federal production tax credits related to biomass that right now at any rate expire at the end of 2013. If we don’t qualify, if we couldn’t get the plant on line by the end of 2013, and if we couldn’t therefore qualify for the production tax credits, it obviously changes the economics of the plant and not for the better. So, we think the Commission understands that and we’re looking for a decision here in the very near future.
Gale Klappa: Yes. Matter of fact, I do. It's a very good question. Let me give you a little bit of analysis. The analysis I have look at the four major and not all of them are major, but we had four plant shut downs that we believe are going to be reasonably permanent shut downs. There was the Chrysler engine plant in Kenosha. And then we have the Delphi Automotive Operations in Oak Creek. We had White Pine up in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan, which was a copper refiner, and then we have the NewPage paper mills. Paper mills owned in Northern Wisconsin by NewPage. All four of those shut downs and closings we have factored into our forecast. Now, looking at how that relates, about 25% of our industrial demand and some of our largest customers are in the first quarter of this year their usage is above prerecession levels. The remaining 75% of our industrial grouping of customers, if you take out those four shutdowns, they are about 5% below, as a group about 5% below precession levels. But that's kind of the picture. We’ve, obviously, factored in these shutdowns in our 2011 forecast.
Gale Klappa: We had assumed there would be some drag because of the delay in getting an order from the Commission. So, it's really not incremental.
Gale Klappa: Very good question, Steve, and that is the potential use of cash. The State of Wisconsin or the Walker administration has expressed an interest in selling a number of the plants and steam heating power islands that currently are operated by the State of Wisconsin across college campuses and the biggest, obviously, would be the UW campus in Madison. It will require for the state to move forward with any sale. A piece of legislation would be required to be passed by both the State Senate and the assembly, and my understanding is that the Walker administration is hoping to introduce that legislation sometime this summer. So, there won't be any immediate movement until a piece of legislation is passed and signed by the governor, but our understanding is the Walker administration would like to move forward with the sale of those assets.
Gale Klappa: Steve, speaking more than you wanted to know you are probably seeing some of the national studies that have been done now that would indicate that the average price of electricity in the country maybe going up by as much as 20%, because of these proposed EPA rules. We might see 1% to 2% increase our best guess. So that gives you an example of how well we are positioned from the environmental standpoint in terms of complying with even the new proposed rule. So I think, this is going to materially help our competitive position.
Gale Klappa: Michael, one other point to add onto what Rick said, I personally think it’s important for our investor base to understand, it’s very clearly where what our philosophy is on our dividend payout ratio as well. I mean, we’re entering, as I mentioned in the earlier comments, I think, the company is at a very positive inflection point, but clearly our dividend payout ratio is below our peers, and I think, it’s important to clarify for our investors going forward at a minimum what our goals are related to our dividend payout ratio.
Gale Klappa: Really, Phil has just gotten in the chair. I think, he has been pretty busy trying with the other Commissioners to work off the backlog of items that they had really built up when they were short of Commissioner. So I don't think Phil has had a great opportunity yet to sit down and think about energy policy for the state. He did say though during the last open meeting that he was part of the crafting of the renewable energy standard for 2015 and supports that standard. So, I think, the first and only comment that we've really seen from Phil so far is his support for the 2015 energy standard, renewable energy standard.
Gale Klappa: That's when we will have some conversations and try to seek some guidance from the Commissioners, because the truth of the matter is, if Domtar is approved it will get us to where we need to be for 2015 and 2016. I mean, that would be the last major investment we would need to make in the near-term in renewables to meet that 2015 and 2016 standard. Without that then we've got some decisions to make and in our first step if they decide that Domtar is just too expensive a proposal, our next step would be to sit down and work with the Commissioners and get some guidance, and frankly work with the Walker administration as well. I know that the governor would want to have some say in that thinking.
Gale Klappa: There’s another factor here, the area where we’re proposing to build the biomass plant, which is a suburb of Wausau in Northern Wisconsin. Like all areas, that area can benefit from jobs and there is a very strong job protection and job creation story associated with this plant that we think should also play into the mix here.
Gale Klappa: I'd hate to pre-judge what the Governor might say on this, but clearly in the past particularly in this kind of economic climate, he has focused on near-term cost to the customer. So one option and I'm not suggesting this would be the option, we would have to get the proper inputs, but one option which is allowed under the law is the filing of RAM. The law says that if it is not practical or if it is excessive in cost to meet the 2015 standard, then a utility could file for an of RAM. None have done so at this point and we certainly would not need to do so assuming we could move forward with the Rothschild of Domtar biomass project.
Gale Klappa: No. All it does and again you need to think about this as about $255 million capital investment and then the questions becomes what share of the cost of that investment and what share of the operating costs would be allocated to Domtar for taking the steam for their paper mill operations and what share would go to electric customers for the renewable electricity that would go to the grid? This is all a question about allocation of the total cost not about change of total cost.
Gale Klappa: I'm not sure there is an investment opportunity there in terms of that change or any Wisconsin utility because what is being proposed is particularly if I want other Wisconsin utilities is that, in essence they would sign a purchase power agreement for new hydro power that would be developed in Canada to be imported into Wisconsin. So, there is no real construction investment opportunity there for the hydropower itself, but as Rick is pointing out, there may be a transmission in this.
Gale Klappa: Ted, I would be thinking this is a post 2015 type of matter, because first of all the new hydro facilities aren’t even built yet.
Gale Klappa: Yes and no. It includes the Edgewater 5 sale proceeds, but the proceeds from our settlement with the federal government regarding the extra cost we incurred at Point Beach on spent nuclear fuel, those dollars are in an Al Gore lock-box down the street in a bank and those dollars will be completely returned to customers overtime, and so they’re not counted in our cash flow assumptions.
Gale Klappa: Well, for all of 2010, our earned ROE was very close to the allowed ROE at the utility. So, again, we performed very close to the allowed ROE at the utility last year. Of course, the way Wisconsin regulation works, the Commission uses and ask us to file a two-year forward-looking test year. We project our expenses, our O&M expense, our fuel expenses, our capital costs for, in this case, 2012 and 2013. The big driver of the rate proposal that we will file is really completing construction and placing into service about $1.2 billion of new assets that have already been approved by the Commission. In specific, the two large projects that would be the big drivers would be the completion of the air quality controls of the older existing Oak Creek units. Remember, I mentioned that's a $900 million capital expenditure, and then the completion later this year we believe of the Glacier Hills Wind Park, which is another $360-ish million.
Gale Klappa: You put those two together and that's $1.2 billion of new capital that once placed into service needs to be reflected in customer rates. So that would be the big driver of our rate proposal that we expect to file in the next few weeks.
Gale Klappa: You strip out the weather impact, against 20-year average weather, you would see residential actually being down slightly. You would see small commercial and industrial up about 0.5%. You would see large commercial and industrial about flat, and total large commercial and industrial up about four-tenth of one percent.
Gale Klappa: Actually, it's certainly up to the Commission when they would like to have and over what timeframe they would like to have those dollars flow back to customers, but we will propose an option for the Commission in the (inaudible) filing.
Gale Klappa: Very good, well, that concludes our conference call for today. We really appreciate you taking part and all the great questions you asked today. If you have any other questions, Colleen Henderson is ready and waiting at our Investor Relations office, and that number is 414-221-2592. Thank you very much. Have a good day, everybody.
Rick Kuester: Andy, lesson for everyone here for this year if you want to look at the O&M trends really look and we'll break this out for each quarter, really look at the Utility O&M.
Rick Kuester: It’ll definitely come by June and we’re working through obviously all of our final analysis. We obviously also want to have our regulatory scheduled Board meetings and so you’ll expect an answer from us by June.
Rick Kuester: We’ve a Board meeting coming up soon. We also need by the way a final decision on our proposed biomass investment in Rothschild, the Domtar investment. So that’s another factor that we’re waiting for, but you’ll be hearing from us in the not too distant future.
Rick Kuester: No, Brian. The $600 million assumes that we build the biomass project. If we don't build it, that will be additional equity available. That's a total $255 million investment, so about $125 million of additional cash flow would be available.
Rick Kuester: Well I don’t feel like we are in a rush, I really don’t. We've taken I think,, very good time to do the proper analysis, we will have sooner or later within the next week or two I believe a decision from the Wisconsin Commission on Domtar, we’ve laid out $3.4 billion or up to $3.4 billion capital plan for the next five years. So, Michael, I think, all of the elements are in place for us to really have a very good understand of what our earnings potential, our investment opportunities and our cash flows look like. So, I don’t sense that we’re in a rush at all.
Rick Kuester: No. I think you've covered it Gale. If you kind of stand back and look at it, it’s not really possible to build the generic wind project that would be compared to because if it’s a Greenfield project, because one, citing rules aren’t clear, two, the production tax credit expires one year early than biomass. So, I think, by bringing the numbers closer we’ve been responsive to the Commission.
Rick Kuester: As Gale said, basically our cost of fuel was right on top of our collection rate in the first quarter. As Gale said, we expect to be $16 million. We expect to hit the threshold. If you look in the next couple of quarters, we expect to under recovering the second, but most of it would be in the third quarter. That's probably when we would exceed the $16 million amount and start to edge up toward the $20 million to $25 million that Gale mentioned. And then in the fourth quarter, we typically claw back some of that that we’ve lost in the third quarter because of the higher cost of power during the summer. So at the end of the year we expect to be in that $20 million to $25 million under collected, but we're capped at $16 million based on how the fuel rules work.
Rick Kuester: Dan, one other thing, on the $45 million that restricted cash in the DoD settlement that would be returned to customers net of the cost to achieve. That was about a 10-year process where we were suing the federal government. So, there are costs associated with that. So, just point of clarification.
Allen Leverett: Yes, Brian, just to put some numbers around it. What Domtar agreed to was a 20% increase in the rate that they pay for steam. Now, when you sort of track that through the implication then for our customers that translates into about a 7% reduction in the cost of the project took to our customers. We believe that based on the conversation at the Commission last week, we believe this puts the cost of the project as compared to a wind project within a range that at least one of the Commissioners was looking for. So, as Gale mentioned, we would expect the decision in the near future from the Commission, but from a practical standpoint, we really need a decision by May 15 if we’re going to move forward with the project. That’s a high level summary.
Allen Leverett: Yes. Just as background Steve. Of course, the first reason is, 10 years ago, the company made the decision to retire old coal, build new natural gas plants, build new coal plants. So, of course, those are the Port Washington plants and the Oak Creek plants. So, that's the first driver of why we are where we are. Second, you may remember in 2003, we entered into a consent decree with EPA, which drove controls at many of our other major plants. And then, finally, we as a company unlike many others, we don't have ash impoundments. We’ve 100% beneficial reuse of the ash that comes from the combustion of the coal. So, we don't really see much many impact from EGU MACT or IB MACT on the company. The only three plants that we see they are mainly impacts on down the road, you have heard us talk about our Valley and our Milwaukee County power plants which are actually CoGen plants that produce steam as well as electricity and an electric plant that we have in the UP. We see little impact on those units there could be a small amount of investment of those units because of EGU and or IB MACT, but the bigger impacts if there are going to be impacts than those plants would be out in the 2017 timeframe. They wouldn’t be driven by MACT, they would be driven by NAAQS, the National Ambient Air Quality Standard for SO2 in particular now, but again, we wouldn’t see impacts there if any until 2017. So it’s probably more than you wanted to know, but that’s kind of where we see ourselves positioned.
Allen Leverett: I’d just add onto that Michael, in other way to interpret your question would be, why now and what's happened in the first part of this year, is that we’ve gotten more clarity on the EPA rule, so we kind of know what the exposure is there. We sold Edgewater 5 which was going to be an investment that those are going to be required to make from an air quality control standpoint. So, that’s no longer an uncertainty out there, and we finished the last unit at Oak Creek, so we’ve got a number of things resolved. So, I think, the timing actually is pretty good, if you look at the issues that we were facing a few months ago versus the issues that we’re facing now in terms of capital expenditure.
Steve Dickson: Basically, on the fuel recoveries, we'll under collect anywhere from $5 million to $7 million in the second quarter and that amount is comparable to 2010. So we don't expect earnings varying in some 2010 to 2011 related to fuel in Q2.
Steve Dickson: On electric side we think that compared to normal our electric margins which is revenues minus fuel were helped by about $7 million and on the gas side, our gas margins were held at about $8 million, so in total about $15 million.
Steve Dickson: Yes, the balance sheet is comparing December 31st to March 31st and at the end of December we had a significant amount of gas in storage and we pulled that out at the end of the year. So, we had the same decline last year. The number this year is about $50 million more because March was significantly coldish so we would show more in gas and storage. In addition we were able to reduce coal inventories down and so those are the two big drivers.
