Allen L. Leverett: Thank you, Scott. Operator, we're now ready for the question-and-answer session portion of our conference call.
Allen L. Leverett: Well, we'd not be compelled to accept the decision, so maybe just to state for everybody on the call to make sure they understand your question. So basically, you have a scenario, Greg, where the Commission says well, all right, we accept the settlement subject to the addition of some or all of the conditions that the Commission staff propose, so that's the hypothetical scenario. Well, in that scenario, given the way the settlement was structured, it's not severable. So if it's not accepted in whole, well, the settlement basically falls away unless we and the other parties who came up with the settlement, unless we all agree to a different set of conditions. So, we wouldn't be compelled, Greg, in the scenario you lay out to accept that modified settlement, if you will. And as I described in the opening remarks, the next step would be, we'd file a general rate case.
Allen L. Leverett: Yes. So, the way it'll be financed, Larry, initially of course, we'd just take down commercial paper at the holding company to fund the $230 million acquisition price. $115 million or roughly half of the investment down at the sub will be equity and then another $115 million will be non-recourse debt, meaning non-recourse to the holding company debt down at the Bluewater Holding level. And then so we'll take $115 million from that financing and pay down some holding company debt. But the holding company is essentially funding its equity contribution, if you will, into the subsidiary with debt up at the holding company.
Allen L. Leverett: Yes. Thanks for the question. And I guess we – in the November, actually early November timeframe, probably around the EEI Finance Conference, we'd provide a complete update on our five-year capital plan. So, I don't have any incremental update today. But what I would say is I'm feeling very optimistic about additional opportunities. Some of those kind of in the areas that you were alluding to in your question, in the midstream natural gas assets where we would purchase assets that we could either financially or physically integrate with our natural gas distribution company. So, feel optimistic, but what I'd rather do is really provide a complete update and a five-year plan in early November.
Allen L. Leverett: Yes. Yes. Just to be clear. So, if you look over a five-year plan and you invest $1.6 billion of capital and let's assume that that's levered 50/50, so, 50% equity, 50% debt and then you earn approximately a 10% return on the equity piece. You're exactly right, that would add 1 percentage point to the five-year compound annual growth in EPS.
Allen L. Leverett: Well, let's just make sure that we're clear on the financial effect that our proposal would have. Our proposal if it were the settlement – okay, just to be – so the settlement that we entered into with our customers, if that were implemented, if you look at the projected balances, if you look at where we expect to be at the end of 2017 and look at where we would expect those balances to be at the end of 2019 if they adopted the settlement. I mean if you look end to end, Paul, we would expect there to be no growth on a net basis in those deferred balances. So we'd sort of de-level 2019 year-end versus 2017 year-end, so we wouldn't have any additional accumulation of balances and the hope that we have is that with tax reform that then you will start having some uplift, if you will, or a cost reduction effectively that you could use to start managing those balances down. But if you look at during the pendency of the rate freeze period that we proposed in the settlement, there wouldn't be any net growth at all in those balances.
Allen L. Leverett: Yes, I think one of the focuses, Dan, that we've had for quite a while is managing the percentage that holding company debt represents as a proportion of consolidated debt. And so, we've certainly taken a number of actions this year to keep that within the balance that we like it to be. We did permanent non-recourse financings at Michigan Gas Utilities as well as MERC over in Minnesota at the gas utility there. And I mentioned the financing that we would plan later this year at Bluewater. So I think all of those has been and will be helpful, and also managing that holding company debt to consolidated debt percentage within a reasonable range.
Allen L. Leverett: Yes. The site that I believe you're referencing is in our service territory, unless they are (36:50) service territory that the electric service territory for Wisconsin Electric. And I'm sure, Dan, we've both read some of the same reports in the press. Certainly Governor Walker has been in detailed discussions with the senior people at Foxconn. Foxconn has indicated that they'll be making a decision soon. But at this point, they haven't made a formal announcement. But what I would say, Dan, the investment that's being discussed would be quite significant for the economy here in Wisconsin.
Allen L. Leverett: We have had, Andy. From time to time, we've had discussions, sort of updates, if you will, with the other parties to the settlement. And they really have the same view that I have. This is a settlement that – it was highly negotiated between the folks in the settlement and it's not severable. I mean, they view it as a package and we view it as a package, Andy.
Allen L. Leverett: Well, we have a package that we and our customers think they're in the best interest of all the customers. So, I mean, I think it's – as constructed, it's a very, very good package. So, I would be hopeful that the Commissioners would agree with my assessment of it.
Allen L. Leverett: Well, that concludes our conference call today. Thank you for participating. If you have more questions, please contact Beth Straka. Her number here in Milwaukee is area code 414-221-4639. Thank you.
Scott J. Lauber: So, just to remind everyone, Moody's at our Wisconsin utilities moved them down one notch from A1 to A2 and they described several reasons and one of them is the recovery of some of the regulatory items and not having riders compared to other jurisdictions. With that, now they've put our holding company on a negative watch or outlook also. We're continuing to monitor our holding company debt to total debt, and that's one of the items I think they'd like to see that come back a little faster than we've reduced it. However, as we continue to find good investments such as the Bluewater investment, that will add some stress to the holding company, but it's good for the customers and good for the shareholders as it continues to improve earnings. So we're monitoring that holding company debt and as you can tell, watching our financials as tight as possible.
Scott J. Lauber: So, this – I don't know the exact dollar amount. It had to be around $8 million, I'm assuming, $8 million to $9 million.
Scott J. Lauber: Yes. I mean, it's a good question. Last year in the second quarter, the ALJ came out with their decision to, for their second case, to have the FERC ROE was at – for the second case at 10.2%. Now remember that's 9.7% plus a 50 basis point adder to 10.2%. And that time, then we looked at the complaint period and took an entry in that quarter to record that reserve to that 10.2%. Since then, in September of last year, the FERC came out with their decision in the first case that was at a 10.82% ROE, which is a 10.32%, plus a 50 basis point adder to the 10.82%. And since the end of September, we've been booking at that 10.82% until we'll hear on that second complaint. And the second complaint, we're waiting for a quorum now at FERC. We don't know what they'll be in the second half of the year, but currently, we're booking at the 10.82%. So, the main driver, the swing between quarters there was the entry last year to get down to the first reserve needed. And it may be a little bit higher too because we're booking at a 10.82%. But long-term in our financial plan, we talk about a 10.2% long-term outlook for the FERC ROE.
Scott J. Lauber: Yes. So, Illinois, the drivers – it's a combination of, like you said, the O&M and the rider. I would say probably about $8 million to $10 million of that variance year-to-date is related to the QIP rider, the capital investment, plus some other riders that are just a pass-through of O&M. But O&M is the major driver in there. And that's the majority of the remaining of it, I'd say $10 million to $15 million, plus some other lower interest expenses.
Scott J. Lauber: I mean, we do have some deferred balances that relates to deferred taxes. But once again, we won't collect that from the customers. We'll collect that when we pay it back to the government which will be approximately a 50-year period on these taxes.
Scott J. Lauber: Yes. When we look at our utilities, we want to keep all the utilities in that single-A rated category. So, they moved a little bit within the category with Moody's now and we did try to defend it to keep it up to that level because we know the cheaper interest is always good for our customers. So, we want to keep in that single-A rated category. At the holding company, right now it's on a negative watch. It potentially could move down a little bit and we're going to continue to monitor that. If it does move down a notch, I mean that's where we'll really continue to look at our holding company debt and manage that.
Scott J. Lauber: Yes. There's a lot of little variety of items in that segment there. Just one item and this is kind of inside baseball. But we had some investments that were at the service company that really belong more at the utilities. So, we put the investments in the utilities versus the service company. Their earnings stayed the same, their capital stayed the same, it's just once again, it took – just moved it into the utility where it belongs. Some of those were still there last year at the acquisition. It's just kind of the cleanup of what we think is the best way to run the service company. So, just a variety of little items.
