Gale E. Klappa: Pat, thank you very much. Overall, we're on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.
Gale E. Klappa: On the 4 to 6? Okay. Well, really, Greg, as you know, the weather can move us in one direction or another pretty quickly. So I would suggest you maintain your look in terms of the longer-term growth rate of our normal guidance of 4% to 6% -- or of our guidance of 4% to 6% EPS growth based on normal weather.
Gale E. Klappa: Way too early for that, Brian. As you know, the weather normalization techniques in our industry tend to fall apart or tend to be less accurate when you get into the tail, when you get beyond 2 standard deviations. And I think with this weather in the first quarter, we were like 8 standard deviations away from norm. So I wouldn't read too much into weather normalization for Q1, and I think our roughly 0.5% projection for the normal growth is still pretty accurate.
Gale E. Klappa: We will ask Mr. -- we do have some maturities, but in fact one where we had a bond offering just matured, so we do have some plans.
Gale E. Klappa: No question about that, absolutely. In fact, as you probably heard me say in the script, our off-system sales were up 157%. I mean, really, our units, I'm very pleased with how our units performed. And the Valley of our new Oak Creek units was absolutely completely visible during Q1. And MISO asked those units to run at the top virtually every single day of Q1.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, as you may recall, Kit, and then you look at 50 different states, so it's hard to recall specifically, they're one of the few in the country with a 2-year forward-looking test year. So what we are doing now in finalizing all of the data, we will be looking at and filing our projected investment and our projected expenses for the years 2015 and 2016. So that is basically the standard approach in Wisconsin. I think it's a constructive approach because you're not actually looking back with a lot of lag. You're actually projecting your appropriate expenses for the following 2 years.
Gale E. Klappa: Good question, very good question. And let me just say this. There are a lot of discussions going on. Alliant, one of our sister utilities here in Wisconsin, has just entered into a settlement. Now they're, because of a particular situation they have, they're able to keep rates flat for a couple of years. But there, they and the intervenor groups and the commission staff appear to have agreed on a, in essence, setting rates for the electric utility at a 10.2% return. So I think that may be indicative -- we're having some discussions as well about ROE and capital structure. But I would not expect significant change, particularly in light of the first step forward between Alliant and the intervenor groups.
Gale E. Klappa: Michael, good question. Virtually everything we discussed is in our -- it's like Ragu, it's in there. But we should be very clear about the capital cost that Allen talked about related to Presque Isle, a potential capital cost related to Presque Isle. Those would be costs that we would expect because of the need for those units for reliability to be reimbursed. So I really wouldn't look at that as part of our announced capital budget.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, I understand your wife likes it hotter, but other than that, Michael, I think that, and not in any way trying to avoid the question, but trying to be absolutely brutally frank with you, the weather has been so abnormal, in particular what we've seen in Q1, that I think we're going to need another year or 2 before we can really determine whether there's any structural change going on here. On the one hand, you see data that indicates that maybe there is a structural change but then on the other hand, gas prices are now higher than they've been in a while. Natural gas prices are now higher than they've been in a while. Last time I looked, at about $4.80 per million BTU. Furnaces, new furnaces are still much more efficient, let's say, a 10- or 15-year-old furnace. There are a lot of competing factors going on here. I think it's going to take a little bit longer before we can really understand if there is any kind of structural change that would reverse the pattern of the past 20 years.
Gale E. Klappa: No, the base year has not shifted. We will take a look, as we enter 2015, about shifting the base year. But right now, the base year stays in place.
Gale E. Klappa: I've heard the rumor that you're not a fan of buying back stock at 2x books, so I'm glad you admitted this.
Gale E. Klappa: I know, exactly. But we can't read everything you see in print, or you can't believe everything you see in print. I'm just giving you a hard time. First of all, one of the things that -- one of our guiding principles has been that as we have positive cash flow materialize, that if we don't have other investment opportunities on the near-term horizon for the use of that cash, then one of our philosophies is, we don't think our shareholders will reward us for just building up cash on the balance sheet. So that's one of our other guiding principles here and I would not read anything into our first quarter activity other than we tend to look at it quarter by quarter as we have cash building up.
Gale E. Klappa: Too early, but we've put a bookend around it, again, depending upon the specific equipment modifications that might be needed. Our bookends, and we'll know a lot more later this year, are at a low end, maybe $25 million, $30 million; at the high end, maybe $100 million.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, I will say this. In terms of propane consumption, just pure propane consumption, Wisconsin is one of the top 5 states in the country. So I think that gives you a sense of the potential conversion opportunity here. And as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, even in Q1, which was a pretty brutal time to try to switch furnaces, we saw a 7% increase so far this year in new customer connections to our natural gas network compared to a year ago. So I honestly think the conversion opportunity, particularly in light of what happened to propane pricing, but even more so the severe shortages of propane this past winter, I think the conversion opportunity is perhaps even greater than we thought.
Gale E. Klappa: In essence, the issue is that in other parts of MISO, these kinds of costs are allocated in a certain way, but within the ATC footprint, they're allocated in a separate way. And the Wisconsin Commission's view is that the allocation that affects -- the allocation in effect, if you were inside the ATC footprint, is punitive to Wisconsin, and that's really the issue.
Gale E. Klappa: In fact, Allen's right, Andy. In fact, in their intervention asking FERC to provide for a different allocation between Wisconsin and Michigan, they actually said that they believe we should be compensated in the way we're being compensated. It's just who has to make that compensation, how much to Michigan, how much to Wisconsin, is the issue.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, now, it's close to 90-10. In other words, 90% of these SSR payments will be billed to Wisconsin customers and about 10% to Michigan and that is what has the Wisconsin Commission concerned. They think that that's not a proper allocation, that much more of the cost should go to the Upper Peninsula of Michigan.
Gale E. Klappa: No. As Allen said earlier, we don't think this has any impact on the agreement itself and on our -- and on the payments to us for operating the unit. It's just a matter of how is the pie sliced among parties that have to pay MISO for this benefit.
Gale E. Klappa: Exactly. Really trying to get the MISO tariff or this part of MISO to match up with the rest of MISO because it's different here that -- just the way the cost allocation works. If you're inside the American Transmission Company footprint, that cost allocation is different than all the rest of MISO, and the Wisconsin Commission is saying it needs to be all the same.
Gale E. Klappa: Andy, as you know, that article, in all likelihood, was based on pure speculation, and over the years, we found it not very productive to comment on speculation. All right. Well, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our conference call for today. Thank you so much for participating. If you have any other questions, Colleen Henderson will be available at our Investor Relations office, and her direct line is (414) 221-2592. Thanks, again, everybody. Take care.
Allen L. Leverett: Right. And Julian (sic) [Paul], that's of course, the MATS rule that we have to be in compliance with by April of 2016. So our expectation would be that we would be able to do dry sorbent injection at the plant. Cost range for that, when we were doing some testing in June, but I would expect that the range of costs for that in terms of a capital investment is $6 million to $12 million is a likely range, if we had to do dry sorbent injection for all 5 units, if MISO wanted us to maintain all 5 of the units. And then as Gale mentioned just now and in the script, our expectation would be that those dollars would be recovered in a system support resource agreement with MISO.
Allen L. Leverett: Yes. So if we had to put DSI, if they wanted us to maintain all 5, $6 million to $12 million for all 5, Julien (sic) [Paul].
Allen L. Leverett: No, what we said before, Michael, was that it was likely to be $6 million to $12 million. We're doing some testing this summer and so we'll be able to nail down where we're going to be in the range. And that would be for dry sorbent injection. And so that would assume we do all 5 units. If for some reason MISO didn't want all 5 units, well, that $6 million to $12 million range would go down somewhat, Michael, but that's for 5 units.
Allen L. Leverett: Yes. Well, as we talked a little bit on the -- on our year-end call about ATC's capital budget and for the next 3 years, their capital budget inside the footprint, so this would be for calendar years '14, '15, '16, would be $1.3 billion. So that's unchanged from the estimates that we talked about on our last earnings call. So at that level of spending, when you sort of translate that into net income growth at ATC, Michael, that certainly fully supports the 4% to 6% target that Gale and, I think, Greg Gordon were talking about earlier. In terms of opportunities outside the footprint, the $1.3 billion that I talked about for '14, '15, '16 combined, that doesn't include anything outside the footprint at all. ATC is certainly pursuing things elsewhere in the MISO footprint, pursuing things in the western part of the country. But at this point, Michael, I would not expect any of those investments to materialize, or at least for us to actually employ capital for some of those investments until, say, the '17, '18, '19 timeframe. So I wouldn't put any of those opportunities in sort of the next 36 months or so. They're going to be out a bit. But even without those, they still got a lot of good growth over the next 3 years, even without those opportunities.
Allen L. Leverett: Well, the SSR agreement is for 1 year. So it goes from, I think, February 1 of this year to February 1 of next year, and I think MISO has like a 3-month extension option. So if they want us to continue to operate the plant after that, and I expect they will, we'll have to do another SSR agreement. But I would expect, given FERC, they went ahead and let us start -- MISO start charging and MISO start paying us. So I don't really think the fact that there's a review going on at FERC is going to affect any of that. It might take a number of months. We might be to the end of the year before they resolve the allocation question that Gale talked about. But it's not really going to impact our ability to collect dollars from MISO at all. So it's really not an issue for us as we would see it.
Allen L. Leverett: Well, it's an issue about interstate, so allocation between the states. And to a certain degree, you'll also get into some allocation issues within Wisconsin. So it's a fairly complicated question about how these costs are ultimately allocated.
Allen L. Leverett: When you said the state of Wisconsin, the public [indiscernible]. Their issue is allocation. They don't believe that the MISO tariff, as currently structured, provides for a fair allocation as between Wisconsin and Michigan. So that's really their issue. Their issue is not the total cost, it's the allocation of the cost.
