Scott Lauber: Thank you, Gale. As Gale mentioned, we're making good progress on our capital plan. Construction is underway on a number of regulated projects. We have started work on the reciprocating internal combustion engines, or as we call them, RICE units, at our western site in Northern Wisconsin. These units are expected to provide 128 megawatts in of dispatchable capacity with an estimated cost of $170 million. Also, work on our liquefied natural gas storage is underway. As you recall, the commission approved 2 LNG units in Southeastern Wisconsin. This $370 million investment will provide needed peaking capacity for our gas distribution business. On the renewable front, we've deployed $155 million towards refurbishing projects at 2 of our regulated wind farms. When completed, these projects will enhance reliability and performance at these farms. These investments will qualify those sites for production tax credits for an additional 10 years. Also, we expect our Red Barn Wind Park development in Southwestern Wisconsin to come online around the end of the year. It will provide about 80 megawatts of renewable energy to our Wisconsin Public Service customers. On the solar and battery front, work continues on the Badger Hollow II solar facility and the Paris Solar Battery Park. We still expect these solar projects to go into service next year, supplying more clean energy to our Wisconsin customers. However, we've informed the Wisconsin Commission that the battery portion of the Paris project is expected to be delayed until 2024. As you may recall, we have filed for approval of 2 other solar battery projects, Darien and Koshkonong. We initially plan to add these to our fleet in 2023 and 2024. We now project them to enter service in 2024 and 2025, respectively. In addition, we now expect the retirement of Columbia Energy Center to take place in 2026. As you know, Alliant Energy operates the Columbia facility and we are a part owner. Of course, we’ll keep you updated on any further developments. As you recall, we filed a rate review last quarter with the Public Service Commission for our Wisconsin utilities. Our proposed rate increase would support important capital investments and grid hardening projects. Recently, we provided an update to our filing. We factored in the extended operating lives of the older Oak Creek units and the Columbia units. This update also reflects other variables, including higher interest rates and costs associated with the completion of our solar projects. We expect final orders by the end of the year with new rates effective in January 2023. We have no other rate reviews pending at this time. In our gas business, we’ve discussed plans to bring high-quality renewable natural gas to our customers. The Wisconsin Commission recently approved our pilot project for this initiative. Just last month, we signed our third RNG contract which will connect our distribution system to a large dairy farm in Northeast Wisconsin. The 3 contracts in place are projected to bring us 80% of the way toward our goal of net zero methane emissions. We plan to have RNG flowing in our system by the end of this year. Outside of our utilities, our WEC infrastructure segment was once again a positive driver for the quarter. The Thunderhead Wind Farm located in Nebraska will be the next project to go into service scheduled for later this year. We also expect the Sapphire Sky Wind project in Illinois to come online by year-end. Together, the 2 projects represent approximately $800 million of investment, keeping us well ahead of our 5-year capital plan. As you know, MISO, the Midwest grid operator, has set out a long-range plan to address transmission needs across the Midwest. And last week, the MISO board approved the transmission projects for tranche 1. At this time, American Transmission Company estimates that its investment opportunity in tranche 1 is approximately $900 million. That’s in today’s dollars. Investment in these long-dated projects are expected to start as early as 2027. And with that, I’ll turn things back to Gale.
Scott Lauber: No, not at all, Gale. And when we factored everything in, factoring and keeping these units running a little bit longer, extending those lives, factoring in the delay. And remember, we delayed these due to some supply chain challenges, building the solar and the batteries. Factoring those delays in, it was relatively revenue requirement neutral. And remember, for this particular case then, just in this case, you’re avoiding those additional capacity costs. So it was well received adding that reliability until we can get these renewables built and some of the other capacity online. So it was well received across the board from my conversations with individuals across the board like Gale said.
Scott Lauber: So we anticipated and talked to them about it. I don't think it's a surprise to anyone when we file the incremental increases. And what we've been saying is we're going to see cost increases in that 20% to 30%. In fact, the last filing on the solar, the first project we came in were about $1,300 a kW -- kilowatt. And then now it's about $1,540. I think the last one is about $1,640. So they're moving up a little bit, still in line with what we're seeing across the country. In the future, we'll have to see where things go but we said it could be 30% to 40%. But once again, there's a lot of supply chain here and you're looking multiple years out. So right now, there the cost we did see go up but really in line, in fact, a little bit lower than what we see across the country.
Scott Lauber: No, I agree, Gale. We have really good value-added customer projects we’re putting in. When you think about like grid hardening. The storms that we’ve seen this summer and last summer, it makes a lot of sense to go as we do that, the additional transition to renewables. So we feel really comfortable with where we are to be able to execute. It’s a very executable capital plan also.
Scott Lauber: Exactly. So -- but we will continue to evaluate our growth. And as we look at the fall and we pull into the capital projects, we’ll continue to look at it.
Scott Lauber: No, you're exactly right, Gale. You really have to kind of pull yourself behind the numbers here. And when you look at the O&M, just to correct where we're at here, some of those decreases that we're seeing on the top level of the income statement are some of the items that we had in our rate review last year for transmission. There's a little detailed breakdown on a few additional pages in our packet. So some of that is related to transmission reductions that we agreed to. So Wisconsin actually was up a little bit year-to-date. So that’s because it’s reaction to storms and some of these inflationary pressures that Gale talks to. But overall, when we look at our forecast, we’re still projecting to be down about 1% flat to 1% in total O&M.
Scott Lauber: Yes. And I think the other point, you mentioned EVs. And we really see it more as not that but the adoption of EVs, how does that even expand our grid hardening as more and more EVs come onto the system. And like Gale said, we've got a robust program already, we see a lot of traction. But remember, we didn't put any of this in our future 5-year forecast that we talked about it in our third quarter call. So we have nothing in our long-term plans related to EV. So adoption there could be a nice little tailwind there for some sales.
Scott Lauber: It’s reliability, not only on electric but also on natural gas, keeping the houses warm here in this cold environment in Wisconsin. So that’s also a key. So we just don’t want to look at it from one side.
Scott Lauber: No, I don’t. We’re really looking at the numbers but every year, there’s a few things that we have to move around a little bit. So it’s not going to be a substantial change as we flow through our next iteration here.
Scott Lauber: Right. So that's as you look at it as compared to what we had in the rate case here. But when you think of ongoing, when you go back a couple of years, when they were really full-on baseload plants, probably the O&Ms come down maybe $10 million when you think about it overall, so we're still trying to -- about $10 million. Still looking at the efficiencies, you're not running them quite as much. You can utilize the staff and a variety of projects, trying to make the workforce as efficient as possible. So -- but it's a lot cheaper than going out and buying that capacity in the market.
Scott Lauber: No, that's exactly right. And it's not going to be a switch. We'll continue to look at the forecast and do the strategy as we do every other type of asset.
Scott Lauber: Correct. They're not going to come in. So we had several solar projects and those additional solar projects also had batteries attached to them. And with that uncertainty in the capacity, it just did not make sense to pull the trigger on those retirements.
Xia Liu: Thanks, Gale. Our 2022 second quarter earnings of $0.91 per share increased $0.04 per share compared to the second quarter of 2021. Our earnings package includes a comparison of second quarter results on Page 17. I'll walk through the significant drivers. Starting with our utility operations. The impact of weather was flat quarter-over-quarter. On a weather-normalized basis, retail electric deliveries in Wisconsin, excluding the iron ore mines, were up 0.30%, led by our small commercial and industrial customers. Overall, retail demand for electricity is tracking our forecast. Across our regulated business, we grew our earnings by $0.05 compared to the second quarter of 2021. Rate-based growth contributed $0.09 to earnings. This is partially offset by $0.03 of higher depreciation and amortization expense and a $0.01 increase in day-to-day O&M. At our investment in American Transmission Company, earnings increased $0.01 compared to the second quarter of 2021, driven by continued capital investment. Earnings at our Energy Infrastructure segment improved $0.04 in the second quarter of 2022 compared to the second quarter of 2021. This was mainly driven by production tax credits related to stronger wind production across our portfolio as well as our Jayhawk Wind Farm that went in commercial operation at the end of last year. Finally, you'll see that earnings at our Corporate and Other segment decreased $0.06, primarily driven by rabbi trust performance and a gain last year on our investment in a clean energy fund that we recognized in the second quarter last year. Remember, rabbi trust is largely offset in O&M. Overall, we improved on our second quarter performance by $0.04 per share compared to last year. Looking now at the cash flow statement on Page 6 of the earnings package. Net cash provided by operating activities increased $536 million. Cash earnings and a normal recovery of commodity costs contributed to this increase. And total capital expenditures were $1 billion during the first half of 2022. As you can see, we have been executing well on our capital plan. Before I turn it back to Gale, I'd like to give a bit of color on the recently proposed Inflation Reduction Act. I'll also provide our guidance for the third quarter. We're still analyzing the details of the proposal. From what we understand now, we believe the proposal would provide additional benefits to our customers from investments in renewables. An option to choose production tax credits for solar projects and the ability to transfer tax credits would provide more flexibility for future renewable investments. This would apply both at our utilities and at the WEC Infrastructure segment. So overall, we see benefits to customers, future investment opportunities and stronger credit metrics. Now, let me give you the guidance for the third quarter. We are expecting a range of $0.82 to $0.84 per share. This accounts for weather and storm recovery costs in July and assumes normal weather for the rest of the quarter. As a reminder, we earned $0.92 per share in the third quarter last year which included $0.05 of better-than-normal weather. And as Gale mentioned earlier, we’re raising our full year guidance to a range of $4.36 to $4.40 per share with an expectation of reaching the top end of the range. With that, I’ll turn it back to Gale.
Xia Liu: Yes, exactly. Like Gale mentioned, we see very manageable impact from AMT. I think in general, probably $20 million, $30 million of increase in cash tax payment. But like Gale mentioned, we see quite a bit of sources of credit metric benefits from either the monetization of tax credits or lower -- just offset by the lower debt balance, financing costs and so forth. So I think overall, if you take into consideration all the moving pieces, we actually see a benefit to the credit metrics.
Xia Liu: Sure. We really don't have a number yet because there's so many moving pieces, as you know, that qualification of production tax credit versus investment tax credit could change the dynamics among just the regulated businesses. So we really haven't quantified a number for you but more to come on that. On the -- you're talking about the supplemental filing that we made in Wisconsin related to a methodology change related to S&P. It's just the update -- the most -- they recently updated their methodology to calculate the imputed debt related to purchase power agreements. So we updated the calculation based on the new methodologies, nothing more than that. And they are applying the same methodologies across the industry. So we're not alone there.
Xia Liu: Yes. I think that like I touched in the formal remarks, we see this overall bill with benefits for customers, for future investment opportunities and credit metrics. So in terms of the sources of customer benefits, obviously, PTCs versus ITCs from solar projects would be one. The flow-through of ITC benefits on stand-alone battery versus normalization could provide the customer benefit. You touched the marketing of tax credits. So that could be beneficial for customers, extension of tax credits. Those are the sources of customer benefits. And then, like Gale touched in terms of future investment opportunities, WEC, for example, right now, we're looking at the tax appetite to try to match our investment opportunities with our tax appetite. Obviously, with marketability of tax credits, that goes away. So that could open up for additional opportunities and we could potentially consider investment opportunities beyond wind. And then I touched already the credit metrics. So I think overall, I think we see this as a potential positive. Having said that, our current capital plan isn’t relying -- built on any of these. So I think we would see some tailwind from this, this was passed. If not, we’re just fine.
Xia Liu: I will add, though, we have the 10% total investment as a portfolio from [ WEC ] so we don't see that change even with this bill passing.
Xia Liu: No, I think the only thing is we are going through the hydrogen test process to learn more on that. And as part of this IRA, there's new clean hydrogen production credit. So that's something that if it indeed is making sense, that would be something we would be happy to look into.
Gale Klappa: Xia, thank you. Overall, we're on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders. Operator, we're ready now for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Gale Klappa: That's a great question, Shar. Based on everything we're seeing today, I don't sense that we're going to enter into any other significant extensions of plants. The dates we gave you, we feel pretty good about in terms of the retirement of the older Oak Creek units. And I think really what's going on here and MISO has said this, I think, fairly clearly, that there's been so much retirement up to date of older coal-fired units, that really they found themselves in a couple of regions in really, really tight capacity situations. Luckily, we've had the diverse supply here. We've been well prepared. We were basically unaffected by the big increase in capacity costs in the last auction but it was very prudent for us to make sure that we have that capacity online. And remember, Shar, these plants that we're extending, these older Oak Creek units, they're not projected to run a great deal. We need them for capacity purposes at high demand times and this protects our customers from continuing high auction costs in future capacity markets. But as we continue to bring the units online that Scott talked about, I think our current plan is likely to hold in terms of the retirement dates. I hope that answers your question.
Gale Klappa: And a benefit also, Shar, one other, I think, point that we'll continue to emphasize, we talk about investment opportunities here, expanding with this piece of legislation, not only at the utilities but also at the Infrastructure segment. But one of the things that comes through clear to us, this is good for our customers. I mean this can help reduce the cost -- investment cost that our regulated customers have to cover. So there's some broad positives here, Shar.
Gale Klappa: Yes. It’s hard to place an absolute time frame on the pace of settlement discussions. Right now, we’re still pretty early in the process. The staff is continuing to -- we continue to interact with the staff on their data requests which are very normal and very good. So that part, the staff audit part which was kicked off by our filing, that’s going smoothly, going well, going on time. And as you say, the administrative law judge in the case has proposed a schedule which I think the interveners would like a little more time in between some of the dates. So I’m not sure the schedule is final but it’s certainly close to final. And I would say steady as she goes. And just a reminder, I mean this case is very straightforward. It’s really all about investment in grid hardening, investment in renewables, investment in reliability and over half of the capital projects in this case have already been approved and our O&M that we proposed is actually lower than what was approved in the last order. So the backdrop is still very positive. And right now, it’s steady as she goes.
Gale Klappa: Great question, Julien. And by the way, I got a question for you when I'm done answering. The small decrease that we saw in large C&I as we kind of -- and remember, we serve industrial customers in 17 different sectors of the economy. So it's a very broad gauge of what's going on. We saw 3 sectors in the first half and in the second quarter that really showed a bit of a decline: food processing, food and food processing. Some of that is related to one of our very large customers that is switching product lines. So they had an outage that's going to extend a little bit. And actually, I think they're going to make more chocolate which is a good thing, according to my wife. But anyway, so electronics, food processing and printing were the 3 categories that showed some decline. Primary metals was up but long story short, the rebound in small commercial customers -- the rebound in the commercial sectors of our economy was very strong and very good. So we'll see where industrial moves in the second half. We're not at all concerned about it. But clearly, what we're seeing is a very, very strong recovery in the commercial side of the business. I mean every commercial area we looked at is up from entertainment to hotels to restaurants to -- you name it. There's a really very active backdrop right now in the Wisconsin economy. So when you put it all together and take a look at it holistically, as Xia said, we feel like we're very much on track with our sales forecast for the year.
Gale Klappa: Yes. I'd just like to add on to something Xia said. She's exactly right, the $17.7 billion 5-year capital plan that we've outlined for you doesn't envision any of these potential benefits. So that's why we think this is broadly positive. I would say just personally and this is just my own view, the idea of the transferability of tax credits, basically creating a market, I think, is actually a superior solution than direct pay, frankly. It's much simpler. It gets rid of -- we don't need tax equity but it gets rid of a tax equity structure that's complicated and time-consuming. I think this is actually a pretty ingenious approach in terms of the transferability of tax credits in the bill. I hope that helps.
Gale Klappa: Yes, I think you're right on. I think you're dead on, Durgesh. And in fact, a little bit of background. I know about some of the background of how this came to be in terms of discussions with Senator Manchin. And the idea that this really opens a much broader opportunity for these tax credits, not just with a tax equity investor, that was a major selling point, a major selling point, period, to all those who were crafting the bill. So I think you really analyzed it well.
Gale Klappa: The short answer is -- I'm going to ask Scott to give you some detail but the short answer is we don't see any implications in terms of the rate case. And the reaction has been uniformly positive. Certainly, the Governor’s office which we communicated well with prior to the announcement was very supportive. The staff at the Public Service Commission, obviously taking its responsibility to help ensure reliability was very positive. The industrial customers were positive. And overall, Scott, this really is not a big factor in changing the revenue requirement.
Gale Klappa: And in addition to that, Jeremy, we were able to reassure, as I mentioned in the script, we were able to reassure everyone that our commitment to really aggressive environmental improvement is unchanged by this action. So it just made a ton of sense both from a customer reliability and customer cost standpoint.
Gale Klappa: At this point in time, Jeremy, it's probably too early to give you how much bigger than a breadbox answer but I will say this. Right now, our significant investments that we've made which as we reported to you, are performing very well in the Infrastructure segment, those have all been wind projects. I think we have 8 wind projects that were committed to and some of them operating already, a number of them operating already. What this does do and Xia pointed to it which is giving companies like ours the option of production tax credits for solar. That could open up an entire avenue of investment in the infrastructure segment for solar simply because of the way the economics work today. So that just gives you an idea. They’re all wind right now in the infrastructure segment. We continue to see opportunities with wind but it could also open up a whole different technology investment with solar.
Gale Klappa: Yes, that’s a good point. We’re -- but the opportunity continues because our regulated business is growing as well. So -- but yes, we intend to keep the Infrastructure segment at around 10% of earnings going forward.
Gale Klappa: So your question is how strong is it, right? Actually, it's -- you're asking an interesting question. The other day, as we were reviewing all of the data, we were asking ourselves, this is really interesting, what are we seeing here? What are the trends? And two answers and Scott and Xia should add their viewpoint but two answers. One is and you've heard me say this a gazillion times, weather normalization is more precise than accurate. So I'm not sure that our weather normalization techniques picked up all of the weather impact that we saw, particularly in Q2. April started out as an abnormally cold month in Wisconsin. And I think that drove some sales and perhaps our weather normalization techniques didn't quite pick up that fully. But the other thing that we're seeing and this is not surprising but positive, a big chunk of the increase that we're seeing and it is a strong increase, is in industrial processes for gas. When you look at the segments of our gas customers, actually, the biggest increase in Q2 is coming from industrial process used for gas. And again, that reflects back on the strength of the economy and we see that as pretty positive. So, I hope that's helpful. It has been a very strong 6 months, no question about that. We'll see what continues here. But the biggest driver in Q2 in terms of the increase we saw was a cold April where residential customers use more gas. And throughout the quarter, the increased use of gas by our large industrial customers for process purposes.
Gale Klappa: Yes. And Sophie, you probably heard our rule of thumb that for every 2 new EVs put onto our system, it’s probably the equivalent, the energy equivalent of a single household. So when you think about -- and we just saw some statistics the other day from the State of Wisconsin projecting the trajectory of EV adoption in the state, if it’s even close to right, Scott’s point will be borne out in really, really fully because, I mean, we only have a few thousand, a couple of thousand EVs in the state today. And they’re projecting just huge numbers by 2030. We’ll see if that’s right. But behind that would have to be a very significant investment particularly with our rule of thumb estimate about 2 new EVs on our system equal to the energy demand of a single household.
Gale Klappa: Well, that's a great question, Michael. I would say this. I don't think there's a one-size-fits-all answer. I think you've hit on it earlier, there's a lot of different models floating around the country, state by state, even the federal government now with the charging plan. So we're very, as you know, very, very early in the development of the whole infrastructure that would support a massive transition to electric vehicles. So I think the jury is still out and time will tell in terms of just -- in terms of how much of the actual charging equipment that utilities will own. But -- and so I really can't -- I don't think anybody can give you a really clear answer on that question today. I will say this though, when you think about and it goes back to Scott's comment on grid hardening. If you think about neighborhood, let's say, a cul-de-sac with, I don't know, 8 homes, for example. If 2 or 3 of those homes adopt EVs, well, we're going to have to put in a much larger transformer in that neighborhood. So there are incredible investment requirements in terms of our basic infrastructure. Forget the charging equipment itself for a moment. There are various significant investment needs that are going to come with the adoption of EVs. And that, I think, will open up again tremendous capital opportunity for a company like ours but also the need to be able to have the grid that really supports that kind of transition to a massive, massive number of EVs. So again, none of that's in our forecast. We will wait and see how we -- how the EV adoption moves forward. But I can tell you it's beginning to gain momentum here in Wisconsin. I don't think there's any question about that. So, I hope that answers your question to some extent. I just don't think there's a good single answer about who owns what to what extent going forward. There are just too many models and too much discussion and development right now to give you a much more specific response.
Gale Klappa: Which again led to us talking with them and making the decision to briefly extend the lives of the older Oak Creek units. Again, it was all about assuring reliability.
Gale Klappa: Very little. It might shift from year to year but I mean, we have so much flexibility in that capital budget that, Scott, I don't see any major impact.
Gale Klappa: Yes, absolutely. Yes, just like every other unit. So basically, this just becomes an asset in our portfolio that we offer to MISO every day.
Gale Klappa: That's a great question. And to clarify, there are really two elements to it and we'll let Scott cover the details. But the first is one of the major solar battery park investments that we are making have already been approved which is what we call the Paris Battery Solar Park. The batteries there are going to be delayed. So that's a piece of it. And then I think, Scott, you mentioned during the prepared script, there are 2 solar projects that we are now going through the regulatory process on and they’re not going to come in on the original dates.
Gale Klappa: Paul, just to kind of put all that in perspective. We're going to be running those older Oak Creek units over the next couple of years here as we extend their lives just a little bit, we're going to be running them as capacity machines. The solar that we were putting in on the batteries were also for capacity. So that's really the trade-off we're making here.
Gale Klappa: So far in Wisconsin, very little. However, in our Infrastructure segment, we've seen some lengthy transmission maintenance outages in the Dakotas, for example. We've seen some transmission issues that seem to now be resolved in Kansas with our Jayhawk wind farm. So sporadically, yes, we have seen some transmission issues and there's no question that we have got to, as a nation, move forward with transmission projects. We've just got to do it to maintain reliability of the grid without a doubt. And that’s why we’re pleased that MISO has gotten to the point where they’ve gotten to and you probably heard Scott, actually, it’s $100 million higher than we thought originally. So the MISO tranche 1 for American Transmission Company is now up to a $900 million investment. All right, sports fans. Well, I think that concludes our conference call for today. Thanks so much for participating. Always enjoy talking with you. If you have any more questions, feel free to contact Beth Straka. She can be reached at (414) 221 4639. Thanks, everybody, so long.
