Gale E. Klappa: Pat, thank you very much. Overall, we're on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.
Gale E. Klappa: Okay, very good questions, Jim. On the minutia question, the answer is no, I did not say we would complete the buyback program in 2013. I did say the board had authorized the program to run through 2013. But as you know, we're being opportunistic. There is no definite timeframe where the board has said we must finish the program for 2013. We will take a look each opportunity we have and go from there. And on the larger question, actually, I think there are 3 pieces to the answer. And the first piece, basically, I heard you asked how do we expect to differentiate ourselves as a quality investment going forward. And I really think it starts with the fact that we have today, we're in a fortunate position that we have greater financial flexibility today than certainly any time in the recent history of this company. And I think we have greater financial flexibility than virtually any other company in the industry. You'll see when we release our new investor deck tomorrow that we're projecting to have over $500 million of free cash flow in the period through 2017. We have, I think, so, number one, terrific financial flexibility. The second piece is even post Power the Future, we have significant growth. The growth is different, as I pointed out in the script, but we have significant growth that is needed in terms of the upgrade and the renewal of our distribution networks. So we're projecting 4% to 6% annual earnings-per-share growth, and given the financial flexibility we have, we think we have best-in-class dividend growth story. So when you put that altogether, I can see us delivering and believe we can deliver 8% to 10% total shareholder returns. And when your risk-adjust that for the type of projects that we have in front of us and the demonstrated ability of the management to deliver projects on time and on budget, I personally think that, that equates to a superior return story.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, I think essentially -- again, a very good question, Jim. Essentially, what we do, and I think many do this, we step back and say what is legitimate capital spending need this business has. And we've identified that, for example, going forward in our new 5-year plan at $3.2 billion to $3.5 billion, okay? So how do we finance the $3.2 billion to $3.5 billion? In our case, that can be done with internally generated cash and also keeping our debt to total capital where it needs to be. So then, once you've identified that, what does your dividend policy evolve to from that situation, because in our case, we don't believe we need to issue additional equity. So in essence, we piece the puzzle together, starting with what is our growth opportunity, what is the investment need in the business, how do we finance that and then what can we do to stay at the efficient frontier for a company like ours on dividend policy.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, we're not from the government, but we are here to help you, Greg. The truth of the matter is I think we will know a great deal more by July. The legislature now in Wisconsin is just back into session and the governor will be presenting his new biannual budget to the legislature sometime in the next few weeks. So there are a couple of different opportunities if a bill to authorize the sale of state power plants and other state assets, if that -- a bill like that is to move forward, there are a number of opportunities certainly in the first half of this year. So I believe we'll have much a clearer view of whether a sale of the state-owned power plants is imminent by the time the budget passes in July.
Gale E. Klappa: Sure, I'd be happy to. Now, one of the things that you will see and that may confuse some folks, as you look at our O&M reports over the next 4 quarters, just remember, we had an amortization holiday under our previous rate order that, in essence, put up on our balance sheet or kept on our balance sheet a $148 million of regulatory assets that did not amortize through O&M in 2012. That stopped as of January 1 of this year. So you're going to see $148 million increase in essence in O&M over the course of 2013 compared to 2012, but that's because of the regulatory amortization holiday ending. Essentially, there will be a very modest other increase in normal O&M. There'll be some increase related to some of the capital projects that we have on the distribution side of the business, are 80% capital, 20% O&M under the rate formulas. So you may see some very modest increase in overall O&M, but day-to-day O&M other than that associated with supporting capital projects will be flat.
Gale E. Klappa: Yes. The $150 million project that we said, roughly $150 million capital project for western Wisconsin that I mentioned earlier in the call is directly associated with a major project for that part of the state. And it's related to 2 things. One, yes, we're seeing substantial increase in frac sand mining, but we also have customer growth there as customers convert from propane. So our projections are showing a dwindling amount of reserve capacity in the western part of the state. So we think there's a very solid and important case to make to the Public Service Commission for construction authority for that project, and we'll be making that case this year.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, we'd be happy to do that. First of all, there are -- and we're not certain if the state would put all of these plants up for bid or just some of them. All of that is yet to be determined. But if all of them were put up for sale, there are 37 of them, 3 or 4 are reasonable size. 3 or 4 are actually power plants that produce electricity for the grid and steam for a particular type of state customer. The remainder other than those 3 or 4, which are of reasonable size, the remainder are smaller steam plants that produce steam heat for specific state facilities. For example, the University of Wisconsin Milwaukee has a relatively new steam heat plant. It doesn't produce electricity for the grid but does produce district heat for a particular part of that campus. In terms of investment opportunity, we have a placeholder. We have not been allowed, no one has been because this hasn't been finally decided by the state. No one has been able to really do any due diligence on a particular project for these 37 different facilities. There's a state --as just a placeholder, we're thinking $200 million to $250 million.
Gale E. Klappa: Other way to look at that is weather normalized, basically, we're expecting to hit the earnings targets we've given you with essentially no sales growth. 0.2%, weather-normalized, excluding the mines.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, very good question. And I think, as you know, this is a question that is really beginning to be asked all over the industry. The first thing I would say is lots of companies will give you earnings growth projections and then when you dig deeper and say, well, what's behind that in terms of sales growth, 1%, 2% or 3%, we have never based our earnings growth projections on what we think are anything but appropriately conservative and rational sales ACs, but input from our customers. So let me take it segment by segment because I think there's a different story to answer your question in each one of the 3 segments. First, the large industrial, strictly tied to the economy. We -- if you normalize our 2012 numbers, I think we were up 1.1% in industrial, nothing to write home about but -- I mean just intuitively to me, given what we're seeing in the economy in Wisconsin, that felt about right. Commercial, we are up weather-normalized. It seems to me like we're seeing modest but continuing, predictable growth in the commercial segment of our customer group. The real puzzling one is residential. And there, I have a theory and I could be wrong. But it does not make a lot of sense to me when I see our weather-normalized residential sales. And I was talking with Scott Lauber the other day and he was saying, we had to weather-normalize 4% of our sales, closer to 5% of our sales, just because of the abnormal weather in 2011 and 2012. That's a huge number of megawatt hours. And we were 4, 5 standard -- well, 3 or 4 standard deviations away from norm in terms of the weather over the last couple of years. So my view is that we really need another year to update on residential before we really understand what's happening in terms of residential customer demand. I just am not seeing, and I don't think any of us are seeing, a major change in lifestyle in terms of our residential customers. We are seeing a change in the appliances and tools that are available to our customers to live their lifestyles. They're getting more efficient support from appliances, from TVs and everything else. But I still think our residential growth is underlying stronger than the numbers are showing because at this kind of deviation from norm, the weather normalization techniques just are not that accurate. So we really -- we're cautious. We're not going to promise you sales growth that we can't deliver. And I think the key going forward, if we don't see a rebound in growth, particularly in residential, the key going forward is going to be cost discipline. We have to continue to drive cost and productivity in our business. I hope that helps, Paul.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, actually, I mean we have a construct with our regulators in Wisconsin that I think is quite beneficial to everyone, and that is the commission has asked each of the Wisconsin utilities to file a case every 2 years with a 2-year forward-looking test period. So to me, the 2-year forward-looking test period, taking into account reasonable assumptions of sales demand -- sales and demand growth really is among the best protection you can get anywhere.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, first of all, and you will see this on our investor deck that we're going to release tomorrow, the new breakdown of the 5-year capital spend, I will give you 5 numbers. For 2013, we're estimating $656 million of capital; for 2014, $589 million; and for 2015, $741 million.
Gale E. Klappa: Yes, that's at the utility, exactly. That's coming off of by comparison $697 million of the utility for 2012. And we have that further broken down of the slide in the investor deck, the generation, electric delivery, gas delivery, renewables, et cetera. So you'll see a pretty granular breakdown tomorrow. But those are the essential numbers going forward. And then your other question about cash flow. What we're showing in our projections is a little better than $500 million of free cash for the 5-year period 2013 through 2017 after capital spending and after our dividend policy that we've announced is implemented.
Gale E. Klappa: No. In fact -- the short answer is no. But we've had very good control of our working capital over the course of the last several years. In addition to that, from a pension fund standpoint, we're almost 100% funded, which many companies cannot say. So we don't see anything else like that lurking that would show a deviation in the numbers.
Gale E. Klappa: And we'll ask Allen Leverett to comment on the timing for the air permit for the fuel blending at Oak Creek.
Gale E. Klappa: No, I don't think the mine is becoming a much smaller and smaller operation, but they are -- they're very good about informing us of their plan in terms of when they see demand and how they expect to run their mine operations throughout the course of the year. And clearly, what we did when we put together our industrial forecast for 2014 was take the input from the mines on when they might, in essence, have a slowdown in their operations in 2013. So what you're seeing is basically the mines having more variable operation than perhaps the past couple of years.
Gale E. Klappa: Looking at Scott. I would say the lion's share of it -- now, we did have 2 customers, but they were smaller in 2012 go to self-generation. But the lion's share of it, Scott, would be the mines.
Gale E. Klappa: They are on an interruptible rate by and large because it's not a very significant movement in terms of just looking at, say, 2013 versus 2012. No significant difference in earnings impact.
Gale E. Klappa: Tilden. All right. Well, ladies and gentlemen, I believe that concludes our conference call for today. Thank you so much for participating. If you have any other questions, Colleen Henderson will be available in our Investor Relations office and her direct line, (414) 221-2592. Thanks again. Have a good afternoon, everybody.
James Patrick Keyes: Sure, I'll be glad to. So we projected overall, a decrease in weather normalized sales of 0.7%. However, if you exclude the mines, it's really an increase of 0.2%.
James Patrick Keyes: Yes. And then if you flip quickly through the segments. Residential is basically flat. Small C&I, a slight increase of 0.3% and then large C&I, we projected a decrease of 2.4%. But if you exclude the mines, again, the large C&I is actually going to be an increase of 0.2%.
James Patrick Keyes: Michael, this is Pat. Let me clarify. The $500 million over the 5 years is before we start the buyback. So in other words, we would use the $500 million as cash to help fund the buyback.
James Patrick Keyes: Michael, we appreciate it. I guess the only thing I could say is you know how that cash was generated, certainly from operations, also from bonus depreciation. That bonus depreciation kind of falls off over time. If you're running like next year's model and you're saying, boy, you're sure generating a lot of that cash next year, that wouldn't surprise me if that's what your model said. Certainly, we expect more of the cash flow over the 5 years to be in the upfront years than in the back-end.
James Patrick Keyes: Exactly, Gale. So I would look at it this way. If first quarter was a $0.03, you can expect to see something similar, same zip code, second quarter and third quarter, and then a $0.09 pickup in Q4 so it all comes clean.
James Patrick Keyes: Yes, glad to, Dan. We have got debt retiring, I believe it's in May at Wisconsin Electric of about $300 million. So you can expect us to be out for a bond over roughly that amount, roughly Q2, Q3. And then at Wisconsin Gas, we have got $45 million of debt retiring in Q4. I would expect we'll be doing a new issue of Q3, Q4 at Wisconsin Gas in the $100 million, $150 million neighborhood.
Allen L. Leverett: Yes, we expect to have that resolved in the first quarter of the year. So I certainly see it as being in the first part of this year. But we'll have to work with not only the U.S. EPA, but we're also working with the Wisconsin DNR. So we have to work with both agencies, get their concurrence and then the DNR is the one that will actually issue the permit. So we hope to have all of that wrapped up in the first quarter so that we can begin the testing, say, in the second quarter of this year.
Allen L. Leverett: It's somewhat back-end loaded, Michael. And we sound like a broken record talking about this package that's coming out tomorrow, but in the package that comes out tomorrow, you'll see kind of a 3-year path for the capital spending at ATC. So in 2013, we expect the spending to be roughly $291 million and then $255 million in '14 and then it jumps. It's projected to jump to $362 million in 2015. So it's somewhat back-end loaded, and in fact, some of the really large projects that are in their forecast during the -- are out, say, in year 7, 8, 9 because those are projects that are associated with transmission fixes for the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. So those are pretty far out in the forecast. So in general, pretty back-end loaded, and the package tomorrow will show you the year-by-year detail, at least for the next 3 years at ATC.
Allen L. Leverett: I want to say that the 2012 CapEx -- I thought it was around the $250 million number that you mentioned, actually, Michael, but let me get, Pat, maybe if you could check that number.
Allen L. Leverett: Nothing has changed in their tariff. So it's still 12 to ROE, roughly 50% equity deemed capital structure.
Allen L. Leverett: So they're 2 major mines, Paul. There's the Empire Mine and the Tilden Mine. And the one that's been doing the extended shutdowns, I believe, is the Empire Mine.
Dan Jenkins: I was wondering, you mentioned -- update us a little bit on the CapEx program and apparently, there'll be more details tomorrow.
Dan Jenkins: Okay. Then I was also wondering, I'm trying to get a better idea of what's going on in the large commercial, industrial. You had fairly large decline mostly related to the mines and those 2 self-generation customers in 2012.
Dan Jenkins: Okay. So they're going to be even lower than they were though in '12 again? And so that's what I would...
Dan Jenkins: Okay. And then you mentioned that you're nearly fully funded on the pension. Will you need to make any more contributions in 2013 or will that...
