Allen L. Leverett: Yeah and I’m not sure, Greg, what time period you were at the site. We don’t actually have a blending facility. What you might be remembering is inside that very large cold storage building there is – what’s called a stacker reclaimer, but we don’t actually have the capability right now to be able to blend at the site …
Allen L. Leverett: … either on the belt or inside the boiler itself. So what we are looking to do is really explore next year, two approaches to doing fuel blending. So one, the so-called on the belt where you actually have a blending facility like you are probably thinking of at other sites and then another approach where you would actually blend what they call in the furnace. So we are going to look at those two approaches and then figure out what’s really the best long-term approach to really getting some fuel flexibility at the site.
Allen L. Leverett: Well, I guess, I would think of it in terms of potential blend percentages. And our long-term goal Greg is to be able to burn either 100% bituminous or 100% PRB. So we want to be able to burn all blends in between, but I think realistically probably the highest we’re going to get on PRB for a while would be 80% PRB. But we will have to do a lot of testing in order to figure out what’s the best approach and what are the hurdles that we will have to overcome to get to that 80% level. So I think for the next few years, I think that's probably from a practical standpoint the cap on what we could burn in terms of PRB, but longer-term we would like the flexibility to go to 100%.
Allen L. Leverett: Paul, we – sorry Paul we misunderstood that. The benefit to the quarter on a year-to-year basis was $19 million. In the third quarter we had higher costs because the plants are running and so last year we under recovered by $34 million and this year it’s about $15 million. So the change was about $19 million.
Gale E. Klappa: And Greg this is Gale. Just one other point that might be helpful, we did invest early on and you maybe remembering this as well, early on in the design of these new units we did invest about $24 million to make sure that with an additional investment that Allen’s talking about, we could actually have the unit do operate on a blend of coals. So the initial design and the initial work there built in the capability we need, so that if we made an additional investment in blending it could actually pay off.
Gale E. Klappa: Good question, Greg and those in terms of that 2012 through 2016 $3.5 billion program these fall inside.
Gale E. Klappa: Again, good question, Greg. If this occurs, meaning if legislation – this takes a piece of legislation to enable the current administration to sell those units. There are 37, some of them very small, but 37 generating units some of them provide steam only across the State of Wisconsin. I certainly – from everything we can tell the governor would still like to put the operation of those plants and the environmental upgrades that will cost several hundred million dollars into the private sector. And if that occurs, it would occur I think in 2013 with a piece of legislation. So that will be a 2013 event if it does occur. But certainly the logic of why that would be a good thing for the state is firmly in place.
Gale E. Klappa: Sure, be happy to and really the trip wire was very simple and it consisted of two factors that Pat and I took into account. And the first was that we continue to do very well on cash generation this year. And as you know we don’t think building up and just holding cash on our balance sheet makes a whole lot of sense. So we were continuing to do well against our plan on cash generation for a number of reasons. And then secondly, as you know the market choked a little bit over the last few months particularly after utilities hit a high in early August and we thought as the stock price retreated some we thought it was a good opportunity to spend a very modest amount of money it was only $14 million. And so those were the factors that led to our decision to go ahead and repurchase $14 million. As I mentioned we are now at about $114 million total of our share repurchases since the start of 2011. And we’ve been able to do that at $31.45 a share for the average repurchase price, which we think is very, very good price. I don’t think you can read anything into what that might mean for the next few quarters. We can be very patient here, but again I think fundamentally a build-up of cash on the balance sheet it’s better even where the stock is trading to buyback stock than to build up a lot of cash on the balance sheet. But we also are balancing all of that against investment opportunities as we see them. So our preference obviously would be to invest the capital and our cash flow in additional utility like projects that do not change our risk profile. One of which of course, would be the one we just talked about if it came to pass, which would be the state-owned power plants.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, we mentioned in the prepared remarks that the first phase of this project we thought, if approved would be approximately $150 million. There is as we look at potential demand and as we look at reliability issues in the western part of the state, there could be beyond this first phase a second phase that might be $50 million, $60 million of additional capital as well, but that would be a little further out into the five year period. Let me just say this about the western gas expansion project that we’re going to prepare an application for to the commission. The western part of Wisconsin is quite rural, and our distribution network out there in the western part of the state has not been incredibly robust. But we’re seeing other things going on in addition to the explosion of frac sand mining there. It means the frac sand is not the only reason why we think this is an investment we need to make for reliability. We have two hubs out in the western part of the state where our reserve margins even with very modest growth will go below acceptable levels over the next couple of years. So, just looking at system reliability on our gas distribution network we believe we need to make this investment and then we’re also seeing and you can see it in the numbers I mentioned earlier. We’re also seeing a pretty significant uptick in customers moving to natural gas particularly from propane in rural areas. I think I mentioned to you, our new customer connections over our entire system for the first nine months of this year on the natural gas side are up 14% compared to a year ago. So we’re seeing customer growth, we’re seeing just general demand requiring us to make some enhancements and then we’re seeing a very, very strong expansion of frac sand mining in the western part of the state. I believe for example just talking with our folks yesterday that we’re in conversations with 12 or more frac sand mining operations in the western part of the state who asked us to take a hard look at providing them service.
Gale E. Klappa: Okay, well essentially on the rate order that we have in place freezing base rates, it has as part of that order $37 million per quarter in essence of cessation of amortization of regulatory assets. So if you look at this quarter for example, of the O&M reduction $37 million was tied to the rate order and the cessation of amortization of regulatory assets, the remainder is what I would say – and I am really proud of our managers across the business, the remainder is dozens of very solid O&M cost control initiatives that have really been bearing fruit.
Gale E. Klappa: Really kind of apples-to-oranges, because a big part – well the biggest part of our rate case is, the recovery off and on at $1.3 billion of capital investment on projects the commission has already approved. So we do our adding to our rate request because we need people to operate for example, the quality controls at the overall creek units that are now in service. So in essence what I think you could – the conclusion you could properly draw is that for basic ongoing O&M we tried to stay pretty flat from 13 to 12, but there is a component of O&M that we need to add because we’re adding people to operate the new assets coming into service.
Gale E. Klappa: I will ask Allen Leverett to answer that, but to frame it for you, I don’t think the dispute is about who’s going to build the line, it’s who will eventually own what chunk of the line.
Gale E. Klappa: The two particular customers that we mentioned that have moved to self-generation where in my opinion fairly unique circumstances. One is a paper mill and they are moving more to use of biomass to fuel their paper operations, and the other is a sewage district where they’ve got the ability to use some methane gas on and off. Those circumstances again I think are pretty unique to those two particular customers. I would not view this as a trend.
Gale E. Klappa: Well relative to third quarter guidance I think there are couple of places where we did better than we thought when we gave our third quarter guidance. And the first is, when we were on the call at the end of the second quarter we knew we'd have some warm weather, but overall we came in better than we thought just on revenues, because of the intense heat in early July and then it got warmer again towards the end of the quarter. So particularly the warmth we saw at the end of the quarter. We had a sense because when we were on the call we knew about the early July, but the warmth at the end of the quarter was quite helpful in terms of additional sales and then I believe we actually did a little bit on fuel recovery than we thought we were going to do.
Gale E. Klappa: Yeah, I think Pat’s kind of nailed it. But as we said during the prepared remarks, we fully expect to earn our allowed authorized return on equity at Wisconsin Electric.
Gale E. Klappa: Yeah. We completed the last segment of the air quality control upgrade at the older Oak Creek units on September 4. So when that happens obviously we stop accruing allowance for funds used during construction. We start depreciating the new asset. So, all of those two things the cessation of AFUDC, and the depreciation of the asset are basically – almost $900 million project, that's a pretty big swing for Q4.
Gale E. Klappa: I’ll tell you what we can do. We will be happy to call Leslie later after the call, since she obviously is having some difficultly with either her phone or with the power in New York.
Gale E. Klappa: You are correct, I think we said 9.8% uptick in for the nine month period this year compared with the first nine months of last year in Electric, new customer connections, but on the natural gas side it's actually above 14% growth. We are coming off though a very low period of growth in terms of new customers. So these are nice upticks, but we're still only seeing about a three to four tenths of 1% growth in the total customer base of both the electric -- actually probably four tenth of 1% growth on the natural gas side so far this year, little less than that on the electric slide, but encouraging -- encouraging.
Gale E. Klappa: Because if you look at and let's assume for a minute, all right, let's a take a one million for ease of discussion. We have about one million natural gas customers. So if you have four tenth of 1% growth in one year or three tenth of 1% growth in one year, and then four or five tenths of 1% growth in the next comparable period, you’re not going to drive the raw numbers that much higher. It's the percentage growth compared to …
Gale E. Klappa: And Will, I’m looking at Scott and Steve on specifically on the iron ore mine, because they were at half load during those really hot days, and they’re about -- probably it would have added another 100 megawatts.
Gale E. Klappa: 50 to 100 additional megawatts. But there’s one other point that's important here, and that is, this was July 5 and July 6. And as you know, during the first week of July a lot of manufacturing customers are shutdown for summer all of that week because it's a holiday week. So, not only did we have the mines because of their planned outage at half load if you will, but we had a lot of manufacturing customers that weren’t operating. So, there is no doubt in my mind that had it been a normal week, assume for a minute those hot temperatures that occurred on July 5 and July 6, had occurred on July 15. No doubt in my mind we would have set a new peak.
Gale E. Klappa: Yeah. It does include that, but it also includes the two customers that we talked about that moved to self-generation.
Gale E. Klappa: Really I don't see us having a lot of -- we haven't had a lot of inquiries where there are not many, many discussions going on with customers about combined heat and power investments. Our industrial rates I believe are low enough, and then of course we have for new and expanding customers a real time pricing rate that is very attractive. I think when we you look at our combination of the tools we have to be able to offer and to expanding customers and new customers and be very competitive. I think we stack up very, very well. And if I can give you and then I hope this won't confuse you. Let me give you two other energy sales statistics that were helpful to me, because when we start talking about weather adjusted and all these ins and outs, sometimes I think we can get lost in that and actually when you have weather as extreme as we've experienced both in the summer of 2011 and the summer 2012, you kind of get at the -- you kind of get two standard deviations away from norm and our weather normalization techniques that are available to the industry aren't that good frankly at the tail-end of these standard deviations. So what I asked our folks to do is go back and tell me for the spring-summer period. So the six-month period ended September 30; April, May, June, July, August, and September; just give me actual results for residential sales for this period, this year and that second and third quarter period last year. And this helped me sort through the trend. Our residential sales that was warm both years -- in both quarters of both years. Our residential for the six months ended September 30 are up 2.9% actual. Our small commercial and industrial is up 2.7%, and that makes a lot more sense to me, it is warm both periods, different patterns in terms of the intensity of the weather, but I think that may shed some light on the fact that I don't see us in a huge declining trend here.
Gale E. Klappa: Yeah. I follow and I appreciate that. I do think; well first of all many of the utilities that you’re properly saying or seeing negative trends here in sales growth, many of those were in the faster growth regions of the country, where the boom and bust has been much more dramatic than it has been in the Midwest. We simply are just more stable and have been through this recession than many, many other regions. There's not a flash of growth here, but it is steady and it is stable and we’re beginning to see some commercial activity that we've not seen in five or six years. Announcement of new shopping centers, announcement of a potential brand new skyscraper in downtown Milwaukee. The one trend I am seeing I think is, that we are beginning to see some commercial growth on the horizon that we've not seen over the last five or six years. On the residential side, the other thing we are seeing is a continuation of what I've mentioned in past calls. Where we have -- what we call in the industry a shoulder month. Take a May or an October where it's easy for a customer not to turn-on the heat or to turn-off the air conditioning. We're seeing more conservation in the shoulder months where it is easier to concern. I don't think there’s any question about that. So, those would be the two trends that I would point out to you; shoulder month conservation to a stronger degree than we have seen in the past and I think here for this region, some commercial growth that's on the horizon that may give our commercial and industrial sales a bit of a lift.
Gale E. Klappa: Yeah. And overall, as I mentioned in addition and Steve is very accurate on the things he cited. We just have a lot of cost consciousness and a lot of cost control going on across the organization. Its little things here and there; but they all add up.
Gale E. Klappa: Dan I was hoping to hear from you today. Now before we get into this, I want to make sure that you’re prepared for Halloween tonight. You have your bail money in small denominations, small bills because I am not going to bail you out again Dan.Daniel Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: I have big bills, so …
Gale E. Klappa: Sure, and I’d be happy to Dan. In essence let me back up because I want to frame the case a little bit, and I think that’ll help understand the briefs that have been filed in the case by all the parties. The predominant driver of our rate filing, remember it's 3.6% base rate increase that we're seeking. The overwhelmingly predominant driver is the capital we spent about $1.3 billion on the Glacier Hills Wind Park, on the air quality controls that we've just completed at the older Oak Creek units. Those are projects that were approved by the Commission. We've brought them in on time and on budget. And in the case of the air quality control upgrade actually better than budget. So the rate case is in essence about seeking recovery in rates for those investments that were previously approved. So the lion share of the case is about capital, that's already been spent. A very small amount of the case is about our O&M projections on how much O&M we need to spend in 2013 and 2014, because if you recall in Wisconsin we have a two-year forward looking test year, so we project our expenses and our investment levels for 2013 and 2014 as part of the rate case. The staff is suggesting that we should spend less O&M than we have proposed for the 2013 and 2014 period. But it appears that they are comfortable with and we would expect they would have been comfortable with the capital investments and the fact that they were brought in previously approved on time and on budget. So, the final rounds of briefs and discussions among the parties and with the commissioners as they’re briefed is really about what's the -- it’s really about now down to what is the O&M that's the appropriate O&M for us for 2013 and 2014. And as I mentioned to you for all of the Wisconsin utilities this year the Commission has decided that the current allowed return on equity and the current capital structure will stay in place. Does that help, Dan?Daniel Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: So what's the ROE that’s …
Gale E. Klappa: For our Wisconsin Electric operation it's 10.4% and for our Wisconsin gas Corporation it's 10.5%.Daniel Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. So the 3.6% is that like a onetime or is that, is there like one in 2013 and one in 2014 for the electric rate …
Gale E. Klappa: That is exactly right Dan.Daniel Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: And I had a question, you mentioned …
Gale E. Klappa: Well, clearly the appetite for moving that forward will somewhat depend upon the outcome of the election in early November. However my sense is that there are some democratic legislators depending upon the use of the proceeds from the sale that could be very supportive of the sale. So, I'm not sure this is really a hugely part as an issue going forward and some of the support for the concept of selling the State owned power plants may well lie in, what would the governor intend to do with these one-time proceeds?Daniel Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. And just to go back a little bit on what you're seeing, particularly from the manufacturing side. First, I just want to clarify on the ones that are doing self-generation. When do you expect that you won't be seeing the year-over-year impact on that? When did those kind of go off system so that the …
Gale E. Klappa: Well, I think we've seen the impact on -- I'm looking at Scott Lauber and he’s agreeing. I believe we've seen about the impact that we expect to see and we'll see it in this year's numbers. Comparisons next year should not have any further impact from the two customers or if so modest, very modest.
Gale E. Klappa: I wouldn’t necessary place a ton of weight on that in terms of its influence on our large manufacturing customer base. What we look at, and we do this every week. We see a report that shows what is happening with our large industrial customers every single week and we look at it from the standpoint of latest four weeks compared to the prior four weeks. Latest 13 weeks compared to the 13 weeks of a year ago, and then week-to-week. So we have a very good reporting system that keeps us very much in tune with what's happening with our largest industrial customers. And right now, I think the bottom-line of what we're seeing is flat overall.
Gale E. Klappa: And Dan, to Pat’s last point. I think you'll find we’re one of the few large companies around that will be fully funded on their pension liabilities.
Gale E. Klappa: We've proven to be very effective, very strong, very capable at managing our O&M costs, and I don't think that will change in any way, shape or form
Gale E. Klappa: Meaning outside of the O&M we needed to have for the additional people to run those additional – the additional assets. The answer is yes.
Gale E. Klappa: Good question, Vedula. I don’t believe we have in the room with us the exact percentages of the breakdown of rates. How much is in fixed charges, how much is volumetric. We can certainly get that for you and call you back after the call, but in our current rate case, we are asking, I believe for some adjustment upward in the fixed charges. And again the specific percentage breakdown we don't have in the room with us, but it's a matter of public record and we can certainly get that to you later this afternoon.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, clearly with the – with what we’ve asked for in terms of modest adjustments in our rate structures and the rate case. We think it would be helpful to move in that direction, meaning a bit away from volumetric and more toward the fixed charge. So the answer is yes.
Gale E. Klappa: You’re welcome, Vedula. Take care. All right. Well, ladies and gentlemen that concludes our conference call for today. We appreciate very much your participating. If you have any other questions, Colleen Henderson will be available in the Investor Relations office. Her direct line 414-221-2592. Thanks everybody. See you in Scottsdale.
Stephen P. Dickson: That’s right. So $101 million for the year and at the utility the O&M reduction is about $107 million. So you’ve got $4 million of increase cost and that’s across the Boards benefit cost, medical costs or higher. So basically at the utility the story is the freeze on the amortization.
Stephen P. Dickson: Yeah, basically last year weather was favorable by about $21 million, this year it's favorable by about $23 million compared to normal, so that’s how you got the $2 impact as compared to last year. But compared to normal it's about $23 million better compared to normal this year.
Stephen P. Dickson: Yeah you’re right. It’s about $53 million decline and $37 million relates to the amortization. There's a lot of small things in there, one of the things is the gas distribution expenses were down because there was a mild winter. So as we didn't need to perform as much work. There was a slight benefit in miscellaneous benefits expense because of a share performance on one of the benefit plans. So, that was a benefit to the Company reduction in expense and again that's tied to the stock price compared to other companies, but that was relatively minor. But there’s a lot of small things, but maintenance and the delivery. And yeah, the other thing that helped us on the Electric side, even though it was very hot in the third quarter, we did not experience major storms. And so the storm expense was low compared to last year.
