Gale Klappa: Allen, thank you very much. Overall we’re on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stock holders.
Gale Klappa: Very good question, Greg. The race for governor, which I think would be the key race related to future strategy that the State might follow regarding renewable, the race for governor is tight, the last publicly available polls show the Republican slightly ahead, three to five points perhaps and I do think there is a difference of philosophy between the two candidates for governor as it relates to additional renewable portfolio standards beyond the year 2015.  So, let me start by saying, regardless of which candidate wins the elections, I don’t believe any of the plans that we have laid out here regarding Glacier Hills or regarding the Biomass project would see any material change. We have a state standard in place for 2015, I think everyone expects us to meet that State standard and regardless of which governor or which candidate is in the governor’s match and after January, I don’t see any change in that standard for 2015. The change that might come if for example the Republican wins the race, because it is I think he would probably want us to step back and take our foot of the accelerator and not have a stronger standard for the year 2020 or 2025. On the other hand if the Democratic candidate is the Mayor of Milwaukee wins he would express the definite interest in having a renewable portfolio standard at a higher level for the year 2025. So, in essence of the plans we had laid out and that our folks are working on in terms of construction and planning related to the new wind farm at Glacier Hills related to the new Biomass units, I see no impact from the election and we’ll just have to see how things play out regarding any standard for the State beyond 2015. I hope that answers your question, Greg.
Gale Klappa: Greg, good question, and we will be basically laying out a base case and then sensitivities around the base case for our Board of Directors in December, Allen is now going through all of our model runs, updating all of our projections and we will actually cover that information with the board first and then if you would like, with you second.
Gale Klappa: That question Mike, I am going to ask for Kuester, as up our generation unit to answer that question for you.
Gale Klappa: If you look at where we are today, which is probably about 4.25% and then you add on Glacier Hills and then you add on the Biomass project. Depending upon our sales forecast we may have some small gap to close by 2015, which as Rick said, we might be able to close, in fact I think we’ve closed a bit already with some short-term PPAs for wind energy.  But basically we’re about there or close to there for 2015. However, with the projects we’ve mentioned and with the short-term small PPAs that Rick and his team have already signed. However, very important distinction, we get there for 2015, but we’re getting there impart by using up a bank of credits that we’ve already been granted. So, we don’t stay there in 2016 and therefore we need to really get offence of what the state policy will be asking us to accomplish because we can achieve and then have the plan in place to achieve 2015, but if you have any growth in sales at all and then by using up the bank to get there in 2015, we immediately become short in 2016 and shorter each year going out. So, that’s why it’s important to get clarification on the policy going forward at the State.
Gale Klappa: Well, that’s not really. I understand exactly why you are asking the question, it’s a good question. But for example, if it’s determined that we need to continue to stay at say 10% state wide post 2015, then Rick and his team would have to get moving as he mentioned earlier on some projects and looking around for what the additional projects we might put in the pipeline, then I could see as for example as we self build, beginning construction, if we had the need of the continuing standard in 2012.
Gale Klappa: And Nathan, we are seeing, what we call the shoulder marks where there is really not a very strong requirement for air conditioning or heating. We are definitely seeing a conservation where its easier to conserve. We have not seen so far when it’s very sticky and very warm.  We haven’t seen a significant amount of additional conservation and when it’s very cold, we haven’t seen a significant amount of additional conservation. But in those shoulder months, like for example this month, where we have had warmer than normal temperatures, you can definitely see a fall off. So, I think that’s where we are beginning to see the most impact from customer conservation.
Gale Klappa: Well, first of all, we have in our short, medium and longer term forecasting, we have factored in already an element of conservation. What we have seen so far, as Allen said in his remarks, in essence if you look overall across all of our retail customer groups, we are basically tracking pretty darn well against the forecast. We haven’t seen anything alarming or anything that would say that there our forecasting is off base, in terms of the very modest decline that we are seeing on a per customer basis, particularly on the residential side. Now having said that, we also continue to see modest customer growth, we were serving several thousand more customers at the end of September this year than at the end of September last year. We are actually seeing an up tick in gas distribution customers as well. So, you are going to see some conservation, you are going to see, I hope continued customer growth and then if we get any kind of economic rebound from here, remember our industrial sales are below 2008 level still, so if we get any kind of economic rebound from here that also will help in terms of kilowatt hour sales.  So, at the moment, I don’t think there is any cause for alarm or concern here related to any kind of real change against our forecast with what we are seeing in the real world. And then on your question about the coupling, I am still a bit of a skeptic as it relates to that dramatic change in the business model, particularly on the electric side. I think frankly the Wisconsin Commission is a bit skeptical as well.  One other utility in the state has a pilot program for the coupling underway, I think every one has agreed to step back and let see the results down the road of that small coupling experiment to see if that’s the right track to go down, but at the moment, I don’t see a need for any dramatic change in the business model.
Gale Klappa: Sure. I’ll take the first and then Allen can give you some specifics on the forecast for 2011. Let me just say this, the forecast for 2011 based on what we have seen so far is unchanged from the forecast that we used in our rate case for 2011. But first a little bit of color on the slowdown, about the second to third week of September and we track, by the way Jim, we track 17 large sectors, large industrial sectors of the economy here every week. So, I see, Allen sees, Rick sees, we all see a weekly report on industrial energies by sector across these 17 large customer segments. For the third quarter, 13 of the 17 segments were green, in other words 13 of the 17 segments showed growth over the third quarter of a year ago. We are still seeing the majority of the segments have growth, but there is no question that about the second to third week of September, it’s almost like our industrial customers took a collective breath, it’s not one single segment, but a kind of across the board.  The growth rate slowed down and we are really kind of seeing a pause. Now, that pause has continued into October, I cannot tell you if it’s permanent, if it’s a blip or if we’re starting to see the early signs of a downturn, but I can tell you its pretty visible in terms of at least a pause in the phase of the recovery and it’s pretty much across the board.
Gale Klappa: Right and part of the reason for that is we had a warm winter. We did not have a very cold winter and so the gas, that was reflected in the gas distribution margins.
Gale Klappa: Alright, Dan. Dan, we got to have a little discussion here. I was with the governor the other day. And he mentioned, he is going to be retiring in January and he asked if he had done any good at all with managing his pension funds.
Gale Klappa: It really almost shows no growth from what we expected in 2011, I am sorry in 2010. So basically if you just look at everything weather normalized across the board, particularly on the largest industrial side it’s really not any kind of up-tick from what we thought we were going to experience in 2010.
Gale Klappa: Steve, in fact that the Chrysler engine plant saw it’s last production day this past Friday, so but we already add that crank into the forecast.
Gale Klappa: And Jay to you second question, if for some reason the unit were to go beyond November 28 without being commercial, our agreement with Bechtel has November 28 said as the guarantee date beyond November 28 unless we and Bechtel agree on a weaver there would a liquidated damages owed to the utility of $250,000 a day. 
Gale Klappa: Exactly. So no calls for alarm at this stage of the game and I must say Rick is right, I mean we really think based on what we’ve seen out at unit one and what we’ve seen so far and the testing our of unit two, that these are going to be very efficient, very good units for our customers for many years to come.
Gale Klappa: You’re more than welcome, Jay. Well ladies and gentleman that concludes our conference call for today. We really appreciate your participating. If you have any other questions Colleen Henderson will be alive and available on our Investor Relations office, her direct line 414-221-2590. Thank you very much. Good afternoon everybody. 
Allen Leverett: Well Vedula what we have said about our cash flow picture based on the plan that we laid out to our Board in February of this year, is that we would expect funds from operations to reach across over point versus the sum of dividends and capital spending meaning FFO would be greater than the sum of common dividends and CapEx in either 2012 or 2013. And so part of what we’ll do in the exercise that we will go through with the Board later this fall in December is the update that, but based upon the plan we laid out in February that cross over point was in 2012 or 2013.
Allen Leverett: Well, that’s certainly a big piece but yeah, the environmental spending. Anyhow, as we’ve said in our public presentations, they’re certainly. Although, we are ahead of the curve versus other utilities on that spending, there would be some potential spending in front of us depending upon where those things, where those rules go. So, environmental is certainly one that I would put on the list, another that I put on the list is pension and I alluded to that in my response to Michael’s question. And then the last would be and there would be others, but the other big one would be could there be some additional opportunities outside the footprint at ATC that would require investment. So that’s kind of a hand full of some of the bigger sensitivities that we would look at for the Board.
Allen Leverett: But maybe before I mention that, maybe also put some numbers around the excursion on cooling-degree days, I mean, it was in third quarter 2010, was 115% warmer than the same period in 2009 and about 42% warmer than normal. So it was very significant in terms of the cooling-degree days. :
Allen Leverett: Then maybe just put in some numbers around it, I think that’s qualitatively it’s exactly what Gale talked about, but again overall slight reduction in retail about four times the percent.
Allen Leverett: If we get down, Steve along the lines of small commercial and industrial, and large commercial and industrial. I would expect a very slight increase in small commercial and industrial probably about seven times of a percent and our current forecast is actually for decline in the large commercial and industrial right at 2% and one of the things that the impacting that we are going to see the final shutdown of the Chrysler plant in Kenosha and we’re also expecting that MMSD, which is the Milwaukee Metropolitan Sewerage District, they’re going to be doing some self generation. So, we would expect somehow to come off our system.
Jim Fleming: Yes and then Jim, in terms of 2011 forecast for electric, if you look at things on a weather normalized basis, so in other words normalized ‘10 and then do a forecast for ‘11 based upon normal weather. My current outlook for total retail is essentially flat, maybe down about four-tenths of a percent in 2011 as compared to 2010, so still very modest in terms of our outlook on electric sales for 2011.
Jim Fleming: We are not doing investment tax credit on it and we did a lot of analysis, it looks to us that the better option for the customers right now would be the PTCs the way things are currently structured.
Jim Fleming: Well, our ownership share of ATC is 26.2%. In terms of their 10-year spending plan, they are talking about $3.4 billion over the next 10 years at the total ATC level, so we would be roughly a quarter of that, that $3.4 billion. If you look at the next couple years in the annulus package that we used in September, we gave a three-year outlook for 2010, ‘11 and ‘12. I don’t have that here in front of me, but if you pull that out, it drills a balance to our share for each of the next three years.Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, thank you very much.
Jim Fleming: Yes, in terms of weather versus normal, I mean if you look year-to-date and you sort of look at both the gas business as well as the electric business, we are about $20 million pre-tax ahead of normal and in terms of fuel recoveries, let’s see if you give me just a second Ted.
Jim Fleming: Yes, in terms of cumulative under recovery, it’s about $63.5 million and my current expectation is that we would end the year about $50 million under recovered, which would imply a positive recovery position for the fourth quarter alone of about $13.5 million.
Jim Fleming: Well, in terms of earnings, I mean of course the absolute investment for Oak Creek 1 is larger than for Oak Creek 2, because there is the associated common and everything that’s loaded on that lease. So, I would be very careful about just extrapolating Oak Creek 1 to Oak Creek 2 in terms of earnings, but if you look it as a total package on a consolidated basis, most of the units together, about $100 million of consolidated after tax impact on net income and I guess from an O&M standpoint I would defer to Gale and Rick on that.
Jim Fleming: Well, when you think about it in terms total financing that we would expect to do for the Oak Creek complex, that’s about $950 million. And I believe we did $530 million or so back in February and so we would expect to do the balance Dan of about $420 million on or about commercial operation day for the second unit.
