Gale Klappa: Leverett Allen is in good physical condition and he continues to make progress in his recovery and rehabilitation work. Among other activities, Allen is engaged in extensive speech therapy at a leading stroke rehabilitation center. No specific time table has been established for his return to the Company, so as we announced a few months ago, I've agreed to serve as Chief Executive for as long as necessary. And on behalf of Allen and his family, I want to thank you again for your well wishes and all your support. Now, I'd like to introduce the members of our management team who are here with me today. We have Scott Lauber, our Chief Financial Officer; Jim Schubilske, Treasurer; Bill Guc, our Controller; Beth Straka, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations; and the newest member of our senior team, Peggy Kelsey, Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. As many of you know, Peggy is stepping into the shoes of Susan Martin. Susan served the Company with real distinction for the past 18 years and should be retiring at the end of the first quarter, and we certainly wish her well. Peggy joined us last year from Modine Manufacturing where she was General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. Her deep business background, her experience as a General Counsel at a public company, make her a perfect fit for our team, so Peggy welcome aboard.
Gale Klappa: Thank you, Scott, very much. Overall, we're on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders. And Sarah, I think we're now ready for the question-and-answer portion of our conference call.
Gale Klappa: I am betting on that and it's interesting without Aaron Rodgers, the Packers look like the Jets, Greg.
Gale Klappa: Greg, you've got a good memory. Actually and this was I think a very positive forward looking approach in the rate settlement, both by the interveners, the commission staff, the commissioners and our company. And it is not a mandated order, but when you look at the wording in the order that approved the rate settlement. It strongly suggests that the benefits of tax reform that we file a plan to apply, some or all of the benefits of tax reform to working down this regulatory asset balance that sits on our balance sheet. And that regulatory asset balance is largely for as you pointed out, transmission costs that we've incurred but we've not yet rolled in the rates, that's a pretty sizeable asset balance roughly about 400 million, if I am correct.
Gale Klappa: Just over 200, okay, so it's pretty sizeable. So, we'll file a plan on February 9th and obviously the follow-through on that -- on that strong suggestion in the rate order that we -- what we used the benefits of tax reform to basically pay down that credit card IOU. So, that's a very positive thing I think, a very forward looking thing that was part of the rate settlement. So to kind of answer your question more broadly, there're kind of three big moving pieces here when we try to estimate the overall impact or the bottom line impact of tax reform. First is, assuming we begin to pay down that asset balance for transmission. The second is, as you know the value of interest deduction is lower with the lower tax rate, so there is a drag at the holding company on holding company interest. And then the third is, the elimination of bonus depreciation effective January of 18th which will add to rate base. So, you kind of put all those three in the blender and our best estimate right now is about a $0.05 to $0.06 drag, on overall earnings per share as the net impact of tax reform.
Gale Klappa: That is correct. And you know, we're very good at looking ahead and planning, so the idea that there would be some potential drag from tax reform is something that our team's been looking at really since about midyear 2017. So, this wasn't a surprise to us. We were planning to steps that we needed to take to overcome the $0.05 or $0.06 drag, and you're correct, we're still on the 5 to 7% growth track with the guidance that Scott just gave you.
Gale Klappa: I think we have tried to factor in as best we know on the electric side. So in terms of electric, Wisconsin Electric Capital, expenditures I think we've done a good job of rolling that in. But as we work now and extensively every week actually with the technical people who are going to be responsible for constructing that huge campus, 23 million square foot campus, I think we and they are beginning to realize that there may be some additional and it could be substantial some additional demand for natural gas capacity that may require some fair amount of capital to make sure we're properly serving their natural gas needs. So, the answer's kind of mixed, yes, I think we've cranked in the electric demand and the capital associated with that. But I think there's going to be some upside on the natural gas capital, and Greg I would expect, we'll start seeing the demand from Foxconn start to really ramp up in 2020, 2021 and certainly 2022.
Gale Klappa: Well, first question first. I guess the best way to answer your question about tax reform to the best of our knowledge it's like Ragu, it's all in there.
Gale Klappa: Our current plan has each as we always have added the good success in doing. Our current plan assumes that each one of our operating units actually earned their allowed rate of return. So, this particular we would not -- we're budgeting for sharing.
Gale Klappa: Well, right now that will have to be decided in the -- assuming there is a rate case in 2019 in Wisconsin Scott that would have to be decided in that case.
Gale Klappa: It is part of the five year plan and we're looking at the specifics right now. We're tentatively -- again we have -- we're still talking with developers. But if I were to venture a guess, I think it would be too pretty sizeable size, perhaps one in the Wisconsin Public Service area in Northern Wisconsin. But again, we're looking right now and talking with a number of developers. And Scott, it is in our five year plan.
Gale Klappa: And Leslie, we expect to make some final decisions and file for a construction authority approval with the Wisconsin Commission this spring.
Gale Klappa: So the thought would be that the change in tax rates that benefits ATC would flow through and we would use that to reduce the asset balance for uncollected transmission cost.
Gale Klappa: No, we would hang it up on our balance sheet and track it. And then factor it into the next rate case. That is what we filed. I will see what the Michigan Commission responds with.
Gale Klappa: A sentimental thing, Doug Pederson, the Head Coach of Eagles used to be the quarterbacks coach when Brett Favre was Green Bay. So there is a sentimental attachment there where Brady's have to be.
Gale Klappa: And Michael, as we get closer to 2020, 2021 you'll probably see us revive our gas demand because of what we expect to be pretty sizeable demand from Foxconn.
Gale Klappa: Well couple of things and first of all, we do have a pretty robust financing plan for 2018 and there may be some opportunities there that we're certainly looking at. However, in our budget in our guidance and in our forecast, we have assumed in terms of short term interest rates, we've assumed four out of four quarter point increases from the Fed, one every quarter in 2018. And I think that's a reasonable assumption. So basically, we've got a very, I think a very appropriate interest rate forecast baked into our guidance, and then there maybe some opportunity with our financings over the course of the year to do better.
Gale Klappa: Well, on our longer term estimate, because we expect that allowed ROE from FREC will come down. Our longer term projection is 10:2 and Scott we’re booking a little better than that right now.
Gale Klappa: Correct, you got it, you nailed it. And I will say this, everybody speculating about the new members of FERC and the methodology they might use to set is on a reasonable this. I personally and I could be wrong, but I personally do not see the FERC lowering transmission ROEs below state ROEs. Just be countered everything that FERC is trying to accomplish. So, we feel very comfortable with the 10.2.
Gale Klappa: All right. Well, folks, I believe that concludes our conference call for today. Thank you so much for taking part. If you have any more questions, please feel free to contact Beth Straka, her direct line, and operators are waiting 414-221-4639. Thanks everybody. Take care.
Scott Lauber: In that case for effective 2020, but right now we look at our five year plan, we’re in that 16 to 18 range. Prior to tax reform, we have 16 to 19 that's kind of took us off the top of the end of range, but we're comfortable in that 16 to 18 range.
Scott Lauber: That’s correct, that 16% to 18% FFO-to-debt range basically Moody's at the holding company has us on a negative outlook, which that negative outlook puts us at a rating in that 16% to 18%. I feel very comfortable that we'll maintain that rating then. And like Gale said, no equity issuance needed in the plan.
Scott Lauber: Yes, it's in our five year plan, and it's really in the couple of segments. Early on, I would say about 300 million to 400 million in the first few years, and then we have about 350 million in the later part of the five year plan.
Scott Lauber: So, at Bluewater, that was contemplated in the affiliate interest agreements with the three Wisconsin utility. So that would get pass through the affiliate interest agreement and get passed through to our customers through their purchase gas adjustment clause. So that will get factored in and then customers will receive the benefit. At ATC of course they're formula rates there and those formula rates will get passed through then to our utilities. As a reminder that also would help the escrow balance at our utilities, at Wisconsin Electric and Wisconsin Public Service.
Scott Lauber: Well, certainly last year, 2017 our weather-normalized demand growth with natural gas, this is at retail now excluding power generation was up more than 3%. That's a surprisingly good number and the economy is strong but not knowing how sustainable that is and Scott I actually talked in this morning, our customer growth has been about 1% on the natural gas side. So you know, not knowing how sustainable that kind of 3 percentage kind of growth is we've achieved, three-tenths of 1%. Michael you're correct it’s been about 3% the last couple of years and we think that's related to conversions and the stability of natural gas prices we've also seen some industrial customers convert to natural gas. I just don't think those conversions once they convert, I don't know if they'll continue and every time and plant gets replaced, it’s more efficient. Just to put it in perspective though about a 1% increase in natural gas demand adds about a $0.05 or about $3 million to earnings. So, it's not, you know it's very nice. So, if we get a little more growth that'll be all positive, but it's not extremely large number.
Scott Lauber: Right now, we’re currently booking 10.82, which is based on the first decision for this first case decision. We're assuming that gives results sometime in the middle of this year, but long-term we do have that 10.2 factored into our forecast.
