Scott Lauber: Thank you, Gale. I'd like to start with some more updates on the regulatory front. First, let's review where we stand after the Wisconsin Public Service Commission's written orders this past December. The reopener filings address recovery of capital investments for certain projects going into service in 2023 and also this year. These are renewable facilities, raise generation and LNG reliability investments. The return on equity and the equity layer were not up for consideration as part of this proceeding. In the coming months, we plan to file new rate reviews in Wisconsin for test years 2025 and 2026. You heard from Gale on the latest developments in Illinois. The commission has granted us a limited rehearing, focused on our request rescore $134 million of Safety Modernization Program in 2024. This mostly rates to emergency work, work that is in progress, and work driven by public entities like the City of Chicago. We expect the commission to issue an order by June 1. Now turning to our updated capital plan. We have identified $300 million of additional capital investment compared to the initial version of our five-year plan. I'll walk you through the changes, which are summarized for your reference in the slides we provided for today's call. Most notably, we have included several new investments in our energy infrastructure portfolio. We're continuing to take advantage of production tax credits under the Inflation Reduction Act, while providing solid returns through long-term offtake agreements. We expect these projects to add approximately $800 million to our plant. And we're already on our way. Just last month, we closed on an incremental 10% ownership of the Samson solar farm now in operation in northern Texas, we now own 90% of the farm for a total investment of $280 million. And as Gale mentioned, we have another major solar project in the sights. We also plan to increase investment of Wisconsin by $300 million to better support economic development and reliability in the state. Offsetting these incremental investments, you will see a $800 million decrease in our planned spending on the Illinois gas delivery system over the five-year period. This is driven by the regulatory order we received in November. Meanwhile, we're making good progress on a number of regulated projects in support of affordable, reliable and clean energy. We continue to work toward our ambitious goal for reducing greenhouse gas emissions. At the end of 2023, we achieved a 54% reduction in carbon emissions from electric generation compared to 2005. That puts us well on our way toward an 80% reduction in target by the end of 2030, as we build our portfolio of low and no carbon generation. And the progress continues, the final panels of the Badger Hollow Solar Park are now in service completing the largest solar project in Wisconsin history. As you'll recall our Wisconsin utilities on a total of 200 megawatts of solar capacity at Badger Hollow. The facilities first phase went online in December 2121, and the second phase wrapped up at the end of 2023. In addition, our Bluff Creek LNG storage facility is now in service. Liquefied natural gas provides a solution to meet peak customer demand for heating, as well as gasified needed for power generation. This storage will be necessary during extreme weather events like we experienced in mid-January. I'm also pleased to announce that we have been using renewable natural gas in our distribution system. This replaces a portion of the traditional natural gas we deliver to customers, while contributing to our methane reduction goal. Our latest pilot project with EPRI and CMBlu Energy is also underway. And as you'll recall, this is testing a long duration battery made with environmentally friendly materials. We look forward to sharing the results across the industry later this year. It's a strong start to the year our capital plan is robust, and highly executable. And we continue to focus on the fundamentals of the business. With that I'll turn things back to Gale.
Scott Lauber: Yes, absolutely. And then when you think about the S&P program, unfortunately, about 1000 workers stopped doing work at the end of the year here. So depending on how long it takes, it may take a while to ramp it up efficiently too. So we'd really evaluate that as we get through these hearings or rehearings.
Scott Lauber: No, I agree. It just, it'll be good to get the facts on the table and everyone be able to talk about the issues and work through it. So we have a lot of good information and willing to provide it.
Scott Lauber: Yes. Very balanced. And having that experience in the commission and be able to fill one of the spots very quickly is good to see.
Scott Lauber: That's exactly right, Gale. So when these PPAs, lying down at the end, 10, 15 years, we'll have the ability, then perhaps the either repower them, find another off taker, or especially in the MISO footprint, move them into the regulated utility here as we continue to decarbonize. So I think there's a lot of opportunities here. And when we look at these projects, we also look at getting all the cash back within10 years, and for sure, in the time of the PPA. So we're really looking at it is good cash flow, but also opportunities here in the regulated long-term.
Scott Lauber: So we're currently pulling all those numbers together. As you can tell, we've been working on filling in the hole from the Illinois capitol, but we're currently working on those numbers, you know, we got these asset additions that we're putting in this year. And of course, there'll be some inflation as we look at O&M. So we don't have a final number yet. But we should know by the end of the first quarter here when we file something. But everything seems reasonable if you're pulling stuff together.
Scott Lauber: Right. So it assumes that we will still be doing emergency work and work for the city, and some of those real reliability needs. But for assuming the status, until they get through the system, they'll have a safety modernization program and review that neighborhood program. We don't have any of that in there.
Scott Lauber: Late at the end of next year, the same time this year, it's going to take a while to get through, which is the only one to be thorough, so that's good.
Scott Lauber: Yes. We expect that in June. And then the remaining as you look at the neighborhood programs, and we think it'll take about a year to go through the docket. That then would have to be looked at in a forward-looking test yard imagine as we put rates together. So it'd be really two steps here.
Scott Lauber: No. When you're looking at it, what do you think about the decarbonization, it's more than that, because a lot of these power plants that are retiring, it's either invest hundreds of millions of dollars there, or in a carbon free resource and doesn't cost anything for the fuel. So there's also cost savings there to long term with the production tax credit. So, we do have a lot of opportunities here.
Gale Klappa: Xia, thank you very much. Operator, we're ready now for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Gale Klappa: Well, great question, Shar. Let me say this, we have a lot of levers and a lot of great opportunities. And so it's probably too early to say exactly where in the 2025 range we might land. But we're pretty optimistic about the levers and the opportunities that we have. In 2024, of course, as we redeploy, as I mentioned in the script, as we redeploy in a way from Illinois and into quality projects, timing is really the driver here. But let me just say this, if we were able to make the top end of our 2024 guidance 4.90, we would have recovered virtually the entire hit from the Illinois rate order. So that might help put things in perspective for 2024. And then we will work on '25 and beyond. But again, we mean, just with what we're seeing here on the ground, we have tremendous opportunity for appropriate investments that will drive growth.
Gale Klappa: Yes. We do. We target returns on the infrastructure segments slightly higher than the regulated piece of the business. But to answer your first question, virtually all of the $800 million reduction that you're seeing as we allocate capital on our various business segments. Virtually all of that $800 million reduction in Illinois is an assumption. Because we just don't know what S&P spending is going to look like, going forward. So that's virtually all related to the cessation of work.
Gale Klappa: Yes. Shar, great memory. Shar is exactly correct. A number of years ago, 2017, 2018 timeframe, the Illinois Commission ordered us to bring in a highly recognized outside engineering firm, an independent engineering firm, to assess the condition of particularly the cast iron and ductile iron pipes under Chicago. Remember, we started out on this program, there were 2000 miles of iron pipes that we believe needed to be replaced. It's called the Kiefner study, K-I-E-F-N-E-R, it's on file with the commission itself, if anyone wants to take a look at it. But long story short, that Kiefner study, which was delivered to the Commission in January of 2020, concluded something pretty stark. The conclusion was that more than 80% of the remaining iron pipes under Chicago have a remaining useful life of less than 15 years. That material was reintroduced in our rate case of this past fall, it was dismissed by the intervenors as old data. And I guess my only comment on that is the pipes aren't getting any younger. And the corrosion keeps on coming. So we think there's really a solid basis for the standpoint of safety. And from the continuing call from the Federal Pipeline Safety Administration to accelerate the replacement of these pipes. But you got a great memory, that study is on record and very supportive of the need to continue for safety reasons, the work we've had underway.
Gale Klappa: Yes, actually, Scott's making a great point. I mean, you can't just turn it on a dime. So if indeed just thinking out loud with you Neil, if indeed, the commission investigation of the program or their review of the need for the program lasts a year, which the order yesterday suggested a year but also said if it could be expedited with all the proper information, they would welcome that. But I wouldn't think that it can be turned on to back to its full level, even if authorized to do so this year.
Gale Klappa: Yes, Neil. As we continue to get more detailed and granular information about the need to support the economic growth, and particular in the I-94 corridor that we talked about. Clearly, there's going to need to be some additional distribution investment, no question about that. And then there's also some additional renewable need. So those were the two things all regulated all Wisconsin, but really driven by the continued expansion and location and I just mentioned in the script as you may recall, another major investment by a company based in Atlanta called West Rock, with a 587,000, corrugated box production plant. So the economic growth is just amazing. I would encourage anybody. In fact, we are going to invite all of you to come see what we're seeing on the ground here in the not-too-distant future, the economic growth, expansions that we're seeing in that I-94 Corridor are just literally amazing.
Gale Klappa: Well, I think probably the most significant change, obviously, is Chairman Valcq deciding that she would like to retire from a position and Summer Strand, who was appointed last year by the governor, becoming the new chair. And I would just simply repeat what we've said before about the qualifications that Summer Strand has, in her background and energy policy, her background in construction and engineering, very, very well suited to a position like this. So we're looking forward to working even more closely with Summer. And then the other most recent appointment is a person who's been at the commission and has headed up divisions and staffs at the Commission for I believe, more than a decade. So a good bit of experience to join Summer Strand. And Scott, I think we feel like both of these appointments are very balanced.
Gale Klappa: Well, look let me start, and then let Scott give you his view on this as well. Let me start by saying that when we originally laid out our new five-year capital plan, which would have been in early November, it was before obviously the rate order decision in Illinois. Essentially, that plan to achieve a 6.5% to 7% EPS growth, that plan crowded out, if you will, a number of infrastructure projects that we had in the due diligence pipeline. So it really was not all that difficult to begin to look at, what alternatives do we have here for high quality projects? I would say they're kind of two things related to your question. The first is, that we are still seeing a significant number of high quality projects that we're looking at number one, number two, we target in the neighborhood of an 8% unlevered IRR. That's kind of basically the way we look at this, that should result in a return slightly higher than the regulated business. But I would just add, and Scott can add on to this. For a number of the projects, we probably don't talk enough about this. We're building flexibility for our regulated business, particularly Scott for the projects that are in the MISO footprint.
Gale Klappa: Yes, it does. Yes. And we're in final due diligence right now on that project. However, the project itself is not yet commercial. It's close, but it's not yet commercial.
Gale Klappa: No, I was just going to say if you just think about it broadly, as we add assets, you add O&M to basically operate those assets. And we added a considerable, I mean, we added a considerable number of renewable assets, infrastructure projects, et cetera. But if you look at core O&M, I mean, core O&M is very, very under control.
Gale Klappa: Yes. I doubt it to be higher than that. It'll be in that ballpark or a little less. I would think. We're still pulling those together, though. We got to factor a lot of stuff in and look at like the production tax credits. We're getting on the solar that just went into service and factoring that all in. You'll see the filing in the second quarter.
Gale Klappa: Short answer is no. And in fact, I don't know what you were reading. But I really don't think his support for renewables or solar was really a deciding factor in the Senate vote at all. I would just ask you to go back and perhaps read some of the other. Actually, there are very specific comments that were made by members of the Senate Energy Committee news releases that were put out after the fact explaining the action. But it wasn't, at least in our view, it was not at all related to the fact that that he felt a certain amount of renewables were needed. Not at all.
Gale Klappa: So Scott is right. It assumes some spending because we have to do emergency work related to it. If you can't fix a pipe and you have to replace it, we have to do that emergency work. And we really do need to cooperate with the city of Chicago when they're replacing their water mains, for example. So but beyond that, it does not assume any return to the full, roughly 280 million a year, it does not assume that.
Gale Klappa: It certainly could, we'll just have to see the outcome. And we probably won't know more on that though, until what do you think Scott –
Gale Klappa: And because it's not only a specific look at the safety modernization program, but with a separate docket on the future of gas, there will be broad policy decisions within a year we believe.
Gale Klappa: Well, I think it's a great question. I think the short answer is really to be found in the docket that now is being authorized. And we'll come to a conclusion by June 1, or we expect early June at the latest. So there were under that safety modernization program, you call it QIP, which was the piece of legislation that authorized a rider to recover these investments a bill rider. There were several buckets of activity that were included in that legislation and recovered through that rider. One of the buckets, we feel just has to continue, as Scott mentioned earlier, it's the emergency work. And it's the work that, for example, we do in conjunction with the city of Chicago, they are actively replacing aging water mains, and it doesn't make a lot of sense to rip up the streets twice. So we work together. And we work together very well, to accomplish what we need to accomplish as they were doing their work. That bucket also got paused in the Commission's order, as well as the big piece of the plan, which is the neighborhood work, going neighborhood by neighborhood based on risk, to upgrade the safety and put a new modern state-of-the-art piping. So the piece that we're saying to them, that look, we really need to continue and get appropriate recovery for is $134 million. It's that bucket of work, relating to emergencies, things that we have to do and to work, for example, like with the city of Chicago. So that piece is what we're asking for recovery on. And we should get an answer, Scott, I believe by early June.
Gale Klappa: I was just going to say watch the space. There'll be a lot of activity over the course of the next 12 months.
Gale Klappa: Yes, be happy to. And as you ask the question, there are two specific things that really come to my mind. The first is that, I mean, we're obviously only going to make investments that follow public policy, and public policy of a safety modernization program on the future of gas in Illinois are going to be decided in the next 12 months. Having said that, I believe there's a certain amount of investment that's simply going to have to take place for the safety of Chicagoans. What amount that is, I don't know, in terms of what decision might be made. But I can't imagine the Safety Modernization Program. Maybe it's changed, maybe it's not, but I can't imagine that investment going to zero. Just from a pure practical standpoint, I don't think that's feasible in terms of protecting the City of Chicago, or preparing the City of Chicago for an energy future that could include renewable natural gas, hydrogen, or any other type of fuel. So that's kind of piece one. Piece two, just remember that under normal circumstances, Illinois as a future test period, their rate cases have a one year future test period, which does help to mitigate any kind of issue related to regulatory lag on a normal ongoing basis. And then I guess the other thing that I would add is, you look at just the adjustments we've made since November 16, in our capital plan. I mean, I mentioned earlier, three mega trends are driving the kind of investment opportunity that we have in front of us, which is robust. And those three mega trends are basically reliability, the incredible economic growth that we're seeing in terms of expansion and attraction here of businesses, and industrial customers, and in the third and these are all important decarbonization. So I don't see regardless of the outcome in Illinois, any type of really diminished opportunity, Scott, in terms of the broad, broad avenues that we have for productive investment that support those trends.
Gale Klappa: All right. Well, I think we wore you guys out today. So that concludes our conference call for this afternoon. Thank you so much for your questions and for participating as always, and if you have any additional thoughts or questions, Beth Straka is happy to pick up the phone. She can be reached at 414-221-4639 Thanks, everybody. See you along.
Durgesh Chopra: I'll take you up on that invite. I'm ready to come and bring a bunch of guys and gals with me. So let me know when.
Durgesh Chopra: Okay. And then maybe just, Xia just can you update us on the timing of equity. I think you're targeting a small amount this year. And then sort of pro rata going forward setting the numbers were 100 million, 200 million this year, and then 450 million a year, starting in 2025. How should we think about that with a slightly higher equity number now.
Durgesh Chopra: So just to be clear, though, the total equity issuance amount doesn't -- it should still be in that 100 million or 200 million, or I guess what I was really asking is the incremental equity. I know it's small. That's going to be just going to 2025 and beyond.
Xia Liu: Nothing is new Durgesh, the 100 to 200 where we're on the way getting there, we turned on the dividend reinvestment plan, employee benefit plans as of January 1 this year. And we have seen shares coming in so far. And traditionally, those programs give us between 100 million to 200 million. If not, we'll turn on the ATM program later in the year. And then going forward, it will be a combination of the benefit programs and the ATM program.
Xia Liu: Yes. I would look at it holistically. So 23 to 24, we talked about a reduction from Illinois, that's $0.10 to $0.12. And we have some interest headwinds in the year and a little bit of O&M and offsetting that you would see Wisconsin, ATC and WEC to offset those headwinds. So overall, that's the increase from the 463 to midpoint 485.
Xia Liu: Yes. And that's it. So about 1%, I call it out 5% of those we already knew, 1% of that was related to storm, the rest would be the O&M related to assets in the rate cases, as well as additional WEC infrastructure projects.
Xia Liu: That write down the additional equity will extend down to Illinois that's already in the five year plan? It's included in the new equity numbers I gave you.
Xia Liu: Yes. The early tender has expired. We expect to tender, a little over $120 million out of the 500 million, all that is coming together.
Xia Liu: Correct. But given the expiration of the early tender, we don't expect much pickup after the early expiration date.
Xia Liu: We have that in the 10-K. So we'll issue the 10-K in February, and then we have a February investor deck, which will give you the details for the next three years.
