Gale E. Klappa: Pat, thank you very much. Overall, we're on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, we'll ask Allen to give you some detail, but let me just kind of frame this for you again, because you're asking an important question. A year ago, we truly believed, looking at our demand projections and looking at the demand in the Upper Peninsula, that we had a need for a portion, at least the portion of the Presque Isle 5 unit facility. However, that plant is going to need environmental upgrades. And Allen and his folks worked very hard with Wolverine Power Cooperative to put together, what I thought was a very elegant solution, which was Wolverine would fund completely the cost of the environmental upgrades in return for a pro rata ownership of the plant, roughly 1/3. That really, we thought, fit both Wolverine's need and our need going forward. But now with the loss of the mines, we simply don't have retail customers to support basically our continued cost of the plant. So we're looking at each one of the paths. We obviously, in the interim, are being told we have to run the plant and now we're eligible for the system support resource payments from MISO. But in the longer-term, really, we're looking at all the alternatives and Allen can give you some detail.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, we can both take a shot at that. In terms of the customer rates and the UP, I mean backing up, if the plant is going to continue to operate for the longer term, someone has to cover the cost of the operation. And our view would be that I mean customer rates in the UP probably would continue to go up some because either way, our customers in Michigan would have to support -- if the plant were to run for the long term, customer rates would have to support the environmental upgrades and the ongoing production costs and fixed production costs of the plant. I think everyone is aware of that. There's a lot of discussion going on. Clear, the governor's office would very much like, in Michigan, the plant to stay open. They really believe there is future economic growth there and particularly in terms of the mining industry. So lots of discussions going on right now, and I would guess that the picture would become much clearer certainly over the course of the next few months.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, we're in the process now, Julien, of completing our next rolling 5-year capital spending plan. But from everything I'm seeing, I mean we have said, as you know, that our medium-term growth looks like 4% to 6% off our 2011 base. And right now, I would say that, that stands in terms of as good a projection as we can divine by looking into the future. And remember, we have, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we have a significant amount of investment that needs to be made in our delivery networks, in upgrading our aging infrastructure. So about 2/3 of the capital spending that we've identified for 2013 through 2017, is really being devoted to upgrading the reliability of our distribution networks and that is work that needs to continue. So I would say, the best range can give you at the moment is 4% to 6% EPS growth.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, Kit, as you know, we've been, I think, appropriately conservative in our sales growth projections. I believe, when we are all together last year at the EEI Conference in November, I think we were the only major company projecting literally no growth in kilowatt hour sales for 2013. I mean, as it's turning out, that projection was pretty much on target.
Gale E. Klappa: Yes. Sometimes we get lucky. But long story short, as we're putting our rolling 5-year plan together and updating it, I think you're going to see sales growth projections on the electric side in the 0.3% to 0.5% growth range. That's currently what we're focusing on and we're now completing, as we do every year, interviews with our 120 largest industrial customers to get their input on the demand that they see over the next year. So we'll refine all of that, but I think right now, you can expect in our new 5-year plan, to see about 0.3% to 0.5% annual weather normal increase in electric sales.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, certainly some rate release, but I think more in the lines of historic inflation over time and let me explain why. Yes, the sales growth projections are moderate to low. I think appropriate but moderate to low. But we're also making significant amount of investments on the capital you referred to, that will help us take out operation and maintenance costs. And we mentioned a couple of them in the prepared remarks. For example, our proposal to convert our Valley Power Plant from coal to natural gas, we expect that will take out roughly $20 million a year in operating costs. The concept of fuel flexibility that we're testing out at our new Oak Creek units, that $25 million to $50 million of fuel cost savings. Pat, our IT group also reports up through Pat and we have a whole list of very significant IT capital projects designed to take out operation and maintenance costs and make our processes more efficient. So we think we can modify and reduce what otherwise would be a larger rate increase request simply by wisely spending capital that makes us more efficient and takes out O&M. And I think that would be another lever that you will see us employ over the course of the next 5 to 7 years.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, I think a couple of things. First of all, really good solid operation and maintenance cost control from our folks. And then on weather normal basis, we were projecting weather normal but we did a little bit better, I believe, particularly in September on energy sales than we had projected.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, I would hope we'll know the details of that support by the end of the year, certainly by early January because the process that MISO goes through -- and first of all, now that they've determined that we are eligible for the payments, the next step is we and they sit down with a detailed analysis of the operating costs, of the potential capital costs over the course of the next few years, and then we and they agree on a level of payment. That whole agreement, then, is subject to approval by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. And once submitted, Allen, I believe the FERC has 60 days to respond.
Gale E. Klappa: So we would hope to have all those discussions wrapped up with MISO by the end of the year, and a filing to FERC very early in the new year.
Gale E. Klappa: We talked about fuel flexibility at Oak Creek. At Valley, we did talk about the potential capital opportunity, $65 million to $70 million. We're in the approval process right now with the Wisconsin Commission. That process is moving along as expected. And then in addition, if you remember, we said to convert Valley from coal to natural gas, $65 million to $70 million capital investment. But in addition to that, we need to complete an upgrade of the natural gas pipeline that runs near the facility. That work has been approved and is actually underway, began in March and our expected total cost of that would be about $26 million, in addition to the $65 million to $70 million related to the Valley conversion.
Gale E. Klappa: And we did say that we would -- assuming the testing continues to give us positive results, that we would file a -- for construction authority with the Wisconsin Commission late '14 or early '15.
Gale E. Klappa: However, in our discussions with MISO, we're in the range now of $35 million to $82 million, depending upon how much of the capital that we might spend over the next several years to keep the unit reliable, how much of that capital MISO is willing to cover. But I think by definition, the MISO SSR payments are designed to, at a minimum, compensate you for the fixed production costs.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, I think originally it did. However, if you recall the 2008 amendment to the Michigan choice law, many believe that stranded costs were not recoverable after the amendment to that law. And I believe that basically, the law said that anyone who is getting -- any utility getting stranded costs that the commission had to make sure those stranded costs were recovered and completely recovered through billing by October of this year. Right? The position of the Michigan commission is that under that law, future stranded costs are not recoverable.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, very good question, Michael. Let me talk with you about kind of maybe 3 elements. I mean, first of all, where I believe, and if our projections continue to hold, I think we'll have some good news on fuel. So we should be able to, I mean, as I mentioned in our script, this would not be for 2015 but for 2014, we filed for approval to reduce our fuel recovery rate by $30 million. And if fuel prices stay low, we should get -- we should be neutral to maybe positive, I hope, in terms of fuel cost recoveries. So that should be helpful on the rate case front for 2015 and beyond. The second piece clearly will be, we need to recover projects, capital projects that have basically already been approved. Remember, we talked about the capital investments we're making in deliver the future. The basic upgrades that we're making to our distribution networks, that capital that we spent, with blessing from the commission in the prior rate case, will need to be recovered in rates starting in 2015. So that will be one of the big drivers. So I think fuel will be a help. One of the big drivers will be -- will clearly be the deliver the future capital. And then there'd be a couple of other factors that will swing one way or another but we're hoping that this will be a moderate rate case and we don't see any sticker shock coming down the road here.
Gale E. Klappa: Michael, they're not -- the MISO payments are not designed to give you any kind of a greater return. I would point out that I think it's just important keep in the back of your mind, the book value of the Presque Isle Plant is still included in rate base.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, not exactly but I would look at it this way. Instead of the mines, the SSR payments from MISO, in essence, instead of the mines being a customer, MISO is being a customer but MISO is not necessarily going to pay you the return. MISO will keep you whole on the operating cost and, perhaps, some capital.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, we have our normal meeting with our Board of Directors in December where we go through our 5-year plan, our 5-year capital spending plan, our 5-year projections on kilowatt hour sales growth, our 5-year projections on our capital structure. And it will be at that time, as we walk them through and get approval for our 5-year plan, it will be at that time when we will ask them for any changes, if any are warranted, in the share buyback authorization.
Gale E. Klappa: No. We're actually running a little bit lower than our projections on the electric sales side of the business. Now I will say last fourth quarter, meaning the fourth quarter of 2012, the weather was mild. So on a weather-normal basis, you might see some bit of a small bit of an uptick on the electric side. On the other side of the ledger though, we are seeing a little stronger natural gas sales, and I mentioned this in the prepared remarks, than we had anticipated. If you just look at actuals, we're up almost 20% in terms of natural gas deliveries over the first 9 months of the year ago, but we had a cold winter in the first quarter, kind of going on into April and May. So on a weather-normal basis, we're up about 2% and we had not projected that kind of growth on the natural gas side. So there have been some compensating offsets here.
Gale E. Klappa: On a weather-normal basis, I would expect a little bit down now for the calendar year. You are correct.
Gale E. Klappa: No, and I apologized if I confused someone. The fuel decrease, the $30 million fuel decrease, we have just filed for that and would expect the commission to approve a fuel decrease in 2014. And what I was really saying is that if fuel prices stay low and delivered cost of coal stays low and goes down a hair, we might get some help for that -- we might get some help from that in our in our filing for 2015 rates.
Gale E. Klappa: I'm looking at Scott Lauber, our Treasurer, here. But the way we -- what we do in essence, we kind of back in to a GDP. We really do this bottoms up. We really look at customer segment by customer segment. We look at the growth in that segment or lack thereof. So we don't start with an overarching GDP forecast. But if I had to guess, seeing what we've seen so far, we're kind honing in on a 0.3% to 0.5% annual kilowatt hour sales growth. If I had to guess, that would be, and I'm guessing, about 1.5%, 2% GDP growth.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our conference call for today. Thank you, again, for participating. If you have any other questions, the famous Colleen Henderson will be available in our Investor Relations Office and her direct line is (414) 221-2592. Thank you very much, everybody.
Allen L. Leverett: Yes, and I would say probably long term, Julien, I think from a practical standpoint, there are probably only 2 likely paths. One path is I'll call it some renegotiated version of the joint venture agreement. So perhaps instead of having 5 units at the plant, maybe only have 3 units. So perhaps you downsize it, perhaps Wolverine maybe and some other entity own those -- the smaller plant. So, I mean that's one potential path. I would say the other potential path is, there's just the dissolution basically of the joint venture agreement we have now. We run the unit. As Gale mentioned, we run the units as long as they are required by MISO, and MISO is making those SSR payments and then, once the units are no longer needed, well, they'd be retired. So I think from a practical standpoint, that those are really the only 2 paths. It's hard for me to imagine a path where the joint venture agreement, as currently structured, that we can continue with that, because as Gale mentioned, we've had such a change in our demand as a company. So hopefully that helps some.
Allen L. Leverett: Yes, and Kit, I mean, maybe just picking up on that. Gale, certainly in the script, addressed the first 5 years. What I mean by that is the impact of the revised ATC outlook on the first 5 years of our financial projections, and as he said, really no impact on that first 5 years. So let me maybe address kind of the period beyond the first 5 years. When we develop longer-term projections and we look at the outlook from ATC for inside the footprint, we really use, what I would, call a midrange case. I mean, we don't take the most conservative nor do we take the highest case. We sort of take kind of a midrange case for inside the footprint. However, outside the footprint, we use a low-range case meaning a much more conservative outlook on what ATC might be able to invest. So as we look at, if ATC can do better than that low-range case outside the footprint, it's already, reasonably speaking, a low bar, we'd be optimistic that on a net basis, we could be right back to kind of the 10-year outlook that they had before and possibly even have a little upside above that. And certainly, with the outlook, it would still be supportive of the 4% to 6% EPS growth target that Gale mentioned earlier to Julien's question. So hopefully that helps a little bit, Kit.
Allen L. Leverett: Yes. And then, I would sort of put it in 2 or possibly 3 categories. Far and away, the biggest driver, ATC had put forward a plan for addressing transmission issues in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. And in the new plan, the size of those investments is less than in the old plan. So that's kind of the first area, if you will, that was causing a difference. The second thing that was causing a difference, as I'm sure you're aware, the Kewaunee Nuclear Plant here in Wisconsin is now shut down. So it's shut down. They were going to be some transmission improvements that would've been required if it had continued to operate. Those are no longer going to be required or at least the level that are going to be required are now much less because of the Kewaunee Plant is not going to operate over the long-term. And then finally, there were 2 345 kV projects. One, that's sort of a -- more of an east-west line that went from Wisconsin over to Minnesota; another line, more north-south, that went from Wisconsin down into Iowa. In the previous outlook, ATC had projected that they would be able to invest the capital for the entire length of both of those lines. And as it turned out, they're only able to invest roughly half of the investment required in each of the lines. So Xcel will get half of that east-west line that I mentioned, and ITC will get half of that north-south line that I mentioned. But at a high level, those are the 3 major drivers, if you will, of the change in their outlook.
Allen L. Leverett: Well, it could be capital, Paul. And we really need to get through the testing phase with the burning the blends of sub-bituminous and bituminous coal. And depending on the results of that, you could get, reasonably speaking, a wide range of potential capital investment opportunities. I mean, if you had to do -- if you're able to do what the engineers call in-furnace blending, that might be something on the order of $20 million to $25 million of capital. If you're not able to do that reliably, you might have to do -- you might have to actually have a blending facility and that could be upwards of $100 million. But we're just not really going to know where we are on that continuum of solutions until we finished the testing.
Allen L. Leverett: Yes. I guess, the only thing I would add, and maybe just picking on the fundamental efficiency point that Gale was making. I mean, when you look at the collection of units that we have from a thermal-efficiency standpoint, in the case of the new Oak Creek units, one of the most efficient units in the country, the last data set I saw, Paul, it was in the top 10 for steam units in the United States. And if you certainly look within MISO at our other units and how competitive those are, we believe those are, if not in the top decile, in the next to the top decile in terms of efficiency. So I would say, particularly if you got a higher-natural-gas-price environment, we would be very well positioned to bring some margin back for our customers, not for the owners, but certainly for our customers and that will be a wonderful thing.
Allen L. Leverett: Right. Well, at this point, I don't see a lot of congestion relief between the 2 ISOs, between PJM and MISO. But what we are seeing some diminution in the congestion sort of going south through our system, which I guess, ultimately, you don't have to go too far south to get to PJM. So hopefully, we'll will see some.
Paul Patterson: Just wanted to touch base on a few quick things. One was, Kit was asking about sales growth and I think you guys mentioned that you guys saw 2013 as being flat. And to date, it's been about negative 0.8% or close to negative 1%. What...
Paul Patterson: Do you guys see more opportunities to sell into higher-priced markets given sort of the dynamics that you guys have there? I mean, I know it doesn't make a big bottom-line impact to you guys but I do know that you're also sort of looking to provide relief to try to help out customers as much as possible in terms of off-systems sales. Just wondering any thoughts sort of directionally about that or...
Paul Patterson: Well, I mean, I just was wondering do you see any congestion relief between MISO and PJM? Or is that just something that's too far into the future for you guys at all. I mean, it's like you said, it isn't a bottom line impact. I was just wondering since you guys are significant in the market, and we're also talking about wind increasing in MISO as well, just sort of...
