Gale Klappa: Rick, Thank you very much. Overall, we are on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.
Gale Klappa: Actually, it’s a very good question. And let me say this. One of the benefits that we saw in terms of lower costs in the first half was related to employee healthcare, our active medical plans and the cost they incurred. Whether that really transcend through the entire year this year. We just don’t know yet. But certainly that was one of the major factors that helped us achieve lower O&M cost during the first half of the year. As you know sometime these medical claims content to be lumpy, but we did have a very good experience on medical claims and medical payments in the first half.
Gale Klappa: Well, obviously we’re looking at this as we go. I wouldn’t necessarily project the continuous run rate. But the share buyback program was authorized by our board. At the board meeting right before annual meeting on May 5, and I believe we actually began repurchasing some shares in July.
Gale Klappa: Good question, Michael. First of all, we do expect that the commission will vote on our proposal in August. So I don’t think we’re going to see a significant delay from here in getting a decision from the commission on Door A or Door B. Door A being our creative approach to holding base rates flat or us filing a full rate case and moving through that proceeding. One bit of insight into, if we had to go through Door B, which obviously we believe the company would be just fine going through Derby. We have already filed – when we filed on May 26, we already filed all the backup data related to our projected revenue requirements for 2012. And when the staff did its memo relating to various options or various ideas that they had, what they actually published in that memo was a preliminary audit of our 2012 – what a 2012 rate case might look like. So we are not as far behind procedurally if we had to go through Derby as one might expect because all the data has been on file. We would refresh the data and if the Commission wants us to proceed with a full general rate case, my guess is, we could file the remaining refreshed data within a couple of weeks after that decision.
Gale Klappa: That certainly would be our thinking. We would not be in anyway share perform into a nine or 10 months process from there. I just do not see that. And is to say, we are really ahead of the curve from the standpoint of – really on May 26, we filed all the necessary data to allow the staff to audit the revenue projections and the cost for 2012.
Gale Klappa: Rick is making a point, Michael. We did that for base rates. And then under the new fuel rules, all the utilities have to file their separate fuel plan really within a matter over the next few weeks.
Gale Klappa: Sure, I’ll be happy to. The staffs did seem to – as we went through the staff memo, the staffs certainly did seem to provide some potential alternatives adjustments. I’m not sure as I’ve read through that they have actually recommended anything except that they put on the table several other options. One, I think compelling point, as we’ve read through that staff memo is that, if the answer is zero then getting to zero with staff adjustments versus getting the zero with our proposal, leaves the customer in exactly the same spot in 2012. The customers now better off. But if the staff makes adjustments, then the company would be weaker. So our view as I mentioned in the script is really our only two viable, workable options here. One is, the creative approach with the order that we described or we will certainly proceed with the full case and that’s because the real issue here is how to make room for and how to begin recovering almost $1.3 billion of new investments in projects the commission is already approved and projects are on time and on budget. So the issue we are trying to deal with here is, we clearly have under Wisconsin regulation, we clearly have $1.3 billion but has to begin being recovered in rates next year and we thought we could find a way through the accounting order and the seizing of the amortization of some of the commission I’ll use, they’ve given us. We thought we could manage the company and stay flat with base rates next year but if that’s not the case, in other words if they feel like that’s just not the way to go. Then you’re correct, the only viable alternative is to proceed with the full case.
Gale Klappa: Very good question but you will – and you have seen some something, I’m sure referring to and some of the new stories about the state budget issues. The state does own, the state of Wisconsin itself, does own 29 different steam or power generation facilities, many of them co-gen facilities, scattered throughout the state of Wisconsin. These facilities have traditionally been owned by the state operated by state employees and generally provide energy services or steam services to state buildings ranging from the University of Wisconsin campus in Madison to the state actually. Walker administration has taken a position that they believe given the major amounts of capital that will probably have to be spend to upgrade a number of these plants with modern environmental control, that they might consider a sale, of those state own power plants, that would take a piece of legislation. We believe the legislation might be introduced this fall, to enable the Department of Administration, to basically conduct a sale of some or all of those plants. So that is probably what you are hearing. We would have some interest in some of those facilities and it certainly could be if the legislation pass, the potential investment opportunity for us right here inside the state of Wisconsin.
Gale Klappa: Again I think the Walker Administration is going to assess whether or not they will not introduce the legislation this fall. We have some recall elections that are underway in the state right now and I don’t think anything will be decided in terms of a particular piece of legislation on this or any other subject now until after the recall elections. Recall election should be completed by mid-August and then I would think we would have a much clear view of the landscape.
Gale Klappa: The reason, I don’t know why that made me laugh. Andy, because we wanted to make your day. How’s that.Andrew Levi – Caris & Company: That’s fine. I didn’t hear, I apologize.
Gale Klappa: No, no problem. We had a solid first half. Much of it driven by a colder winter. We have effective cost controls and as we look at where we stand erect, we decided it was the right thing to do to raise the guidance.
Gale Klappa: And Andy, you’ll see some tomorrow. All of the parties in our proceeding year are supposed to have their comments in tomorrow.Andrew Levi – Caris & Company: All right.
Gale Klappa: Well, actually see in our comments a chart, that lays out how – that lays out how we get to that roughly $100 million based on staff adjustments revenue deficiency for 2012.Andrew Levi – Caris & Company: Okay.
Gale Klappa: That will be very clear for you tomorrow, and for everyone to see.Andrew Levi – Caris & Company: Okay. So you guys will be filing something tomorrow as well.
Gale Klappa: Absolutely, we upgrade.Andrew Levi – Caris & Company: Okay. Thank you very much guys. And doing a great job as Mr. Richard said.
Gale Klappa: Let me get this straight about medicine law. Someone said it’s only illegal to do that if you get complained about.Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Conference: I think that’s subject to interpretation.
Gale Klappa: Yes, Dan, there are two traditional participants in the case other than the staff and the company and that’s CUB, the Citizens Utility Board and WIEG, the Wisconsin Industrial Energy Group. Their initial comments were we don’t have a philosophical opposition to door A or door B, but they’d like to see some numbers from the staff. So now that the staff has done its memo, we would expect that CUB and WIEG would make some comments. They certainly have been invited to by the deadline by the end of the day tomorrow.Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Conference: Okay. So that will pretty much all clarified by tomorrow.
Gale Klappa: Well, Dan, essentially we are leaving our forecast unchanged. We make an annual forecast – really when you weather normalize our first half, we are dead on the forecast. Some segments are better, some segments are worse, but when you net it all through and weather normalize, our first half 2011 sales actually have been literally dead on the forecast. So we didn’t see a need to actually change the forecast, because that forecast, as you know, is done on a weather normal basis, but obviously we have seen very strong demand in July and that couple with the cold winter and solid earnings for the first half really lead us to a decision to raise the guidance.Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Conference: Now do you anticipate the 1.8 that you saw from the large CNI in the second quarter being kind of the run rate going forward or do you have an opinion on what to expect in that class.
Gale Klappa: We would hope so, but again at this stage of the game, we don’t think there’s a lot of merit in doing minor adjustments to the annual sales forecast. But again, there would be upside if we saw the stronger economic recovery in the industrial sectors in the second half.Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Conference: Okay. And then the last thing I was wondering about relates to cash from operations, it’s quite a bit stronger in the first half versus last year and I know you had the tax settlements so forth in one of the big gain for us in the deferred income tax, investment tax credits. And then also on working capital, and so as well how we should think about those categories on the cash flow in the second half.
Gale Klappa: And just to refresh your memory, Dan, we said we’ve about 100 million impact from bonus depreciation issue and $200 million next year as cash stand pointDan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Conference: Okay. So I guess– how does that translate given you have about 600 million of CapEx in the second half into financings each in the second half.
Gale Klappa: We, we have to look also at maturities when you look at our financing needs. I would expect because it’s in our financial plans, that we would, we would have a bond offering at Wisconsin electric level sometime in the second half of this year.Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Conference: Okay. Thank you.
Gale Klappa: Absolutely, we would be happy, Rick and I will do that together. And we’re turning to a page right now where we have our ‘12 and ‘13 broken down.
Gale Klappa: Hi, Andy. You’re back.Andy Levi – Caris & Company: Yeah. And just a quick follow-up, the 210 to 214 can we carry out through to 2012.
Gale Klappa: Andy, right now, because of where we stand in terms of trying to work through the 2012 revenues with the commission, I think, we really can’t give you 2012 guidance right now. But we certainly wanted to give our best look at the remainder of 2011. InspiredAndy Levi – Caris & Company: I understand the guidance, but in the sense the things that get you to the 210, 214 or sustainable in 2012.
Gale Klappa: Well, part of what get us to the cold winter and hot July. So I would leave that to your discretion but I would say that at the present time we need to keep our power cool here for 2012 dry exactly. But the other hand is that why we do have some APDC in there for Glacier Hills went apart and the air controls that swap or create like that is kind of centerpiece of next year right case whether be door A or door B and we would expect to cover on those projects such are going into service.Andy Levi – Caris & Company: Okay, thank you.
Steve Dickson: I think next year it’ll take up a little bit slightly. This year we’re getting the benefit from equity AFUDC, as Rick had mention on the air quality project and – excuse the, wind mill in the glacier hills. So, once those (inaudible) and the service will stop having AFUDC equity, which has – as a permanent item. That’s giving us a little benefit this year and we’ll lose a little bit of that next near.
Steve Dickson: Yep. Maybe a little bit improvement in electric sales in the second quarter to (inaudible).Andrew Levi – Caris & Company: Okay. And just to understand there’s Door A, Door B on this proposal, but there’s no Door C, that’s basically what you’re saying.
Steve Dickson: I think the question was cash from operations and it was strong, and I would see it continuing strong. Net income, we project it to be up over the prior year, depreciation, non-cash charges, those should increase over prior year’s, so those are good uses of cash. Our deferred income tax as I talked about it earlier is bonus depreciation as it carry through the end of the year, and our working capital, one of the guidance in there was we are able to reduce some of our inventory, so that was strong for the first six months. I think our working capital is one of the drivers there as our gap in storage and if you can tell us the gas price will be at the end of the year, we will have a better idea but we feel good about the first six months we are seeing it continuing through the year.
