Gale Klappa: Rick, thank you very much. Overall, we’re on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.
Gale Klappa: You could probably come to that conclusion. I wouldn’t necessarily think that’s a firm conclusion. Again, thinking about the deficiency of the technique, the weather normalization technique, when you have this kind of disparity in the weather. My own sense is we’re seeing a little bit stronger pickup particularly on the industrial side and my guess is we’re going to see a bit of a rebound if weather ever comes back to normal here on the commercial side because we did last year, commercial was stronger than we expected last year.
Gale Klappa: And they would expect to complete both the Illinois and Wisconsin Commissions have now approved the construction of the line and they would expect to complete it before the end of 2013.
Gale Klappa: I think we’re both. When you think about our risk-adjusted growth profile going forward of 4% to 6% as we’ve said, we think the risk-adjusted returns off that growth are very solid, and then certainly we have, for the next several years, what I would think would be one of, if not the best, dividend growth story in the industry.
Gale Klappa: Well, I think if you look at the $3.5 billion capital program that we’ve laid out for the period 2012 through 2016, you sprinkle in some opportunistic share buybacks under our share buyback authorization and you assume that we earn close to our allowed rates of return, that’s how we get there.
Gale Klappa: Sure, I’d be happy to, Jim. Well, first of all, I think the good news is, the endless election cycle is about to come to an end for a while. The dates for the recall election process have been set and the first date is next week actually, when there will be a primary to determine the Democratic candidate who will run against Governor Walker in the recall election. Two candidates, well, two principal candidates, there are number of candidates but the two leading candidates on the Democratic side in the polls would be Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett and former Dane County Executive Kathleen Falk. So they probably will be the two largest vote getters on the Democratic side. Don’t know which will win but we’ll find out very soon. So one of those two candidates likely to face Governor Walker in the recall election and the date for that election has been set for June 5. So June 5 would be the recall election date. In that recall election, there will be a recall election for the governor’s office. There will be a recall election for the lieutenant governor’s office and there will be a recall election for four state senators. I think one interesting side note, really, the state legislature has adjourned for the year. So there’s no planned meetings between now and the next election, which should be in November. So there’s really no activity unless there’s some kind of special session that would fall out of the senate recall elections if I’m making any sense.
Gale Klappa: If someone resigned, it’s tied now. So if the Republicans lost any seats in the senate recall elections, the balance of power would shift but from a practical standpoint unless there’s a special session. There is no power to – behind the shift.
Gale Klappa: The assembly is still solidly Republican. And then there will be a normal election for state senate seats in November.
Gale Klappa: Well, I think there are probably two pivot points here. One is certainly on the issue you raised, which is renewables. Both of the Democratic candidates for governor have mentioned in their stump speeches that they would want to reemphasize construction of renewable generation particularly wind in Wisconsin. So in my judgment, we probably would see a movement back toward construction of additional renewables to a greater degree under a Democratic administration than under the current administration. On the other hand, I don’t believe any of the Democratic candidates for governor are supportive of privatizing the state-owned power plants.
Gale Klappa: Well, as Rick said, priority one is investing in the core business. So if we find that these have to be real projects with real value to customers and shareholders, and if we find those projects, that’s where we will focus our investment opportunity.
Gale Klappa: Well, for example, the first one on Page 20, investing in fuel blending at the new Oak Creek coal units, I believe that’s not a big investment, but it is certainly is in our base case.
Gale Klappa: Renewable energy beyond 2016 is not additional investment beyond what we have identified in the ageing gas and electric distribution infrastructure. It is not future EPA rules, beyond the ones we’re aware of is not and certainly divestiture of the energy assets by the State of Wisconsin is not. So the majority of them, Greg, are not.
Gale Klappa: Up slightly in 2012 over 2011, but I think to Allen’s point, Michael, maybe there’s a couple of time differentiators that we can do to here, because clearly, ATC has announced about a $4 billion capital plan over the next 10 years. That’s materially larger than their last 10. But as Allen pointed out, they’re coming off completing very significant various investments. They have a bit of, from that standpoint, a bit of a lower capital spend in the next four or five years, and then it ramps us materially again because of the lumpiness and the time it takes to site and construct.
Gale Klappa: Yeah. We’ll be happy to and then Pat or Rick can certainly add to anything that I’ve got to offer here but we don’t have any real maturities coming due in 2012. That’s for starters. We did, in our capital plan assume a bond offering at Wisconsin Electric for in the neighborhood of $250 million for at some point this year, which we have not yet finally determined that date.
Gale Klappa: Let me first, Michael, talk about the longer term and I think probably the best way to capsulize it is that based on our projections, we expect to have approximately $600 million of free cash flow over the period 2012 through 2016. And our definition of free cash flow would be after capital spending and after dividends. So after capital spending and after dividends, about $600 million of free cash between now and 2016. Frankly, the year-to-year breakdown is kind of immaterial here because it depends upon the level of capital spending and the timing of capital spending in any given year. So I think probably our best explanation to you is just that, the 2012 through 2016, approximately $600 million.
Gale Klappa: Certainly, I know what you’re talking about. We’ll let Steve Dickson mention this to you but the influx of cash I don’t believe is a first quarter event here. Stephen Dickson No. It’s tied to our timing of periodic payments. And basically, as we’ve disclosed in the 10-K is we do not expect to pay federal income taxes this year because of the benefits that we got in depreciation in prior years. So there’s no slug of cash coming in. It’s more of not having to make estimated payments.
Gale Klappa: But the difference is this particular Private Letter Ruling that Rick just mentioned applies to WE Power and not to utility. So it does not, in essence reduce rate base growth.
Gale Klappa: Michael, I know you know this but just so that we don’t get descended upon by protesters saying we don’t pay federal taxes, this is a timing benefit. And the company will owe hundreds of millions of dollars of taxes in future years.
Gale Klappa: Well, good question, Jay. I think first of all, the history in Wisconsin is not one of settlements. I don’t think actually there’s been a settled rate case in the nine years our team has been here for any of the Wisconsin utilities that I’m aware of. I think there may be one other utility that thinks they can come close to zero this year that might be able to do a settlement. So I wouldn’t say there’s a high probability of a settlement in the rate case. However, there is a lot of work going on by the Commission staff, by all of the utilities and by the intervener groups to try to narrow the issues that will be contested in the case. And from that standpoint, I think our case is very straightforward. I mentioned earlier, the case is really driven by about $1.6 billion of capital investment that was previously approved by the Commission that has come into service that is now serving customers is used and useful and we brought those projects in essentially on time and on budget. So that actually simplifies the case a tremendous amount. So I would say, in our case, there won’t be but about three or four, maximum five contested issues and the parties will nail down those issues in a prehearing conference starting on May 21.
Gale Klappa: Sure, Jay. Very good question and let me just frame it and then we’ll let Allen provide you the details. What is baked into our guidance now for the remainder of the year is an assumption that we will fully recover our fuel costs. That there won’t be any reduction of earnings from a lack of recovery of fuel cost. And as we mentioned in the prepared remarks related to our coal deliveries and our coal costs, we had a variety of initiatives underway ranging from planned burns to turn back of coal to some buyouts. Allen, I know we have ongoing discussions with the coal companies.
Gale Klappa: Certainly. Let me first say that there is a what we call a CA process, the construction authority process that has been practiced by the Wisconsin Commission going back decades and decades. So if you have a distribution project that, I believe guys the number is $10 million, now they just raised it on the electric side. So let’s just take electric as an example here. If you have a distribution project, capital project to improve or upgrade or rehab a part of the network that costs $10 million or more, you must seek authority and pre-approval from the Wisconsin Commission staff. So we will have literally over the course of the next five years hundreds of these applications that will go the Wisconsin Commission staff and hundreds may be stretching it because it may not all individually come to $10 million, but we will have a significant number of these pre-approval requests. The requests are very thoroughly done. They document the rationale for why the upgrade is needed. And in our case, all of these relate to maintaining the reliability of the network and replacing aging infrastructure. Let me give you just a couple of examples. Between now and 2016, we would plan to rebuild 2,500 miles of electric distribution lines that today are more than 50 years old. We would plan to replace about 28,000 power poles, about 28,000 transformers that are beyond their design life and literally hundreds of substation components and that’s on the electric side of the business. On the natural gas side of the business, again, between now and 2016, we would plan to replace 1,250 miles of fiberglass, plastic and steel gas mains. We would plan to replace about 83,000 individual gas distribution lines and almost a quarter of a million meter sets on the natural gas distribution side of the business. So that just gives you some flavor of the kinds of projects. Anything under $10 million, we would not necessarily seek pre-approval for, $10 million or above on the electric side, we would. And I might add that in the history of this Commission, if they pre-approve a project and you bring it in on time and on budget, they have never denied cost recovery.
Gale Klappa: Any time that you demonstrate a need to maintain reliability, it’s generally well received. The Commission certainly understands the importance for a reliable network.
Gale Klappa: Okay. Yes. Really the response was very efficient, very quick. And if you had gone to the site, this happened on Halloween, October 31, 2011. If you had gone to the site one month later, you would never have known that anything occurred. So we are – the response again was great. 95% of the coal ash and dirt that fell down the bluff stayed on our property. There was no harm to the aquatic environment. No harm to the lake and so we’re wrapping that up right now in discussions with the Department of Natural Resources and we would expect a full resolution certainly within the next few months.
Gale Klappa: Dan, I assume that you’re following your normal pattern voting early and often.Daniel Jenkins – State of Wisconsin:  Yeah, I am originally from Illinois.
Gale Klappa: We don’t have that number in the room with us. But it’s definitely – we assumed – I think exactly the same level as last year.
Gale Klappa: Someone asked this morning whether that was automotive related and we don’t have much of any automotive-related rubber and plastic business in our regions. I don’t think it’s being driven by automotive. More color than that. Another thing it’s a lot of individual companies all across the sector producing rubber and plastic products that have gone up.
Gale Klappa: We’ll ask Steve Dickson, our Controller, to answer that for you. Stephen Dickson I assume you’re looking at the at the consolidated statement of cash flow and the line item working capital and other?Daniel Jenkins – State of Wisconsin:  Right.
Gale Klappa: Stephen Dickson Yeah, the big item, as I said, related to the restricted cash that we received in the DOE refund. That actually turns this year and it’s a reduction of operating cash flow this year. So that item already reversed significantly in the first quarter. So I think last year, there were items, which helped us.Daniel Jenkins – State of Wisconsin:  Okay. That’s all I had. Thank you.
Gale Klappa: Well, I believe that concludes our conference call for today. Thank you so much for participating. If you have any additional questions, our famous Colleen Henderson will be available in the Investor Relations office at 414-221-2592. Thank you very much. Have a good day everybody.
Frederick Kuester: Well, Kit, I wouldn’t start extrapolating. I guess, I would back up and just say we – because of the free cash flow that we have, we’ve identified a number of uses for that cash. First and foremost is to reinvest in our business. Second, is to increase our dividend and as you’re aware we’ve accelerated our target to get to 60% by a year. So we’ll be there in 2014. Then we’re looking opportunistically at basically buying shares or reducing debt at the holding company. And we want to make good economic choices. We don’t want to sit on a bunch of cash. We’ve got a program that basically is authorized out through 2013 to buy back shares. And we will continue to look at that every quarter and just see what makes the most sense for shareholders.
Frederick Kuester: One last thing on the ATC earnings, Michael, they are in line, over the next five years, they are in line with our 4% to 6% growth rate. So they support that growth rate. And then they actually tick up after that because of the backend loading of the capital budget.
Frederick Kuester: What you might be thinking about, Michael, in the first quarter we announced that we received the private letter ruling from the IRS in December of last year that basically confirmed that accelerated depreciation could be applied to the expansion units, the coal expansion units at Oak Creek site. And there was $285 million cash – it’s basically a timing benefit by the end of 2014 associated with that PLR.
Frederick Kuester: We had previously announced bonus depreciation benefits that went to reduce rate base on our large air quality control projects and renewable projects as a result of the law that was passed and signed by the President, I think in December 2010. So kind of two announcement, one dealt with regulated business and then we got the PLR that dealt with the non-regulated business and we announced that in the first quarter.
Frederick Kuester: Yeah. I would also say, Jay, that last year, we had a hot summer and we released some projects at the end of the year. For example, there was a major turbine rebuild that needed to be done. So some of those projects that are episodic in nature won’t be flowing through at the end of this year. So, there’ll be – you’ll see probably a more positive benefit from O&M in the second half of the year than you would in the first half of the year.
Frederick Kuester: While a lot of those project may not get pre-approval, they will be in our rate case that we file with our two-year forward-looking (inaudible).
Frederick Kuester: Yeah. One thing that caused O&M to tick up a little bit is we – because of the warm weather, we’ve got ahead on a number of our inspections, required inspections, in our regulated business side. And as I said earlier because of projects that we released at the end of last year, we’re going to see improvement year-over-year I think in the second half of the year from an O&M standpoint.
Frederick Kuester: And just one clarification. We don’t have any wet ash ponds, Paul. This was ash that was stored or land filled in a ravine back in the 1950s and 1960s when it was entirely okay to do that. And so it was one pocket of ash that basically let loose. And as Gale said, we were able to clean it up with 95% of it being taken to a landfill.
Frederick Kuester: The other dynamic that may change is ATC basically right now is largely self-funding and as the capital investment steps up, we might see a change there but that’s again, that’s in the second five-year half of our 10-year period.
Allen Leverett: Yes. And, Paul, it’s a 345 kV segment, if you will. I would expect at this point that they would bring it in service in 2014. And effectively, what it will allow us to do, often we get in a situation right now where we have generation that you sort of think of it as being shut in, where you can’t – if you had no transmission constraint, you’d able to export much more to the south. So it’ll open that up a bit and should result in some savings for our customers. It’s hard to say, Paul, because you don’t know precisely what the situation will be on the transmission system, but I could easily see savings to our customers in say a $15 million to $20 million a year range.
Allen Leverett: From a fuel standpoint. So no earnings, certainly no earnings impact for us, but some nice savings we hope for our customers.
Allen Leverett: Well, this doesn’t have the capital. But in terms of the capital projection, I think that they finished a number of pretty large projects, Michael, and as you know, the transmission investments are pretty lumpy. So they finished those big projects and now the sort of next big projects that are on the horizon, you probably heard them talk about the – or heard us talk about Madison-LaCrosse. That’s a big 345 kV line east west. So that’s really the next big project that’s out there. And then you have to go to 2015, 2016 to sort of see another really big round of projects. So I think, at this point, strictly because of the lumpiness of the investments.
Allen Leverett: Right. And, Jay, we talked – or Gale talked about in the script that we’re going to probably bring the burn from about 10.7 million tons last year to just under 9 million this year. And then Gale talked about the range of things we would do to try to achieve that. We’ll certainly try to pick the mix of those things that are best from an economic standpoint for our customers. My view right now is that we would be more heavily weighted to doing the defer buyout renegotiate route for existing contracts as opposed to the planned burn route or storage route. But we’ll just have to see kind of where the numbers take us. When we say planned burn though, Jay, what we mean by that is you basically would target a number of tons that you would want to burn and then given where we are right now, or at least where we’re forecasted to be with location and marginal prices, we would actually discount our offer in the market. So we would discount the offer that we would put in for that unit when we put it in to MISO into the day ahead market so that we’d get enough run time to burn through much coal. So you’d actually be discounting, if you will, your offer price in order to achieve a certain level of burn. I’m making sense.
Allen Leverett: In some cases, it could be a push-out of deliveries. In other cases, it might just be well, you just pay liquidated damages and you just turn back the deliveries completely and you’re not committed to taking that delivery in a future period. So it could be a mix of those two.
Allen Leverett: Yeah. I think, Paul, Gale may have mentioned earlier that ATC’s 10-year plan would call – within their footprint, which includes the UP of Michigan as well as Wisconsin, calls for $4 billion worth of capital spending. Roughly a quarter of that $4 billion is to address these issues that you and Gale were alluding to in the UP of Michigan.
Allen Leverett: Well, certainly, stepping back, we have an issue right now, even with the Presque Isle facility there. So there’s certainly a set of improvements that I think are quite urgent and should be pursued now. And ATC is seeking to get out-of-cycle review with MISO on those projects. I would say, Paul, roughly, that’s probably $250 million worth of projects. It’s that kind of zip code. But then the rest of them would be over a period of time. Now, there are as you would expect, there are competing proposals, if you will. So I’m sure that ITC would like to build some facilities up from the Lower Peninsula to the Upper Peninsula. So I mean there are competing proposals out there but there’s some of this that really needs to be done in the short term even with the Presque Isle plant there.
Allen Leverett: Well, if we get out-of-cycle review, I would say at latest they would get review by end of this year on those early stage projects. And then I would say if they got approval, Paul, those projects would probably be in place in the 2017 timeframe.
Allen Leverett: Yeah. I guess maybe just looking at it in the limit, Vedula, I mean, if you look at all the sort of the say the not-for-profit entities and look at their total ownership, well, it’s less than 10% of ATC. So it’s certainly not a huge part of ATC. Based on the way they have all behaved in the past, they certainly made their capital calls in all but some very, very isolated incidents. I think probably a bigger question on their participation going forward is not so much their participation in the inside of the footprint so that $4 billion worth of stuff that we talked about. It’s not so much a question about whether they participate in those, in my mind, it’s more of a question are they going to want to participate in some of these outside of the footprint types of project that ATC is trying to pursue with Duke. I mean, they’re certainly entitled to if they want to help fund those and invest but I think there’s probably a bigger question as to if they’re going to want to do that.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: That’s great. And then, Gale, just revisiting an earlier question they took you through slide 20 of your recent slide deck. And what’s not in CapEx currently that you identified, were you to go forward with that, would reduce the share repurchase, right? So we shouldn’t really double count here. If your CapEx does rise, that will limit your ability to repurchase shares holding all things constant.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: That’s perfect. If we can then to switch to the Wisconsin rate case. I know a lot of your peers there in the state are filing rate cases; in fact, all to my recollection.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: Exactly, sometimes that’s good, sometimes that’s bad. But in the context of that, I wanted to see, is there an opportunity to settle the current case. Yours is a little more complex than some of your peers, but just wanted to have your early read on the ability to settle it, if you could.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: That’s great. Very helpful. And then the last question just on the lower fuel recoveries. I assume you have baked into that your concept of plan to burn, and I wouldn’t mind it if you sort of expanded upon that on just how you – there’s a couple of different definitions floating around of economic and planned burn when you’re talking to some of these coal burns. So if you would talk about that and then I assume that’s baked in here, but obviously as fuel costs change that may impact that. So, if you just can give us a little clarity on that.
Jay Dobson – Wunderlich Securities: No. That makes a lot of sense and I appreciate that. Just on the point you offered Allen, if you were to work on renegotiating the contract assuming economic principles prevail, that would essentially just be pushing out the impact into future years.
