Gale Klappa: Allen, thank you very much. Overall, we're on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders. And now, we'll head for the Q&A section of our call. I bet our operator is standing by.
Gale Klappa: Certainly from our conversations with those customers, I think the remainder of the year looks pretty solid for those two sectors.
Gale Klappa: No. No. Because it would take a while for the commission to put all the rules in place for this new recovery mechanism and I wouldn't expect assuming the governor does sign the bill, I would not expect that mechanism to be in place probably until the start of 2011.Leon Dubov – Catapult Capital Management: Got it. Thank you very much.
Gale Klappa: I'll be happy to, Vedula, and Allen can join in with whatever thoughts he has. I think the key variables, the key factors that could swing, obviously, first related to the economy and whether our sales forecast was on target. And as Allen mentioned during his remarks, we're actually tracking just slightly better overall than our sales forecast. So at the moment – on a weather normalized basis, so at the moment, our sales forecast seems to be holding up well.
Gale Klappa: Okay. And secondly, always a big variable for every utility is weather. And weather clearly did not cooperate in the first quarter of this year. We also had a very mild April. It was the second mildest April on record since weather records began here in Milwaukee. So weather remains a variable and clearly we'll see how the summer goes, but it certainly has been a very warm spring. And then the third is obviously is obviously cost control and I'm very pleased with where we are on, on our managing the costs in our business. We continue to track slightly under the budget on our O&M expenses and that was helpful to us in Q1 when the weather was not. So the three big variables, I think, we clearly have – strong effective cost controls in place. We'll see how the weather pans out, and of course, the fuel volatility in the first quarter. Allen mentioned on the call that we do have interim fuel rate in place and we expect to still be under recovered for the year but hopefully, hopefully with the new fuel recovery in place, which is much more reflective of what we're seeing in the wholesale power and natural gas markets, hopefully that won't materially get worse as we end the year.
Gale Klappa: Good afternoon. Did you survive the Mifflin Street block party?Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Barely.
Gale Klappa: Barely. Yeah. You didn't see any vans, black vans sitting there smoking or anything. Did you Dan?Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: No, I'm getting ready to send all those folks your way in a couple weeks so.
Gale Klappa: Yeah. Okay. Well, what's on your mind today, Dan?Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: First of all, I just wanted to make sure I understood your addendum on the retail sales to try to adjust for the normalization.
Gale Klappa: Yes. I mean, obviously once the unit goes into, goes into service you have thing like ammonia costs to run the scrubbers, you have personnel costs, et cetera.Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Yeah.
Gale Klappa: Oh, sure. The fuel costs would be part of our normal fuel recovery rate. That's part of the electric bill and part of the utility's costs.Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. And then last –
Gale Klappa: Fuel and all operation and maintenance expense, or the power of the future units are responsibilities and are reflected in the utility statements.Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Is the lease payment, is that included in O&M or is that included in (inaudible).
Gale Klappa: Does that makes sense Dan.Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Yeah. That makes sense.
Gale Klappa: We have, as you may know, Dan, a stated policy that our board has approved related to the dividend. In an essence it's in two pieces, right now. And the first is we would pay out 40 to 45% of our earnings in dividends, this year and 2011. And then after 2011, we're proposing to raise the payout ratio, again, from 40 to 45% currently to 45 to 50%. So that would be effective based on our policy in 2012.Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. Thank you. That's all I have.
Gale Klappa: You are more than welcome. Hang in there Dan.Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. You too.
Gale Klappa: No. We don't, and I'm not sure whether we were brilliant or lucky, but when we did the assumptions associated with the future costs of our health plans, we realized that the subsidy under the current law, not related to the new healthcare legislation, but the subsidy under the law then in effect, in essence went away at the end of the 2013. We have several different plans that we offer to our retirees. And we assume that with the subsidy going away that that particular plan that was the beneficiary of the subsidies, we assumed that plan wouldn't be economic anymore. And so we wouldn't keep any of our retirees on that plan. So we didn't, we didn't basically take into account any benefits to the corporation for the subsidy beyond 2013 and therefore, no accounting charge was needed.
Gale Klappa: Well, we do know that the Cadillac plans are under the current law. So the excise tax on the "Cadillac plans", don't kick until 2018. So at the moment I think a lot of people are going to be digging into that and looking at that. I believe to be very candid, that all of our plans, if you look at all of our plans, which I don't view as Cadillac plans. By the year 2018, just given inflation that's expected in medical care costs, all of our plans would be deemed Cadillac by 2018. My guess is that virtually every company's plan would be deemed Cadillac by 2018. So at the moment, we'll just have to see as that unfolds
Gale Klappa: Allen is right, Paul. The first set of rules were theoretically to be delivered by HHS in 90 days, after the date of passage of the legislation. We haven't hit the 90-day mark yet. There's some discussion that perhaps a lot of those rules won't be promulgated in 90 days. I think we've got a long way to go to work our way through this ticket.
Gale Klappa: Well, we're cranking the Point Beach bill credits every month on schedule and under the current, the commission's current rate order, those Point Beach bill credits for retail customers in Wisconsin would basically run through all of calendar 2010 and then be completed.
Gale Klappa: So all of the bill credits essentially from the Point Beach transaction will be dealt with, by the end of 2010 and the remaining jurisdiction is just Wisconsin.
Gale Klappa: Thank you very much. This concludes our conference call for today. If you have any other questions, please don't hesitate to call Colleen Henderson in our investor relations office and she's available at 414-221-2592. Thank you very much.
Allen Leverett: So, Bill, let me make sure. This is Allen to make sure you're asking for a comparison between 2010 and 2011.
Allen Leverett: Yeah. That's right. If you look looked at the presentation, say, that we would have done in September of last year, a couple of, actually two conferences in September, we still have the $4 number for 2011, that's exactly right. But the electric utilities were slightly higher than what you would see today. So for right now, my outlook for 2011 for the utilities is $2.61. It was slightly higher back in September and really the differential between the two is the, the allowed rates of return at the utilities. So they're down somewhat because remember in September that's before we got the outcome and the rate case. And the Power the Future earnings contribution is up slightly. I think the ATC contribution was about the same, Bill, if you looked at the September version versus the current version. But bottom line, our expectation is still for at least $4 a share in 2011.
Allen Leverett: Well, remember, there were really, at least two big uncertainties when we were doing the presentations back in September. One, we didn't know the outcome of the rate cases, and two, we didn't know the outcome of the Bechtel settlement. We were yet to get either of those resolved. So in the former, the allowed return ended up being a bit less than what I would expected back in September, and in the latter case, the Bechtel settlement was a positive surprise.
Allen Leverett: That's right. Yeah. We would expect, if you look for a full year in 2011, a $1.33. So that assumes all four units online for a full year and no equity issue answer at all.
Allen Leverett: Yeah. And then, the – basically what will happen after five years with the lease payments on the coal units. There will be a step up in the lease, in the payment, so that will affect cash, certainly. But in terms of the way the revenues get spread over the term of the lease, if you take deferred revenue plus current revenues those all get levelized over the term of lease.
Allen Leverett: Yeah. I don’t, it's not something that we've specifically broken out, Michael. But as we talked about on the February earnings call, what's sort of baked in behind that $3.70, we're in the midpoint of the guidance range, is 10% earned…
Allen Leverett: … ROE, for Wisconsin Electric Power Company, but we've never talked specifically about the Michigan outcome.
Allen Leverett: Yeah. The, what happened in connection with the rate case, we did a new depreciation study. And based on the results of depreciation study, which we had to file the new study as a part of the rate case, it basically supported, lengthening if you will the depreciable life of lives of the assets. And I believe that our total utility level you’ll see, that results in about a $60 million reduction in depreciation expense. So that's, and so that was reflected of course in rates, Michael. So it's a variance. Your actual, actual but it was reflected when we set rates or when the commission set rates, rather last year.
Allen Leverett: We can breakdown for you late, but it’s, but to tell you the truth, we’re going to – we've applied to merge Wisconsin Gas with Wisconsin Electric here pretty soon, so it will be one big number soon anyway, Michael.
Allen Leverett: Well, in term of when we set, well, the guidance for the year for the utilities is, Paul, is for it to be flat, the utilities to be flat, that's our guidance, in terms of earnings, if that's your question for the year.
Allen Leverett: Yeah. There was a big swing, Paul, in part because we had a mild, as Steve is indicating a mild winter this year, a very, very cold winter in the prior year. So the bigger swing than just the change in degree days to normal might indicate.
Allen Leverett: Well, if you look at maybe we'll just talk you through it. In the first quarter of 2009, Paul, it was better than normal from the standpoint of weather and if you measure that in terms of margin, that was about a $15.5 million pickup versus normal weather in, in 2009. Then in 2010, as, as Steve mentioned, as I mentioned, that was worse than normal, unfavorable versus normal and that was $7.5 million. So $15.5 million benefit from weather versus normal in the first quarter of '09, $7.5 million going the other way in 2010 for a total swing of 23.
Allen Leverett: Generally, generally when we do guidance, particularly for a period as far hard as 2011 we just assume that fuel is a neutral. So you know, we haven't made any, sort of assumption that we'll be over or under collected in 2011. So that's, as it relates to guidance. Now, Gale, if you want to amplify that anymore.
Allen Leverett: Now that's versus our financial forecasts, Vedula, which you'll remember that the sales forecast that we bake, that was used for our financial forecast was not quite as rosy as what the commission used to set rate. So when Gale talks about how we're doing versus sales, it's versus the sales that are in our financial forecast.
Allen Leverett: Yes. Vedula, there's one other factor that we did discuss back in February and that was the Michigan REIT case and, we, we don't have an outcome in that. Of course, we're waiting for a proposal for decision from the ALJ, that should be any day. And then the commission, I believe, they have to rule in July. So that's something we, don't yet know what the final outcome of that's going to be, of course.
Allen Leverett: Well, basically, you know, 2010 just to remind everybody is about 10%. And then the assumption that we're making in 2011 is about the same, you know, going back to the question that I got. I can't remember who it was from. Earlier on the call, but when we're looking at the 2011 numbers, the 261 that we had in our – our analyst presentation for 2011 for the electric and gas utilities, the return is just under 10%. So about 10% this year and just under 10% next year.
Allen Leverett: Yes. And obviously we'll seek to do better than that because we would aspire always to earn our allowed returns but right now our forecast is for something little less than 10% in 2011.
Allen Leverett: So basically as we spend the dollars on renewables so glacier hills and south Oak Creek, we spend the dollars and then those earnings go ahead and manifests themselves below the line as AFUDC and then we would, we would seek to put them into rates into 2012.
Allen Leverett: Yeah. My – of course, they put out their proposed changes comment. I'm not sure exactly, Phyllis, when the comments are due back. But they – they put those out for comment. If, unless they change the – the way they're headed, the hybrids that we have under the Moody’s sort of scheme if you will, instead of having a 50% credit, they'd have 25% equity credit. So if they do that, sort of interesting result of one agency Fitch they will treat them at 75% equity. S&P would treat them as 50% and Moody's would treat them at 25. So I guess everybody has to be different, so they all the way across on the scale on the equity credit. But Phyllis from a practical standpoint, we're not going to change anything about our financing plan, right. Based on what Moody's does or doesn't do with the equity credit of the hybrids.
Allen Leverett: Right. Is that responsive to your question, Phyllis?Phyllis Gray – Dwight Asset Management: Yes. It is. Thank you.
Allen Leverett: So you are looking just to be clear. You're looking at page 11, Dan?Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Right.
Allen Leverett: Yep.Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: So based on that, so I guess it's right that the residential and small commercial industrial and mines did better on a normalized basis than you expected but the large commercial industrial X mines did a little worse.
Allen Leverett: Yeah. But just keep in mind, of course, that was reflected when we, when the commission set rates.Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Right. But I'm just, when we look at year over year –
Allen Leverett: Yeah. And I guess from an actuarial standpoint, there is this remeasurement concept, Paul, that you may have heard people talk about, and I certainly don't expect remeasurements to be required this year yet. But we will have to do a remeasurement of the FAS 106 liabilities in 2011. And we'll see what impact if any potential excise taxes in the future might have on that remeasurement, but I wouldn't expect a remeasurement in '10, but I would expect almost assuredly you'll have do some remeasurement in 2011. But there are a lot of uncertainties, I mean for example, Paul, Apparently HHS has to promulgate quite a bit – They have to did a lot of rule makings and depending on where they hit on some of that rule making, that could also have effect.
Allen Leverett: Yeah. And of course the Michigan credits are done and the FERC credit, there were no bill credits there, there was just a lump sum that was handed over to the customers back in 2007, I believe.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: When we look at second quarter with $0.60 at starting point, when you think about the rate case, the depreciation study, I guess…
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: So you mentioned, though the word Cadillac and so were you asking, so Gale, gave a very good answer to this, the drug subsidy issue, because the tax deductibility of the drug subsidy is changing, no longer, no longer deductible. So that's one issue. And Gale answered that question. Were you asking a different question, because you said the word Cadillac, which is a – it's a longer term issue about excise tax.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc: Apparently, I guess actuarials have started to dig deeper into that and it may be a bigger issue than the people thought at first glance.
Steve Dickson: Yeah. 23 in total, the electric we were – had about $9 million and the gas was about 14. Again, as Allen said in, the first quarter, it was mild. It was about 6% warmer than normal. Last year, it was colder, so that's the swing.
Steve Dickson: Yeah. Dan, I just want to summarize what Gale had said, as the utility is responsible for operating the plant, but the fuel cost associated with the new units, the O&M costs for running the day-to-day, the day-to-day operations, those are included in utility's income statement. In addition, the utility is making a lease payment for the right to use that unit. The lease payment is also in the utility O&M, but the lease payment is reflected as revenue in the We Power in the non-regulated segment. So if you think, if you carve out the lease payment that's in O&M, that amount matches the revenue that's being recorded in the non-regulated energy sent. Does that make sense?Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Right. Yeah. I was just trying to make sure I understood how that was working across.
Steve Dickson: Okay. And then on a consolidated basis, then that lease payment gets eliminated against the revenue that We Power. So that gets eliminated in consolidation.Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay.
