Gale E. Klappa: Thank you very much. Overall, we're on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.
Gale E. Klappa: I appreciate it, Greg. Well, the first thing is, the bill wasn't too bad at Catch 35. It's a little inside joke, folks. At any rate, if you look at our natural gas sales projections, remember our natural gas distribution business is about 20% of our total business. And then, you look at our electric sales projections. You put it all in one pot and we're about on target with where we thought we would be overall for energy consumption. So there's not been a big deviation up to this point, through the first 6 months of this year, against our sales growth forecast when you put the whole group of companies together.
Gale E. Klappa: Happy to, Jonathan. The truth of the matter is, the state has not announced -- or the Department of Administration, on behalf of the state, has not announced a formal timetable. We know that this is something that they are planning, that they are putting together a process to move forward with. But they've not announced a formal timetable. So the information we gave you in the prepared remarks, it was a sale that would be perhaps a 2014 or early 2015 event, that's our best guess at this stage of the game because they've not announced a timetable. But I don't sense any slippage in their desire to try to put a process together and move forward. It's just we don't have a very good handle, because no one has talked about a specific timetable at this stage of the game. On the other hand, the governor has said publicly how he would like to use the proceeds from the sale if a sale takes place. So there's no lack of attention at the state in terms of trying to put together a process. I hope that helps, Jonathan.
Gale E. Klappa: Thank you for the question. We don't, by the way, think anything is off track here. It's just a matter of working through the permitting process, and that's taking just a hair longer.
Gale E. Klappa: Terrific. And you may be getting more detail than you want here, Jim. But there's a third piece and that's what I generally call line losses. And that's been one of our focuses over time, in terms of how do you reduce line losses. And there are all kinds of ways, both from a process standpoint and a technical standpoint on line losses. And we've been pretty successful at actually reducing our line losses over time. We were able to do that in England. We've been able to do that here. So there's just hundreds of little initiatives, all focused on process improvement, automation and investment that can take O&M out of the business over time. I hope that helps, Jim.
Gale E. Klappa: Okay, sure. Well, the 2 major customers, obviously, are the iron ore mines. We really don't know what motivated them. I mean they have been eligible to switch, I believe since 2002, when that First Choice law was introduced in Michigan. And the last amendment to the law in which they received the -- well, actually, the Choice was introduced in Michigan in 2002. There was a 2008 amendment to the Choice law that specifically exempted the mines from the cap. So they've been eligible to switch for -- well, ever since 2008. What specifically motivated them at this stage of the game, we really don't know for certain. But again, I think there's some internal dynamics up there at the 2 mines, the Empire Mine and the Tilden Mine. Those are the names of the 2 mines. One of the dynamics, certainly, that we expected was that the Empire Mine, based on their public announcements, is going to close for good at the end of 2014. And we're not certain, based on the information they've given us, just how much they intended to produce out of that mine anyway in 2014. So the switch of the Empire Mine may have had something to do with the final stages of its life. Well, I'm speculating though, we just don't know for certain what motivated the particular timing for their switch. The other customers that have switched so far -- I might add, by the way, that we are the last utility that I'm aware of in Michigan to see customer switching. From 2002 up until June of this year, we hadn't lost a single customer in the Upper Peninsula. But the other customers who are switching are, by and large, very small customers. I know of a paint store, I know of a bank branch. Very, very small customers. So I hope that helps.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, I think in terms of remarketing, and certainly, we have some opportunities for serving some other customers, but also, we simply have to look at -- as we have been looking at, we simply have to look at the future of the Presque Isle Power Plant up in the Upper Peninsula. Normally, if you lost -- if you were in a normal business and you lost a significant customer load, even though it may or may not have been particularly profitable, you would look at, well, what capacity do I still need? So one of the things we obviously have to reexamine is the future of the Presque Isle Power Plant. It's all very early days and we will work our way through this; having active discussions internally, obviously, and with the Michigan Public Service Commission. And we'll just step-by-step, methodically, logically and productively work our way through this.
Gale E. Klappa: We have that in the script, and we'll go back to the page here in terms of the total number of shares for the program.
Gale E. Klappa: I think all of the information we provided you over time about the 10-year growth forecast for American Transmission Company still applies today. They, as you probably remember, Andy, they do a rolling 10-year forecast that's updated every autumn. And I believe it's October.
Gale E. Klappa: What we've deferred. Yes, so in other words, we're allowed to keep for our shareholders anything up to 2% above the target amount or our shareholders have to eat anything below the 2% target amount. And what Steve is saying is, we were just above the 2% target amount. So what you saw in our earnings was the amount up to the 2% target. The remaining over recovery, we've deferred. And if that holds, that will go back to customers.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, obviously, there's a lot of work going on around the industry related to that. I know EPRI has a project related to that. Some utilities are looking at it. We're looking at it, but nothing definitive yet.
Gale E. Klappa: Good question, Michael, and I'll give you my theory, for what it's worth. First of all, I think you're right. Here and across the country, we've seen a little change in terms of the historic past 20 years where usage per customer was going down at a slow, but reasonably steady rate. And clearly -- well, let's start with demand. Most of the demand for natural gas in a state like Wisconsin is coming from residential and small commercial customers. In fact, about 2/3 of the natural gas historically consumed in the state of Wisconsin is consumed by residential and small commercial customers. So there, very weather-dependent, obviously, year to year, but when you try to weather normalize, the big change has been the efficiency of furnaces. So if, for example, you replaced a 20-year-old gas-fueled furnace with a brand new one, you would get a significant percentage pickup in efficiency. And I think -- and it's that way with virtually every natural gas appliance in your home. The new appliances are simply much, much more efficient. So I believe that was the big factor driving this kind of slow but steady decline year after year in usage, natural gas usage per customer. Now the last couple of years as natural gas prices have really been low and have stayed low, we have seen a break in that pattern. And you can see it in the numbers we reported today. Couple of things going on. First of all, you know when it costs you less per term and your wife is cold, you know you're going to turn it up. So I think that's piece 1. The second piece is -- so I think there's not as much price disincentive to being more comfortable and to using more natural gas. So that may be one structural change. I think the second is we're seeing an uptick again in conversions. If you look at the price spread in most parts of the country between propane and natural gas, there's still a very significant price spread that incentivizes customers to switch from the use of propane to the use of natural gas. In fact, I think I mentioned during my prepared remarks that we've gotten authorizations and requests now from 7 smaller communities in the western part of Wisconsin, asking us to begin providing natural gas distribution service so that their residents have the opportunity to switch from either oil, propane baseload heat to natural gas. So I think that the pricing of natural gas today is causing a changed behavior in the marketplace, driving more customer connections, driving a move away from propane. And that is mitigating, I think, the increased efficiency that customers are seeing when they upgrade their equipment. So I hope that helps.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, until we see -- I'll be honest with you. Until we see more of a pattern here, I'm not sure we're ready to declare it a structural change. But we're obviously taking a very hard look at it, and if we see enough evidence that there's a structural change, it will change our long-term forecast. For now, candidly, the weather has been so abnormal, either abnormally warm or abnormally cold in the last 2 or 3 winters, and you know, I've talked about the limitations of the weather normalization techniques. I think we need to see a little more data and hopefully, more normal weather so that we can really understand whether the weather is driving some of this change, and our weather normalization techniques are limited, which they are, or whether there's true structural change. So I don't mean to give you a vague answer at all, but I think in another 24 months, I hope we would have a better answer for you because we'll have more data.
Gale E. Klappa: All right. Well, ladies and gentlemen, we appreciate you taking part in the call today. That concludes our conference call for this afternoon. Again, thank you so much for participating. If you have any other questions, the famous Colleen Henderson will be available in our Investor Relations office, and her direct line (414)221-2592. Thanks again, everybody. Take care.
Allen L. Leverett: That's right, in the spring of 2014. So we need one last permit from the Wisconsin Department of Natural Resources, and then, the final approval from FERC. So we expect to get those well before year end, which will allow us to -- when the construction season starts in Michigan, to do the construction starting in spring of '14.
Allen L. Leverett: Well, that DNR permit that we need, we have to have that Wisconsin DNR permit before the FERC will act. So it's taken us a bit longer to get that Wisconsin DNR permit than we had hoped. Because part of what's happening with this project, Jonathan, this might be too much detail, but we're literally moving the powerhouse from the Michigan side of the river to the Wisconsin side of the river. And because of that, even though it's the same river, the Wisconsin regulators have to weigh in. So that's taking a little longer than we expected.
Allen L. Leverett: Yes, and just on that note, Jim, in the case of Valley, that's a fuel-switching project. So there, what we propose to do is switch from coal to natural gas. Of course, when you go away from solid fuel for this kind of plant, much lower level of employment at the plant, the great deal of expenses and capital investments that will just go away because you're no longer handling solid fuel and handling the combustion byproducts that come along with solid fuel. So as Gale mentioned in the prepared remarks, that could be up to a $20 million-a-year savings. On sort of the fuel flexibility front, Gale also mentioned the project at the Oak Creek expansion plan where we're -- want to make investments to be able to burn a blend of bit and sub-bit coal. Depending on what we're able to do in terms of an ultimate level of sub-bituminous coal, we could be looking at $50 million a year in savings. Now, of course, those aren't O&M savings. They're fuel savings. But that still serves, I mean because ultimately, customers don't discriminate between O&M and fuel, they're just looking at their total bill. So that, certainly, is another source of savings. And I know, in other areas, Pat, we're looking at things.
