Gale Klappa: Scott, thank you very much. We’re still standing and we’re focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders. Operator, we’re ready now for the question-and-answer portion of the conference call.
Gale Klappa: Yes, good question, Greg. I appreciate, you’re asking. I mean, first of all, you may recall when we rolled out our new five-year capital plan late last fall, right before EEI Conference, we introduced this energy infrastructure category and we put about $900 million into that category out of an $11.8 billion total capital budget. So, yes, it’s roughly 8%, 9% of our total capital spending. Since then and given some of the impacts of tax reform given the fact that other companies in the industry are finding themselves in a position to sell assets, I think we do have a competitive advantage. I mean, first of all, our balance sheet is strong. We don’t have to issue equity to finance this $11.8 billion capital plan, and we do have the tax appetite. So when you look at the whole array of opportunities that we’re seeing in the marketplace, actually Greg, the opportunities that we’re seeing two of which we’ve obviously just announced in the last couple of months, the opportunities that we’re seeing to basically acquire high-quality assets that don’t change our risk profile, those opportunities are greater than we thought they would be back last fall. Again, it’s a small percentage of our total capital budget when we roll out the new five-year plan this fall, I – if I were a betting man, I would think we would increase that the amount devoted to that particular segment a bit, but again keeping all this in perspective, we’re being opportunistic with good high-quality assets here, but the driver, I mean, this is a great opportunistic situation for us, but the driver is still core investment in our regulated businesses. I hope that helps, Greg.
Gale Klappa: I appreciate the question. And I think I would answer that in two ways for you Julien. First of all, it really does not change our fundamental approach to a rate filing or to discussions about a rate settlement. What I think the legislation does do is makes it easier and clearer for the Commission to accept a non-unanimous settlement, and that’s the real key here in that legislation. There was some debate when we went through the last rate settlement, as you recall, which we’re now in a rate freeze going on four years. There was some debate about whether or not the Public Service Commission had the statutory authority to vote on and approve a settlement that was not completely unanimous among all the parties. This legislation that was passed makes it clear that they can vote on and can decide on a settlement that is not joined by every single party. So I think that’s the big difference that the legislation has enabled.
Gale Klappa: Well, it probably, if you think about the non-utility side, it probably gives us a little longer runway to look at projects. On the utility side, what we propose and what we will propose actually fits under the prior timeframe for the tax credits. So I don’t think it would change anything on the utility side necessarily. I think, it gives us a little bit longer runway on the non-utility side if we make some solar investments on that – in that part of the business.
Gale Klappa: And, Michael, I think, you can look forward, I mean, historically in the fall when we when we’ve unveiled the new five-year capital spending plan. We also give you some sense of what our updating and rebasing our long-term earnings growth rate. And so I think, you’ll see us do that on the next quarter’s call as well.
Gale Klappa: Well, we already have – a very good question. We already have the capital plan in place that gets us probably by about 2023 to the 40% reduction. Remember, our first target was a 40% reduction below 2005 levels by the year 2030. The capital plan that we’re executing now actually gets us there in terms of that 40% reduction by about 2023. So then heading toward a 2050 goal of 80% reduction, I think, you can start – we can start seeing some of that capital being injected into our plan 2024 and beyond.
Gale Klappa: Sure, we’re happy to. First of all, I think, you’re right. The circumstances are a bit different between the two utilities. If you think about our power supply coming from Point Beach and right now we have a contract in place for all of the output of the two Point Beach units for the remainder of their lives, which looks like 2030 and 2033 for the two units. So the first unit would retire in 2030, the second at the end of 2033. Those Point Beach units are producing about 22% of our total power supply for our retail customers. That’s a very significant portion of our – of the energy we’re delivering and, of course, it’s carbon-free and it’s dispatchable and basically runs, as you know, is a base load unit 24/7. So it runs and dispatches carbon-free energy regardless of whether the sun is shining or whether the wind is blowing. So it’s a very important component today of our power supply and of our ongoing efforts to reduce carbon emissions. So you never say never in terms of doing a buyout like what our – one of our other utility friends has done. But at the moment, I don’t see that in our future, in part, because it’s a little bit different situation in terms of the magnitude of the power supply we’re getting from Point Beach. I hope that respond Steve.
Gale Klappa: Yep, because I’ll be right before the meeting, where we can dive into great detail with you and yes, that’s our plan.
Gale Klappa: Well, it’s a great question. And it has been one of the positive upside surprises for us. Really, over the last three years, if you look at and we try to weather normalize, but you’ve heard me say before, there are real deficiencies in how our industry weather normalizes sales. So I’m always reluctant to talk about one quarter of weather normalized data. But we now have 2.5 years of weather normalized data, which is showing real continued growth in gas deliveries and customer use of natural gas. I think, Scott, we were up like three 3.7% and then another 3.7%, so you talk about 2016 and 2017 being about 3.7% increases on a weather nornmal basis. And then as you’ve heard Scott and me say, we had a robust growth in weather normalized demand in the first-half of this year. So, it’s very hard to tell whether or not that trend will continue, but clearly the trend has exceeded our expectations. And when you look at – and Scott and I really delve into this in great detail the other day. When you look at – to try to answer the question, what is driving this demand for natural gas beyond our expectations. And it’s not just one sector, it’s like every sector we looked at was green. Every sector we looked at was showing significant increases. So that combined with customer growth, we’re serving about 15,000 natural gas customers more than what we were serving at this time a year ago. So I don’t want to be overly optimistic here. But what we’ve seen for the last basically, 10 quarters, certainly would indicate that there’s some other trend going on here, which we haven’t seen before, driving natural gas usage higher. Now what that means for capital spending? Obviously, we will take a hard look as we always do as we roll out our new five-year plan, and you may see some modest increase in capital spending on the gas side simply because of the infrastructure needs. And, for example, we’ve already applied to the Wisconsin Commission for two projects, that would strengthen the natural gas delivery network in the Racine area, where Foxconn is and many others are now beginning project work. We simply don’t have a strong enough natural gas delivery network to handle all that demand in that part of the state. So there’s another $140 million of capital already that was not in our previous forecast. I hope that’s a long answer to your question. I hope it helps.
Gale Klappa: Shan, what I can tell you and you’ve got a great memory. What I can tell you is, we are still in active discussions with Foxconn about the configuration of their electric service – the basic elements of their rates and whether or not if there’s any opportunity for solar. So continuing discussions, nothing new yet to report the continuing active discussions.
Gale Klappa: Well, I guess, there are two options. One would be a self billed by Foxconn, the other would be that we would basically make the investment. And again, too early to really give you a concrete answer at this point except other than everything’s on the table and we’re looking to how this best works for both parties.
Gale Klappa: No, other than that energy infrastructure category that we’ve developed, I mean, one of the range of options we look at for that category for potential investment is gas storage. But nothing new to report on that front today.
Gale Klappa: Jonathan, what you’re seeing in that category is a lot of accounting noise and we don’t probably see that – you’re going to see that every quarter. There’s just so many items that swing around. And then as Scott said, the new accounting rule required us to reclassify as well. So we try to spitball that for you as best we can. So that you can see what’s going on. But it also masks – all of these things also masks how we’re doing on, what I call, true operation and maintenance costs, and we’re still on target there. We said we would expect about a 3% to 4% decline in 2018 over 2017 true O&M and we’re right on target to achieve that.
Gale Klappa: Well, it goes all the way back to 2004, I think, it was a long period of time. It was before the Internet. No I’m kidding. So it was really, I think, 2004 up through like 2015 or 2016.
Gale Klappa: No, I think – but very good question. But what we’re seeing in terms of the needed investment in our utility core infrastructure, I don’t see us pulling that back, because those projects are needed. So no, I wouldn’t see it diminish and if you will.
Gale Klappa: No, rebase. I mean, right now our 5% to 7% long-term growth rate is based off, as Scott said, the midpoint of our 2017 original guidance. So as we move forward to another year on capital spending, we’ll rebase our long-term growth rate off a newer number.
Gale Klappa: Assuming normal weather and normal expenses that we’re projecting going forward for the remainder of the year, yes, I would expect we would be in sharing in all three of the companies.
Gale Klappa: Vedula, let me kind of tackle that in two elements. First of all, we’ll talk about our largest gas delivery jurisdictions, Illinois and Wisconsin. In Illinois, there has been a decoupling plan in place for many, many years and it works quite well. But Illinois is basically decoupled and I expect it will stay that way for decades to come. In Wisconsin, we are not decoupled. And I really don’t sense in terms of the regulatory backdrop here, any big appetite to move toward decoupling at all. And frankly, I think, the coupling can be a mixed bag. First of all, getting the details of coupling right is a big deal. They’ve done a good job of that in Illinois. Here, I think, the growth we’re seeing and the growth we continue to expect to see, that growth really aligns the company and its business plan with economic growth. So for Wisconsin, I think, we’re going to continue to see the same type of regulatory environment and backdrop of the same type of regulatory treatment. I don’t see us moving to decoupling certainly not in the next rate case.
Gale Klappa: Yes, I think, Scott is right. We kind of have to piece through the details of these two pictures, put it all back together and we’re still on track for about the 3% to 4% decline that we had projected in O&M expenses compared to last year.
Gale Klappa: Vedula, I’ll suggest you save that question for Exelon, because in Illinois that, that rate adjustment tied to, I think, 10-year treasury rates applies only at this point in time to electric, not to natural gas.
Gale Klappa: Well, we’ll have a lot more detail for you on the next call as we refresh the capital plan. Remember though, some of the investments we’re making now push out the timeframe in which we become a tax – a cash taxpayer. And some of these investments also give us 100% bonus depreciation. So you really need to put all of the elements in there, and pretty soon it’s Ragu and it’s all in there. But I can tell you this. I think, we have some room because of the investments we’re making for some increase in the capital plan over five years with no equity issuances in our plan is no equity issuances, no drip. We don’t need it. The amount of outstanding shares we have today are going to be the outstanding shares we have tomorrow.
Gale Klappa: Well, folks, that concludes our conference call for today. We really appreciate you participating. If you have any other questions, feel free to call at Beth Straka, and her direct line is 414-221-4639. Take care, everybody. Bye-bye.
Scott Lauber: No, you hit right on the head, Gale. The tax appetite really does help bring that projects getting that cash back from bonus depreciation early on.
Scott Lauber: Well, when you look at the weather for the quarter, I mean, the weather was about $0.04 and the rest is – was growth. So we raised the top end of the guidance, $0.02, really reflecting a combination of the growth that we’re seeing and along with the weather. But we didn’t raise it anymore than the $0.02, because we do have some projects – some maintenance projects that we’re looking at for the fall this year, including some forestry and maintenance that was above and beyond last year, expenses and also a little headwind on fuel coming up.
Scott Lauber: That’s a good question. When you look in our assumptions are that we are partial taxpayers in 2019 and going forward, factoring all in the production tax credit. So we’re still at that 16 FFO to debt or a little bit north of that. So if we find other projects to have additional tax savings that would just increase us or put us higher in the FFO range.
Scott Lauber: Yes, that’s a good question. There’s a lot of stuff that goes to the other income and deduction lying here. And unfortunately, some of these items are being reclass between O&M and this other line, so I guess, really confusing in. And when we manage the business, we really look at both of them together. So last quarter what also goes through here is a couple of items that swing between quarters like we have an investment in some deferred funds out there like it’s a rabbi trust for some deferred comp and that also fluctuates between quarters. But year-to-date, this is – the reclass of this non-service cost for the pension was the biggest number about $10 million on a year-to-date basis. So there’s a variety of items that go both ways, including some miscellaneous interest income and the deferral related to our forward wind farm. When we put that into the rates in Wisconsin, we were allowed to defer a few of those costs to offset and unfortunately, that goes in this line also. So there’s a mixture of stuff in there, but this was the biggest item for the quarter and for the year-to-date that really came out.
Scott Lauber: It’s – it was a reclass out of O&M down here. The benefits last year, a couple of items of why the pension is down. The fund did well last year. The assets grew. So their earnings are better this year. The interest expense is down a little bit. And we did combine some plans into the Medicare Plan A for some other post-employment retirements plans, so there was some savings there also.
Scott Lauber: It’s just a very small item for the quarter here. We just – when you back out the tax reform stuff that was negative, I mean, you don’t anticipate to be a negative. So it’s about $3 million for the quarter.
Scott Lauber: We are not going to take capital spending plan away from the core utilities to move it into this particular category. So if anything there might be a bit of an upside, because I think what we’re seeing here again in terms of our utility core investments, those are needed projects for reliability. So that would stay steady as she goes. So you might see it, but I think you might see a bit of an uptick if the conditions we’re seeing persist in the other category. And again, to keep all this in perspective, today, it’s like 8% to 9% of an $11.8 billion capital plan. But I think, it again reflects the strength of the company that we can take opportunistic advantage of these kinds of good assets.
Scott Lauber: Well, we’ll take a look at it, but – and again, our plan is not to issue equity. But as your earnings grow and as you get bonus depreciation from some of these projects, it gives you some room.
Scott Lauber: And we track all the metrics that you talked about before FFO to debt and the holding company debt to total get around that 30%, so those are metrics that we’re looking at.
Scott Lauber: Yes. No, that’s exactly correct, Gale. And when you look at sales – if you look at sales across all the sectors and you have about a 1% sales growth in residential, small commercial and transportation in Wisconsin, that equals to about 0.75% or $3 million pre-tax.
Scott Lauber: Yes. When you look at that and when we really factored all that is – all that in, we were really looking at that as part of our O&M expenses and really consolidating it altogether. So the offset, when you do the math, it looks like O&M expenses is not down as far as you think and that’s because some of these reclasses. So I really look at them together and I think together you have a good picture of where we are, we give the guidance and being down about 3% to 4%.
