Gale E. Klappa: Pat, thank you very much let me zip up my parka before we go into the Q&A. Overall folks were on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.
Gale E. Klappa: Greg, very good question, certainly. In my conversations with my counterpart of Integrys we were supportive of the sale and the results as you saw published this morning in the new release were quite consistent with our expectations.
Gale E. Klappa: The sales would include the generation side of the business; deliveries because we are still delivering electricity of the mines would include just total deliveries to all of our customers.
Gale E. Klappa: Absolutely. This will all come up -- this will all be completed basically before the new effective test year of January 2015.
Gale E. Klappa: There have been no formal announcement of the schedule yet, however the state has hired both financial advisors and the broker and they have made that announcement just in the last probably I believe in June. So if there is a sale going forward of state assets we would expect that to be a 2015 event.
Gale E. Klappa: Again there’ve been no real indications from the state other than the fact that they believe they’ve made a major step forward in terms of interviewing and hiring specific financial advisors and a broker. Now one complicating factor is that they really are looking at the potential sale of a number of different types of properties though they have hired financial advisors for each type of property as well broker for the potential sale of the plants themselves. So they are really trying to organize a much broader potential sale of property than just the power plant themselves.
Gale E. Klappa: It’s really two things and Pat can elaborate if he would like to it’s really weather? We’ll its four things, the first three are weather. I mean literally this has been one of the coldest Julys on record in Wisconsin. I think Pat mentioned in his portion of the prepared remarks, the weather forecast was saying we will not have a single 90 degree day this entire summer in Wisconsin. I’m figuring if this continues Paul we’re going to be at 30 below in October. I mean really it has been incredibly cool and honest to goodness the weather forecast for August looks to be a repeat of July in terms of way colder than normal. So we’ve tried to take into account what we know has occurred in July which is just incredible lack of demand for air conditioning for obvious reasons and extrapolate that to August and then of course there is some timing Pat on fuel recovery.
Gale E. Klappa: Right, be happy to. Just to refresh everybody's memory, the environmental protection agency issued its proposed rule for CO2 reductions in essence from existing sources. And I believe the comment period now runs until October 16 of this year. Wisconsin's target and as you recall, each of the contiguous 48 states have been given separate CO2 reduction targets. And those targets were designed individually for each state by the staff of the EPA. Wisconsin’s target 34% reduction. Nationwide, the reduction target is 30% so we are just slightly above the national average. I think for many of us, while I will give the EPA very, very strong marks for creativity I mean they have never tried to tackle problem with this type of an approach before and they have really tried to give the individual states flexibility. But I don't personally feel like we were given credit for taking early action. I mean we have invested $9 billion in energy infrastructure since 2003 much of that has been either in modern and efficient generating units, renewables energy efficiency, other approaches that can and have reduced greenhouse gas emissions. So if you look on our system, our green house gas emissions for the Wisconsin Energy are actually below the levels they were in 2000 and we just don't feel like we have been given credit for the early action and I think that's the standard view among of my counterparts in the industry. So we are going to be commenting on several things as we work our way through the comment period here one of which is we simply don't feel like the appropriate credit has been given for the early action and for the renewables that we have put in place, there is still lack of clarity which EPA admits around how they will treat biomass plants and of course in terms of emissions and of course we have almost $270 million investment we have just completed in our biomass plant that does meets the state's renewable portfolio standards. And then one of the building blocks that the EPA has pointed out in terms of how states can try to flexibly meet the new target is to really run the combined cycle of natural gas fired power plants in the country up to 70% capacity factor. That is difficult in many parts not just Wisconsin but in many parts of the country, the natural gas infrastructure to achieve that kind of capacity factor for natural gas units is just not there. It's just not in place. So we think there are a number of comments that we want to make. Overall though I still feel like we are quite well positioned as a company and the reason I think we are well positioned as the company is because of how efficient our new units are. Our units at Oak Creek which burn coal as you know, are among the top ten most efficient best log units in the country and one of the cleanest burning power plants literally in the world and our new natural gas unit at Port Washington, our new combined cycle units at Port Washington are the most efficient natural gas units in the Midwest. So given the fact that they emit less ounce per CO2 or less ounce of CO2 per unit of output, I still think we are well positioned as anyone. I hope that helps.
Gale E. Klappa: Okay. Well, levelized natural gas demand I would think it has gone up, it has got about 1% over the –
Gale E. Klappa: About 0.5% to 1% what we have seen on weather normal basis. Where is it going? I am still in the camp but there is potential for it to go up however. In the last two years, we have had as I mentioned earlier some of the most abnormal weather both warm and cold that really stresses the weather normalization techniques that the industry applies number one. So that's one thing that I think the jury is still out on. We need some more time to be able to determine whether a pattern of growth is stronger than we project. The other piece though is we are continuing to see in our state at any rate, a much quicker conversion of customers from propane to natural gas. You saw the statistics, or heard the statistics from our prepared script but I think we have got in terms of percentage of new customer connections for natural gas this year versus last year, we are up about 8.5%. So there are a number of competing factors here and moving pieces. I think it's still too early to tell whether or not we are in a stronger uptake patterns in terms of weather normalize natural gas consumption at retail. Again in states there are heavy propane users and Wisconsin I believe is the fifth heaviest state in the country in terms of propane use. We see some real potential opportunity.
Gale E. Klappa: Alright. Good question again Michael. Let me tackle your Illinois question first. I don't see much in terms of propane conversion opportunity in the Integrys Group companies in Illinois because it's really people's gas so that is downtown and city of Chicago and then north shore which again very-very close to city itself. So I don't see the kinds of propane conversion opportunities in Illinois that we are seeing in Wisconsin and I hope that answers that question. And then I would also add in terms of the regulatory construction in Illinois for people's gas they are in a decoupled situation where we are not in Wisconsin. So, two different animals there and then in terms of O&M, in essence what a large chunk of and yes there are some sustainable productivity in cost reduction gains that we saw in the first half and that I think it will be permanent. But the line of share of $14 million of O&M cost reductions really came from lower medical and employee benefit expense and the reason for the medical we believe is that all of our employees switched as of January 1 of this year to high deductible plan. So the comparison maybe a little skewed in terms of medical costs, in terms of timing of when the company gets the medical cost flowing through. So we will see we will have a lot better picture in terms of medical cost and other employment costs, benefit costs, over the course of this year. The pattern maybe a little different this year and I suspect that it will be.
Gale E. Klappa: Sorry. The answer to your question is yes, particularly as it relates to medical. And here is why, I think for an individual we have $2500 deductible and for a family I think it's $5,000. So that was not in place with our low-deductible plans last year. So we suspect that our medical expenses will be back end loaded this year compared to last year and so yes the answer is there maybe some additional medical O&M expenses coming through in Q3 and Q4.
Gale E. Klappa: Well there are three drivers that I would point out and Pat and Scott can certainly add to that if they would like. The first we have talked about earlier which was O&M reduction. That's worth about excluding the merger cost, that's worth about $0.04 a share compared to last year. Then we have talked about the biomass tax credits and because of the accounting rules, there was a $0.03 of share hit in Q2 a year ago versus no hit in this year's second quarter. And then we had a lower effective tax rate which helped us by about a penny. On the negative side, there was a penny of merger cost and a penny of weather. So if you strip all that out, essentially those were the answers.
Gale E. Klappa: My guess is that minor movements in the cost of capital are not going to be a major impediment or a major benefit one way or the another. If the state does move forward with the selling the state owned steam and generating plants, I think they are going to be looking obviously for us competitive prices they can get but they are also going to be looking for the type of experience that I think we bring to the table. Again, these plants are providing pretty essential services to places like state owned hospitals to places like all the state capital, all the major universities and the system in Wisconsin and so I think there are going to be other factors, other than just pure price that will play into the winning bidder if the process does go forward. So experience and a track record are being able to operate these types of plants to improve the operations of the plants and to add environmental upgrade on time and on budget, I am confident it would a factor here.
Gale E. Klappa: Thank you very much. Well, ladies and gentlemen that concludes our conference call for today. Thank you so much for participating. Colleen Henderson will be available at our Investor Relations office, and her direct line is (414) 221-2592. Thanks, again, everybody. Take care.
James Patrick Keyes: On the sales side, yes. That’s why we kind of with the mine decision last year we started reporting both sales and deliveries. So with the mines decision the sales numbers will fall commensurately but we kept the delivery numbers there so you kind of have an apples to apples to prior year on how much we are delivering.
James Patrick Keyes: That's right, Gale. Does that answer your question Paul I can dive in more if you like but that's – I think that’s the bulk of it.
James Patrick Keyes: So yes Brian, sorry. Some of the O&M we didn’t expect. So medical was a little better than we thought. I talked about timing differences hurting us in Q3 in the guidance we actually got little help in Q2 versus what we have planned. I am going to write it off – start it with there is no one big answer, it's lots of cats and dogs I gave you two, here is a couple more. Gas sales came in a little better than what we had forecast probably because it was colder in the first half in the quarter and then the other income I talked about the land sells in the west park was something we didn’t anticipate either. So lots of little things kind of added up to give us better than guidance.
Allen Leverett: Yes, my assumptions would be Paul that since we will not have effective control of ATC even though we will have 60% economic interest. Since we will not have effective control because of the voting arrangement that we proposed, that we would still follow the equity method of accounting. So over in the asset set, you would have a statement already interest but I guess it's a majority interest in this case but you have a minority interest so you show you equity investment and you just take the earnings down.
Allen Leverett: Yes, most of our deliveries are from the Union Pacific although we do have a percentage wise a small amount from the Burlington Northern and a small amount from the Norfolk southern and we have had a lot of challenges really with all the railroads this year but particularly with the Burlington Northern. Some of that stuff is in their control, a lot of it is out of their control for example they had a lot of flooding of some the lines earlier this year but from inventory standpoint our coal inventories are pretty tight right now. We are not up to the levels that we would like them to be and we are not yet on the path to getting the levels that we want to be at in late September. So we certainly have and had to curtail operations of our plants. You may have seen some, in fact there was a news article this morning that a utility in Wisconsin is saying that they might actually have to shut down one of their coal plants because of the bad inventory situation. So it certainly not a level that would calls curtailment but it’s something that I am focusing very much on with our group in terms of coal deliveries and it’s something we would be happy to give you another update on when we have our call in October.
Allen Leverett: I guess no change really on our view of the competitive. This is the order of 1,000 process I mean of course within our traditional footprint within Wisconsin and the UP of Michigan we still have right of first refusal on non-multi value project. So that’s still there, we feel good about that and we feel good about our ability to compete for multi-value projects. But not a lot to add really on the process out east with the FERC ROE review, you know Julian the range of numbers that we had heard thrown out at the FERC low end was 10.57 return high end I believe it was 11 and three quarters and that compares to a current 12.2 at ATC so on a worse case basis, if ATC were taken all the way down to 10.57 that would be about a $0.04 per share impact on the combined company. So if you looked at the WEC Energy Group with the 60% ownership and ATC that would be about $0.04 impact at the low end, at the higher end 11 and three quarters it would be $0.01 a share. So still relatively nominal impacts but it’s something will – it’s not decided at this point and certainly.
Allen Leverett: Well ATC has not gotten the incentive adder but they have gotten things like a full quip in rate base approach. So we traditionally have not gotten the – I will call it the incentive ROC which is one of the reasons why I think, we at least have shot that maintaining the 12 because we were never getting the incentive level.
