Xia Liu: Thank you, Kevin. I'm happy to join the group for this call, and I look forward to working with all of you and hopefully seeing you in person at some point. As mentioned earlier, our 2020 second quarter earnings grew to $0.76 per share compared to $0.74 per share in 2019. Despite the negative margin impact in this year's second quarter related to the pandemic, we were still able to achieve quarter-over-quarter earnings per share growth. This was due to our continued focus on operating efficiencies, executing on our capital plan, significantly warmer than normal weather and an increase in the authorized ROE for American Transmission Company. The earnings packet placed on our website this morning includes a comparison of second quarter results on page 2021. I'll walk through the significant drivers impacting our earnings per share for the second quarter. Starting with our utility operations, we benefited by $0.07 per share from warmer weather and our continued focus on operating efficiency drove a $0.04 decrease in day-to-day operating expenses. These favorable factors were primarily offset by $0.04 of higher depreciation and amortization expense due to our capital investment and by $0.06 of lower margin, mainly due to reduced sales volumes. Scott has mapped those details out for you already. Moving on to our investment in American Transmission Company. We picked up $0.03 per share related to a FERC order that allowed ATC to increase ROE from 10.38% to 10.52%. This adjustment was retroactive to November 2013. Our energy infrastructure operations also were accretive to the quarter. The Coyote Ridge wind farm, which was placed in service in late December 2019 added $0.01 per share, primarily from production tax credit. The remaining $0.02 decrease is driven by some tax and other items, partially offset by Rabi Trust performance. Remember, variance in the Rabi Trust performance is mostly offset in the utility O&M. In summary, we outperformed second quarter 2019 by $0.02. Now I'd like to update you on some other financial items. This year, we expect our effective income tax rate to be between 16% and 17%. Excluding the benefits of unprotected taxes flowing to customers, we expect our 2020 effective tax rate to be between 20% and 21%. At this time, we expect to be a modest taxpayer in 2020. Our projections show that we will be able to efficiently utilize our tax position with our current capital plan. Looking now at the cash flow statement on page six of the earnings package. Net cash provided by operating activities increased $88 million. This increase was driven by higher cash earnings and timing of tax payments. Total capital expenditures were $1 billion for the first half of 2020, a $182 million increase from 2019. This reflects our investment focus in the regulated utilities. We paid $399 million in common dividends during the first six months of 2020, an increase of $27 million over the same period in 2019 which reflects the increase in the dividend level that was effective in the first quarter of this year. In closing, before I turn it back to Gale, I'd like to provide our guidance for the third quarter and full year 2020. For the quarter, we're expecting a range of $0.74 to $0.76 per share. This accounts for July weather and assumes normal weather for the rest of the quarter. As a reminder, we earned $0.74 per share in the third quarter last year. We are reaffirming our earnings guidance for the full year in the range of $3.71 to $3.75 per share with an expectation of reaching the top end of the range. This assumes normal weather for the remainder of the year. With that, I'll turn it back to Gale.
Xia Liu: Yes. I'd be happy to talk about that. I think the majority of that is COVID related. Remember Scott mentioned the reduction in the weather-normalized sales. So the majority of the 26.4 is COVID driven.
Xia Liu: Yes, that's exactly right. We are in modest - we project to be a modest taxpayer in 2020. I think the...
Gale Klappa: Xia, thank you very much. We're delighted you've joined us. Again, as we look to the remainder of the year, we expect to hit the top end of our guidance range of $3.71 to $3.75 a share, assuming normal weather. We're also reaffirming our long-term projection. Our projection of long-term earnings growth in a range of 5% to 7% a year. Finally, a quick reminder about our dividend. Recall that in January, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.6325 a share, that was an increase of 7.2% over the previous quarterly rate. We continue to target the payout ratio of 65% to 70% of earnings. We're right in the middle of that range now. So I expect our dividend growth will continue to be in line with the growth in our earnings per share. Overall, we're on track, focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders. And operator, we're ready now to open it up for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Gale Klappa: No, it wasn't catalyzed it all by the pandemic. This one is - we've been looking at this one for a number of months before the pandemic. So it was really just an ongoing part of our due diligence.
Gale Klappa: Well, we'll see how things shake out when we update our five-year capital plan in the fall. But again, a couple of parameters that really govern our work in that infrastructure segment. First is our tax appetite. And it so happens that we continue to see very high-quality projects where we can efficiently use our tax appetite to generate cash and earnings and continue our progress in investing in renewables. So what we're looking at here in this five-year capital plan and in the next five-year capital plan is really that happy marriage of efficiently utilizing our tax appetite and investing in renewables that have very, very high-quality off-takers in our solid projects. Again, we would not expect over time the entire infrastructure segment really to grow to more than 10% of our total enterprise. That's basically our cap. We have plenty of room, even investing $1.8 billion in this five-year plan. At the end of that five-year plan, we're still only at 6% of our total enterprise. So plenty of room, and I think a number of very high-quality projects still in the pipeline.
Gale Klappa: Just for clarity, we don't get anywhere near Peach Bottom. I know you're thinking about Point Beach.
Gale Klappa: And I think Kevin is probably better looking than the CEO over there at [indiscernible] At any rate we are - to directly answer your question and for those who need the context, a significant percentage of the electricity we provide to our We Energies customers, like a quarter of it is coming from our Point Beach nuclear plant that we sold to NextEra many, many moons ago. Those units are set to turn age 60 in 2030 and 2033. And we're looking at all kind of alternatives. I can tell you now that there will be a very significant opportunity for us in terms of investment need in the latter half of the decade. Right now, if I were a betting man, I would look at substantially more investment in renewables and probably battery storage. But we will have more detail for you certainly on the next five years in terms of our generation reshaping, when we update our capital plan in November.
Gale Klappa: That work continues. I think with the pandemic, the time frame for recommendations was delayed, but I still believe there will be recommendations from Governor's task force by the end of this year.
Gale Klappa: Durgesh, a very good question. Let me just say this. We have a plan in place that would allow us, as Scott mentioned during his remarks, that would allow us to overcome a substantial additional decline in energy usage, if we were to go back to the kind of conditions we saw in the second quarter. So we've got a plan in place that we think will be absolutely appropriate to continuing to deliver value and reach the top end of our guidance range. Now if things get better, if we see a stronger economic recovery, then obviously, we can flex in one direction or another. But we've been very pleased with the results so far. And I would also say that, for example, in Illinois, some of that's timing. Illinois will not be as hard hit as some of the other companies potentially because there's decoupling of our gas distribution sales in Illinois. So long story short, we've got really strong flexibility, we've got a great plan in place. It's delivering exactly what we expected to be. We can flex up or down as needed given the conditions.
Gale Klappa: I wanted you to ponder a little bit while I was answering your first question. At any rate, here's how I would look at it. We have found very high-quality projects early on in the five-year plan. So again, we're marrying high-quality projects with our tax appetite. So I would look at what we've accomplished so far is more front-end loading and more derisking of that segment of our investment plan. But again, we're going to be governed by two things: tax appetite, efficient use of that tax appetite and high-quality projects.
Gale Klappa: Well, I think it's actually not all that complicated. Clearly, as we look at the next 10 years, a 70% reduction in CO2 emissions over the course of - from where we are up to a 70% reduction, it will require continued reshaping of our generation fleet. And that in plain language means that some of the less efficient coal-fired power plants that we have in our system or that we jointly own, like you mentioned, Columbia, for example, those things will have to be looked at in terms of potential retirements. And we will provide you more color on all of that as we update our next five-year capital plan come fall.
Gale Klappa: Sure. Great questions. Well, let me try to summarize it, and then we'll ask Scott to add some color to this as well. When we had our last analyst call going into the pandemic, we projected that we would see about an 8.6% decline in total retail sales during the second quarter with the stay-at-home orders in place. We actually came in weather normal at about 6.9% down. So we ran better in Q2, the difference between 8.6% down and 6.9% down. So we ran better there. If you look at July and weather normalization over a short period of time, you know how I feel about that. It's more precise than accurate. But we are assuming for in our plan for Q3. Starting in July, about a 3.6% weather-normal decline in total retail energy sales. If you weather normalize July, Scott, we were running about 1% better than that.
Gale Klappa: And I think in terms of specific industries that you asked about, and this is something we look at on a regular basis. We serve large commercial and industrial customers in 17 different sectors of the economy, as you've heard me mention before. The ones that seem to be hanging in there with any kind of strength at all, it won't surprise you, paper, food processing, food packaging, electronic controls. And I will say this, in fact Xia and I were talking about this just earlier today, we have less exposure to the automotive industry than many companies. In fact, we have far less exposure to the automotive industry that we had going into the '08, '09 recession. So a very diversified economy, a number of the large commercial and industrial customers were deemed essential to begin with because of, again, food, paper, food packaging and processing, et cetera. So we have a diversified set of customers that we are supplying energy to. But the one thing that Scott mentioned that is - that stands out to me also in the quarter, is just the number of new services that he was mentioning and the number of new services compared to last year, particularly on the natural gas distribution side of the business, where we continue to see strong growth.
Gale Klappa: Well, great question. And as I mentioned earlier, we have a plan in place where we think we could absorb the hit from the economy going back to the depths of where it was in the second quarter. That's probably another $10 million to $15 million of additional O&M reduction, if needed. If it's not needed, we will certainly continue on with our - with all of the efforts that we have ongoing to continue to keep the system reliable. I will say this, the reductions we've made so far have really had no impact on reliability. We designed them that way. So we're in a great position to be able to flex up or down depending upon what we see with the economy. And I can tell you, in terms of - Kevin and I have talked about this at some length. I can tell you in terms of - we get asked this all the time, what amount of the cost - additional cost savings we've identified and implemented, what amount of that is permanent. And Kevin, I would say right now, we continue to see that percentage increase, but I would say where we are, at least half of those savings.
Gale Klappa: One of the reasons - thank you, Kevin. One of the reasons why we're so confident is that for us, operating efficiency is not a program. It's not something we turn on and off. The way of life here and it's embedded for years in how we do business. So I hope that responds to your question.
Gale Klappa: Well, as you know, Michael, the capital plan is really the big driver of the 5% to 7% growth rate. But I will say this, and I think this is very encouraging. The kind of cost efficiencies that we've been able to deliver really are going to help us to continue to drive our capital investment plan in a way that continues to keep pressure off rates. So I think that - to me, that's the key ingredient here. We've been very successful, as you know, in basically holding rates virtually flat for the last five years since the acquisition of Integrys. And that's been very helpful, obviously, from all kinds of directions. But long story short, I think what we're seeing here is icing on the cake in terms of continuing to be able to invest the kind of capital we need to invest, achieve the 5% to 7% growth rate, continue to improve and maintain the reliability of the system, continue to invest in renewables to accelerate future that's got very low carbon to no carbon and keep pressure off rates.
Gale Klappa: Well, first of all, our tax appetite does not wane after 2020. That's why we have $1.8 billion in the five-year plan. And just a preliminary look beyond the five-year plan, we don't see our tax appetite waning. So that's kind of piece one. Piece two, there are plenty of high-quality projects in the greater Midwest that we're looking at. And I don't really see the need to venture offshore or change our risk profile by investing in something that we are not very familiar with, with high-quality off-takers. So again, don't think that our tax appetite wanes very quickly. It just doesn't. And they're all kind of really cool, solid projects that are in our pipeline that we're looking at that don't require us to venture offshore.
Gale Klappa: Well, let me answer it this way. My wife says that I'm boringly predictive. So I would give you the same three criteria because they haven't changed. In fact, I was mumbling them in my sleep last night. I mean our approach is exactly what you would expect it to be, disciplined, not overpaying. We don't get involved as a genital rule in processes or auctions. And the three criteria that we would apply to any potential opportunity remains set in concrete. First, we would have to believe after significant due diligence that we can make the acquisition accretive to earnings in the first full year after closing. Second, we're not going to trash the balance sheet to do it. The industry is littered with stories where that didn't end well. And then the third thing, which is probably the gating criteria today. We want to make sure that the earnings growth rate of anything that we would acquire would be at least as strong with our own organic growth rate, read that 5% to 7% a year. So those criteria are hard and fast. In fact, the first thing that Xia and I talked about on day one was those criteria, and she had a giant smile on her face.
Gale Klappa: Well. That's a good question. But let me say this. We've already retired 40% of our coal-fired generating fleet, over 1,800 megawatts just since 2014. Most of those retirements were the older, less efficient plants. In fact, that's just the way we I think it's appropriate to look at the world. You look at what's on the bubble economically. So we don't have many of the smaller older plants left. We just don't because we've retired 40% of the coal-fired fleet. So as we begin to look at what other units are on the bubble, the economics will drive us. And I will say to you that our newer power, the future units at Oak Creek are so efficient and emit less carbon per unit of output than almost any of their coal-fired power plant on the planet, literally. So that would be the last thing you would look at. But long story short, what will drive our look at generation reshaping, our continuing look at generation reshaping is what is the least economic what can be replaced at a lower cost to customers, both in terms of actual operating dollars, actual capital expenditures, but also making the best in terms of environmental improvement. But we're not really driven necessarily by particular size, we're driven by economics.
Gale Klappa: So let me say first, just to put things in context, we have, as you know, virtually frozen rates for the last five years. During that period of time, many of our regional peers and Beth likes to point this out. Many of our regional peers have actually - have actually had double-digit rate increases. Many of them year after year in terms of the rate increases that they've been authorized. So our competitive position, Michael, is really in great shape today. And if you look at customer bills, which I think is the appropriate measure and one that you're asking about, we're actually in great shape. And then we have - I mean, we're actually in great shape compared to our regional peers. But in addition to that, I want to talk about the other things that we've done that I think are relatively innovative, to be able to be incredibly competitive for new industrial customers. One of the things that we talked to Foxconn, they are glowing about their projected price per kilowatt hour. Our real-time pricing rates are getting our customers, industrial customers who are growing at prices under $0.04 a kilowatt hour. And recently, with natural gas prices down and demand down, gosh, there are days when it's $0.02 a kilowatt hour. So we have put in place a number of innovative rates to make our state incredibly competitive for new industrial customers and growing industrial customers. And I think you see that paying off in a number of the economic development announcements. But overall, in terms of our retail rates, residential, commercial and industrial, we are in very good shape competitively today.
Gale Klappa: Yes. Good question. At this point, we'll wait and see every option is on the table. But I can tell you that the normal rate filing cycle that you're referring to would have us file sometime next year for rates that will go into effect in 2022 and 2023 with our forward look test periods. But again, to your question directly, no decision yet, but every option is on the table.
Gale Klappa: Yes. Sure, Paul. Let's talk first about the additional private investment that I mentioned within a 20-mile radius of the Foxconn campus. Since 2017, when Foxconn first turned dirt down there. There have been more than 70 projects, other capital investment, other private entities making or announcing $1.2 billion of additional projects and capital investment. And today, even with the pandemic, about two thirds of those projects, two thirds of those 70-plus projects are either complete or underway. So that is going extraordinarily well. And again, for those of us who've been involved in economic development, Kevin and I have been at this for a long time. We've always seen and believed in the ripple effect, particularly when you have a major company making that kind of a commitment. And that ripple effect is alive and well, believe me. I mean think about that, $1.2 billion of additional capital investment, more than 70 projects. Again, two thirds of those are either underway or completed. In terms of the Foxconn project itself, they have never stopped construction during the pandemic. They revised their footprint, they've revised their plan, obviously, to adjust to market conditions. But their activity continues at pace down in what they call Wisconn Valley. And yes, my understanding is they are in discussions with the state about some changes to the original contract, the original incentive contract. But I think that's largely driven by, for example, that contract, which is public, talks about a Gen 10.5 fabrication plant, which they're not building. So there need to be clearly some technical changes in the contract. But the two parties, as I understand it, are in discussion, those discussions are private. But from everything I can tell, Foxconn's commitment to Wisconsin continues. In fact, they announced that they'll be, as you may recall, they'll be producing now ventilators for Medtronic, which never was expected obviously, because no one knew about a pandemic coming, but they're going to be starting very soon, producing ventilators on that site for Medtronic. So there's a variety of high-tech things that I don't think any of us expected that are going on there.
Gale Klappa: Yes, exactly. We'll roll out the broad details on our next analyst call, which is usually late October, early November and we'll be happy to provide all the details that you need during our discussions at the - what I believe will be a virtual EEI conference.
Gale Klappa: All right, folks. Well, I think that concludes our conference call for today. Thank you so much for participating. If you have any other questions, please feel free to contact Beth Straka. She can be reached at (414) 221-4639. Thanks, everybody. Take care.
