Allen L. Leverett: Thank you, Scott. Operator, we are now ready for the question-and-answer portion of our conference call.
Allen L. Leverett: Right. Good question, Greg. And I think maybe I'll just answer the question. It's kind of at a summary high level. The plan that we put together for 2017 would call for us to reduce O&M. So if you look at the 2016 run rate, the run rate in 2017 would be 3% below the level that it was at in 2016. Now, in addition to that Greg, as we have always done in previous years, weather is obviously uncertain, could be better or worse than normal, so we certainly have levers if you will above and below that 3% level, so that we can adjust our operations as we see weather that's either favorable or unfavorable. But the base plan would call for a 3% reduction in the level of O&M.
Allen L. Leverett: ...began engaging with their staff right after the holiday. So the first week of January, we started having discussions with them. In terms of a likely timetable, Greg, my view at this point would be, from traditionally if you're going to file a case, you're filing kind of the mid-to-late April, early May sort of timeframe. So, I think we certainly need to come to a resolution before, say, that mid-April timeframe. And I think we're on track to either be able to file a case although we don't think that's the best path or to let the mechanism that the Commission put in place continue to operate for at least another year.
Allen L. Leverett: Sure. And so, let me bridge back to the capital plan that I'd discussed kind of in the prepared remarks. So, if you take the $9.7 billion, what I would just call the more of the retail business, add the $1.4 billion for ATC inside the footprint and then, put on top of that the $300 million outside the footprint. Greg, I see that getting us kind of more of the low end of that 5% to 7% range. And then, what you'd need to do in order to kind of move up in that range, I'd say most likely would be to make some significant investment outside the footprint, the traditional footprint at ATC. But the capital plan that I described in the prepared remarks, very supportive of something kind of near that low end of the range.
Allen L. Leverett: Yeah. I would say, well, short answer is yes, you should be paying attention, Julien, because I think that Arizona, there are certainly a lot of needs for transmission in Arizona. So, I would say though in terms of most likely places that ATC could do things outside the footprint, Arizona is one of them and then going into the California market, because they're going to be looking. They still have very aggressive renewable goals, and they're going to be looking to import effectively renewable power in the California. So, I think the largest potential opportunities outside footprint are in the West and more likely the North Arizona and California.
Allen L. Leverett: Right. I think your description was very good, Julien, but maybe just let me review it for everybody on the call. So, what we would do, Bluewater Holding would be a first here subsidiary of WEC Energy Group. We would capitalize at approximately 50% equity, 50% debt. The equity would come from the parent, and then we would issue debt sort of on balance sheet, if you will, non-recourse debt down at that subsidiary. Equity return in the low 10%s is what you typically see right now for the Wisconsin utilities. So that's how we would structure it. And then you would have a collection of three service agreements back from Bluewater Holding, an agreement to each of the three Wisconsin LDCs.
Allen L. Leverett: Okay. So, let me start with kind of the nature of the service agreements. So, when we'll lay this out in our declaratory ruling request, I mean literally in a matter of days, so we'll include in there the service agreements as we would propose them. In terms of tenure, Julien, we would actually propose 60-year agreements, so very long tenure agreements. And effectively what the agreement would provide for is a return on and of capital that's been invested, including the initial investment, and then as you have O&M, which we expect you would have O&M of course and I think it'd be modest capital but if you had some additional capital that would be required at the field that would also be recovered kind of through that return of and on mechanism. So, we'll lay all that out in the declaratory ruling and there will be attachments to that. The service agreements will be attached to that ruling request. Getting kind of to the second question that you ask, additional opportunities, I believe in terms of working gas, this field has like 23.2 bcf in terms of working gas, that's about a third of our requirements. I do believe, you could do some additional expansion at the field and you could add some more working gas at the field. If you did that, that would be also covered by that service agreement, sort of structure that I mentioned. I think other than that for the Wisconsin utilities, there really aren't any other gas infrastructure things that we're looking at. So, hopefully... (39:44)
Allen L. Leverett: Yeah, it only covers the third of the needs, so there certainly would be room to do a bit more own storage in the future because it's only a third.
Allen L. Leverett: I've not thought about that a great deal at this point, Dan. But I think look if you basically or Congress makes changes in the tax that effectively changes the after-tax cost of the different components, you'd most certainly have to rethink what's the best capital structure for the utilities. But quite candidly, I haven't gotten to that level yet in my thinking.
Allen L. Leverett: Right. Well, I think in terms of being able to continue to maintain O&M reductions, I do believe we'll have additional capacity to reduce O&M, Michael. But I would say, as you look out say to 2018, 2019, 2020, which I think is kind of more where you're going, the larger reductions in O&M are most likely going to be centered around our generation portfolio as we restructure that generation portfolio. And let me just give you one example in particular, bridge back to the conversation or the prepared remarks when I was talking about the new gas-fired generation in the UP. Well, once we have that new generation online, and we're able to retire the Presque Isle Power Plant, the run rate of O&M at Presque Isle, it's about $40 million a year, which very, very significant both for Wisconsin Electric as well as the consolidated entity. So, I do believe, there'll be additional opportunities, but the really big opportunities in terms of O&M reduction are going to come more from the generation side. There will be more modest, not unimportant but more modest opportunities and say, we implement our new ERP system, so now we're going through efforts where we're trying to get all of our utilities on common systems. So, as we implement our new ERP system in this year and in 2018, I would see more savings opportunities there, but that's a little more modest.
Allen L. Leverett: Right. Well, in terms of – and let me talk about that in terms of capital allocation, if you will. So if you look at the five-year capital budget, just that half, in fact, maybe a little over half of the capital that we would expect to commit over the next five years is in the natural gas distribution business. So, given that the natural gas distribution as measured by rate base is about a quarter of the company, right now. In terms of percentage growth, we're going to see much greater or expect to see much greater percentage growth in earnings in the natural gas business than we would in electric. But in terms of absolute capital employed, it's almost even, electric versus gas. But in terms of percentage growth, most of it's going to come from gas we would expect.
Allen L. Leverett: All right. Well, that concludes our conference call. Thank you all for participating. If you have any more questions, please contact Beth Straka at the company. Her direct number is 414-221-4639.
Scott J. Lauber: Yeah. The storage field will be incremental to that plan. And we'll have the new slide deck out shortly.
Scott J. Lauber: Yeah. And the reason for the note is, if there would be only a change of rate, it would be the $0.05 that we talked about at the holding company. When you go down the holding company page, if non-deductibility of interest would happen, it would be $0.14, so it's not additive. I don't want someone to go and add the $0.05 and $0.14 together, it's either $0.05 or $0.14, which once again, Allen talked about the non-deductibility of interest and where that would actually go.
Scott J. Lauber: Yeah. So, that's a good question. And we'll be looking at as debt issuances come due. Probably we'll look at it in a couple of ways. One, there may be an opportunity to open some of the existing debt and get it at that larger level, so keep it at the index level. We will also look at, should we issue in larger amounts and maybe have to look at our CP program overall. But we've been very successful at the smaller utilities, even issue under the index size debt. So we've been successful either way. But we'll evaluate them as they come due and what's the most efficient to execute them.
Scott J. Lauber: Yeah. In order to really look at the fourth quarter O&M, you really have to take a step back to 2015. So in 2015 as you recall, we had an extremely warm fourth quarter, and in that fourth quarter, we had to really look at our O&M expenses. And in the end, we had to control O&M expenses to get to our authorized return. And when you look at this year, we're just getting back to running the normal O&M in the projects that we were doing. There may be some timing between the third and fourth quarter, but we've really looked at the total expense over the entire year. So, there is a little more O&M, specifically in this fourth quarter, but it was exaggerated by what we did last year in 2015. But overall, we're able to hit our authorized return in all the jurisdictions. And like Allen mentioned, next year, we're looking about 3% reduction in total O&M.
Scott J. Lauber: Yeah. So the first quarter, you're correct Michael, the month of January right now is about 12% warmer than normal. It's like the seventh warmest in the last 57 years, so it's a pretty warm January. So, we did have an entry last year that took that $1.9 down to about $1.05. So if you take some weather of $0.01 or $0.02, we're kind of in the middle of the range that we provided. But it's really early in the year to say how that's going to affect our overall guidance, like Allen mentioned, we have a lot of O&M that we look at and monitor and we manage the business to get to our log (54:12) returns.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. That's great. So then, maybe just turning back to the latest acquisition if you will, can you elaborate a little bit further, one, on the specific acquisition you just did, where will that be accounted for if it's outside the utilities, that's just going to be at a holdco kind of figure? And then separately, just to clarify a typical equity ratio, typical ROE on the full 200 and change number that you're acquiring this far.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And just to clarify, what's the tenure of the contract that we're talking about with between the new gas storage sub and your utilities? I know you guys want to make this utility like, so perhaps just emphasize...
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yeah. So, it's not that big of an incremental opportunity on the gas storage side, not looking to fully cover your needs, shall we say beyond the...
