Gale E. Klappa: Pat, thank you very much. Appreciate the detail and the clarity. And overall, folks, we're solidly on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.
Gale E. Klappa: Starting in 2016 we are expecting to earn a full-year annualized rate of return, yes. And let me help with that one piece, because you're probably wondering like, well, how do you go from 5% to 9% at Peoples Gas? That's a very good question, Julien. I'm glad you asked it. Peoples Gas did get a resolution of a rate case in January of this year, and I believe the allowed increase was $71 million. A lot of that, Julien, was for catch-up capital that had already been invested in the infrastructure in Chicago. So the fact that a rate case has been adjudicated and they are seeing the benefit of the $71 million increase is helpful on that front. I hope that's helpful to you.
Gale E. Klappa: And Julien, the Fox 3 was estimated to be about a $600 million capital investment, which again based on our preliminary look we believe can be deferred.
Gale E. Klappa: We're certainly expecting to do so. But let me mention this one-time thing you mentioned about the one-time legacy asset sale. We have with the combined company like $29 billion of assets. I think every year, Greg, since I've been here we've had some type of asset sale. And remember we also have a real estate subsidiary that develops and sells property. So it's part of our ongoing, it's just part of what we do. And I would suspect you want us to do this, because it's part of maximizing the value of our assets.
Gale E. Klappa: In terms of the cash flow priorities, number 1 through 10 is obviously investing in infrastructure upgrades that are very much needed for customers across the four states. And as I mentioned at the EEI Fall Finance Conference, we'll give you a lot more granular detail particularly about our next three- to five-year capital investment program. But we see tremendous need and tremendous opportunity for the use of that cash flow to upgrade the electric and natural gas infrastructures in the region. So that's priority number 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, and 10 for the cash flow. And then obviously we want to maintain the 65% to 70% target for dividend payouts. And if there's any cash left over, well, we've got three doors we can go through. One is debt reduction. One would be if we can find, legitimately, additional investment opportunities and additional infrastructure projects. And then the third would be where we were before, which is a share buyback. But I would hope that and really am very hopeful that there will be additional investment opportunities that are really needed and that we can put that cash to really good use through infrastructure upgrades.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, it's a question we will continue to look at between now and the end of the year. But certainly in the relatively near term, we very much want to be at least in the bottom end of the 65% to 70% range.
Gale E. Klappa: That's a good point, Pat. So it all comes down – well, it doesn't all, but a lot of it comes down to: are there additional investment opportunities as we go forward beyond the plan that we'll be pretty granular about with you at EEI in the fall.
Gale E. Klappa: It's a very good question. Let me be clear about the ongoing dockets. There's one very helpful ongoing docket. And let me back up and explain that. The commission, before we got involved with the potential acquisition, the commission brought in an outside consulting group by the name of Liberty Consulting to basically do a review of the management, the physical on-the-ground management of the gas main replacement project. Liberty has come back with 95 specific recommendations, most of which are very practical and all of which we agree with. So what the commission has done is they've kept that docket open and they've asked us by September, early September, to file a transition plan that in part lays out how we plan to incorporate those recommendations into our management of the program. So, I think a lot of what you're asking about has a schedule and has a definite plan for resolution. But I view the Liberty Consulting report as very helpful and certainly I know the commission has a good bit of faith in the recommendations. The recommendations are very practical. They are recommendations that we would automatically have put into our transition plan anyway. And so I think that's the way, as we take a step back and re-look the entire project from soup to nuts, from scope to schedule, to logistics, we will be incorporating the Liberty audits along the way and Liberty will also have input along the way. So, again, a schedule and a date has been set for us telling the commission how we plan to incorporate the Liberty recommendations and I think that will go a long way, in addition to the expertise that we're going to bring to this project.
Gale E. Klappa: Very good question, Michael. Let me just say this. We are less than 30 days in. Right now we are very much on target in terms of our plan for follow-on integration. Everybody understands where they report. Everyone has budget targets for 2016. And we are in the process of working through every single functional area to determine where we go and what the shape of their organizations look like. So it's a little early to give you much more granular detail, but let me back up. There's nothing that we've seen that would indicate that our earlier thinking and information we've said publicly, there's nothing to indicate that that's off-track. I would expect that over the 10 years there will be a minimum of $1 billion of savings for Wisconsin customers alone in a combination of capital and operating costs. And that to me still stands as a good preliminary early estimate. So we'll keep working on it, but right now I feel very good about where we are. And let me back-up to your earlier question again. Remember the $2.72 that we're talking about as the base for 2015 is Wisconsin Energy standalone. So we're basically taking out either a positive or negative impact of Integrys utilities for the second half of the year, to give you a clean starting point, if you will that was basically the foundation for the logic of the acquisition.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, generally in all past cases, for the Illinois Commerce Commission to change its order, there generally would need to be new facts or some demonstration of an error in the facts that form the basis for the merger order. In this case, none of us see new facts or errors in fact. As a matter of fact, the Attorney General's Office, CUB and the City of Chicago really didn't indicate in any way, shape, or form that there were any new facts or that there were any facts in error. So again we believe the Commission's decision was very sound, well thought through, and supported by a significant body of evidence.
Gale E. Klappa: No. Nope. I really think it's kind of meaningless, to be honest with you. And the accounting noise around the second half of 2015 with the adjustments, et cetera, I think it would just make your head swim. To me the most important thing is: are we delivering what we said we would from the acquisition, which is growth over and above our 4% to 6% standalone growth. And what was our basis for starting? And that's the 2015 midpoint of $2.72 a share standalone.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, what would prevent us from doing that? First of all we'd have to have a plan that we would be comfortable with that would produce a 6% to 8%. And at this point in time, 29 days in, this is what we feel comfortable with and what we believe we can deliver.
Gale E. Klappa: I wouldn't expect that you're going to see an earnings guidance change at EEI. What you will see, though, is much more granular detail on our capital spending plans that drive the earnings growth.
Gale E. Klappa: Okay. Well, for Wisconsin Electric if you recall we just completed our rate case last December, so our rates with future looking test years are set for 2015 and 2016. So under the normal course with the Wisconsin Commission really liking its utilities to file for a case every two years, under the normal course we would file for Wisconsin Electric in the spring of 2016 for rates that would go into effect January 1 of 2017. So that is Wisconsin Electric. Same thing applies for Wisconsin Gas. For Wisconsin Public Service, they are actually in the midst of a rate case right now, and we would expect a rate case decision as usual from the Wisconsin Commission by November or December of this year.
Gale E. Klappa: In terms of the Wisconsin Electric rate case benefits, guys, no? Okay, Steve, we will ask you to cover that.
Gale E. Klappa: We'll certainly have a much better feel for that when we see you at the EEI Conference, but not yet. We are, again, 29 days into this. We know there will probably be a number of charges, and we will be working on it.
Gale E. Klappa: Oh, gosh, very different, very different. Remember, that was part of the announcement, that that did not fit with our model going forward.
Gale E. Klappa: All right. Well, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our conference call for today. Thank you so much for participating. If you have any questions, now we have both Colleen and Beth and they are available in our Investor Relations office, 414-221-2592. Thanks everybody.
Michael J. Lapides: Hey, Gale, congrats on the deal. Congrats on getting everything closed and rolling out new guidance.
Michael J. Lapides: I'm just trying to put apples – I'm worried we are comparing apples and oranges here. Because Integrys has a large gas utility presence; that means it generates or delivers a decent amount of its annual earnings in the fourth quarter. And just are you thinking that the second half of this year that Integrys would actually have contributed to our EPS? Or would it have detracted from EPS from the original standalone entity? Because a lot will depend on what your starting point is and the starting point here is a little confusing.
Michael J. Lapides: It helps. Let me ask another follow-on question, and I can catch up with your IR team or Pat offline. When you think about how far you are in the process of evaluating things like synergy opportunities or other opportunities to benefit – I mean, merger has only been closed for not quite 30 days, actually right at 30 days.
