Kevin Fletcher: Thank you, Gale. I'd like to start by highlighting the work of our dedicated employees, who are providing safe and reliable service throughout this health crisis. We've sharply curtailed work inside customer’s homes, and 80% of our employees are now working remotely or in the field. Our employees are adapting to these changes using technology, following health precautions and continuing to work efficiently. The remote work that's making our company safer would not have been possible without our recent technology investments. Although, we still have a long road ahead of us, I'm encouraged by the processes and procedures we have put in place across our companies. Our incident management team and occupational health and support services employees have been instrumental in executing our business continuity plans and developing new processes to address changing conditions. We’re working hard to support our customers through this crisis, and I'm grateful that we've also been able to contribute through our foundations to organizations on the front lines, including Local [indiscernible], hospitals, domestic violence shelters, food pantries and youth programs. Through these donations and matching gifts, we're providing more than $2 million to COVID-19 relief efforts. It's our way of thanking the people and organizations that sustain our communities. Despite these challenges we continue to make progress on key initiatives. Importantly, we have no active rate cases at this time, which is a real positive in our current environment. As you may know, the pandemic has made it necessary to stop disconnections and place a moratorium on new late payment charges for customers. Our regulators have been supportive and we're working through the specific mechanisms for future recovery. In Wisconsin, the Public Service Commission has made it clear that we are authorized to defer foregone late payment charges, uncollectable expense and incremental pandemic related costs. To be clear, this covers all related expenses in our residential as well as our commercial and industrial sectors. Turning now to our projects, we're on track to add utility scale solar generation to our portfolio. You may recall that we’ve already broken ground on two solar projects for Wisconsin Public Service, which will provide us with 200 megawatts of capacity. Our Two Creeks Solar Project remains on time to begin producing energy by the end of this year. Our Badger Hollow I Solar project is experiencing a modest delay, but we'll continue to earn allowance for funds used during construction. And we expect it to be operational by the end of April, 2021 in time for the MISO capacity auction. In February, the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin approved our investment in Badger Hollow II. Once complete, the solar park will provide We Energies with 100 megawatts of renewable capacity. We expect to invest $130 million in this project. And I'm sure that many of you’ve heard that the Democratic National Convention has moved from July to August. We've completed a thorough review of our network in preparation for the potential influx of delegates, and overall, we're in very good shape. And with that, I'll turn it back to Gale.
Kevin Fletcher: Gale, this is Kevin. Let me first say, I'm extremely proud of what our employees are doing and how they’ve rallied during this COVID virus epidemic. But Gale, you just mentioned that we're looking at day-in and day-out what we can do to be more effective and more efficient, and we're finding a lot of those opportunities. And as you said, I believe they will be sustainable as we move forward.
Kevin Fletcher: Gale, I’d add too, in my prepared remarks, and we still are expecting the Democratic National Convention to come here. And if it does and the markets open up, then there will be a lot of kilowatt hour usage during that summer period as well which will help.
Kevin Fletcher: Yes. Gale, I would add, it makes sense, excuse me, Scott, for doing so because as you just mentioned, moving away from the neighborhood. So I'm allowed us to not have as much interaction with going inside the homes, because in addition to the pipe replacement we're also moving meters from inside to outside. So with the COVID-19, we made a decision to minimize that and focus attention where we could be more productive, as you just mentioned.
Gale Klappa: Thank you very much. Overall, we're on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders. Operator, we're ready now to open it up for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Gale Klappa: Well, great question Shahriar. Let me first say that I think we have been appropriately conservative in terms of our view of how quick recovery might take place, and what the extent of the recovery would be in the near-term. Scott covered with you our base assumptions in terms of sales declines. My sense is that if in the region, we can get the economy restarted by June, that things will evolve in fits and starts. As I mean, clearly as you know, two-thirds of the economy is driven by consumer demand. I think the real question for everybody is, how confident will the consumer be in going back to their semi-normal buying patterns. Having said all of that, I mean, I think we're appropriately conservative in terms of what we expect to happen to our electric and gas sales volumes. We're confident in our levers and in the dozens and dozens of initiatives that we have across the enterprise to become even more efficient. We're learning things here, as 80% of our workforces is operating remotely, if you will. So we feel very good about our ability to drive additional efficiency and cost reductions throughout the business. And we're prepared obviously to pivot either way, if the recovery is quicker then that’s all to the benefit, but I think we have been appropriately conservative. In terms of the capital plan, when you think about the elements of our capital plan, they are really all about reliability. So, I don’t see any really need or for that matter, I still see the need to continue of that capital plan focused on reliability and improved customer service. The infrastructure segment will be unaffected, as best I can tell. And so long story short, we really don’t see any threat right now to our long-term earnings growth rate projection of 5% to 7% a year. I hope Shahriar that responds.
Gale Klappa: I would say it's a little too early to give you a definitive answer, but the early indications are yes, that there will be some additional high-quality projects. And remember, we are very particular about the kind of projects we're willing to take on in the infrastructure segment. But I would say that, given the sharp contraction on the economy, given the fact that some folks obviously need cash, I think we're going to see more opportunity. We will be very selective, though, as we work through that opportunity. But I do think there will be additional projects that we will take a hard look at.
Gale Klappa: I think so. Although, I believe that one of the proposals and Scott and Kevin can echo me on this, I think one of the proposals is for there to be a 100 basis point adder for RTO participation. Right now, essentially ATC is getting a 50 basis point adder. So there's a possibility there, Scott, I think of another 50 basis points in the mix.
Gale Klappa: So Durgesh, what that really means is, you won't see as big a pickup in Q2, because we’ve really eaten the full amount into Q1, because of again, of the timing and the collapse of oil and gas prices.
Gale Klappa: Well, good question. And I think the answer will be boringly repetitive, because we have a set of criteria, as you know, that we use to look at any potential strategic or acquisition opportunity. And I'll just repeat them quickly, so we put everybody to sleep. But these are important, at least in my judgment. Following these criteria, in our sector, in our industry, I think, if you can follow these criteria and actually execute on them, I think you create shareholder value. If you don't, then I think the story gets a little bit more muddy. So our really set in stone criteria are, we would have to believe that anything we would acquire, will be a creative in the first full year after closing. We're not going to trash the balance sheet to do it, we worked very hard to have one of the strongest balance sheets in the industry, and we’re not going to make something accretive by thrashing the balance sheet. And then thirdly, and I think Julien, this would be the gating question right now, as we look at the landscape, we’d have to believe that the growth rate of anything that we would acquire would have to be as strong as our own organic growth rate or stronger. Read that 5% to 7% earnings per share growth a year, that right now, would be I think the biggest gating question for us, as we look at anything around the landscape. I hope that responds to your question.
Gale Klappa: We're doing a little meatball math here, as we think about responding appropriately to your question.
Gale Klappa: I think Scott is exactly right. As we've done our sensitivities, even if the second quarter became the third quarter and the fourth quarter, I think we're still under a $100 million in terms of pre-tax margin loss.
Gale Klappa: Yes. No, we factored in both gas and electric. I would remind you, though, that the second and third quarters for gas deliveries are very minimal. Our big quarters, obviously are the heating seasons, so, Q1 and Q4 for natural gas. But we have factored in. And again, I mean our natural gas deliveries were largely unaffected by the pandemic in Q1. But we have factored in some reduction in Q4, assuming the world is not back to total normal for gas deliveries.
Gale Klappa: Matter of fact, yes. There's another site that Amazon is looking at right now in one of the suburbs. That would be their site for same-day delivery. That's going through citing an approval process right now, but it's an existing warehouse. And my understanding is it's about 400,000 square feet. So yes, Amazon is actively looking at potential expansion here as well.
Gale Klappa: Great question. Here's what I can tell you. The league very much wants to resume. They've talked about even potentially restarting a part of the season as late as August. But I think there's a very strong desire on behalf of the league to in some way shape or form get to a meaningful playoff. Now, having said that, my own personal guess is if that does happen, it would be a broadcast only event without fans in the stands. But if I were a betting man, I would say odds are better than 50-50 that there will be some resumption of the current NBA season, even if it means a delay in starting the next season.
Gale Klappa: Yes. And if you're a partial owner of the Bucks and they win the championship, you might get a ring. This would be pretty cool.
Gale Klappa: I think a part of this is our general operating philosophy. I mean, when you focus as a mantra and as a management focus day-in day-out on the fundamentals and executing the fundamentals, as efficiently as you can, it really gives you good insight into where you can drive an additional reductions, additional cost control, additional efficiency, both short-term and long-term. I think one of the factors that I would cite for our success is really every day, we try to get better at the fundamentals of our business. And that's really the focus of what our operating teams do every day. So I think that's a big factor. Understanding exactly what's driving your costs and understanding exactly, not just top down bottom up as well on how we can get better every day.
Gale Klappa: Well, the honest answer is, we don't know. I mean, until we see how the consumer comes out of this shutdown of the economy, it's really almost impossible to tell overall. But, having said that, every one of the major economic development expansion projects that we've announced in the last two years are as I mentioned, as Foxconn is a good example, are rocking and rolling and going forward with the same commitment. In fact, one of the -- and I won't mention their name because it's not public yet, but one of the major announcements we've made in the economic development front about a year and a half ago, we've just learned the footprint is going to be even larger. So that's one of the reasons why I don't see a diminution in our long-term growth rate. We've got major capital projects on the way, and I will tell you in terms of customer growth, customer expansion. The other thing I will tell you on the more optimistic or even more optimistic side, I already believe that we're going to see a reshaping of the supply chains, with much more productivity and much more production coming into the U.S. I think one of the lessons that everybody has learned is nothing against China, but we can't be dependent on Chinese production for all of the antibiotics that are prescribed in the U.S. or the great majority of them. I think you're going to see a reshaping of the supply chain. Again, with more production coming in the U.S. over the next few years, and Wisconsin will be particularly well suited to take advantage of that in my view.
Gale Klappa: Yes. I think percentage wise you're pretty much on it. Yes. But we'd assume 2% to 3%, then if you add the $70 million to $80 million on top of that, yes, you're in the ballpark.
Gale Klappa: Well, it's a little bit early to give you a precise answer. The $70 million to $80 million of cost savings that we expect to achieve this year on exactly what amount of that is sustainable. But I will tell you that -- and I think this is the case for many of our brethren across the industry. Now that we're having to operate as remotely as we are, and we're doing very well. I mean, as Kevin mentioned earlier, actually our customer satisfaction levels are the highest I've ever seen. And we generally have very high customer satisfaction. And I think our folks have managed to operate very effectively in this environment. So for example -- and we will be shaking this all out as we continue to watch and observe over the course of the rest of the year. But I'll give you one specific example. We're not going to need as many physical facilities as we once thought we would need. And there were some expansion plans on the drawing board. I don't think we're going to need that. I don't believe we're going to need all of them, maybe none of them, but as an example. So we'll see how this goes. But I would just point you back to our track record. I mentioned earlier more than a 7% decline in sustainable O&M reduction, ‘19 over ‘18, a 2% to 3% that we believe was going to be permanent this year. And I think it will be more than that.
Gale Klappa: Well, this was the same resolution that was passed a year ago. So now we're in the second year of the same resolution. For those of you who are not familiar with this, the resolution basically asked the governor to look into the cost and effectiveness of the pipe replacement program. The major concern as we understand it from a few of the council members is affordability. And there's a very, very good answer to that. And that is that if you look at customer bills, customer gas bills in Illinois, starting in the year that this legislation was passed that incentivized utilities in Illinois to accelerate the pipe replacement program, customer bills are actually down. We have not created an affordability crisis in any way shape or form. Once completed, and it's going to take a while, the system will be more efficient, that should be helpful in terms of customer bills. And in addition to that, we have just provided to the Illinois Commerce Commission an independent study from a worldwide internationally known engineering firm, that the Commission asked us to basically take a hard look at the execution of our pipe replacement program. So we've just presented the -- it's called the Kiefner study. You may want to take a look at that. It should be on the Illinois Commerce Commission website, or a summary of it certainly should be. But the bottom line is, the Kiefner study indicated that the aging pipes underneath Chicago have a useful life even shorter than what we had anticipated. And the average useful life remaining according to the Kiefner study is 15 years. So Kiefner, actually recommended in its study to the Illinois Commerce Commission that we accelerate the work to an even greater degree than we're trying to do now. I don't know practically other than a pandemic where you can do a lot more work in a loop. I don't know how practical, significant additional acceleration is. But long story short, there's even more evidence now of the need for the program, number one, verified by an outside international engineering firm. Number two, there is no heating cost crisis compared to when this program started.
Gale Klappa: Paul, really nothing yet, in that. Remember, we're under a residential disconnect moratorium in all of our cold weather states, that usually runs through April 15. So we wouldn't have seen any major difference in terms of collectability or disconnections through tax day, normal tax day anyway. So we're really only looking at about a two week period since then. And I don't think the data Scott is meaningful on that two week period.
Gale Klappa: You're welcome. You too, Paul. Thank you very much. Well, folks, we really appreciate your questions. That concludes our conference call for today. If you have any additional questions free feel -- I cannot talk anymore. You wore me out here. Feel free to contact Beth Straka, Head of our Investor Relations Group. And she can be reached at 414-221-4639. Thanks, everybody. Stay safe and take care.
Scott Lauber: Correct. This is a $13.5 million better in the first quarter. And once again, it's a lot of it due to the timing of the fuel recoveries. As you recall historically, there's a pattern of the fuel recoveries at Wisconsin Electric, that you usually over collect in the first and second quarters, under collect in the third and then swings back in the fourth quarter. And we just really had some positive fuel recoveries with the price of natural gas and our operating fuel cost in the first quarter. So we are ahead of the plan in this first quarter, specifically, compared to last year and compared to our original guidance that we set.
Scott Lauber: Yes. So the other O&M and what we did is we broke it out, because we've talked about this before, the offset of some of that deferred compensation is in the Rabbi Trust. So this O&M is really the day-to-day savings that we're seeing from the multitude of operating savings across the footprint. And this is specifically what's related to the majority of its what related to Wisconsin segment and there's more in Illinois and in the smaller utilities also. So that's the day-to-day stuff.
Scott Lauber: Yes. So, we are looking at our residential usage. And like we've done before, we track our entire system and our large customers in residential, using our automatic meter reading. And really looking at the data, we are seeing anywhere to at least 5% plus and some weeks on the residential usage. So when we put our forecast together, looking at 4% is more of a realistic estimate to be a little conservative. And as you go through the customer classes, the large commercial and customers that we look at and we track as the 17 major segments that we're looking at in our area, and we get reports weekly on it. And we're seeing between 16% and 18% down there, and that's what we factored into our guidance here in the second quarter. And then the third segment is really that small commercial area that we're seeing down probably about 6% to 8%. So that's how we factored it in.
Scott Lauber: Yes. So if you would take that second quarter trended out and carry the whole year, that may be another $10 million to $15 million. And that's, the ballpark number we've been thinking about here, if that would be the case scenario. I mean, once again, we're seeing things start up and then kind of go back down and we anticipate as the stay at home orders start to open up, we'll see some movement here. But we do have those kinds of bookends here and we're watching it every day.
Scott Lauber: And in Illinois also, there was already in place collection of bad debt expense for both residential and commercial industrial in Illinois. So that's already in place.
Scott Lauber: Yes. No, Gale, you're exactly right. And '08, '09 was a little different period there. But, once again, we executed and we achieved our earnings guidance and we earned our returns on our utilities.
Scott Lauber: So actually, the cash flow has been positive so far. And we did issue a small debt at our small utilities about $110 million that helps with the liquidity. Overall, MERC/MGU in total it was $110 million. So we will still have some issuances through remaining of the year, as we look at financing now that we have multiple items in the infrastructure segment, we'll be looking at that and also potentially some holding company debt. So we're evaluating it right now and looking at the timing, but the rates are coming down a little, so that looks good. But right now the additional liquidity was good cash flow and additional debt at the smaller utilities.
Scott Lauber: Yes, that’s exactly right. So, we had a great first quarter on our O&M control, and that was really needed to offset some of the weather that we had. But the O&M for the rest of the year, we’re going to continue to take cost out as we talked about to achieve that.
Scott Lauber: No. It's pretty early yet. Normally, we see a little reduction in those remaining two weeks, we saw a small increase, but it's really early yet. So we're watching it very closely like everything else.
