Gale E. Klappa: Scott, thank you very much. Overall, we're on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders. Operator, we're ready now for the question-and-answer portion of the conference call.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, again a very good question. And yes, I am confident in part. Well, first of all, let me back up. We will be – in 2019, next year, we will be in year number four of a retail rate freeze at Wisconsin. During that four-year period, virtually every utility around us has had to raise rates. When you look at our rates now, in fact, the Wisconsin Commission just put out a draft, the energy assessment. They do this every several years and they talk now about Wisconsin. The Wisconsin Commission in its draft report just last week talked about how the average bill in Wisconsin for the median income person in Wisconsin is lower than the region. So, we're starting to see others that provide electricity in the region have to raise rates as they move into their cycle of significant building. So, I feel very good about where we're headed from a competitive standpoint in offering a competitively priced product, number one. Number two, how we can continue to do that. I mean, I believe we have a long runway of O&M cost savings ahead of us. We've announced, for example, two more power plant closures, the Pulliam plant at Wisconsin Public Service in Green Bay. And, of course, we've been planning to close the Presque Isle Power Plant for a number of years. You put the O&M for those plants together and you're talking about close to $100 million annual O&M. So, we have a lot of cost saving initiatives. We have a lot of efficiency initiatives that are really coming out of our acquisition of Integrys, plus the opportunity now to actually green our fleet and save O&M costs. So, I feel very good about deploying the capital plan that we've laid out, the $11.8 billion plan over the next five years without any significant rate pressure in Wisconsin.
Gale E. Klappa: No. We thought it was a very – again a very thoughtful recent decision and really will make a big, big dent as Scott said in the unrecovered balance for transmission costs. And by the way, I wanted you to know that Greg promised if you were checking on him on Thursday, he'd be working.
Gale E. Klappa: Yeah. Good question, Shar. First of all, a little bit of background, earthmoving at the site of the Foxconn campus site will begin in the next few weeks and so much of soil has to be moved during the excavation process that excavation in and of itself will take until August of 19 to complete. If you take a standard football field, the 100-yard football field, enough earth has to be moved to basically fill that football field 1,475 times, means it's just an enormous, enormous project. So, basically all of the field work will begin in just a few weeks. I would think that we will start to see peak construction in 2020. And yes, there will be and there are incremental investment opportunities for us, both related to electricity and natural gas but the bigger surprise for us really is the level of natural gas demand. I think I may have mentioned in my prepared remarks that there's probably an additional $120 million of investments that we're going to need in natural gas delivery, in the infrastructure there, to get gas to that complex. And to the development that is now – we're now starting to see as you would imagine, we're now starting to see other developments announced. Someone just announced a new hotel just 6 miles from the Foxconn campus. So we're going to see the spin-off or the ripple effect development soon. And American Transmission Company has already filed for about $120 million transmission upgrade and there will be more to come. Now, in terms of our sales numbers though, Scott will update in the fall when we have our new capital plan, we'll update our sales growth projections that we'll probably start to see some reasonable incremental demand from Foxconn I would say late 2020, 2021.
Gale E. Klappa: Shar, the short answer is yes. But, we will not do an investment that changes our risk profile. So – but there are a number of opportunities really even in the Midwest that we're seeing today that we would not have seen last year simply because of the impact of tax reform and other companies wanting, as you say, to mitigate the need for new equity. I mean, we're in a very fortunate position where we don't need new equity and we have some ability to take advantage of the opportunity to buy really strong assets that don't change our risk profile. So, I guess as they would say in the UK, watch this space.
Gale E. Klappa: No, not at this point. And right now for – again it's MISO that basically assigns the capacity factor. And right now to the best of our knowledge that remains at 70% in Wisconsin.
Gale E. Klappa: Yeah, Wisconn Valley. It's the Midwest version of Silicon Valley. There has been nothing specific announced yet, but I can tell you just from being involved in the project that there are multiple companies that would become a need to become part of the Foxconn supply chain that are in the early stages of figuring out how they're going to locate and become actually part of that supply chain. But I am encouraged by one other development, and that is Foxconn is really looking hard at a number of Wisconsin companies to become part of their supply chain. So, companies that are existing here that would get more revenue, more production, more income by becoming part of the supply chain. So, I think it's going to be a combination of a number of companies moving to the state, but also a number of companies that are going to get additional business from the fact that they will be suppliers to Foxconn, but I think you'll start to see some announcements here in the next few months.
Gale E. Klappa: Exactly. And in terms of the Upstream Wind Energy Center that we just announced, that could be a couple of cents a share. So, it's not $0.20 a share, but I think it's indicative of the fact that we are seeing some opportunities again that don't change our risk profile where we can deploy capital.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, a couple points on that. We already have a pretty successful green tariff, it's called Energy for Tomorrow. And we have no issue with expanding that tariff whatsoever, as a number of our customers want to have some or all of their energy be green energy. But I do see there are some additional potential opportunities for us to make investments with customers where we would own the renewable and they would be an off-taker. So a lot of interest there, a lot of changes in the marketplace as both solar and wind have become more cost effective.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, Scott is looking for a particular piece of information. I'll try to give you the answer to the first question. On our transmission escrow balance, we're just north of $200 million going into 2018. And I think as Scott said earlier, with basically with 80% of the benefits of tax reform flowing to reduce that transmission escrow coupled with the fact that there's going to be lower a benefit from tax reform from American Transmission Company as well that will help lower that balance. We think we'll take it all the way down to around $40 million by the end of 2019.
Gale E. Klappa: Yeah. We'll probably finance just like we do our normal assets, 50% equity, 50% debt, if that helps.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, I think one of your colleagues brought that up as a potential example. Let me go back to our five-year capital plan. And when you look at the pie chart that breaks down our $11.8 billion of capital spend over the next five years, you will see a segment called energy infrastructure and that segment is designed for us to deploy capital into the types of things we're talking about opportunistically. So, whether that's a fully contracted midstream pipe or whether that's a fully contracted wind farm or whether that's an investment with a customer that we would invest in solar or a gas storage. So there's a whole range of energy infrastructure type projects that we are going to be analyzing and looking at, as part of that five-year capital plan. This is the first entry into that segment.
Gale E. Klappa: Right. But the general concept is, as Scott just said so well, holding company debt to total debt at about 30%.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, again, we've nailed down a segment for the next five years and the total amount in that segment, Scott, is roughly...
Gale E. Klappa: Yeah. And I think there are opportunities that could certainly take us to that level over the five-year period. So, for the next five years, think about and maybe an incremental $700 million on top of where we are today.
Gale E. Klappa: Yeah, we'd have to be both of those things, and overall not changing our risk profile. And if you'd like to go the Antelope County in Nebraska to see the Upstream under construction, we'd be happy to take you there.
Gale E. Klappa: Not yet. I mean that may come depending upon the ancillary development, the additional development that we think will occur in that area, but at the moment, we're sticking with the $11.8 billion.
Gale E. Klappa: Yeah. So there's a couple items. One, the bill credits that we're giving on an annual basis is going to be approximately $50 million in 2018 and 2019. Now, the other cash flow item is with the change in tax reform, we were going to be a cash taxpayer in 2019 and that moved up to 2018. So that's probably another I would say, $80 million to $100 million additional cash flow drag on the system that we have factored in into our FFO to debt metrics.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, I wouldn't just be happy to chat about that, I wouldn't necessarily separate out Q1 from any of the other type of progress that we've made because Q1 was a continuation of really the efforts that we've had underway since the acquisition of Integrys. So let me start first by saying the Integrys acquisition has allowed us to really streamline operations across our seven operating utilities. We now have six of the seven companies on the same billing platform. I mean, just to give you an example of now that we have most of our companies on the same customer information and billing system, we can optimize our call centers. We can reduce costs and improve quality. And that's just one example of thousands of examples of what the broader footprint and platform that we have now that we're the eighth largest natural gas distributor in America and one of the 13 largest publicly traded utility systems in the country, with 4.5 million customers. I mean, we just have tremendous opportunities that continue to surface related to driving efficiency and cost savings across the system. So we are – I mean there isn't any question about it. We are exceeding our initial projections on cost savings and efficiencies from the Integrys acquisition. But it is not one single thing. I mean it is every area where we're seeing gains and where our managers are really doing a good job driving efficiency. It's every single group, it's every single department, it's every single area of the company, and I'm looking at our new Executive Vice President and General Counsel, our Legal – no, I'm kidding.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, first of all, my understanding of this particular docket is that the Commission has 60 days from the receipt of the request to decide even whether to take up the issue. So we will make a response shortly to the request. But again, when you look at the request, it's really – I mean, we're being very consistent with the rate settlement and our promises in the rate settlement. I mean, we said, for example, multiple times during the process of the rate review last year that in order to maintain the financial integrity of the company and for these rates, we would have to cut about $115 million of costs out of the company. Well, the closure of Pleasant Prairie is just one of many initiatives. And I think that somehow as I mentioned, there may be some concern that oh, my goodness, we'll have some windfall but as you know, as part of the rate settlement, we're earnings capped so there will be no windfall here.
Gale E. Klappa: No, that would be simply just the O&M reduction from the closure of the plant. So in your terminology, would be gross savings.
Gale E. Klappa: The plan is to close Pulliam as soon as American Transmission Company completes the transmission upgrade in that area, which we're hoping will be in the fourth quarter of this year, but certainly by year end would be our plan. And then on Presque Isle, essentially the gating factor there is completion of the RICE units that we've talked about, these reciprocal internal combustion engines, and we would expect to be able to close Presque Isle by mid-to-late 2019.
Gale E. Klappa: All right. Well, I think that ladies and gentlemen wraps us up, concludes our conference call for today. Thank you again for participating. If you have any additional questions, feel free to contact Beth Straka and her direct line is 414-221-4639. Thanks, everybody. Bye-bye.
Scott J. Lauber: No, that's correct. It's 80% applied to those regulatory assets, largely the transmission asset at Wisconsin Electric, and what that'll do, is as you know, the balance of that account was going to be about $220 million at the end of 2019. Applying the benefits that the Commission did on tax reform here will lower it and then you put the benefits that we receive for tax reform for the American Transmission Company that balance at the end of two years will be about $40 million, so makes significant progress on reducing that balance.
Scott J. Lauber: So the 16% to 18%, it's going to move around a little in there, I would say 2018 because we are part year cash taxpayer, not a full year, we'll be at the top end of that 2018, maybe even squeak into close to 19%. Later on in the plan, it's in that 16%, it's right in the middle of the range I would say.
Scott J. Lauber: Early out in the plan here while we're not paying taxes, so that's why we're looking at other opportunities on the tax front, so we've a tax appetite to help.
Scott J. Lauber: Yeah, that is correct. So – but if you look at Wisconsin Electric, the electric customers, it's about $70 million that's going to go against the regulatory asset with about $10 million to $12 million going back as bill credits. And in Wisconsin Public Service, we'll have about $28 million going against the regulatory assets and about $5 million going back as bill credits. And then the rest of the system, as Gale said, all the gas is going to go back as bill credits. So in total, when you look at electric and gas together, it's about $50 million going as bill credits to our customers and about nearly $100 million going against the balance sheet.
Scott J. Lauber: And that's how we get from over $200 million down to $40 million, given that escrow balance for transmission.
Scott J. Lauber: Yeah. And we'll be a full cash taxpayer then. So we'll get the full benefits of the production tax credits, and we'll also since this is not considered utility property, it's outside the utility, we'll get 100% bonus depreciation also on those assets. And we look at it as if we're buying in the utility and what that regulated return would be around that 10% or 11%.
Scott J. Lauber: Right. So in addition, we're looking at our holding company debt and like Gale said over that five-year plan that holding company debt to total debt to be 30% or less. Now, if some great opportunities come earlier in the plan, that percentage may go up a little bit and then we'll work it back down like we have done in the past when there are opportunities exist. So we did Bluewater gas storage. Now we have this one. If there's other opportunities out there we can take advantage of and get a return without changing the profile, we'll be looking at that.
Scott J. Lauber: ...where we have our We Power assets, our Bluewater Holding, and then this will also be in the infrastructure segment.
Scott J. Lauber: No external equity. It'll all be funded internally. We do have the benefit of the production tax credits since we are a cash taxpayer starting at the end of 2018.
Dan Jenkins: So, Carol just stole some of my questions I was going to ask about the O&M, but earlier you mentioned the $100 million from shutting down Presque Isle and I guess, Pleasant Prairie I think.
Dan Jenkins: Oh, Pulliam, okay. So is that a gross savings or is that because you're going to have some additional costs from the new gas plant and et cetera? So is that the gross savings or the net savings or how should we...
Dan Jenkins: Right, right, right. But that's not the bottom line impact you'll see from those closures because they're like for example in Michigan, you'll have the new plant operating costs, which would be lower probably than the coal cost, but still...
