Allen Leverett: Hello everyone and thank you for joining us today as we review our results for the third quarter of the year. But first I want to introduce the members of our team who are with me here today. Scott Lauber, our Chief Financial Officer; Jim Schubilske, our Treasurer; Susan Martin, our General Counsel; Bill Guc, our Controller; Beth Straka, finally, our Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. So with that let's start with our third quarter 2016 results. We reported adjusted third quarter earnings of $0.69 per share, that compares with adjusted earnings of $0.58 per share in the third quarter of 2015. Our adjusted earnings exclude merger related costs. The weather here in Southeastern Wisconsin was the second warmest in 84 years. Scott will review the most significant drivers for the quarter with you in a moment.  In addition to our third quarter earnings we have two positive developments to share with you. First we reached an uncontested settlement with the Michigan Public Service Commission staff, the Michigan attorney general and other interveners to form a Michigan only utility. This utility will be named the Upper Michigan Energy Resources Company or UMERC for short. We expect UMERC will provide electric and natural gas service to current customers of Wisconsin Electric and Wisconsin Public Service in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan. At this point we believe UMERC will begin operations on January 1 of next year. The formation of UMERC is another step that is required to allow us to begin a certificate of necessity proceeding for our proposed generation solution in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan.  We are proposing a $255 million investment in 170 megawatts of natural gas fired generation. UMERC would own and operate the reciprocating internal combustion engines which would provide a long term generation solution for reliable and low cost power for customers in the upper peninsula, including the mines owned by Cliffs Resources.  Now we expect to file our proposal with the Michigan commission in November and we're targeting commercial operation in 2019. At that time or soon after we expect to be in a position to retire our coal fired Presque Isle power plant.  The second positive development relates to our earnings outlook. Based on the positive third quarter results largely driven by weather, we now expect our 2016 earnings to be at the upper end of our guidance range of $2.88 to $2.94. Now we only had one ongoing rate case this year. This was our Minnesota gas utilities rate case, very recently received a final decision from the Minnesota Commission authorizing a 9.11% return on equity. The revenue increase is approximately 3% or an estimated $6.8 million. And this is in line with our expectations for the case. Early next year we will evaluate our rate case plans for all of our utilities. Next, I want to mention a recent development at the FERC level which impacts our earnings at ATC. On September 28, FERC voted to affirm a prior ALJ recommendation of a 10.32% base ROE in the first MISO ROE complaint. Effective January 2015, we qualified for a 50 basis point adder for being a MISO member increasing our ROE to 10.82%. The resolution of this first complaint for the period from November of 2013 through February 11 of 2015 resulted in an increase in pretax earnings of approximately $1.4 million. Looking ahead we expect an order in the second quarter of 2017 in the second MISO complaint case where the ALJ recommended a base ROE of 9.7%. Again we qualify for the 50 basis point adder which would increase the recommended ROE to 10.2%. We believe this is an appropriate assumption going forward.  Now a reminder on our dividend. In January of this year our board declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.495 per share, an increase of 8.2% over the previous quarterly dividend. Our annual dividend rate stands at $1.98 a share and our yield is at approximately the industry average. We continue to target a payout ratio of 65% to 70% of earnings. Given that we are in this range now I expect our dividend growth will be in line with our earnings per share growth.  Finally I want to review our updated five year capital forecast. This plan now reflects a range of $9 billion to $9.5 billion which is $1.6 billion more than the plan we presented at EEI last November. This plan does not include a potential natural gas storage investment that we are continuing to pursue. I would also remind you that these figures do not include ATC’s capital spending plan.  In addition to the project outlined for you earlier we have continued to identify the need for infrastructure improvements, including our gas facilities in Chicago. We have included updated five year capital investment forecast charts in the back of the earnings package.  Now with details on our third quarter results and a financial outlook, here is our chief financial officer Scott Lauber. 
Allen Leverett: Thank you, Scott. Now before we take your questions I want to take a moment to thank Colleen Henderson for her 21 years of dedicated service to the company. Now it's been my pleasure to work with Colleen for thirteen of these twenty one years. Colleen will be retiring from the company in January. Colleen has been our primary contact with all of you as well as the other members of the investment community. She leaves a legacy of what I believe is one of the best investor relations programs in our industry. So please join me in wishing Colleen a long happy and healthy retirement. Operator we’re ready for the question and answer portion of our conference call. 
Allen Leverett: So let me start, Greg, on the fourth quarter earnings question and then I'll let Scott expand on a couple of points. So you touched on one of the issues which is the sharing mechanism at Wisconsin electric -- let's say sharing mechanism, the earning sharing mechanism at Wisconsin electric and Wisconsin gas and just keep in mind that's about 60% of our regulated utilities, so 60% of our earnings would be subject to that earning sharing mechanism. So we certainly expect that mechanism to kick in and there would be some sharing. In fact, we already accrued some sharing in the third. So that's the first factor that will impact, we expect it will impact the fourth quarter, you touched on that.  The other thing, Greg, that I would just emphasize and Scott talked about this a little bit in his remarks but remember the electric fuel recovering mechanisms that we have at Wisconsin electric and Wisconsin public service, they have a dead-band, so in dollar terms it's a plus or minus $15 million at Wisconsin electric. It's a plus or minus $6 million at Wisconsin public service. And so once you get above those positive recovery levels, all of the dollars go, dollar for dollar above that level back to refunds for customers. Unlike the third quarter of last year we actually went all the way to the top of those bands in the third quarter of this year. In the fourth quarter of last year we had to get well into the fourth quarter before we hit those -- before we hit those levels. So that also introduced another timing difference or earnings timing difference if you will in third quarter as opposed to fourth.  And the last thing is related to O&M spend. And what really happened, Greg, seems like every quarter we talk a lot about the weather but in the fourth quarter of 2015 that was a very mild weather quarter and as a result in order to hit the financial commitments we had, we actually had to cut back a bit on O&M spending. So I view the O&M spend run rate that we had in the fourth quarter of 2015 is being a little abnormal, meaning abnormally low. What I think we'll see in the fourth quarter this year is more of a normal run rate for the business the way it's configured now. So I think those three factors, the earning sharing mechanisms, hitting the top of the positive recovery bands on the fuel in the third quarter and finally that difference in O&M timing, I think all of those will impact the fourth quarter. I don't know Scott if you want to spend any time at all on the sharing mechanisms.
Allen Leverett: Well, in terms of the way the numbers break down, so overall if we look at our five year capital plan, it’s about $1.6 billion more than the plan that was laid out in November of 2015 at EEI. So you're exactly right, Greg, it would offset the billion -- roughly $1 billion tax impact to bonus depreciation, plus another say $550 million on top of that. So just to give you a sense for the types of things, Greg, that are in $1.6 billion. So we alluded to one of them in the call. So there is $255 million for the generation in Michigan. I certainly see that as a benefit to the customers in the UP and also a benefit to customers in Wisconsin because once we retire Presque Isle there will be about a $40 million O&M savings associated with retirement plan.  Also in the generation category we've made the assumption. We also expect that as soon as we can or we're allowed to by MISO we want to proceed to retire the Pulliam plant which is a coal plant at the Green Bay Area and that will leave a generation need in Wisconsin public service and we will have an option to invest. We have a generation option at the Riverside power plant that Alliant is building, that's about $100 million, so exercise on that first option.  On the electric distribution side, I think we've talked before about the system modernization reliability program in the Wisconsin public service territory. So we're going to finish the first phase and do a second phase that will be about $100 million. That's a very popular program, we've seen a quite significant reliability benefit for the distribution customers in Wisconsin public service.  On the gas distribution side, just to give you one example. I'm sure you and the other listeners on the call are very familiar with what's going on with FEMSA and the new rules that are coming on gas storage. We believe we’re going to require about a $50 million program at the Manlove storage field in Illinois to do well workovers and put in the subsurface safety valves. So that's another $50 million. And then just to give you a couple of other examples. A number of software projects that we believe are going result in O&M savings. So short cycle work management system in Illinois. We're also going to move the automated meters at our Michigan gas utility as well as our Minnesota gas utility. So as you can tell from that litany, I mean there is quite a number of things that are in that list. And I believe, our team believes that they'll all be beneficial to customers either from a cost standpoint or reliability or both. 
Allen Leverett: Well at this point, Steve, I would expect that the roughly $50 million for the storage field that we would do that under traditional regulation as opposed to using a rider mechanism.
Allen Leverett: Well I think in terms of the broad numbers you have them. So in terms of the capital forecast we've laid that out today. I think Scott and Beth and Colleen will be prepared to lay out -- give you further detail behind those numbers. But in terms of the broad numbers you have them, Jonathan. 
Allen Leverett: And I think if you take -- and I think it's important to mention this on the call that if you take the capital that I talked about for the retail utilities, plus the capital plan for ATC, we view that as being supportive of the 5% to 7% range level.
Allen Leverett: Let me let me maybe talk about that Michael in two pieces. So inside the footprint, when I say inside the footprint, that would be inside Wisconsin and the UP, Michigan. I mean you're right you're going to see or we expect to see somewhat of a deceleration or lowering in the spending at ATC. However if you look at the ten year numbers, the last cycle when they updated their ten year outlook, it was 3.7 to 4.5. This cycle is 3.6 to 4.4. So if you look over a ten year period, the ten year numbers aren't that different. But in terms of the annual averages those are -- I would expect they're going to come down somewhat, Michel, because they're very very large, very very significant reliability projects inside the footprint, a lot of those are done.  Now as perhaps the generation patterns change in the state because of clean power plan, perhaps you could see an uptick again but right now we expect it to come down somewhat. So that’s the inside the footprint. Outside the footprint, we're certainly pursuing other investments and we talked about on previous calls, we talked about that a little bit. So that's one of the reasons why a number of years ago because of what we saw coming with inside the plant, why we want to start pursuing something outside of Wisconsin and Michigan. 
Allen Leverett: Well I think from a practical standpoint and let’s just put the legalities aside, I think from a practical standpoint Michael, anything we do whether we would decide to file or not to file, we would want to reach agreement with the commission staff about that. So just putting legalities aside, I think whatever we do whichever one of those paths we go down, we would want to do that with the agreement of the staff. And then just to reiterate what I was saying earlier in the call we would start having those conversations early in the new year with the staff.
Allen Leverett: Well there were no refunds. What we did, Paul, just to be clear is we accrued under the sharing mechanism, we accrued $18 million pretax in the third quarter and then based upon the fourth quarter results you get to a final number, that 18 could increase, it could decrease, because the accounting period you look at for sharing with the calendar year. 
Allen Leverett: No, and let me just sort of clarify to make sure everybody understands. So I expect next year if you look at the system modernization program, this would be basically the replacement of the cast iron mains to meters what not, but that will be nearly $300 million of spending in 2017. And that will go going back to Steve Fleishman’s question, that $300 million will go through the QIP rider. In addition to that I expect that we're going to have to spend $50 million on the safety related things at the Manlove field. That $50 million, Paul, I think it spreads out over three or four years but they're spread out a few years but at this point I would not expect to put that $50 million to the QIP rider. 
Allen Leverett: Well just to be clear this is related to methane leaks on the gas distribution system in Chicago. And my understanding of the approach that the team uses there is prioritized projects, it already takes into account leak rates -- methane leak rates. So there's already the attempt built into that process, that variable if you will and trying to reduce methane leaks. So I would view that we're already trying to address that in a way we do the prioritization. Certainly if there's a better more precise way to factor that into the process, that's certainly something we can consider that it's already being considered in the current prioritization process. 
Allen Leverett: Yeah, not a lot of color but I could give you, Paul, and my understanding that this would be a study that the state government there would kick off and look at the feasibility of that and what would it cost et cetera but not any real color that I can get around that. 
Allen Leverett: Well I think as I look at the capital spending and in response to one of the previous questions, we certainly view that what we put on the table for retail CapEx in the retail utilities, what ATC has put on the table for the inside the footprint we all view that as being supportive of the earnings per share guidance range. The way I would answer your question, Andy, actually to kick ourselves in that range, we're going to need to be able to be successful with some of these transmission developments outside of the traditional footprint at ATC. So I think if I certainly saw a significant way, some successes outside the footprint at ATC, that would certainly give me some comfort to put your forecast above but still within that 5% to 7% range.
Allen Leverett: I think you should keep in mind, Andy, one of the areas -- remember we had this additional bonus depreciation was kind of in in the middle here, so that was a $1 billion cash tax impact. The other thing that perhaps people don't talk about quite as much, since we talked about a 5% to 7% earnings per share growth range we've seen allowed rates of return, most notably the allowed rate of returns FERC go down. So there's sort of then some puts and takes. Certainly there have been some increases in our projected level of capital spending, those are the puts and takes. We certainly had bonus appreciation and some reduction in allowed rate of return.
Allen Leverett: Yeah, and then so maybe sort of go back because a lot of people may not have the history with the Point Beach with the PPA and the sale of the asset, just and I'm sure you remember, Andy, but for the benefit of others, on the call, so back in -- actually December of 2006 we announced the sale of the plant and some associated PPAs with NextEra. We went through a very protracted contested case proceeding in Wisconsin leading up to the actual financial closing of the sale in 2007.  Now during that protracted prolonged contested case proceeding the commission approved not only the sale of the nuclear plant, the two units, so the both of the units but they also reviewed and approved the PPAs and there were refunds of the above book and the proceeds that we got above book for the plant as well as the excess nuclear decommissioning funds that were in the trust. So the PPA as well as the sale, all were reviewed in that proceeding. And then ever since then these PPP payments have been consistently recovered in the fuel costs. So I think all that background, all that context is important, and I think Scott, maybe you could fill in – I mean I don’t have if we have the specific numbers in terms of at least the next two years what happens with -- I don't have them handy. 
Allen Leverett: Well as we get to 2019, so the figures that Scott talked about, if you do it in a total rate, if you look at it in total rates, my recollection is, it’s about 1.25% somewhere in that range, 1.25% uplift on total rates.
Allen Leverett: Okay. Well thank you very much for your questions. That concludes our conference call for this afternoon. Certainly if you have any more questions please contact Beth Straka or Colleen Henderson 404-221-3592. Thank you.
Scott Lauber: Yes, we can just cover that just a little bit, so at Wisconsin electric and Wisconsin gas at the sharing mechanism and remember there is an authorizer allowed return in Wisconsin electric of about 10.2% ROE and then we share the first 50 basis points above that. So we can directly earn up to the 10.45 and then anything above that or the sharing part of that will be used to basically amortize some of the transmission assets that we have on our balance sheet, that was part of the acquisition order. So that part of the sharing mechanism that will happen as we look at the fourth quarter again and tie it all together.  As we look at the earnings in the fourth quarter last year, you factor in the interest expense that fell [$0.62] on a comparable basis and the fuel that Allen talked about, that’s about $0.03, so you get down to that $0.59 and the O&M getting back to a normal run rate, and maintenance is about $0.02 to $0.03. so it gets into that $0.57, $0.59 range.
Scott Lauber: Sure, the $0.08 in Wisconsin electric is really just looking at the margins itself and the fuel recovery, so there's about $0.03 positive fuel recoveries in the third quarter, that wasn’t really expected usually like Allen said was in the fourth quarter. In addition, the other $0.05 was the weather margin related in Wisconsin electric’s territory. The warm weather in Wisconsin was -- across the state but mainly that southeatern Wisconsin was about 50% warmer than normal, so quite an extreme warm weather over the quarter. 
Scott Lauber: Yeah we're pulling that together right now working with the operations and the president just to lay out the remaining five years of that plan. So we will have something at EEI.
Scott Lauber: Yeah, I mean there is some O&M sprinkled throughout so we are seeing O&M and all the other segments, Wisconsin, Illinois, the other states, and remember Allen talked about some of the sharing mechanisms and that we've booked a little bit in the quarter about $18 million, that is actually an acceleration of transmission cost, so that is buried in that O&M number. 
Scott Lauber: Yeah there's really not a refund. It's really just paying down of regulatory asset or reducing a future rate increase. So that was going to get cash back to customers, we will be able to reduce or not increase rates in the future related to it.
Scott Lauber: The other part is a variety of different items and like Allen said those items I mean it ranges from additional infrastructure work to the meters that are outside of the footprint, also some software in there. So that those there do not go through the rider. However we you have depreciation in an ongoing basis and that's really filling in some of that normal depreciation in the area. 
Scott Lauber: Yeah. So they increase slightly in ’17 and ’18 about 1% and that's a like ’19 or ’20 that we start going up at 6% rate. 
Scott Lauber: Correct. So the bonus appreciation is through 2019 and the new additional CapEx would qualify for the bonus.
Scott Lauber: Yeah. So when you look at $1 billion was with the original plan. I'm sure it's a couple hundred million more, will probably be a cash tax payer in like 2018. End of Q&A
Andy Levi: Because the $1.9 billion or plus year seems much higher than what it was when you originally came out with the growth rate. And then so by the time you got to like ‘19 or ‘20 it adds a couple cents, a couple cents, a couple cents every year.
Andy Levi: No, no, no, so I was just kind of doing some dumb math which I am really good at. And -- emphasizing the dumb part -- Go ahead.
Andy Levi: That should actually -- because that's actually I guess probably the only question I should have asked because that was more than I wanted to know. Okay. Well, thank you very much and I will see you guys in a week. Colleen, bon voyage, enjoy.
