Gale Klappa: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today, as we review our second quarter 2019 results. First as always, I'd like to introduce the members of our management team who are here with me today. We have Kevin Fletcher, President and CEO; Scott Lauber, our Chief Financial Officer; Bill Guc, Controller; Peggy Kelsey, Executive Vice President and General Counsel; and Beth Straka, Senior Vice President of Corporate Communications and Investor Relations. Now before we dive into our quarter, I'd like to take just a moment to acknowledge the tremendous effort of our field personnel and support staff in the wake of the most severe storms that hit Central and Northern Wisconsin in at least 20 years. On July 19 and 20, eight confirmed tornadoes wrecked havoc across the area, and literally tore apart portions of our system. Both Kevin and I want to thank Governor Evers and his staff, the National Guard and the local emergency management teams for their outstanding support and cooperation. This was a textbook example of the public and private sectors pulling together for the common good. And now, onto the quarter. Scott will discuss our financial results in detail in just a few minutes. As you saw from our news release this morning, we reported second quarter 2019 earnings of $0.74 a share. During the quarter, we continue to see the benefit of operating efficiencies across our system and the infrastructure investments we've made outside our traditional footprint also had a positive impact. These factors helped us to overcome an unusually cool start to summer in the Midwest. Turning now to our power generation portfolio in Wisconsin. As we look ahead, we've identified the need for additional capacity at We Energies, capacity that can deliver carbon-free energy. So, just last week we filed with the Wisconsin Public Service Commission for approval to invest in the Badger Hollow II solar park, which will be located in the Southwestern part of the state. As you may recall, we've already received approval for Wisconsin Public Service to invest in Badger Hollow I. We expect this next phase of development of Badger Hollow to expand our solar capacity by approximately 100 megawatts. This investment will support our effort to reduce CO2 emissions and maintain reliable affordable service for our customers. In the meantime, we continue to see a very healthy economy here in Wisconsin. The unemployment rate for June came in at 2.9%. In fact, Wisconsin's unemployment rate has stood at 3% or lower since July of last year. This marks the longest period on record in the state with unemployment at or below 3%. And based on data just released literally last week, more people are working in the Milwaukee region that at any time in history. Also, we see continued momentum with a wide range of economic development projects. In May for example, site and operational plans were approved for Haribo’s first North American plant. Haribo is moving forward here in Wisconsin and what will be one of America's largest confectionery plants. Groundbreaking is scheduled for Phase I of construction by spring 2020. At full build-out, the Haribo manufacturing campus can employ as many as 1,250 workers. So folks the gummy bears are coming Well, last quarter, I also mentioned that international healthcare firm Fresenius Kabi announced plans for a production facility in the region. Now Fresenius will be joined by another pharmaceutical company Nexus Pharmaceuticals. A few weeks ago, Nexus unveiled plans to develop a therapeutic drug manufacturing facility in multiple phases over the next 10 years. Nexus expects to invest $250 million in the project. First phase of commercial production is slated to begin in 2022. The decision by Nexus to invest here highlights our ongoing success in attracting companies that require skilled knowledge and production workers. And I know all of you are interested in an update on Foxconn. In June, Foxconn began pouring the footings and the concrete foundations for its Gen 6 LCD fabrication plant. Initial production is expected to begin late next year. Foxconn has also announced plans to diversify its Wisconsin output, potentially including servers, networking products and automotive controls, in addition to display panels for a range of industries, and a high capacity data center is being designed to support Foxconn's research activities as its campus expands in Wisconsin. This kind of growth in manufacturing in our region is spawning a very significant ripple effect, nearly $1 billion of additional private investment has already been announced in the vicinity of the Foxconn campus. And now, I'll turn it over to Kevin for some key details on our operations and an update on our regulatory calendar. Kevin, all yours.
Gale Klappa: Scott, thank you very much. Overall, we're on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders. And for those of you who would like to learn more about our environmental and social performance, I'll direct you to our latest corporate responsibility report available on our website, which we published just last month. Operator, we're ready now to open it up for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Gale Klappa: Well, Greg, first of all, should point out those are regulated investments. So that's different from the infrastructure segment that we talk about. So these basically the Badger Hollow investments, the Badger Hollow I just in the quarter, we got approval from the Wisconsin Public Service Commission to proceed with Badger Hollow I. That is capacity for Wisconsin Public Service in the Northern part of the state. And then as I mentioned on the call, we just filed a week ago for approval to invest in Badger Hollow II, which would be capacity for We Energies. In essence, the WPS, Wisconsin Public Service investment would be about $260 million because that also includes the Two Creeks Solar Farm in the northeastern part of the state. So about $260 million of solar investment for Wisconsin Public Service. Kevin, about $130 million of investment for We Energies.
Gale Klappa: Good. I'm just thrilled to both you and Greg are working on the same day. I mean this is a red letter day for us.
Gale Klappa: Okay. I'll tackle the first half. Will let Scott tackle the second half. First of all, yes, we continue to look at a range of projects for the Infrastructure segment. We are in heavy due diligence right now on a couple of projects. So we'll see where that turns, but again we're in heavy due diligence, kind of final stages of due diligence on a couple of projects right now. We do see continued opportunity there, and we're being incredibly selective because we can be. I mean, we're only going to pick what we think are the absolute cream of the crop. Right now, without any additional infrastructure investments, I expect some more to come, but without any Scott, we would be a partial tax cash payer. [indiscernible] next year.
Gale Klappa: Well, we always update at EEI. We will have a whole refresh of our five-year capital plan – spinning out another year, it will probably introduce that on our earnings call next time and then go into great detail with you and everyone else who is interested at the EEI session.
Gale Klappa: Well to answer the first part of your question, obviously, in the first quarter, Foxconn substantially reworked their Phase 1 development. Based on and they are going full bore now on Phase 1 construction. Kevin was telling me, he drove by there yesterday, and I mean it's, the construction is rocking on the Foxconn campus right now. So even though they've redone Phase 1 with the addition of a data center, which was not in their original Phase 1 plan, we don't see at the moment a lot of change in demand from Foxconn for Phase 1. So now that they are putting all the final designs in place for Phase 1, letting construction projects and letting construction contracts, we will be in a lot better position to talk with them about how we're going to meet their energy need. I think solar is still a possibility and we'll see where we go, but they really have not been in a position as they've redesigned Phase 1 to really talk about that kind of detail at this stage of the game. So our plan really didn't really identify specific solar project for Foxconn. So we would just see how – we'll see how all that shapes out. But I would expect by the end of this year, we'll have a much better feel for exactly how we're going to serve their need and I expect the Phase 1 needs still to be very significant [Audio Gap].
Gale Klappa: Okay. Sure. Well, first of all, we would very much like from a strategy standpoint to own more storage. Again, they take volatility out for our retail customers. These would strictly be storage for our retail gas customers. And Bluewater is a great example. Bluewater is actually delivering better customer savings than we even thought it would. So certainly we would be interested in procuring more gas storage, but it has to be gas storage that fits our need, it has to be gas storage that on which we can earn a predictable reasonable rate of return. But again overall, we would like to own more gas storage. We'd love to get up to 65% or 70% of our expected retail customer peak demand to be able to be supplied out of storage, but slower she goes and we continue to look at various opportunities. But right now the nearest term opportunities for us in that Infrastructure segment have really been in wind.
Gale Klappa: Well, a couple of things. First of all, I would say no debate at the PSC, and there is a reason for that. We came through the polar vortex event at the end of January. I mean it was tight, but we came through that event with incredible reliability for our customers. And Kevin and I are both very proud of that. That didn't happen in every Midwestern state. So the Commission asked for report every utility in Wisconsin on their performance during the polar vortex, and we got nothing but praise as I think we should have for the reliability that we delivered. However, whenever you have an event like that that distresses your system to the max. It shows you where weak points are and where you need additional capacity. One of the things I think Kevin will see as we update our five-year plan is the network particularly, our gas distribution network, particularly in the southeastern part of between Milwaukee and the State Line need some reinforcement.
Gale Klappa: And that's really important. I mean, if you think about Julien, the life and death situation of a day where it's minus 26 Fahrenheit with a minus 50 windchill this isn't something to fool around with. And I think one of the things I'm very pleased about is our Wisconsin Commission has always understood the need for reliability and they've always been very supportive of the kind of extensions and expansions that we show, we really need.
Gale Klappa: I think Kevin is correct. That is not – part of the reason for that is their original plan have the Gen10.6 LCD fabrication plant, which produces very large-sized panels, glass panels and that would require an organization like Corning to be on-site. With the Gen 6 plant, the one that they're now building and construction is underway as we mentioned, produces much smaller panels for a range of industries but much smaller in size and doesn't require an on-site plant like Corning would deliver.
Gale Klappa: Mike, it’s Gale. I'm sorry, to echo Scott's point, right now, the economy, we've looked at solar. In fact, we looked at the big solar opportunity six months ago or something like that for the infrastructure bucket. But when we compared the economics that project would have been available to us. When we looked at the economics, the wind projects that we're looking at for the Infrastructure segment actually had more enhanced returns.
Gale Klappa: Yes. In fact, just to put some numbers around it. Our original goal was a 40% reduction in CO2 by 2030. We've made tremendous progress and internally, Kevin and I think we're going to hit that goal by maybe 2023.
Gale Klappa: So we're ahead of target on the initial goal and then the longer-term goal is an 80% reduction by 2050. And we have a roadmap that's going to require some technology improvement to get to 80% by 2050, but we think we know how to do that and it would remain – and the Power the Future Plans remain operational.
Gale Klappa: I'll handle your – if you don't mind your second question first. And that's the traditional roll down that we see in years four and five or three, four and five in our five-year capital plan. And really I think the easiest, most honest answer to that is, we don't believe in giving you a five-year plan with a lot of white space in it. And clearly, our plans can change, demand can change, lots of stuff can change three, four and five years out. So we tend to show you in our five-year plan only what we really, really have mailed in terms of what we think is going to have to happen, particularly in the regulated side of the business over that five-year period. So I wouldn't put too much stock into the roll down. If you look back over the last – I guess I've been around here about 16 years. Scott's been here longer. If you look back at our five-year plans for over all those years, you'll probably see very much the same cadence. So I wouldn't put too much stock in that. Let me say this. We continue to project 5% to 7% earnings per share growth for the longer-term. And we believe we have a long runway of capital projects that will support that earnings growth.
Gale Klappa: Well, our historical approach has been to give you a new earnings per share range, so say in the beginning of 2020, we'll tell you what we think our earnings guidance is going to be in a pretty tight range for 2020 and then we will let you – we will show you what that is off 2019 earnings, but also will show you a growth rate of the midpoint of our original 2019 guidance.
Gale Klappa: We're chuckling because you probably heard me say this a gazillion times. I will say it again. The weather normalization techniques that are available to our industry are simply flawed. They're just not that accurate. And Scott mentioned during his prepared remarks, a huge – I mean a dramatic swing between in weather conditions, between Q2 of this year and Q2 of a year-ago. Scott, you just might want to repeat a couple of those stats.
Gale Klappa: In fact to Scott's point, our customer growth, both on the electric and gas side of our businesses, it's actually a bit stronger in the first half of this year than it was even in the first half of last year. One other thought and actually Kevin and Scott and I were talking about this earlier today. When you look at particularly weather normalization for gas delivery, Q2 is just problematic to begin with because the volumes of gas deliveries are generally so low given that it's spring time and there's not a lot of heat required. I think we have to be very careful about putting too much stock in one quarter's weather normalization. Now longer-term and you asked a very good question. Longer-term, we have projected a bit of an uptick, particularly in electric demand in the 2021, 2022 timeframe and we're still quite confident of that because of all of these economic development projects that I mentioned earlier and more that I didn't have a chance to mention. I mean we have a very robust pipeline of industrial economic development and expansion projects that are coming on stream largely Scott in that 2021, 2022 timeframe.
Gale Klappa: Amazon is going to use even more robots in their brand new facility and that requires more electricity, Praful.
Gale Klappa: And 52% equity ratio is very consistent with the last decision made for a major Wisconsin utility by the Wisconsin Commission, so nothing out of the ordinary here.
Gale Klappa: I don't think you can look at that in isolation. You've got to look at that – you've got to look at the revenue decision. You've got to look at the return on equity. So it's like Ragu, it's all in there. So I wouldn't try to isolate that and come to just that one item and come to a conclusion, Scott.
Gale Klappa: Vedula, we're expecting in terms of the impact of the tax credits from our infrastructure investments. We're expecting about $0.02 a quarter of earnings. And that's exactly what we delivered this quarter.
Gale Klappa: And again, because the use of the tax repairs during this year is to get that transmission escrow balance down to zero. Once it's down to zero, and as Scott said it gets reset or rates that are effective January 2020.
Gale Klappa: All right. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our conference call for today. Thanks so much for participating. It's always good to be with you. If you have any other questions, feel free to contact Beth Straka, her direct line 414-221-4639. So long everybody.
Kevin Fletcher: Thank you, Gale. I'd like to start by reviewing where we stand in Wisconsin. As Gale mentioned, on July 19, more than 290,000 customers in our Wisconsin service area were impacted as winds in excess of 80 miles per hour caused extensive damage to our network. Despite very difficult conditions, we were able to restore service to nearly all customers within a week. We also appreciate the patience and support of our customers in the wake of this historic weather event. Now I'll fill in a few details on the solar investment Gale mentioned. Just last week, on August 1, We Energies partnered with Madison Gas and Electric in filing for approval to purchase an additional 150 megawatts of solar capacity at Badger Hollow. We Energies would own 100 megawatts of the solar park with an estimated investment of $130 million. Subject to approval by the Wisconsin Commission, we expect the second phase of development at Badger Hollow to be completed by the end of 2021. Now an update on the rate review process. You may recall, on March 28, we filed a proposal with the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin to set customer rates for our Wisconsin utilities. The request follows a four-year freeze of base rates, a freeze that has resulted in lower customer bills, while maintaining world-class reliability. After applying savings from tax reform, we have filed for an increase in a typical We Energies monthly electric bill of approximately 2.9% in 2020, and an additional 2.9% in 2021. There are three primary cost drivers for our proposed We Energies electric increases. Number one, higher transmission charges. Remember the amounts collected in rates have been capped since 2010. Number 2, revenue the Commission assumed We Energies would receive from the Midwest grid operator that was not received. And number 3, increased cost associated with the agreement to purchase energy from the Point Beach nuclear plant. This agreement was approved by the Commission in 2007, when we sold Point Beach and credited customers a total of $670 million. Of course, there will also be discussion during the case about the recovery of the remaining investment balance at the Pleasant Prairie Power Plant, which we retired last year. Moving to Wisconsin Public Service, our rate proposal includes our investment in the Forward Wind Energy Center and the two Wisconsin solar facilities. It also includes ongoing modernization of our electric system to improve reliability in Northeastern Wisconsin. With the tax savings and other credits applied, the typical Wisconsin Public Service Electric bill would increase by approximately 4.9% in 2020, and an additional 4.9% in 2021. Even with these increases, typical bills by Wisconsin Public Service customers would remain well below the current state and national averages. To support our strong balance sheet, we are seeking a slightly higher equity component in these rate reviews consistent with recent decisions made by Wisconsin Commission. We received a procedural schedule on the Commission on June 10. The first key date in the process is August 23, when Commission staff and intervenors will file their direct testimony. We expect a Commission decision in the fourth quarter for new rates effective January 1, 2020. Turning now to Illinois, the Peoples Gas System Modernization Program is progressing well. We just retired Chicago's oldest natural gas main, a cast iron pipe that was placed into service in 1859, before the Civil War. This long-term effort to provide Chicago with a safe modern natural gas delivery network is approximately 26% complete. On a final note, others are recognizing our focus on safety and reliability at Peoples Gas. Escalent, an analytics firm recently surveyed more than 50,000 residential customers across the country about their energy companies. Through this survey, Peoples Gas was ranked among the top 10 most trusted natural gas utility brands in the nation, and number one in the Midwest. With that, I'll turn it back to Gale.
Kevin Fletcher: That's correct, Gale. As you said, the Badger Hollow and the Two Creeks were both for Wisconsin Public Service.
Kevin Fletcher: You said exactly correct, Gale. As you look at Foxconn, all the developments that we've talked about from an economic development perspective, and that's part of the state. We had already identified the need for additional gas capacity there. But with the polar vortex it showed us that the need that we had identified was certainly one that's something that we need to address very quickly, and we do have proposals before the Commission now for us to strengthen that particular gas infrastructure.
Scott Lauber: Yes. And I think the third item, as sales were down a little bit. We saw the benefit in fuel by a $0.02 that came in a little bit better that offset. Remember the quarter was about $0.03 down compared to normal between the fuel and the O&M and infrastructure that all contributed to us getting above our original guidance.
Scott Lauber: Yes, so in 2020 and then anything additional would help us continue to take advantage of our cash position at the end of 2020 and 2021.
Scott Lauber: Yes. When we look at the infrastructure investments right now, the ones that are readily available that we are looking at is in the wind side of the business. Not that we would look at solar, but the opportunities we're seeing is more in the wind. And the solar that we talked about in the call, that's all in the utility, and we are working to get all the tax benefits there.
Scott Lauber: We are right on target with that. So we are through the second quarter, I mean the first quarter is a little bit higher O&M, the second quarter is a little lower, but we're right on pace to get that 3% to 4% out and all these plant closings are factored into our Wisconsin rate filings, which is part of the reason we were able to sale for so many years.
Scott Lauber: Yes. So we are looking at for the month of June, it was the 10th coolest this last June in the last 70 years, and then 60% cooler compared to normal in the quarter. And the other thing that made it really challenging in Wisconsin here, it was extremely wet. So whenever you had a day that would get even above normal temperatures, it was cool. But even if you had a normal temperature, the next day you would expect the load to be there. It would rain and actually cool everything off. So it's really hard to normalize when you have intermediate rains during the month and I think this is one of the wettest Junes we had on record. So that made it very challenging, but we are very happy when you still look at our customer growth. We're seeing about 0.7% growth in new customers or overall customer count year-over-year and both the gas a little bit higher in the electric and a little bit higher on the gas, so still seeing a good customer growth come through.
Scott Lauber: Yes, exactly right, Gale. And we just took a look at it as we are preparing specifically in those outer years and just coming on our hands, we found about 14 projects that were significant size that's going to get us to the growth we projected when we were at EEI last fall. So we'll be continuing to review our forecast but feel very good where we're at.
Scott Lauber: Yes. So what we looked at the equity ratio on – and it's a little bit different at all the companies, but basically the equity ratio was about it. Wisconsin, our We Energies is the largest subsidiary at 51% and we're moving that in the rate case to 52%, which when you look at our numbers and the effects of tax reform, it really, really helps with the cash flow and the benefits there. When we looked at our – in our guidance, we assuming what our current rates are, we will put our long five year plan together at the 51 an attempt to Wisconsin Electric and there's a lot of stuff that will go through the rate case, but we really looked at that 52% is not only more beneficial actually to the cash flow and the benefits we've been taking all the credit ratings at the utilities.
Scott Lauber: No, I agree. There's a lot of factors. We always look at it with ROE and equity percentage in combination. So we get through the rate case that then we'll look at where we are by most likely, the first quarter of next year for our guidance.
Scott Lauber: No, I think when you look at the effective tax rate, you have to take out the tax repairs, and put it closer to that 20% and 21%. Tax repairs are really unique for our Company in 2018 and 2019. So we haven't come out with the range and the production tax credits will of course – will help us, but that 20% to 21% is a good reasonable number.
Scott Lauber: It is accounted for – in our growth projections, but it all gets some reset in this rate case here, because it's really a unique Wisconsin item that kept reduce that transmission balance to zero now by the end of the year. So those unique tax repair items will all get we said in this rate case to get back to that 20% to 21%.
