Gale E. Klappa: Scott, thank you very much. We're on track and, as always, focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders. And operator, I believe we're ready for the Q&A portion of the call.
Gale E. Klappa: Well, I can tell you that we have a generation restructuring plan under review, and we'll be able to provide you with a lot more detail when we roll out our five-year capital forecast at EEI.
Gale E. Klappa: Okay. Sure. Well, I'll frame the answer for you and will let Scott provide some additional detail. But in terms of the – and the team has done a great job on O&M reduction, much of the O&M reduction that we're seeing here is from efficiency gains, not just one-time cost controls. And a lot of what we're seeing is really enabled by the fact that at the end of June of 2015 we acquired Integrys and we're ahead of plan clearly in terms of cost savings resulting from the acquisition. Most all of the cost savings that we've seen so far through the first nine months of this year, Scott, are really from our Wisconsin operations.
Gale E. Klappa: And we're seeing – Scott is exactly right. I think you're going to continue to see efficiency gains and cost reductions going forward. A lot of it, I think, is going to come from the generation side of our business and we'll talk a lot more about that as we roll out the new five-year capital plan. But we see continuing good opportunity, really strong opportunity for ongoing cost reduction, Julien.
Gale E. Klappa: So rather than an O&M expense that flows through fuel, basically, we've converted that or will convert that upon closing, as Scott said, to an earning assets that will actually reduce cost for customers.
Gale E. Klappa: About that life coach stuff I was offering you, now that I'm sitting in for Allen, be happy to try to guide you, because I know you probably got a little off-track in the last year or so.
Gale E. Klappa: Dan, we thought, first of all, you might buy up all the non-deductible stuff. No, that's not true. Let me say this, that the whole picture related to interest deductibility, bonus depreciation, the whole picture is pretty murky right now. I mean, we've obviously had some very good discussions with the tax writing people in the House. Of course, Paul Ryan is very involved in the crafting of the legislation. But it is just way too early to think about a pre-funding or think about any change in our plan. We're going to have to see, first of all, whether tax reform actually gets completed and then what the real details are. And there's some thought that there might be an optional election on interest deductibility with a trade-off on another tax deduction item. We just have to see. At this point, I think anything that – I mean we're obviously looking at the landscape, but anything that I might tell you would be pure speculation until we really understand the details, I understand the House passed a budget today which raises the percentage possibility that tax reform will actually take place. But we're just going to have to see the details and then we'll figure out where to go.
Gale E. Klappa: We'll be happy to do that. And I'll ask Scott to chime in as well. Let me just say this – and you've heard me say this before. On a very short-term basis, I'm quite skeptical of our ability to weather normalize accurately. And you are correct, industrial demand should be less weather sensitive than any other group of customers, but there's still some weather sensitivity. So, I think we need to look over a much longer period of time than just one quarter versus a comparison to another quarter where it was 43% warmer than normal. So, I wouldn't be overly-concerned, one way or another, about one quarter's results. But we are seeing some, what Scott calls, green shoots in three or four specific industry sectors and we'll let Scott tell you about those.
Gale E. Klappa: All right. Thank you very much. That concludes our conference call for today. We really appreciate you participating. If you have any additional questions, feel free to contact Beth Straka. Her direct line, 414-221-4639. Again, thank you very much, everyone. Take care.
Scott J. Lauber: It's actually been Wisconsin was mainly in this third quarter, but across all the enterprise; Illinois, Wisconsin and Minnesota and Michigan, all the utilities contributed. Each one of our operations managers and vice presidents have plans in place to continue to take costs out of the business. So, we continue to see even next year taking additional cost out in future years.
Scott J. Lauber: And then the second part of the question was talking about our new investment in the wind farm and those – that Forward Wind investment, we already have those costs are included in rates. So, it's already part of a purchase power agreement and we're just converting it to an asset-earning investment versus a purchase power agreement.
Scott J. Lauber: Yeah. That's a good question, Michael. And when we look at it, we're looking at it in a couple of metrics, we look at our holding company debt as a percent of total debt, keeping it under 30%, but remember that's funding the equity, that's making good utility return investments. So we're looking at that. And we look at our FFO to debt at that 16 to 19 range, and looking at our plans and the plan we talk about at EEI, we'll roll it out, we're going to be comfortable in those ranges with no additional shares being issued.
Scott J. Lauber: Yeah. So – exactly, Gale. So, as we mentioned before, we track this information on a daily and quarterly basis, looking at this. And we're starting to see a couple areas of some growth. We have basically four sectors; the food and food products sector, the paper products area, actually rubber and plastics, and another sector that just kind of showed up this quarter is fabricating metal. So encouraged by what we're starting to see in these individual sectors and hopefully that growth continues as we move forward here.
Scott J. Lauber: Yeah. That is correct. We're still just being very conservative to make sure that we have the appropriate efficiency gains to be able to do our capital investments, but there's potential upside here.
