Gale Klappa: Pat, thank you very much. Overall, we're on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.
Gale Klappa: No, not at all, Mike. Good question. Really the entire election has turned on jobs. And on the Governor's track record in terms of job creation and elimination of budget deficits, et cetera, so there has been actually, I haven't heard a single word in any of the campaign material or any of the debates about the potential sale of state-owned power plants, nothing.
Gale Klappa: Well, I'll let Pat give his view as well. When you look at the O&M savings quarter-on-quarter, there were two or three things that really stand out. First of all, we had some very positive results from pension expense and healthcare costs. On healthcare costs, this is the first year, you may have heard us mention this before, this is the first year that all of our employees have moved to a high deductible healthcare plan. So we'll see, but we may see some rebound in healthcare expenses in Q4. On pension cost, I think Pat's view is for 2014, that should be a pretty well a permanent-type savings. Then the third piece in terms of the better performance on O&M, the strong performance on O&M in the quarter, is we did see some operating cost savings from our maintenance on our distribution network, simply because our networks really weren't stressed, given the cool summer.
Gale Klappa: Absolutely. In fact, really for the near-term and even in the medium-term, I would see really no change at the Commission. Chairman Montgomery, I believe has five years left on his six-year term; Commissioner Nowak has a very long period left on her six-year term; Commissioner Callisto, who is the prior Governor's appointee, his term expires in March of 2015. Of course, that seat would be appointed one way or another by the new Governor. But in terms of the two Governor Walker appointees on the Commission, they have very long periods left in their term. So I would really see no change in philosophy or approach of the Commission, regardless of which candidate wins. I will say everybody has been waiting with bated breath here for the latest poll. The polling firm that has been doing regular -- Marquette University, doing regular polling on the Governor's race and was actually the most accurate polling result from the Governor's recall race, a couple of years ago, literally just released the final poll before the election, about 15 minutes ago. And I'm told it shows Governor Walker up 50 to 43 among likely voters. So that would be a very big swing. It showed a tie just two weeks ago.
Gale Klappa: Probably three things going on. Certainly lower O&M due to less stress on the network was a factor. Truth of the matter is even though it's not a big gas quarter -- or not a big quarter for gas sales, our natural gas distribution sales came in better than expected, that was a help; medical expenses better than expected; and then September weather, while it was still cooler than normal was much closer to normal than July and August, and all those factors combined together to bring in numbers that were better than our own expectations.
Gale Klappa: Really no significant update from what we provided to you in the past. Everybody has been focused on the election. And as I've mentioned before, if Governor Walker wins the election, I suspect there will be some movement by the state since they've already hired a financial advisor to advice them on state asset sales. I would expect you would see some movement in 2015, if Mary Burke, the Democratic candidate wins. We are really uncertain as to whether she would pursue any sale of state assets.
Gale Klappa: Well, let me frame it a little bit, then I'm going to ask Allen to give you his view as well, since Allen has been deeply involved in all of this, as have I. I think first, it's important to realize that the real concerns from the Michigan Governor's office and the Michigan Attorney General's office, the best we can tell and in our discussions with them, their real concerns are what I mentioned earlier. They are concerned about the future energy supply in the UP. It's a difficult situation up there as you know given customer choice, given the fact that the Presque Isle units need environmental control upgrades. And then there are lot of moving pieces, but I think that it's becoming clear that a very significant part of the longer term solution is new generation. And we have expressed a willingness to be an investor. Now clearly, if new generation is built that would mean less transmission will have be built; whether or not new generation alone would be sufficient to eliminate transmission upgrades, that's still to be decided. But clearly, an important part of the equation I think, Allen, is new generation.
Gale Klappa: No. At the moment, there's lots of discussions going on and lot of ideas on the table, and a lot of cooperation among the parties and that's really about all I can tell you at this point.
Gale Klappa: My guess is, and I'm simply guessing, because again a number of parties are at the table, lot of discussions going on. My guess is the most definitive statements will come either yearend or shortly thereafter.
Gale Klappa: No. That's exactly it. We suspect that many people would have met their deductible by Q4. And therefore we might see slightly higher medical cost expenses in Q4 than when we were under a more traditional healthcare plan.
Gale Klappa: We had closer to normal weather in September. July and August were 18 standard deviations off the norm, and I am only slightly exaggerating. But we had basically assumed in our guidance, we would have an abnormally cool summer for all three months of the quarter. July and August certainly met our expectations for coolness. September, while below normal, was closer to normal.
Gale Klappa: All right. Well, ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our conference call for today. Thank you again for participating. If you have any other questions, Colleen Henderson will be available in our Investor Relations office. And that direct line is 414-221-2592. Thanks, again, everyone.
Allen Leverett: Yes. I think, Paul, I guess your question also goes to, if I understand it, with the magnitude of transmission required would be less if you had additional generation in the UP. And I think our view would be that, yes, if you had generation up there, you'd certainly need less in the way of transmission upgrades. But I would emphasize less as opposed to actually being able to eliminate the need for any transmission upgrades. So it's not something I could quantify for you today, but I would say you sort of have two options. One is a pure transmission solution, which we don't think is a good option. The other is really a generation solution coupled with a greatly reduced amount of transmission, but I don't see an option, Paul, where there is no additional transmission investment at all.
Allen Leverett: Yes. And I would say, Michael, in terms of amount of capacity, my view would be the amount of capacity required will be somewhere between 250 megawatts and 350 megawatts. But given the nature of the situation there, you'd have to configure that in a way, I mean for example, if there were combined-cycle, you'd probably want more than two trains, you'd probably want three trains, so that multiple CTs, multiple heat recovery steam generators, so that should be able to maintain them in a fashion that allows you to maintain the reliability in the UP. But my guess on range of capacity is in that 250 to 350 range.
Allen Leverett: No, not really. MISO continues with their current process. They have all the different appendices. I think they go from A to B, in terms of the way that they look at the projects and they evaluate the projects. So there is really no update, Michael, I'm sorry, that I could offer.
Allen Leverett: Yes. But I guess on the independence point, Charles, at this point there is only one transmission company that FERC deems being capital I, independent, and that's ITC. So at this point they don't deem it to be independent anyway. So the fact that you have this merger is not going to change anything about that. But I do think, Charles, and I'm glad you asked a follow-up question, because I think a distinction here is very, very important. ATC is a member of MISO. And as such, they transfer control over their transmission facilities to MISO. So look, as a consequence, regardless of what entities are deemed to control ATC, ATC's transmission facilities are going to be under the control of MISO and nothing about the merger is going to change that fact. And the FERC has held on a number of occasions, at least three, that I am aware of that mergers of utilities that even own directly transmission facilities that are under the control of an RTO, don't raise any vertical market power concerns. :
