Kevin Fletcher: Thank you, Gale. First, I'd like to share some good news. Our largest subsidiary, We Energies was named the most reliable electric utility in the Midwest for the ninth year running. Wisconsin Public Service also was recognized for the first time for outstanding reliability performance. Now, I'll briefly review where we stand in our four state jurisdictions. As you’ll recall, in March of last year, we filed a proposal with the Public Service Commission of Wisconsin to set customer rates for We Energies and Wisconsin Public Service. And in August, we entered into settlement agreements with the Citizens Utility Board of Wisconsin, the Wisconsin Industrial Energy Group and Clean Wisconsin. On December the 19th, the Commission issued its written order of firming those settlement agreements and setting rates for the next two years. New rates went into effect on January the 1st. During 2019, we also continued to make progress in developing solar generation for our regulated businesses in Wisconsin. You may recall that in Wisconsin we're planning a total of 300 megawatts of utility scale solar capacity, the first facilities of this size in the state. We’ve broken ground on two solar projects for Wisconsin Public Service, Two Creeks and Badger Hollow launch. Our share will total 200 megawatts for an expected investment of approximately $260 million. Both projects are scheduled to begin producing energy by the end of this year. And this past August, at We Energies we filed with the Wisconsin Commission for approval to acquire 100 megawatts of capacity at the Badger Hollow II Solar Farm. The projected investment would be $130 million. We expect to receive the Commission's decision this spring. We also see efficient natural gas storage, another important part of our regulated business strategy. In particular Wisconsin needs more natural gas peaking capacity at the highest demand times on the coldest days. We're continuing to evaluate site plans for two liquefied natural gas facilities to help to meet our customers’ needs during the winter peak. We expect to invest approximately $370 million in these projects. If approved by the Wisconsin Commission, construction is expected to begin in the summer of 2021. Turning to Illinois, we continue making progress on the Peoples Gas System Modernization Program. This program is critical to providing our Chicago customers with a natural gas delivery network that is modern, safe and reliable. We're approximately 28% complete with our replacement of outdated, corroded natural gas piping, some of which was installed more than a century ago. We continue to project an investment of $280 million to $300 million per year on average in this program. Now, let's turn to Michigan. In 2019, we completed our new natural gas-fired power plants in Michigan's Upper Peninsula on time and on budget. These plants are now providing a cost-effective, long-term power supply for our customers in the Upper Peninsula. With these new units operating, we were able to retire our older, less efficient coal-fired plant at Presque Isle. This resulted in significant operations and maintenance savings and reduced CO2 emissions. Taking a broader look across our business, we continue to focus on operating efficiency and financial discipline. As a whole, we exceeded our 2019 goal to reduce our day-to-day operation and maintenance costs. Our goal was a reduction of 4% and we actually achieved a 7% reduction. We have set a goal to further reduce our O&M by an incremental 2% to 3% in 2020 as well. And with that, I'll turn it back to Gale.
Kevin Fletcher: You already mentioned the ERP. If you look at common platforms across our system in the fourth quarter of this year, we will complete our customer information system to have that across all of our companies. We have already seen even this past year some savings from what we had in place already. But in addition to that, through last year and focusing on the future, just looking at process improvement, so as we look across like the jurisdictions, do benchmarking, we're looking at common standards and where it makes sense, so to have a proactive and the similar approaches across our system. That has produced some positive results for us on our O&M reduction, and it will continue to. 
Kevin Fletcher: Gale, I'd agree, we just mentioned a couple of things that we're doing, but let me add one more on the customer service side, though, we have and are investing in our AMI infrastructure and we've seen savings from having that in place to reduce the rolls of truck that will continue. And we'll see those opportunities ahead in the upcoming years. Also leveraging technology like mobile apps as an example, as we get that out into our customers we will be able to have more interaction with our customers and give them opportunities to pay their bills online, minimize paper billing, things of that nature. So I would agree that sustainability of that is built into a lot of what we're doing on customer service side, especially with the things that I just mentioned.
Kevin Fletcher: Given the tax rules as Scott said, it’s highly unlikely that we will ever in a sustained period of time get to absolute zero. So when we say modest taxpayer, for example, I think Scott mentioned $15 million to $20 million this year. So I hope that puts things in context for you.
Kevin Fletcher: Exactly Gale, and we're recording a 10.38, remember that long-term plan, we were assuming 10.2. So, 10.38 is a little north of that.
Kevin Fletcher: Our policy is to pay out in a range of 65% to 70% of earnings. So a dividend payout ratio that is 65% to 70% of earnings. As I mentioned earlier, we right smacked that in the middle of that range right now. So we would project that dividend growth would be in-line with the growth in earnings per share.
Kevin Fletcher: Gale, I think you summed it up very well. The other thing that I just will add is as technology continues to evolve on the gas side we'll continue to be in a part of that and looking at it. But I think you summarized our position and our philosophy very well.
Gale Klappa: Scott, thank you very much. Overall, we're continuing to perform at a high level, on track and focused on delivering value for our customers and our stockholders.  Operator, we're ready now to open it up for the question-and-answer portion of the call.
Gale Klappa: Well, Shahriar, we will be happy to answer those questions. First, I would view our announcement this week on Blooming Grove, basically an acceleration of a five year plan. If you kind of looked at what we've accomplished so far with what we believe are very high quality projects, we're almost -- we're about 38% already in terms of the projects that we've agreed to acquire, right about 38% of the spending we projected at our five year plan. But I would view it as an acceleration and I will tell you why. Our five year plan, which projected about $1.8 billion in this particular segment of capital spending essentially was a happy marriage of the high quality projects that we saw, that we really had a strong interest in, coupled with our ability to utilize all of the tax benefits. If you put all that together, it kind of shook out at $1.8 billion. So Scott, I would view this as an acceleration.
Gale Klappa: And Shahriar remember, this particular wind farm doesn't come into service until the very end of 2020. 
Gale Klappa: No, I wouldn't do any read-through on that. That is still something that we're analyzing, still something we're taking a look at. As we continue to review our demand forecasts, our needs, the impact of renewables, but that is still something that's on the tables Shahriar.
Gale Klappa: My own sense is, I would look at any additional appointments of the Commission largely as business as usual. But I will say, and remind everyone that the Governor has appointed a climate task force. He has announced a aspirational goal late last year to basically have carbon-free electricity by 2050. In this task force in which our company is represented, had its actual first meeting just a week or so ago. So, during this year, I think you will see some policy recommendations related to decarbonization coming out of this task force. In many ways the Public Service Commission would in all probability need to implement some of those policy changes that they were adopted. But the policy shift that I would see coming, if there is one, would really come through the Governor's task force on climate change, if that makes sense to you.
Gale Klappa: Would be happy to. Let me frame all of this for you and then we're going to let Scott and Kevin weigh in on some of details. But we did have an exceptional quarter in terms of continued efficiencies across the business and there are a couple of factors that I think are important here. The first is that, during 2019, we saw essentially pretty much a full-year benefit of the implementation of our ERP system across the entire enterprise. So, that was helpful. And we're continuing -- as people get used to that new system, we're continuing to see efficiencies and benefits that we thought we would. And then compared to Q4 of a year ago, compared to Q4 of 2018 for example, there were there were significant O&M savings related to the closer of coal fired power plants. Remember in -- we've basically over the last several months, in year and a half or so, we've retired three old or less efficient coal fired power plants, units at Presque Isle, up in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan where the latest to be retired in the spring of 2019. We have the Pulliam plant near Green Bay retired and we had Pleasant Prairie retired. So we're seeing -- in the fourth quarter we saw O&M benefits flow through from no longer having to incur O&M for the operation of those plants.  Then we had some of our technology investments continue to kick in. And as Kevin said, we're projecting additional O&M savings that we think we're going to gain here. And we're on track to gain in 2020. So Scott, Kevin, anything you’d like to add. 
Gale Klappa: And we're doing that Greg, which I'm very pleased about and I thought we would be able to. We're doing that while increasing customer satisfaction. So that's one of the reasons I mentioned earlier in my remarks. As we tracked our operational and financial performance, we had a record year across virtually every meaningful measure of performance. 
Gale Klappa: Well, I'll take a stab at that, certainly Scott can add anything he would like to and Kevin as well. But let me say this, we believe and I think our track record demonstrates that the kind of cost savings that you saw, that we continue to believe we're going to continue on a downward path, those are very sustainable. We wouldn't be publicly committing to them if we didn't think we could absolutely sustain them. So again, we took 7% of the day-to-day O&M out of the business in 2019, 2% to 3% projected reduction in 2020. And again, we're doing this I think in a very highly planned and deliberate way. And a good chunk of it is coming really from two areas. One we mentioned before that we're getting the full benefit of now, and that's the O&M takeout from the closure of less efficient coal-fired power plants. The other is the investment in technology. So my view guys would be highly sustainable. 
Gale Klappa: Well, we appreciate that. Let me say this, historically, as you know, in Wisconsin, the Commission has liked and has really requested in every two year cadence for rate reviews. But that's not to say that set in concrete. We'll take a look at it as we go forward and see where we are, see where the Commission’s sentiment is, et cetera. But long story short, we feel very good about our ability to execute. And again, do so in a way that maintains high reliability and high levels of customer satisfaction.
Gale Klappa: We're assuming as we have in the past that we earn the allowed rates of return in each one of our retail jurisdictions.
Gale Klappa: Yes. Happy to, Michael. First of all, the uptick that we continue to project -- and it’s a pretty slight uptick, the uptick that we're projecting in the 2022, 2023 timeframe is really driven by the amazing economic development projects that I talked about a little earlier in our remarks. We have not seen any slowdown in terms of the number of economic development projects, the amount of new construction, just the continuing economic growth or the pipeline of projects that are being announced here in Southeastern Wisconsin in particular. So, we still feel pretty confident about the uptick in the longer-term. The shorter-term meaning for 2020, is really driven by like for example, the large industrial segment. It's really driven by the interviews that our people have with our key account customers and feedback into our projections. It's also driven a bit by weather normalization. Remember, we had two warmer-than-normal summers back-to-back. So you look at weather normalization, you look at conservation, you look at real-time feedback from our major industrial customers and you put it all together and it's like it's in there, that's what comes out. So, in total, a very modest decline, I believe Scott one-half of 1% is what we're projecting on retail absent the mines.
Gale Klappa: And we are still projecting -- even with the modest 0.5% decline, we're still projecting 6% to 7% EPS growth.
Gale Klappa: At the moment, again, we will continue to look at this. But at the moment, I would view this as an acceleration and the $1.8 billion for the 5 years is still what we're looking at.
Gale Klappa: Well, when you still look and you work everything in, we would still be a small taxpayer getting into that, being in that frame of time if we execute on all these capital projects, largely because of some of the tax rules that are out there, you still have to be a minimal taxpayer for some of the reasons. But we need to execute on all these capital projects to get to that level.
Gale Klappa: We’ll let Scott answer that. We do have an internal an internal cap on where we want to go or where we don't want to go with holdco credit -- holdco debt. 
Gale Klappa: Yes, we do. At the moment, I would say that our internal plan would hold that segment of our business down to about 10% of our earnings.
Gale Klappa: It's the happy marriage between the quality projects that we see in the pipeline that we are very interested in, and our tax appetite. If you put it all together and the $1.8 billion shakes out to something that we can -- we think we can both add quality projects to achieve and maximize our tax position.
Gale Klappa: No, I mean certainly we would be open to something like that in the future if the economics worked out. Right now the economics favor exactly what we're doing. 
Gale Klappa: Not yet because, as you know, it's now all up in the air again. So, these are -- as you know very well, transmission projects have a long gestation period. So, I wouldn't expect there to be some kind of a knee-jerk reaction in the first 30 or 60 days, particularly with all the appeals going on and the uncertainty of what the final result will be. 
Gale Klappa: And Michael on the LNG as far as the approval process, it's underway. And as I said in my prepared comments, we expect approval and we would begin construction in the summer of 2021 for operations in 2023.
Gale Klappa: Well, as you know, we have an option with Alliant to buy into some point between now and say 2024 a portion of their new gas-fired combined cycle that's being built right now. That option is still on the table. We haven't made a final decision. Beyond that, we don't have any plans to propose any construction of new gas-fired generation. And of course, regardless of whether we add gas-fired generation or not, the percentage of gas-fired generation in our total mix will be going up and coal will be coming down as we've already retired about 40% of our existing coal-fired generating capacity.
Gale Klappa: Great question, Greg. Everyone in the room is nodding their head, you've got it. If we were modeling it, as we know you would be, we would assume fully authorized rate of return gets us to the midpoint of the guidance and then upside from there if we were to get into sharing.
Gale Klappa: Well, it's a very good question, and I think you are correct. In the less -- in the warmer climate and the more tempered climates, there's clearly a push by some of the more active environmentalists, not only move away from coal but now we have a beyond gas campaign that we're seeing. For us, I think Michael it comes back to pure practicality and the recognition that if it's 40 below in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan, a heat pump is simply not going to keep your house warm, or even if it did, it would be so incredibly expensive that you simply couldn't deal with it. So for our Upper Midwest area and with the market share that we have for home and commercial heating with natural gas, I just don't see a major turn away from that for many, many years to come. I think the other piece of it is natural gas heating, natural gas furnaces continue to get even more efficient. And there are better ways, I think in terms of running the economy and continuing to reduce CO2 emissions. And if you look now at across the U.S. and in the upper Midwest, the number one contributor to CO2 emissions is no longer power generation, for example, it's transportation. I think the low hanging fruit here in terms of continuing to de-carbonize the economy, particularly in a region like the one we serve, is not moving away from natural gas home heating, it's actually electrification for vehicles. Kevin, I don't know if you have any view on that.
Gale Klappa: And Vedula, so far and again we've inherited that in 2015 with the Integrys acquisition. So far our strategies, our matching strategy, if you will, has our matching strategy, if you will, is worked exceptionally well.
Gale Klappa: And again, we'll let Scott give you more detail. But long story short, we know what investment options are people who've got the deferred comp are in. In other words, we know what investment options they have selected. We can blend that with our investment options in the rabbi trust.
Gale Klappa: We can certainly give you the comparison of what we achieved in terms of the infrastructure segment earnings in 2019 versus our projection in 2020. As I mentioned earlier, the infrastructure segment gave us about $0.02 a share uptick in earnings each quarter during 2019. And with the addition of Coyote Ridge Wind Farm in South Dakota, which went commercial at the end of last year and will give us a full year this year, we would expect $0.03 a quarter from the infrastructure investments in wind.
Gale Klappa: Well, good question, Andy. You know you never say never, but let me put it this way. At the right price, obviously, hitting the free that we've talked about for acquisitions, and we would always take a hard look. I would go because you recognized if you're making an acquisition of any kind of company, LDC or not, you are basically making a very long-term bet. Our assets, as you know, are very long-lived assets. So would, and I'm saying this just theoretically. If an LDC in the Northern North Dakota came up for sale at the right price, we probably would be a lot more interested in that than if it was in the San Diego.
Gale Klappa: Well, again a good question, Andy. My sense and we've done dozens of ESG business. Right now, and I think for the foreseeable future, the ESG focus infrastructure companies like ours, seems to be heavily, heavily focused on CO2 emissions and what your plan is to basically decarbonize the generation fleet. That swamps any other kind of discussion that we have had with any ESG-oriented investor. And again, we have hundreds of these discussions over the course of the last couple years. In fact, everyone now, whether you are ESG focused or not, everyone is beginning to ask ESG questions. But I would say that in 99 out of 100 meetings, the real focus is really on CO2 emissions and there we've got a great story to tell. The other thing that I would point out, we're one of the first utilities in the country to set a methane reduction goal. And I think you are going to be seeing, because the climate scientists, as you know, really believe that methane emissions are far, far more potent perhaps 25 times more potent than CO2 as a greenhouse gas, I think you are going to be seeing some increasing focus on methane emissions and they are the kind of upgrade work we're doing to modernize the natural gas distribution network, particularly in Chicago is really important. So those are the kinds of -- that's the flavor of what we're hearing in our ESG business today, Andy.
Gale Klappa: Correct. 2019 may have been an anomaly because we have so much O&M coming out of the utility that we're into the sharing. But for the most part, there's no benefit from that at all. But it would have been a small amount, and nothing Paul that we're planning on in terms of benefit for 2020.
Gale Klappa: And let me let me just reiterate first what I mentioned in our prepared remarks. In that over the past two years, Foxconn has invested already over $500 million in Wisconsin. I can tell you, again, I've said before focus on what's going on the campus rather than the media reports. But I can tell you, I was actually with the governor yesterday. He and I appeared together at an economic development conference here in Milwaukee. And he went out of his way to say that he believes his responsibility is to help make Foxconn successful in Wisconsin. So again, that's as of 9:30 yesterday morning and a very definitive comment from the governor himself.
Gale Klappa: You understand this absolutely correctly. And the experience that we've had so far with the other infrastructure investments that are operational experienced in 2019 is proving that out.
Gale Klappa: You're welcome. Thanks for the call. All right. Well, folks, that concludes our long conference call for today. Thank you so much for participating. If you have any other questions, we're always available. Please contact Beth Straka at 414-221-4639. Take care everybody.
Scott Lauber: Right. It's just it's just the timing. And when you look at the tax position, and we see a very small taxpayer, it’s going to be under $15 million, $20 million, because of the tax rules, there are still some tax payments that are made. But as you know, we're slowly starting with the PTC's work into 2021 1Q. So that'll not be a full taxpayer in 2021. But still when you look at our five year plan, a lot of capacity is on our tax side. 
Scott Lauber: I don't think there is anything else. It is across the enterprise, though. Everyone has a O&M takeout, opportunities and efficiencies to gain. 
Scott Lauber: Correct. So, a very modest decline. And once again, the projections that we have in the investor book are really the only projects that we know. It doesn't include the residential and secondary that we expect to come from it. It's just the known projects that have actually started turning curve already. So, it just takes a while to build a building and start using it. So, we expect those -- those are still on track to become. And like Gale said, our forecast is really out there talking to our customers and really fine-tuning it and the information we have, it’s the best information we have. 
Scott Lauber: So we look at that holdco, that holdco debt, it's down to 28%. Our target is to keep it below 30%. Now, if there's an opportunity, one year it may pop up or down, but -- and we feel comfortable of those ranges in our forecast here. And the FFO-to-debt in that 16 to 18 range. Now, last year, we had 18.5 but remember we were at in a sharing opportunity at Wisconsin utilities, that money will go back eventually to customers. So, next year may be on the lower end of that range, but still within that 16 to 18 range. 
Scott Lauber: About $0.03 a quarter. And remember the other projects we announced here in December of next year. So some impact but not a lot. 
Scott Lauber: Yes, exactly. When you think about it, yes, we've had 3% to 4% growth last year it was 1.8%. But now what we're really forecasting is really the customer growth aspect, not assuming any more conservation, but also assuming that people don't turn their houses from 69 to 74. People are going to stay comfortable. And we've also seen a lot of conversions the last couple of years from industrial for their own environmental goals to go convert from coal and oil to natural gas, so you only convert only once. So basically our forecast now is based on customer growth.
Scott Lauber: Yes, that's exactly right Gale. So the rabbi trust is really set up by Integrys and we inherited that investment vehicle. And that is related to some of the deferred compensation that individuals from Integrys have earned through the years. So what's a rabbi trust does is what we do is we try to match the best we can, the expense of deferred comp that's in the utilities with the investments in this rabbi trust. So if the rabbi trust goes up $1, usually the deferred comp expense goes up $1 or vice versa. So it's really trying to match that. We have those funds. They're tied up specifically for the deferred comp, so there's nothing else we can use for them. So we have to do it and we thought the best thing to do was try to mirror and match the hedging as much as possible. Like Gail said though, you can't look at it in isolation. Just for accounting purposes, it has to be on this line how it’s recorded.
Scott Lauber: And a lot of the investment options are dealing with equities in the deferred comp, and that's what we're trying to match it the best we can. It's not perfect. But the best we can with equities in the rabbi trust. And so far the correlation has been pretty high…
Scott Lauber: It's static and it slowly goes down as participants withdraw from the old Integrys deferred comp. So it's slowly going down.
Scott Lauber: Yes. And I think overall when you look at it, including the unprotected we're giving back in the credits to our customers, that effective tax rate is in that 16% to 17% range.
