Timothy C. Gokey: Yeah. And just as a direct answer to the question, because our sales cycles are long if you look at our pipeline, it is multiples of what our annual sales are. And so, you had to really sort of take the next layer down. And I think the great news is that we have a strong pipeline across each of our franchises, governments communications, capital markets, wealth. Across all of these, what we're seeing is clients continuing to need to transform their business, to grow revenues, to reduce costs. And we're seeing that with existing clients, we're seeing it with new clients. It's a mix of both near term and long-term deals, and that's a mix that we obviously like.
Timothy C. Gokey: Sure. Well, the first thing I want to say is that our commitment to be good stewards of our shareholders' capital remains unchanged. So, we've been very happy with our efforts to-date and its ability to contribute value. The standards of having one clear strategic fit so that we're viewed as being the logical owner, all right, and an appropriate owner, where we can leverage our strong brand and distribution channel remains a clear criteria. Two, we set a pretty high financial return standard there as well. So candidly, I would have preferred a little more activity right now, in terms of successful results. But I assure you, we're very active out there and looking to continue to executing this strategy that has served us very well.
Timothy C. Gokey: Yeah. Well, that continues to be pretty much the same as we have discussed previously. That deal closed and we continue to receive payments from the new owner. And continue to be in discussions with them about longer-term how we'll work together. So, there's not really any change to that from what we previously discussed.
Timothy C. Gokey: Rich was saying it will grow over time. We take a long-term perspective. It's grown very nicely over time. We'll give you our latest thinking in August on what we think next year. But I think the real takeaway, Pete, is the business is really well balanced right now and we think we can achieve our growth objectives through a variety of ways.
Timothy C. Gokey: Yeah. I think, as you know, this has been – the long-term trends here have been pretty steady and the long-term trend is sort of mid single-digits. It's above that right now. I think the markets have been very strong this fiscal year. The leading indicators that you tend to see here are fund flows. That's sort of an example of sort of driving in the sort of the retail side. I think the other factors above sort of the overall market activity in addition though are the continued growth of managed accounts, the continued growth of global advisors which tend to create additional positions above and beyond market activity and those are trends that we see continuing.
Timothy C. Gokey: Yeah. Puneet, this is Tim. And, look, we feel very pleased with the progress. We were pleased to see our customer communications turn to growth this quarter. I think, longer term, we continue to see a lot of client belief in our thesis around omni-channel communications delivery which is on the physical side, but also on the digital side, and that combination we're seeing a lot of appetite both in client discussions and in our sales pipeline. And so, while the next few quarters with implementation timelines and with a little bit of uncertain timing of the run-off of significant clients that we knew was leaving at the time of the acquisition, the next couple of quarters are little difficult to predict. But, long term, we feel very nice about the thesis and we feel very nice about the long-term growth prospects there.
Richard J. Daly: And Pete, I'm going to add that I've been doing this now pretty close to four decades. And event-driven, although not as predictable as the strong percentage of recurring revenue we have, has consistently grown and it's terrific in that it's going through a relatively fixed cost infrastructure and it's adding value at a very nice rate, which gives us lots of flexibility to do other things including the investments. So from my point of view, event-driven for a very, very long period of time in my career has been a high-quality additive that's consistently grown over that period of time, and may be a little bit of year-to-year blipping here and there. But I anticipate that it will continue to grow and with technology we'll even have more opportunities to bring new activities into some of these dialogues. For example, in proxy contest, social activity should give us some very good opportunities as we go forward, not just for a proxy contest, but also for giving issuers a better way to communicate with their base in the way that these consumers and shareholders are used to getting communications.
Richard J. Daly: So, Chris, first of all, my cardiologist isn't that concerned yet because there's a reasonable amount of time to go and we've had significant fourth quarter sales closed activity, for the majority of years I've been running Broadridge and running the business. So, it's to some degree nature of the beast. Second of all, what we have is we have multiple ways we see in which we can achieve our targets for the year and we're pursuing all of those.
Richard J. Daly: So, I'll break it into two parts, Chris. So first of all, we see, on the multiple paths we have to achieve the targets, there were some very large deals that we're looking at, but we see clear ways to achieve the guidance without the largest of deals. With that said, we like all of it to happen, but it will play out over the time. So, now for the large of a deal, generally speaking, that would mean a longer conversion period. One of the things I specifically pointed out in my comments was the Closed sales backlog we have right now yet to be implemented gives us confidence as we look at 2019 and even over the next 12 to 18 months. So, I really like what we did in Investor Day, where Jim gave you some insight into that sales backlog and we're discussing how we can make that something more consistent we can give you. Hopefully, we'll be there when we talk about 2019 or during the 2019 fiscal year.
