Dan Sheldon: Yes. So let's put it in perspective. A year ago overall saw it 4% for the quarter, and we ended the year at 1%. What is very important to take away is had been in a positive direction all year long -- and, by the way, we're still gauging out 1 to 2 points of growth from the overall year. By the way, we still have 2/3, which we've already said is pretty much done, but 2/3 happens of revenue in our fourth quarter.
Dan Sheldon: Yes. So Rich, just to add on to that piece. Let's focus on that contribution to revenue piece. The larger deals would not hit revenue until '15 or '16, okay? They're very important to us, and we've been very focused on those forever. I think what's very important is the deals less than $5 million. If you go back to last year, you would have seen we closed just under $110 million of deals less than $5 million. So somewhere between a $90 million or a $110 million would not be unreasonable for us to think about as we think about deals less than $5 million. But the most important thing we shared with you is when you think about the SPS business primarily, because that's where the primary larger deals hit, is when we look at the momentum of that 5 points of what we'll call net new business growth, which is a combination of sales and a high retention rate, we're fairly confident we still see 5 points or above. That is very, very important for us to think about as we're putting our models together and thinking about the momentum in the business.
Dan Sheldon: Yes, okay. Rich and I are both looking at each other. It's a great question. So, nothing has changed. The point of the matter is, is we have a pipeline of acquisitions that look attractive, we're reviewing them. But as you've seen, and I think you'd be very pleased to understand, we're not just out to buy revenue, okay? They come when they come, and they have to come at the right price and the right hurdle rate. I think the other piece on that point of it is we just shared with you that we bought back 2 million shares this last quarter. We're up to 6 million buybacks for the year-to-date, and we do that opportunistically. So I think you've seen all the things -- and the same thing with the dividend. You saw us increase it last year. We're not saying we're always going to increase it, but we gave you a guidance point that said we are usually looking at about a 35% payout and this year, we're going to be north of 40%. So that's how -- I'd end it that way. But, Rich, I know you have a couple of comments here.
Dan Sheldon: The way to answer that one is even though we're in the proxy season, I'm not worried about the $200 million in proxy. I'm not actually worried about any of it. What can happen is the distribution revenue can fluctuate greatly, just as you saw what happened in this third quarter. So from a business line, take a look very strongly at the sales contribution and the retention rate as you're building out the model because, again, the fluctuation right now will either come from trade volumes bumping up a little bit or coming down a little bit or primarily due to distribution revenue, but will not, will not impact the margins, as I already talked about.
Dan Sheldon: Right. So the way to think about that, it's about 1.5 million to 2 million for dilution every year from shares that we issue in either options or RSUs. And the only thing coming up would be, in the fourth quarter, our RSUs, which is about another 500,000 to 700,000.
Dan Sheldon: So it's a great question. If you go back and you look at the key statistics again on Page 21, the whole idea is, is that saying that if trade volumes went up 10% or down 10%, we're more focused on what products and solutions are we giving to our clients that, although in the past we used to get paid by trades, let's remember that's not the only thing we did. We're the books and records, we're the regulatory side, and we're the compliance side of these businesses. And with our newer products, we're even bigger into reconciliations and more middle-office type of activity. So I would take it more on thinking subscriptions, with some volatility with trade volumes. But only 70%, so far, of equity has moved over to that, what I'll call, more-subscription-based or less volatility to trade volumes. There's still 30% to go, so it still creates trade volumes up or down activity for us.
Richard J. Daly: David, I've been at this for 30-plus years. And we've sliced and diced the IPO activity, the market activity, people moving to mutual funds, people diversifying, and the only consistency that we've only found throughout this whole period of trying to analyze that is that diversity seems to be the trend that makes this business so stable because even as people move money from mutual funds to bond funds -- or equity mutual funds to bond funds, they don't seem to get completely out of equity mutual funds, for example. And so given that we get paid by the number of positions and not the size of the position, stock record positions has been a very stable factor. I mean, over a 30-year period, we've had 1 year with minus 1% of activity and the vast, vast majority of some form of positive activity. So I can't give you a more detailed answer than you should look to this to be pretty stable. We're not planning on any dramatic turnarounds. We're going to manage costs very diligently, and we're going to push more product through these very, very strong channels we have and manage our growth rather than hope for growth.
Richard J. Daly: It's a great question, David, and, I mean sincerely, thank you for raising it. So let me try to create a context here. So last quarter, we said 45% and that we were confident in the pipeline and our overall sales capabilities. And the 45% stuck with people, and that's why I've added a line this time that this is not a retailer. When the Christmas season ends, if the retailers don't have their numbers, they're going to wait another year for that time to come. We feel very good about where we are from a product point of view, a momentum point of view and that we'll continue to add closed business into the implementation backlog and convert that into revenue. We'd always rather it sooner rather than later. There's certainly more than one large pending transaction. We would need one of them to make the range for this year, all right? But if that was to happen, hypothetically, on July 15 versus June 29, certainly, from a commission point of view, inside the building, people would be very concerned. From a shareholder point of view, I don't really see the difference because 15 days on a large deal isn't going to matter one way or the other. What's going to matter is how long all of our transactions take to convert to revenue.
Richard J. Daly: David, I want to add one other thing, too. And I've, my entire career, been very, very focused on sales, so I completely get it. When we talk about something like EBIP, okay, the Enhanced Broker Internet Platform, okay, that will never show up in our sales number. That will generate new revenue, okay, in terms of the digital activities. More important to me strategically is that will also generate more activity around our Fluent activities in enabling our clients to attack that $20 million in costs that our industry has in paper communications. And by converting that over to digital, okay, some of that will show up in sales, some of that will never show up in sales, but the revenue opportunity and the progress that we've made on digital activities, which will not be a closed sales activity, is certainly more meaningful to me than, for example, one large pending transaction.
Richard J. Daly: David, we're not happy that our acquisition activity has been as light as it has been, okay? With that said, we're not going to do a deal at a price that we don't think is right for our shareholders. We recognize that it's our shareholders' cash, and if there's a -- we've had a good number of indications of interest that we participated in. There are a couple of transactions that I was disappointed that we did not win, okay, but we would not take the price beyond what we thought was the right value for us to create value as we go forward. As we build up cash, okay, we're going to look to use that cash and deploy it to the benefit of our shareholders. We do think that the shares that we just repurchased throughout this entire fiscal year, of about 5% of our diluted outstanding shares per share, we bought back opportunistically, meaning at a price lower than where we expect to be going forward.
Richard J. Daly: Well, first of all, let me -- this is Rich. Let me welcome you to the call, and we look at each business and we hold it accountable, okay, to make a contribution. So the confidence that I expressed last call and in this call regarding SPS' ability to contribute alongside ICS going forward is tied directly to your question. So let me be very, very direct and specific. With the Penson transaction behind us, as you said, we entered into the relationship with Apex. Whether we like it or not, we now know what that revenue is going to be. We've now taken a look at that business, and we've gone through more than the original planned restructuring of that to have that business be aligned in size with the revenue we have to both be in a position to make a contribution as we go forward, but also to be in a position to add clients, but not to be oversized or out of size relative to the revenue that it contributes, right? So that's directly tied to our confidence in SPS, okay, and that's the course management side of it. We're also excited by the $65 million of implementation backlog that we have for SPS to come into that business. As Dan mentioned, in our mutual fund segment, we had a separate operation tied to the venture of a mutual fund proxy revenue up in the Boston area, okay? When it became clear that, that business model had changed, we consolidated that business into another operation, even though that it served us very, very well in higher-revenue activities and times. We're always going to look at each business and the core structure around it to understand what's the most efficient way, first, to be positioned to grow, okay? But if in the event there is more than a cyclical change, then we need to look at that in terms of how to ensure that it's rightsized as we go forward.
Richard J. Daly: That's why following us from a recurring revenue point of view in terms of the growth of that is so critical because we have a stated goal internally to drive distribution revenue down, okay. And even though we're continuing to be successful in converting paper to digital, also adding new volume, which has enabled that revenue to not go down, but our goal is to convert, again, distribution revenue to digital, which ultimately, we believe, will create greater profits, although not greater revenue growth.
Richard J. Daly: George, you got exactly to where we are right now. The most important thing to us is the activity that's going on. I spent a good part of yesterday going through the detailed pipeline and transactions over a certain size, and there's nothing I can see that doesn't indicate that the momentum is what it was or slightly better.
Richard J. Daly: There is not a typical closing period that I can point to and say logically this is why it is what it is. Our fourth quarter has been historically, for a long period of time, going back prior to spin, our most active quarter. I have tried putting in incentive plans at various times of the year beyond the end of the year, I've tried various other activities, and it does appear that after the beginning of the year is when dialogues get pretty active and lots of the transactions we would like to see closed in the third quarter often slip to the fourth quarter or even slightly beyond. Last year, where we had a record year in sales, we had a very, very successful fourth quarter and a very successful end of the fourth quarter. And -- but I can't give you any reason why beyond the activity that picks up after the beginning of the year as to why that trend seems to be so consistent.
Richard J. Daly: We believe -- well, first of all, we have about 15 clients on the mailbox product right now, some large, some small. So it's a proven activity. So what we demoed both to the stock exchange committee and to the SEC is a live product, all right? Our conversion activity to get additional clients on there is tied more to their web activities, but all it really comes down to is adding an icon onto their homepage, all right, for the mailbox and then everything seamlessly, with their brand, moves over to Broadridge. So our desire candidly was to see it be implemented for the '13 proxy season. I'd be disappointed but these things, when it comes to regulations, certainly have disappointed me in the past. But I would be disappointed if we didn't see activity for the fiscal '14 proxy season -- or calendar, I should say, '14 proxy season.
Richard J. Daly: Peter, one last thing. You shouldn't be thinking of this as an economic windfall in '14. I don't want to create that view. What I do want to create the view of is that there is a significant need and opportunity for financial services to drive to digital. Unlike other activities, there is far higher levels of data security concerns, privacy concerns, and a customer reluctance, okay? This channel we believe will enable our brokers to enable -- without them doing heavy lifting, to enable their customers to access their information through the things they use most frequently, okay, through Broadridge, as an undisclosed agent, okay, to really create a win for the investor, okay, for our clients in better engagement and lower cost and, obviously, for our shareholders. That's the end play there, Peter.
Richard J. Daly: We -- right down to the hearings that we got to watch on C-SPAN with Chairman White drawing her confirmation hearings, we believe that the current regulatory environment, which is pro efficiency, pro more information getting to investors, has been the most positive it's been in my 30-plus-year career. We think we've earned the high marks we get by doing the right thing for investors as our first priority. And right now, there's nothing in that environment that I view as being negative, so -- but I'm not looking for anything else to go on in that environment in the near term beyond, ideally, this new structure getting in place with EBIP being a key part of it.
Richard J. Daly: Let me start with Paladyne. We talked about, early on the call, both segments' ability to contribute. We talked about our strong brand. We talked about the market's belief in our brand and their willingness to buy from us. We, prior to Paladyne, didn't have any buy side offerings of any significance whatsoever, a little bit of proxy edge and maybe 1 or 2 other small activities. We have been very pleased in the dialogues that we've been able to bring Paladyne into. We anticipated this to be an activity that we would need to: one, pick Paladyne and bring it to the processing standards that Broadridge has had overall, and we're well down that path; and two, we've been very pleased by the receptiveness from both sell-side firms at service to buy side, as well as buy-side clients that have a view of Broadridge and their willingness to enter into more meaningful dialogues with Paladyne. So all in all, we expect this to be successful entree into the buy side, which is a huge market and a market that we hope to service very, very effectively as we go forward. So beyond that, it has not moved the needle at this point, and we weren't planning on it moving the needle. But certainly, when we talk about pipeline, when we talk about prospects, as we go forward, we would certainly look for this to be a growing part of our pipeline as we head into '14 and beyond.
Richard J. Daly: Okay. Well, the tuck-ins, just -- so again, the tuck-ins that we look at are, of course, all the things that come to market that could fit in our space but, more importantly, through our business segment strategy groups. We look at what businesses we think would be more valuable under our umbrella, whether they're for sale or not, and enter into dialogues with those entities. We'd like to think that, that will be our most successful channel as we go forward. But again, it would have to be something that we believe is a potentially hot product with a brand that's the market is not as comfortable as they are with us and that under our umbrella, together we could create a win-win. That's pretty much what's been historically our tuck-in strategy and something which we've held to what we think is a 20% IRR, without an irrational terminal value number tied to it. I guess it's now going to be time for me on the wrap-up. Listen, first of all, thanks for the participation today. We thought it was a very, very good Q&A session, and we always appreciate hearing your thoughts and what's on your mind. We've got a lunch coming up, I guess, in a week or so, and I'm going to look forward to chatting with all of you through the various activities that we have going on over the next couple of weeks. Thanks so much, and choose to have a great day.
