Tim Gokey: Yes, absolutely. Thank you, Dave. And we are -- when we look at our overall pipeline, it is stronger than it's ever been. And when we look at the quality of the conversations that we're having and the exciting, and in some cases, transformational opportunities we're pursuing, we just see continued ways that we can really make a big difference for the industry. So we really like the conversations we're in. And then at the same time, there is a lot going on in the world. And so there's that phase between when you have agreement on what you're doing and when you get all the contracting and everything done and that can expand or contract based on all the things that are going on in those particular institutions. There haven't been any opportunities that have gone away. And with -- and it's just one of the things we always do a lot of our sales in the fourth quarter, makes it very hard to predict exactly when things will come in. In the end, remember, as I know you well know, all of that adds to a backlog of projects which we then need to work through, we need to staff, put teams on and get going. And so whether something closes in June or it closes in July, it really has an immaterial impact on our revenue in the long run. So we're seeing great demand. We are really pleased, and we're really excited about the new solutions across each of the areas that I could go on about, but I won't. And so we'll just -- we'll play it by a year, but we did -- like others, we are seeing a lot of things going on in our clients. And so we're working hard to get there.
Tim Gokey: Yes. Dan, thank you very much. And also this is Tim. Also welcome to the call. Thank you. Good to have you here. I think there are -- as we've said in past calls, it is we really like the evolution of how we're going to market in terms of a componentized approach, which really allows clients to, as we call it, transform on their terms, which means really take a North Star and put in place solutions that are on the direction to that North Star that create value along the way. We are seeing a lot of interest in some of the foundational technology, the client and relationship master and that really sort of pulls things together with our onboarding solution. We're seeing strong interest in corporate actions and have multiple firms in the pipeline there. That's been a sore point for the industry for some time. And in addition to the components of the existing platform, they are all the existing solutions we had, which -- things like securities-based lending and other solutions to digital marketing that are -- have strong demand as well. So it's been nice to see the growth this quarter but really more importantly, to see how the pipeline is building over time.
Tim Gokey: Yes, Peter, thank you very much. And a very important topic. And as you know, in the tailored shareholder reports, we'll really enable deeper engagement by investors and they're going to drive digitization. And we think it's something that is ultimately good for funds and makes Broadridge more valuable to its clients. And it is part of a long series of innovations that the industry has undertaken that have been really good for investors and good for the industry. Now as we have talked about, it does create challenges for ourselves with some -- about $30 million of revenue that will go away and challenges for funds because the number of -- basically the number of SKUs that they have since these reports need to be tailored by share class means the number of versions has dramatically increased. And I think I talked last quarter about one fund, where it's going from maybe just under 200 reports to over 1,000. So a real challenge for the industry. We are creating what we believe is a really unique industry solution that will significantly address the challenges that funds face. From a distribution standpoint, while 80% of this is digital, there is still -- 20% of a line is -- there's still a fair bit of print out there. And we're creating a unique print on demand solution that really eliminates the need to inventory, these literally tens of thousands of SKUs and create tens of millions in postal savings for funds by being able to combine mailings and print directly a client that's receiving something print. Instead of 5 different envelopes, print 5 things right off, put them in an envelope in one shot. And so that is a solution that really funds are seeing a lot of power in. And then this also creates a really important opposition -- opportunity in composition. And composition has really been something that's been largely performed by one of our competitors in the industry, hasn't been an area that we have strongly competed in. But a couple of years ago, we bought a composition engine, and it is uniquely suited to help funds solve the problem of having many versions of the same document and of delivering data directly into composed documents, whether those are physically delivered or digitally delivered. And so by putting the composition engine together with the unique print on demand, it's a really unique end-to-end solution that can really simplify this for our clients. So we're actively demoing that end-to-end solution to our clients. The reception has been very positive. And we think with that combination, we should be able to offset or more the revenue that we see.
Tim Gokey: Yes. Thank you. So yes, in our retirement business, one of the businesses in there is trading mutual funds on behalf typically of smaller plans and working on behalf of the record keeper to do the fund trading on their behalf. And that does generate float. It's fairly significant. And so as interest rates go up, we get the benefit of that. Our team has been extremely effective. I think the flow-through from interest rates to us has been something in the order of 95%. And so that is something that has really been a counterbalance so that as we have seen interest rates go up on the debt that we have, we've gotten the counterbalancing here. Now I'll say, certainly, as we pay down the debt as we're talking to, that balance will shift positively for us.
Tim Gokey: Yes. Absolutely. Darrin, let me just start with the second part first. Obviously, this, as we have built, the platform has been a significant investment for us. And as we look going forward in terms of bringing on additional clients, we would -- I wouldn't say that the investment to bring on additional clients is 0, but we expect to be much, much lower. It's not the platform build. There's just really the data conversion and things like that. It's also -- since it's a componentized approach, the testing is dramatically simpler. And so the investment to bring on new clients will look a lot more like our regular GTO business, which does have pretty attractive incremental margins. So we do expect good incremental margins on those. Let me come to your free cash flow topic. And let me just wrap in something to that. So -- and just to be clear, I didn't -- none of us said it will be 100% in '24. What we just said is historically, it has been around that number, and we will be going to more historic. So it's a little bit like the transitive property of a equals to b, but we're not committing to that now, and it's a little too early in the cycle for that. I do want to call your attention, though, I think that as we return to high free cash flow conversion, what it really does for us on the capital allocation side. And our capital allocation is really unchanged from what it has been, but the result of that can be different. So we're committed to investment-grade credit rating. We're committed to growing a dividend to then funding high-return internal investments, making high-value tuck-in M&A and then not letting capital build up on the balance sheet to return excess to shareholders. And so we're really at an inflection point now with 2 things going on as we enter '24. So first, we do expect to return to more historic free cash flow conversion. And second, as we exit '23, we're trending strongly towards our committed 2.5x leverage, which means a lot less need for debt paydown. So therefore, and when we get there, which we're not there yet, but when we get there, we'll have a lot more flexibility to return to our historic approach on capital allocation that really balances share buybacks and strategic tuck-in M&A. And as I mentioned last quarter, we expect an outcome of all of that to drive increased ROIC to the mid- to high teens over the medium term. So we do think that this -- we did want to make an emphasis on the cash flow point in this quarter because we do think we're sort of turning a page here and moving to something that people will like going forward.
Tim Gokey: Sure. Let me take the Crédit Suisse, UBS piece first. And to be clear, the transaction hasn't closed, UBS has not completed its integration plan. So all of this is very preliminary. But if you look at the footprint of the 2 institutions and how it lines up versus us, first of all, on the wealth side, Crédit Suisse does not have a significant wealth business in the United States. There's very little impact there. I will note that UBS has reaffirmed that continuing to grow U.S. wealth will be a strategic priority for UBS. And so in terms of the work that we're doing with them on the wealth side, that will continue. And we've seen really no slowdown in their focus on that. The other side of things is the capital market side. And as you may know, UBS is an important client for us on the capital market side in North America. Crédit Suisse is as not a client for us on that side. And so that's an opportunity. UBS does plan what they've said certainly as a sort of speculation. What they said is that they will be reducing the size of that business in Crédit Suisse. But that said, whatever is left. And again, I don't have any specific information on this, but it would be logical for them to try to consolidate infrastructure and to bring that on to the Broadridge infrastructure. So we think that will be a modest uptick for us. So as we look at that overall transaction, we're seeing it as a modest uptick. Then on to position growth, it's a bit of a two-fold question there, Darrin. But on to position growth, it has been elevated the past 2 years, and investors have wondered if we'd see positions decline to pre-pandemic levels or if it would grow from that new base. And that's been a question throughout this year. I think now with 92% of the data in for this year, we feel pretty confident in our outlook. We do have early testing on the first half of next year. It's pretty early to make any real reference about that, and that is a relatively small part of the year. But all that said, there's nothing in that, that indicates anything other than a continuation of the trends next year that we're seeing now. And so I think our conclusion on this is that there was a sort of a fundamental onetime lift that took place during the pandemic as people moved on to some of the new free trading apps and other kinds of things. And then what we're seeing is on top of that new base the continued growth from the other long-term drivers that you and I have discussed before, including managed accounts and more recently direct indexing. So that's sort of how we're seeing it play out. We have a little less insight on sort of specific economic indicators and things like that, but really just more focused on the long-term trends.
Tim Gokey: Sure. James, thank you. And I think, first of all, relative to Deutsche Börse and SimCorp coming together, I think that is -- that has relatively low impact on us. We almost never compete with SimCorp, and they have an interesting theory about putting their data assets together with essentially a sort of a back-office product, and we'll see how that plays. But we don't really compete directly with them. So I don't see it any direct competitive impact. In terms of how we think about the market, I think it has been somewhat fortuitous and this time that we've been out of the market that there's really been very little activity. I think most people are predicting that there will be some increased activity over the next 12 months. At the same time, I think that asset levels or asset pricing is still pretty elevated despite the downturn. And so I think you see us being pretty selective with a pretty high bar sort of irrespective of the avenue. We really look for things where we are sort of uniquely the best owner. If you think about the kinds of assets that we would be interested in if they were to become available, obviously, we've done a lot of investment over the past few years on the GTO side of the business. And there are a lot of opportunities on the ICS side that we'd be looking for. So I think that's what you'd see. And but if that's not the right thing, then we'll return on new shareholders.
Tim Gokey: Yes. I think the only thing I'd add to that is just qualitatively, as UBS has shifted to this more agile modular approach where they are implementing in phases, when the revenue comes on, it will be less than that $100 million number and not dramatically, but it will be less and but also the investment in the amortization will be less, and we'll be able to lay that out when we can.
Tim Gokey: Sure. Sure, Puneet. I think that -- I think part of the good news is that our clients are continuing to prioritize their technology spend. And I think they view -- in many cases, they view that as table stakes to continue to drive their business forward. And so it's interesting that we haven't really seen any decline in the volume of conversations. And so that's what makes us believe that this is more of a timing issue. Is it weak macro? Is it just the number of other moving parts that they have? It's hard for us to untangle those. But it's -- what we're heartened by is that the conversations continue to be very positive.
Tim Gokey: Thank you, operator, and thank you, everyone, who has joined us today. I hope, as you can tell, we're excited about our progress against our long-term objectives and about the way those are playing out within this year and how that sets us up for the future. We are making important progress on our key strategic milestones across each of our businesses of governance, capital markets and wealth. We're seeing the benefits of that in our business results, and we're seeing the benefits of that in really increasingly strong free cash flow. So thank you very much for your interest in Broadridge. We look forward to reporting the results of another strong and consistent year to you when we meet in August. Thank you.
Edmund Reese: So David, thanks for the question. And I think you hit on one important key component, and that is the position growth from equities. And we gave -- we've been saying the entire year that, that would be mid- to high single-digit growth and now having 92% of the record data in strong, strong visibility for this year and we can point directly to approximately 8%, right in line with what we've been saying all year. The other component, though, to call out, and I did mention this in the remarks, is on our continued ability to drive operating expansion in the business. We had this operating leverage in both of our businesses. So as we bring on new revenue, we see benefit there. We had 60 basis points of expansion in Q3, right in line with our expectations and we expect that operating leverage to continue to drive impact in Q4. And I know you'll remember that in Q4 '22, we announced some targeted actions. So we continue to rightsize our real estate footprint, particularly as we think about the new hybrid work environment. We slowed our hiring. We took other targeted cost actions as well. And we expect to see those benefits come to fruition in our Q4 '23 as well. So when you add that equity position growth and you add the operating leverage in our business and the explicit actions that we are taking for Q4 '23, that gives us high confidence that we'll be able to have the margin expansion and drive the earnings growth for the full year.
Edmund Reese: What I would say is you've seen the sequential uptick 48% from fiscal '22, which had our peak level of investment in it. We said that, that client platform spend was going to be lower beginning in Q2 of '23 after going through our peak quarter of Q1, and we saw that client platform spend was down 50% in Q3 -- in Q2 and is down 35% in Q3, and I expect to see the continued decline year-over-year as we go into Q4 as well. As a result, you've seen the free cash flow conversion tick up 10 points over the last 2 quarters and sequentially in each of those two quarters. So as that client platform spend drops, we'll continue to see improvement. We're not yet ready to give exactly what that number is for fiscal '23. But I think the trend you see gives us -- is what gives us high confidence that we'll continue to see it significantly better than fiscal year '22. And as we've been saying this entire time trending towards our more historical levels as we go into Q4 '24 -- as we go into fiscal year '24.
Edmund Reese: And the only thing I'd add to what Tim said, which was spot on, James, is that we continue to have our revenue growth model focused on organic growth. We drive 5 to 7 points of our recurring revenue from organic growth drivers. And if we find, as Tim just said, the right sort of tuck-in strategic fit, then we could expect to see 1 to 2 points of growth from that.
Edmund Reese: So let me start, James, and Tim might jump in here. As we just said in the prepared remarks, we are now complete with the development and the testing of it and still on track to go live in this calendar year and start to recognize revenue in fiscal -- in our first quarter fiscal '24. And when we finalize that rollout plan with them, we'll share more specifics on the economics of it. As we said before, we'll recognize that revenue in fiscal '24 in the first quarter of that. It will be dilutive to us. As Tim just said, we have a very strong pipeline. We'll be able to bring on more sales that are at very accretive margins to us to help us get back to the returns that we've historically seen in our rollout. And so that's what we're focused on now, and we'll share more as we finalize the plans with UBS.
Edmund Reese: So Puneet, we've continued to see balanced growth across those 2 items, not just this year, but historically, over the past few years, balanced growth, half of it coming from converting the sales backlog, that Tim mentioned earlier, to revenue. We saw 4 points from that in this quarter and the other half coming from the position growth that we've seen and other trading growth in our GTO business. In this particular quarter, we saw 5 points coming from that. And I think you're going to continue to see that same balance of contribution from those 2 areas as we move forward into Q4 and again, as I mentioned to David earlier, I think our -- the actions that we've taken on the expense management side of it will play a big role in our ability to be able to hit the Q4 objective as well.
