Timothy C. Gokey: Dave, it's Tim Gokey. I'll take the sales question and then hand the tax rate question over to Jim. So, first of all, we have a very robust pipeline in both the larger transaction side and on the, what we call, core sales, the ongoing deals. And in almost every year, we end up with a healthy mix of both. I think, generally, you see us near the higher end of our range when one of the larger transaction comes in, and as you know, the timing of those is very uncertain, and near the lower end of the range when we don't have those larger transactions, but we have a pretty robust pipeline on both sides. And my expectation at this point is that you'd see both, but, again, the timing of the larger deals is always hard to predict.
Timothy C. Gokey: Sure. This is Tim and I'll let Jim add in any details on the specific growth breakdown. But on GTO, the biggest driver of growth has been and continues to be the onboarding of new clients, and that accounts for the significant majority of the new growth. Then, the other part of it is internal growth, and that internal growth was about half trade activity and half adding other non-subscription trade services. So the trade growth is – it's a contributor, but it's not the overall – or by any means, the biggest contributor. And that's really because of the nature of our tiered pricing model and if you can get a lot of additional trade volume without a lot of additional cost. In terms of the sales guidance and how that factors in larger transactions, I'll go back to what I said earlier is there's a lot of opportunity out there. We are having a lot of conversations, and the timing of when those might happen is always hard to predict. But we really like the position we're in across both wealth and capital markets. We have exciting things and transformative things in both of those areas, but the timing of that, again, is always hard to predict, but we do feel good about this range.
Timothy C. Gokey: And, Pete, it's Tim Gokey. I'll add one further factor on the quantification of this, which is the SEC has requested comment specifically on fees for the distribution of mutual fund interims, and they're specifically limited to that. So, that is about 8% of the fee revenue. Obviously, once these conversations start, they can go more broadly, but they haven't asked for something that's more targeted than the total regulated fees.
Timothy C. Gokey: Yeah. Chris, it's Tim Gokey. And as I said before, I think that fintech is sort of an area where M&A is an evergreen strategy because there are always teams rolling out of banks or other places, creating something and getting it up to a certain size and either wanting to create some liquidity for themselves or wanting to sell to the Tier-1 clients of the world who may not buy from them. So, I do think it's an evergreen part of the strategy. It's certainly an important ongoing part of our strategy. And this past year was very active for us, as we said, with six transactions. And while they were smaller, they were all proprietary discussions and they were all in areas that were very strategic for us. So we do feel very good about the year – the year just past. As we look forward, we have a very robust pipeline with transactions of all different sizes, and we're going to maintain a high bar. And as we look at this, we're going to look for things where they're truly additive to what we can bring to our clients and where we think we are uniquely positioned as a buyer and an owner. These things do tend to be lumpy. And if you look at us, over time, you have seen it sort of come in runs where things become available and we're able to get them. And so, we're going to keep working hard at it. And I'm confident that, over time, you'll see us hit our broad targets.
Timothy C. Gokey: Yes, great question. I think, certainly, you're seeing – and this is just another step, you're seeing significant commoditization of asset management with the shift from active to passive and other things. And that has been masked to a certain extent by significant asset growth in a very strong market. When the market turns, there is going to be significant pressure on the asset management industry. And from our perspective, we see asset managers going through many of the challenges that our capital markets clients have gone through over the past 10 years. We see that happening in the asset management industry in the next 10 years. And that for us, that's why we're making investments around better serving investment managers. And those changes are also beginning to affect wealth managers and why we're investing in certain wealth managers, because when there is that change, that really creates the need for people to relook at their operating models and their business models, and we think we can be very, very helpful in that regard, helping people save money and become more efficient. So we think there is going to be change, but we think in the long run that will be opportunity for us.
Richard J. Daly: And, David, this year, the mix was what was so impressive of our Closed sales for this year. We've got to the $100 million through the first three quarters without any significant transactions to speak of. So, to then have the year with a very solid fourth quarter and a mix there, but, again, a lot more, I'll call it, singles, doubles, maybe triples, but there wasn't the grand slams that we're hoping for, at least as many of them as we think we could have had. So, we're well-positioned because of the breadth of product, as particularly what Tim talked about in terms of the Investor Day update and the strategy, there is an awful lot that can be sold through Tim and the team's leadership and really creating opportunities across governance, capital markets and wealth.
Richard J. Daly: So, these things always take longer than anyone, including us, would like them to take. Bear in mind, what the SEC just did was not say they're going to do a review. They're asking for comments on whether they should consider doing a review. All right? I made it very clear in my comments, and I want to reinforce that, when I said that the more responsible parties look at us, the better we look. The amount of cost that we've taken out on the Street side versus cost taken out by funds or equity issuers who control their own registered site is a dramatic increase where we're cheaper in both cases, all right, on a per unit cost basis. I talked about all the things we need to do by coordinating all of this for our broker clients versus what they need to do managing a single profile account. So, it's very difficult to not recognize that the application of technology, which, as you know, we've got $1 billion-plus invested in, okay, is what's driving these extraordinary efficiency results. But more importantly, it can actually drive levels of engagement particularly with the use of omni-channel digital capabilities to the next level. So, we're excited to sit down and talk about, what I'd call, that value proposition, which no one ever seems to think at all, where we can take out more costs, okay, and paper and postage. So, remember, it's the net what is it costing you, all right, which is what the real focus always comes back to and what it should be, all right, versus what the fees are. So, by taking out and continuing to take out the paper and postage costs, we've been able to see an increase in fees, but with great savings going to the benefit whether it be equity issuers, fund companies and their underlying shareholders. You take that now to what the SEC is looking to do, which is to continue that cost efficiency, but to create a far more engaging experience, far more knowledgeable investors, and the digital capabilities that we've demonstrated directly in the marketplace and is out there, really, we believe, will be a game-changer. And by the way, it costs money do to that, and we expect to get paid to do that. And we expect people to be happy when it's successfully implemented because the net result is going be lower cost to them because of the paper and postage component. So, we are very excited about where we are. I'm not excited that it will happen as soon as we would like it to happen.
Richard J. Daly: And one other comment here, Pete, in terms of the M&A. Jim covered that we haven't changed our target ratio, leverage ratio, we haven't changed any of our philosophy here. I want to start by emphasizing that, at the same time, say, that had our M&A number been higher, we all would have been happier, but we're not going to change our discipline around returns or our discipline around strategic fit. But I certainly would have been happier if our M&A number instead of being $148 million was twice that as something like that. And I certainly would have thought preferred the growth from M&A to be 2 or 3 points versus 1 point. So, as static as we are about the year, M&A is something we control and don't control in the sense of we're not going to do a deal for the sake of doing a deal. But we all would have been happier, based on what we think is our proven skill set, that successfully executing and implementing and integrating these tuck-ins, we all will be a lot happier if that 1% was a 2% to 3% number.
Richard J. Daly: And, Jim, this is Rich. That margin that we make is again another example of the great benefit that the customer receives, because that margin is being driven by driving efficiencies in sorting capabilities and then with some of the technology that we acquired in the communications transaction from DST, we have things called statement packs and things like that where we can take five separate mailings going to a customer across the same financial institution, very unrelated in some cases. So it could be a credit card or a mortgage statement and another statement and combine them in one envelope and take advantage of the overall lower postage rate of getting those five separate envelopes into then one larger envelope and dramatically reducing the cost there. So, the margins we make, and I just want to emphasize, is there because the people paying it are always receiving a benefit dramatically beyond that.
Richard J. Daly: Yeah. And Tim is spot on here. The reason I set my excitement is I ultimately believe enhanced content, whether it be getting it on your phone or whether getting it sent to you directly, is going to be what equity issuers in the world of activism are going to need to get in front of investors. And what fund companies – let's not forget, this is not just an expense. These are the people that is their business model and engaging with them in a way to demonstrate why you should still be investing in this fund or another fund is something we're in active discussions with funds right now on. And so, the opportunity to get paid for that enhanced content is something we think that everyone should want to have a conversation about, and then particularly Broadridge.
Richard J. Daly: So, Patrick, first of all, I want to emphasize what Tim just said, which is we are very well aware, whether it be broker-dealers that we've witnessed since the financial crisis to this day without any letup in the intensity or now asset managers are under significant internal pressures, all right, and therefore cost always becomes a focus point for organizations under those significant pressures. So, we truly acknowledge that. That's why we believe that with the many fund families we're working with right now, who understand not only what we've taken out on cost, but the opportunity to take out more cost is why I feel so positive about that. But I absolutely understand, in a perfect world, everyone would love us to take out all the paper and postage cost and do it for free, okay? So that's going to be human nature and business models as we go forward. I think the thing that is missing here, okay, is that the relationship between the fund families and the broker-dealers is very significant. 85% of the distribution for funds goes through the broker-dealers. So the ICI comments are comments about the broker-dealer fees, okay, we charge the broker dealer a fee, but the fee is a broker-dealer fee. So I think the thing that will get flushed out here, Patrick, is that the relationship between the fund and the broker-dealers is very strong, has to be very strong, will continue to be very strong, all right, and so -and there's a real need for each other. The broker-dealer needs product to distribute and the fund needs our investments distributed through that channel. So, I expect as these dialogues go on – and we're already seeing the beginning of that, okay, where we'll get back to what makes sense for our broker-dealer clients, what makes sense for the fund families. And at the end of the day, it comes down to not what the fees are but what the unit cost is, and unit cost will come down. Going all the way back in my long history with this, Patrick, I was at the stock exchange in the late 1990s, okay, and the dialogue was you have to lower your fees by a nickel, all right? And I said how about we lower the cost by $0.50 per unit, okay. And it was mistaken at that moment because the fee was about $0.50 and I was suggesting we do it for zero, all right. When it was ultimately understood, it's the unit cost that matters, including the fee and not the fee, okay, we got on to incremental fees to drive efficiencies. There's still a ton of money that can be taken out. And then, the last point I want to emphasize beyond the importance of the relationship between the broker and the fund where they voluntarily do business with one another unlike an equity issuer, okay. The next point is, is that the funds are coming to us in this dialogue saying, we need to engage, we need alignment, we need to communicate our value proposition to our fund investors so that they understand us. Can you help us get that done? So any time you're talking about people under financial pressure and any time you're talking about costs, it's always going to start out in an intense dialogue. This will be no different. I am highly confident, though, because of the business objectives of funds, because of the business objectives of brokers and because of the opportunity to not only take more paper and postage costs out, but to provide better engagement, whether it be for the brokers' customer or for that fund investor through easier access to information and meaningful information, and with an SEC who appears to be engaged through their questions on the rollout of 30e-3 of how to go down that path. It's really an exciting time for Broadridge on these activities because, again, it never gets old, our ability to trade slightly higher fees for dramatically lower costs for the parties, and that will continue to be true here.
James M. Young: And, David, with respect to the tax rate, the way to think about it is if we come in exactly on plan, we'll have a rate that is a – quarter line rate that's about 24%. And then, when you apply the $25 million ETB, the effective rate that pops out is around 20%. So, as you're modeling and looking at different scenarios, that 24% is the rate to apply to the earnings and then adding on that fixed ETB amount of $25 million, which is our assumption currently.
James M. Young: Yeah. Pete, so the – on the acquisition revenues, as you know, they were six, but all relatively small. They add about 1 point of growth next year. So that's embedded in our guidance. And as you recall, our methodology is to just capture the piece that we haven't recognized yet in the first full year in that contribution to growth. And with respect to share repurchase, we don't have any explicit share repurchase built into the plan. As you know, we just came off of a quarter where we did $225 million of share repurchase, about $200 million net of proceeds. So, very active on that front, but nothing in the plan.
James M. Young: Pete, this is Jim. The 21% is roughly accurate. I don't have a mix in front of me on the distribution. Obviously, our BRCC business has a lot of distribution revenues in there. If you look at the mix that we talked about at Investor Day, we talked about, I think, on average about right around or less than 10% margin on the all-in distribution revenues. Again, some of that blended at nothing and sometimes more than that. So those are some of the math that you did.
James M. Young: Yeah, Puneet, this is Jim. We continue to feel good about our ability to expand margins. As you know, our longer term targets are about 50 basis points per year. At 80 basis points this year, we've exceeded that. Next year, we're on track to do about that, a bit better. I think any multiyear view, we're still going to stick with our 50 basis points per year, but obviously we're encouraged by our ability to produce this, especially, by the way, as I think about next year; when you've got that decline in event-driven revenues, to produce similar types of margin expansion makes us feel good. But certainly not ready yet to revise that number.
James M. Young: Yeah. We talk about it as a 10% to 20% decline off of the $284 million. Baseline is always difficult to ascertain with event, but I think ways to think about it are we have assumed lower mutual fund proxy activity in this past year, although we do assume some notable activity. We have lower equity contest activity than last year, recognizing that these contests are very difficult to project. And clearly, it's difficult for us to put anything in the plan for that, recognizing that the activist share class is a big one now, and certainly, we're hoping for more activity, but it was certainly too much for us to stick a major assumption like that in the plan.
