Rich Daly: Sure. David, I think it's a great question and I appreciate you asking me to put it context. The reason I am pleased is that we have always been dependent on a couple of large deals, at least a large deal to even get into our range, and large deals have throughout our entire history always been lumpy just because of the long-term nature of getting us closed. For us to have had an increase of 60% are what I'll call the bread-and-butter deals, the basics to the point that we have confidence in those to be able to make the range and the large deals, which we are confident will continue to happen albeit on a lumpy basis to even enhance our ability to grow revenue more so is why I was so pleased with the results for this year. Because of product, we have more control of destiny, okay? Without the dependence on the large deal, we think the large deals, when they happen, we'll make it much easier to get into the range and even take us to the higher end of range as we go forward, because of our confidence. In terms of the pricing, I would say that the pricing of the deals that we did this year were pretty much in line with the expectations that we had, and we feel good about the value proposition and we feel good about the differentiation we have of our products versus the products in the market, because, one, we're viewed as the industrial strength reliable player. Two, because the value propositions and the efficiency we bring to our client is very tangible and real.
Rich Daly: David, I apologize for not picking up that part of the question. It's a great question not only for the sales force, but for management including me. The quotas are generally set higher, so even though I am saying that I am so pleased, when the proxy ultimately comes out, my quota performance versus sales is slightly below what the target would be, okay? But, at the time we set the plan up, we never anticipated the success of the deals on the $5 million and we never anticipated the increased market acceptance of our new and acquired products at the level in particularly that we achieved this year.
Rich Daly: Tien-tsin, this is Rich. Given what JPMorgan does and the fact that you have a clearing business, you are probably very familiar with the challenges for projecting our business. In putting together the plan for this year, we try to anticipate some of the current challenges of the business, including clearing firms' ability to retain their client. We also did not anticipate any return of interest rates. This new transaction for us is a new economic model, because it's a percentage of revenue deal which includes interest rates as I said in my comments, and even though interest rates are at a 60-year stock low from what I understand, we have nothing in there that anticipates rates coming back during our planning period.
Rich Daly: Like with large deals, acquisitions fit into the same category, but it's not over until it's over, so let me refer to last year, which will give you a better view in terms of the future. I said we pursued three transaction. I was highly confident, we would have closed as we were proceeding through it, so we will not put anything into a plan until it's closed, and because of our what we believe is very high hurdle rate that we have internally for acquisitions and our really strong discipline not to back away from that, I wouldn't plan on any new deals being there until we announced to you that we have actually successfully closed them, but you should believe based on the success that we've had in doing transactions and we think the very strong contribution and impressive returns we are getting, you should believe we're working very hard to identify and close.
Rich Daly: Jim, because of the large deal challenges, okay? Even the large deals we put in there, we cap the amount that we put in, so yes there would be one or two large deals, but they're not in our plan at the value we expect them to bring. It's a way hedging it. This year, the way we managed successfully through that hedge was by having more basic transactions the less than $5 million close than we would have expected to be successful at. We're building off of that success and I put that over the number that we have overall for sales next year, we're expecting 55% to 65% of the growth versus the 45% growth we had this year to come from that category.
Rich Daly: Jim let me see if I can clarify what I said a little better. In my formal comments I said that organic and acquired was approximately 45% of closed sales, and that in 2013 we are expecting they will account for approximately 55% to 60% of closed sales, so if you go back at any point in time over our history and even just a couple of years ago, we did not have that confidence and momentum in that new organic and acquired product activity.
Rich Daly: Self-generated new products and acquired was 45%, approximately 45% of closed sales. The plan we are putting together are planned activity. Now, we’re thinking it’s going to be 55% to 60%. Let me give you an example. If we had the fortune of having multiple launch deals then it wouldn’t be because the overall sales number would be up. The organic and acquired would be a lower percentage but still come in about the same number that we're planning, the dollar amount just not the same percentage amount. That would be a great problem to have.
Rich Daly: We've had pretty good success and very close to our original plans that we put together overall across the board. The blended portfolio that’s how we’re going to be talking about it, but there is no disappointments on any of the sales. The point of the matter is, some are going to do better and lot of it has to do with two, when the deal closes because some of them are little bit larger than some of the other ones.
Rich Daly: Jim you know my position on this is that we’re never going to say before we do something what we may or may not do, but we’ll report on a very timely basis after we do it.
Rich Daly: Ian, without repeating, we hope transparent data we gave you on the performance of our acquisitions to-date and even breaking out the intangible amortization amount there. That we believe gives you a pretty clear view of the acquisition performance to-date, and I would tell you that we would look for additional transactions to fit in the same category. By the setting the internal rate of return hurdle rate of 20%, we believe when we identify a transaction that meets our criteria, that gives us the ability to create that level of performance. In terms of the areas both, in my wrap up and when we talked about the strategy of the business, across our Investor Communication segment where we've had transactions, access data, NewRiver, also Matrix in our expanding products in the mutual fund world, okay? Paladyne, going, expanding our Securities Processing segment into the buy-side where we believe we’re well positioned. Those segments that we are servicing, those segment that we believe will recognize as a very good vendor partner, and a very good market leader and as a very reliable and cost-effective player, it’s leveraging that brand which is what we have a very strong desire to continue, so you should expect us to go out of our natural areas, where we are a proven success company. You should expect us to look in those areas, where we can leverage our brand, leverage our distribution channel, leverage our infrastructure, leverage our sales force and have a far better hedge than buyers of the same property, because of our strength in our markets.
Rich Daly: Chris, this is Rich. Again, when it comes to repurchases, we recognize that we have no desire to hoard cash which I said in my comments. We’ve recognize that there will not always be the opportunities we want for tuck-ins. We’ve recognized that there are appropriate times when it is opportunistic to buyback and we will absolutely consider all those factors as we analyze what's the best use of our shareholders' cash to provide greater returns to them, so we will always consider those variables and in considering those variables, having an authorization, gives us the flexibility if and when we determine that it's appropriate that the best use of our shareholders' cash at that point in time and the best opportunity to create returns for our shareholders. Beyond that, all right? I wouldn't be comfortable going into any of the dialogue that I've had with the board because I'm not looking to telegraph anything one way or the other, all right? But I will always be very timely in a call explaining exactly what happened if and when we do something and why we did it.
Rich Daly: Rest assured every decision that I discuss with the board and that we will ultimately execute is tied to a relentless contentment to the need to create shareholder value.
Rich Daly: Right. The outsourcing business, when you go back to our key steps pages is what we'll call the $82 million ending last year. There is new business coming onboard as well as you know we have now the down tick from the Penson business.
Rich Daly: Yes. Just kind of going back on the perspective of kind of things we've talked about a lot. I told you add just over $80 million, obviously it is around $20 million as well as the new business that we've been talking about this in the backlog et, cetera should drive us above $70 million. We did say that by the way with no huge deals that we should be doing 10 to 15 in sales next year, but what I will tell you is in our pipeline the largest amount of activity that we're excited about is in the outsourcing space. Let's see if we land it, but the point of the matter is, I haven't seen as high of a level of interest in the pipeline in any of the past years as I have seen to where we are today.
Rich Daly: One of the things that we are dealing with is the difficulty in projecting these mega large deals Dan's comments support the formal, comments that I made about where the most significant opportunities, we have in the pipeline are I'll also say that the one product that consistently enables Broadridge and myself to not only have meaningful dialogue in the C suite, but at the absolute highest level being the CEO in the C suite is the outsourcing opportunity.
Rich Daly: It does depend on how it goes, but in the majority of cases, historically a change of control require shareholder approval and things that require shareholder approval have to involve Broadridge because we handle the vast, vast majority of the street side and of course because of our strong technology we win a very high percentage of the registered site as well, and we certainly intend to continue that.
Rich Daly: Leo, I am delighted you are asking for clarification, because what you're really leaving with is a key takeaway that we were hoping you would leave with which is, because of our success in organic and acquired products, okay? We were able to have a strong fourth quarter in sales and we were able to get further into the range than we would have anticipated getting into without a large deal. Going forward, in our plan for next year, yes. We are intending to continue that. We have very detailed sales plans by product, by business unit, by sales head, by sales individuals which reconciles back to all of this and so we are expecting Broadridge overall to be able to sell more of these organic we develop new and acquired products as we go forward into fiscal '13.
Rich Daly: Leo, I like the way you stated that, and because sales can never be something as guaranteed, all right? I said specifically that the one takeaway I'd like you to leave the call with is that irrespective of our markets and clients challenges going to right what you said? Broadridge has proven that we can create and acquire products that will grow revenue. The proof statement this year, from the 60% increase we had in sales of less than $5 million per deal is exactly what you're referring to. We believe that going forward we can maintain that momentum and have at least to the low end of the range more control of destiny in achieving our sales performance than we've historically had.
Rich Daly: Thanks, Kanisha. Well, thank you for your active participation today. It is truly sincerely appreciated. Dan, Rick and I are going to choose to have a great day, but I will tell you we are also going to choose to continue on the path to find multiple ways to create the shareholder value you deserve. Thanks so much.
Dan Sheldon: In answering the last piece of that which was how should you think about hitting the singles and doubles? That's pretty much in a $100 million range. Okay? Then above that is the greater than $5 million.
Dan Sheldon: Okay. The way we looked at that was is that, because it's on a variable pricing and that we looked back in time like the last few quarters how they were doing as well as made some projections out there, we were able to say you know what? We think that right now when we say the $0.08 difference would more come into the high end of our guidance and then those maybe $3 million or $4 million worth are at the lower end of our guidance if there was any problem, call it, any of their volumes or revenue.
Dan Sheldon: For our visibility that we saw pretty much through June, okay? And in July, it wasn't a client retention issue that they were facing. It's like everyone out just like we're facing trade volumes and clearing.
Dan Sheldon: The way to think about the $1.80, what we just gave you on the $0.08 was year-over-year, so at last year, okay? We had $42 million from Penson, and now I gave you the range, call it, 24 to 27 type of thing. The way to be thinking about the $1.80 was, we were anticipating $50 million from Penson, so if you just do the math, you can get down to the difference, okay? Which is 23? Right? or 53 to 27? Okay? Then most of that all fall into the bottom line, and then we also have some transitioning costs that are ongoing. This is not part of that $10 million what we're calling restructuring charge, okay? This is dollars that we agreed to, to help through a transitioning which will go on for a couple of years, and that's what makes up the difference, so what we have really said is they are somewhere between $0.10 and $0.11 of off our $1.80.
Dan Sheldon: Yes. Let me just help with just adding onto that. If you think about that number that we've just talked about, okay? Then think about this, so last year we had about just over $10 million in outsourcing and there was one large deal in there just slightly over $5 million. As we look at next year, the thinking in our numbers we are kind of giving you for guidance, they could be anywhere between $10 million and $15 million, but Rich is right. Everything we are looking at isn’t really just outsourcing alone. This is really going to be a combination of outsourcing as you think about people and technology When we think about margins, we’re still in that we'll call it 35% kind of range, blended range for that, okay? And then there’s other things that could be out there that are much larger.
Dan Sheldon: The question was acquisition, so let's put that in perspective of the 45% which was just under $30 million came from the acquisition. Slightly over $10 million came from the outsourcing and the rest then came from emerging product, I think that’s the right way to put it in perspective.
Dan Sheldon: Yes. The only think I would add to that is let’s not forget the cash balances we have on hand as of June 30th, okay? Which is over $320 million. We want to keep in like $150 million of that and at the same time our debt capacity now, keeping to our 2 to 1, so those are all levers that we can in order to do the various thing Rich talked about, invest in the business acquired, dividends and buybacks.
Dan Sheldon: One additional thing that's not specifically related to the numbers, Pete, but if you think about the market and even some of the press releases that are client who aren't live yet, have enabled us to issue with them. Schwab announced about their international offering and we anticipate that going live in the very near future. Bloomberg announced that they are going to be moving trade book on to it and we anticipate that going live in this fiscal year. Although we're not privy to all of their internal dialogues and we're not privy to their growth plans specifically both of those organizations as an example have proven track records of being market leaders in what they do, and so we're very excited about the fact that the outsourcing opportunity enabled us to enter into a relationship with those two very, very brand name organizations along with the dozen plus other clients that we've entered into the relationship with. Although it's not in the plan to say they are all going to drive inherent growth, okay? As we go forward, I would be stunned if the transactions we entered into with just all these very strong organizations, there are so many strong organization in the outsourcing space, didn’t create inherent growth beyond what we are going forward.
