Richard J. Daly: Thanks, Jim. Please turn to slide 12 for my closing remarks. Broadridge is off to a solid start to fiscal year 2017. We reported strong top and bottom line growth, and we are reaffirming our 2017 guidance. The integration of NACC is going well. We are making progress in bringing our two businesses together and are on track to deliver the cost synergies we laid out at the time of the deal. We are implementing our digital strategy, which was a key strategic impetus, for the transaction by rolling out the Broadridge Communications Cloud and building the largest client and channel network in the industry. We invested in our proxy business by acquiring key technology that will enable us to deliver blockchain capabilities faster and with lower risk. We are committed to maintaining our leading role in the proxy market by delivering innovation to our clients. Last, our Closed sales increased and our sales pipeline is strong. The common factor in all of these trends is execution. When we hosted our Investor Day in late 2014, one of our key messages was that we wanted to transform Broadridge from a company that relies on the market for its growth into a company that was focused on providing solutions to our customers across the capital markets, wealth management, asset management and corporate client segments. Focusing on our clients' needs and delivering the breadth of products they require gives us multiple tasks to achieve our objectives. I am pleased with the progress we have made in making this a reality. Our organic revenue growth in this quarter was driven by higher sales, which is an indication that we are finding ways to add value to our clients and by continued higher retention, and not by internal growth. Our strong sales pipeline speaks of the depth of our client relationships and breadth of our products. The investments we are making in our business in both digital and blockchain should put us in a position to further extend the value we can offer. That progress and our continued focus on execution gives me increasing confidence that we will deliver on the three-year financial objectives we've set and continue to deliver top quartiles whole shareholder returns for years to come. Before I turn the call over to Q&A, let me thank our associates. Thanks to their efforts, the service profit chain is alive and well at Broadridge and their work is critical to the value we add to our clients. Now, let me turn the call over to your questions.
Richard J. Daly: Pete, it's a terrific question and that's part of the analysis that we're working on when I talked about analyzing the interim record positions. If you recall, we called out in the last call, our year end call, that some of our larger retail clients have been pointing out to us that until the DOL rule dust settles, advisers have been very hesitant to put clients into new funds until they better understand the grandfathering aspects of the rule and just have this whole fiduciary part of the rule is going to play itself out. So, it's clearly part of what's going on in the fund volumes beyond fund flows. But what we found was a pretty good correlation between fund flows and volumes and funds flows are down. Now, the DOL rules are going to require a different way to service these assets. We're in the asset servicing business, in particularly in communications. As the world continues to work on lower fees, that's why our focus on digital and our excitement about being the largest network to identify individuals whether they do it through a brokerage account or they do it through a cable bill, whether they do it from a cell phone bill, whether they do it through a credit card bill. All the things we're servicing now in the largest network with those 5 billion pieces of content we distribute, identifying ways to drive that cost of paper and postage out, we see as one of the most significant ways, not only for the financial services industry, but for all industries we're going to enable people to communicate more cost effectively and it should also be highlighted – because I mentioned it and I want to emphasize this, it also has to be a better experience, okay, both in terms of convenience and the content you're looking at. And if you go and look at the release from Vegas, it not only talks about this network, okay, of Money 20/20, but it also talks about enhanced content and enhanced experience. So, DOL is one of the factors, however driving cost out through digital adoption where we let it in proxy, we let it in interims, and now we're going to leave it for consumers, right, is something we believe will enable us to have not only maintain our strength in the market while pursuing meaningful opportunities as this evolves going forward.
Richard J. Daly: Okay. We believe that we've been running below historic norms really because, of course, management. There is – I'll call it interesting dialogue activities in some of the larger funds about the need to go-to-market. The timing of that, it's too early to tell. But we do believe that the event-driven side of this would be on the historic low but I can't tell you what it will be going forward. But I'm not expecting to be going back to historic lows.
Richard J. Daly: Darrin, so let's take a step back because really your expertise here is going to help you a lot more than anything, in some ways, our expertise. It's not something that hasn't been very actively discussed on your side of the world that leading up to this election, money here and around the world has been somewhat on the sideline waiting to have a better understanding of what this all means. All right? And I've been doing this, getting close to four decades now, and this is not the first time that I've seen questions about where the market is as it fully value, doesn't it fully value, what is the political world mean, what a world events mean et cetera, et cetera. I don't even put this to even close to some of the more significant activities we went through in the past, including 9/11. With rates being where they are, this money can sit on the sidelines and stay on a money fund yielding a basis point, internationally having a negative return. So, the question is, and I've seen this, the best place for returns historically has been and I expect will remain to be in the markets. And as money comes into the market, those assets need to serviced. So, I very much still love the position that ICS is in for a long-term point of view, right? Because I still believe that market, whether they correct, stabilize, they ultimately go to new heights. And we thought it was a how a dire that situation seemed in the past at that moment, it's always proven to be true. So, that's one of the advantages of having more gray hair every day. With that said, we transformed the business when we spun from a company that relied on markets, whether it be trades in our processing segment or positions in our communications business, to a business that's gone out there and identified ways to enable our clients, okay, to meet the challenges going forward. And we have a really wide breadth of product. I mean, one of the things that feels great right now is the position that GTO is in. And if you think about the way we transformed GTO, look at the NACC transaction because that – we didn't want to be in the statement business for these other entities. What we learned was the need – if you're going to be successful in driving digital, it's not the broker's choice, it's the consumers' choice and we had to have a wider breadth of content to go after. I am highly confident as we go forward in our ability to retain and win clients, not because we're going to be lowest price, but because we're going to drive people to the lowest cost and the best experience to service their customers. So, I've lived through volumes going multiple places and position growth. Q4 was high and abysmally low after the crisis, but we're now in a position where we can achieve our success with relatively flat volumes.
Richard J. Daly: Hey, Darrin. We talked about sales. And we talked about sales with confidence. And look, the $22 million is not a knock-you-out-of-your-seat number. The reason we're talking about it with that confidence is because of the pipeline, the size of it, the quality of the conversations and the level within the largest financial institution that those conversations are taking place. So this industry needs to transform itself. It's not just a matter of taking heads out or reducing the cost per head; it needs to transform itself. And if you go back to the last quarter, we announced that one of the largest global banks, or one could even argue the largest, right? But certainly in terms of what they do, went to seven platforms worldwide to Broadridge going forward, right? That is not insignificant. As other firms are looking at, we can't announce who that client is on something like a call or we can't advertise it. What we can do is talk to every other firm about what's happening in the industry and there is an enormous amount of interest in what's happening particularly because of the size of the firms now that are saying it just doesn't make sense to do this on their own particularly when Broadridge has created a solution that enables us to combine platforms around the globe to create that level of efficiency.
Richard J. Daly: Well, David, this is going to be a pretty meaningful conversion process, so you shouldn't be thinking of that as being a major uptick in 2017. What you should be thinking about is the strong sales that we've had over the years rolling into 2017, and that's some of the revenue visibility that Jim was talking about.
Richard J. Daly: Patrick, this is Rich. Good morning. Yours truly really drove that. As I heard in the ways about blockchain, we are participating with our clients on blockchain dialog as it relates to back office processing which is mind-numbingly complex. As we looked at markets like Estonia and Australia, well, I knew as the leader in proxy and as somebody, as an organization and as a leader myself who was lead proxy for decades, I needed a faster path than the build path, and what I highlighted in the call was that the Inveshare technology does not cover all the functionality of ProxyEdge and lots of the reconciliation things we do, but it's on a more current architecture. And by starting with that as our starting point, our technical people said to me without question we can get to a blockchain solution faster than the path of going in on our own. That's what led to that decision. So, we intend, through this transaction where we've already gotten a reaction of the marketplace, for the world to again look to Broadridge to lead. What's unique about proxy for Broadridge versus any one of us is because we already connect to all parties, the toughest part of blockchain is getting the parties connected. So, hypothetically if IBM wants to get instant voting results via blockchain and another company does not want to participate in it, we would be in a unique position with this solution that when we expect during an election a corporate secretary closes the polls at IBM, it will be – give our preliminary results and we'll issue them in an 8-K within 48 hours, it will be – they close the polls and instantly, at that second, split-second, every vote received through that split-second is now in front of that corporate secretary, all right? So, there are other efficiencies that this will drive but most importantly is Broadridge is the leader in proxy. And if you're going to remain the leader, you can't say, well we like what we had and we don't want to be concerned about making investments. You need to invest to remain the leader. And so, everyone should interpret this, is that Broadridge will continue to invest at the levels required to lead across the markets we weave in.
Richard J. Daly: There will always be competition out there. We think the differentiation and that's why I emphasized the functionality. The differentiation between what we do and anyone else can do is very dramatic. We spend more on cyber security than all of our competitors combined have in revenue. So, we live in a world where the days of a Rich Daly starting a proxy business in an extra bedroom are over. Because the requirements to get to even the cyber security needs, no one who gave me the data almost 30 years ago will give it to me today. That's the reality, and no one worth talking about would give me the data. So, this is not about that aspect of it. We remain highly confident that our value proposition is very well-differentiated versus any other offering in the market, and that's why we continue to win. There have been better deals on the table to our – commercially all of our clients for quite some period of time.
Richard J. Daly: All right. Well, it certainly is going to be a very interesting day today. And I regret to say it's probably not just because of Broadridge's earnings call. We're three minutes into the open now, so I'm sure everyone wants get off to that. We'll remind you that we have an investor launch on November 16 in New York City. We will certainly look forward to seeing you there, and we look forward to discussing Broadridge as we go forward. I've said this many times before, but it requires particular emphasis today, choose to have great day. Thank you.
Darrin Peller: Thanks, guys. Just on a bit of a higher level, what do you see is the potential? Maybe you could just help list off the potential for items that could lead to reacceleration of the ICS segment organically just given what we're seeing on the growth and the number of positions, obviously decelerated, and the event-driven is also had to tell. So, I know data analytics is an initiative of your deals. And I guess that will lead to the follow up question of what the pro forma growth could look like with NACC and how that's been performing.
Darrin Peller: It sounded like that – right. So, hopefully it comes back, but even despite that, I think what you guys, and Jim, you were saying earlier also is just that even in this environment there's enough catalysts and levers between data analytics and new business to reaccelerate to maybe a mid-single digit rate for the – from an organic standpoint for the segment.
Darrin Peller: Right. Just a quick follow-up question on the GTO side. I mean, obviously we get lots of questions around demand and the environment around financials, broadly retrenching on spending, obviously it was Brexit; now it's other things, election, et cetera. I mean, any insight into what you're seeing from your clients on -- bigger clients on spending trends right now? I mean, it's seems like the segments' growth rate has held up pretty well.
James M. Young: Hey, Darrin. It's Jim. It's obviously – ICS on organic basis a little light at 2% with that software interim position growth. But look, I think as we think about new business, that's the big driver. At 3 points this quarter, we continue to believe that a lot of the emerging and acquired businesses that are still gaining steam and also are contributing disproportionately to our sale and the ability to drive that much higher. So, even in a scenario where position growth comes down and what the internal growth moves to something that's more flat, which we're not anticipating at the moment, but if we're to get more flat, we still think that net new business number can continue to be well more than 3%, more of the kind of the 5% range as we think about a lot of these new businesses growing, this is obviously excluding the acquisition of NACC. So, there's still a lot of growth left.
James M. Young: Obviously, we like the growth that comes from the interims and proxies and stock-record positions but that's not what we're focused day-to-day. It's all the sales activity whether it's daily analytics to the advisor space, et cetera. I think that I've seen kind of organic growth going forward just as a reminder for NACC, as we layer in that business, it's going to contract for a couple of years as we work through some of the things we outlined at the time we announced the acquisition, including consolidation in the telecommunications industry, they'll decline for a bit before it rises back to higher levels and we start layering in what we think are good sales opportunities for – on the combined entity. So, again, we're pretty optimistic about the growth and where our dollars are invested in or against these emerging acquired products that have – continue to have really good sales performance.
James M. Young: Sure. This is Jim. Yeah, obviously the first quarter is small. So, growth off of a small base -- not as meaningful. So, what we – again, we reaffirm guidance; we have good confidence that we deliver that. So, clearly, if some of the key variables we think about between the low and the high, clearly if interim growths were to pick back up in a significant way, that's a variable that starts pushing you a bit higher. Clearly, if events-driven revenue continues to grow like it did last year, we're assuming more flattish this year, that's certainly a nice tailwind that will push you up into the higher end of the range. Both those variables, obviously, can have factors, bring you down to the low end of the range. But otherwise, we've got very good revenue visibility given the nature of the business, given the recurring revenue base, and business under – the revenues that we have under contract. On the investment side, obviously, in any given year, we've got a set of investments we're trying to make and this year is no different, probably as large as ever. So, those are always levers, although we're pretty disciplined about making sure we make the investments each year. And then obviously, I think, one other variable when you have a large new business like we do with this NACC acquisition, you're still learning about that business, so it's not hard to have a few million dollars move either way, either in additional savings you find or frankly year one cost as you integrate the business. So, those are some of the variables that I think about at the moment, but we don't have to sort of natural volatility that others might have just given the sort of large recurring revenue base that we have.
James M. Young: Yeah. I would just stick with the comments, Pete. I think you're right to highlight the very tough comp for next year. So, back to David's question about, and I'm just seeing a growth coming in the second quarter, I think again queuing of that 11% to 12% of our full year earnings typically fall into the second quarter will probably get you in the right zip code for what we're seeing right now.
