Tim Gokey: Sure. I’ll just make a comment here, Dave, and then I will let Edmund take that on in some detail. First of all, good morning, thank you for the question. I think I just want to reiterate that our results today were – this quarter were very much in line with our expectations, a little bit above. And we made investments at the end of last year that we knew would make the expense growth for this quarter a little bit stronger. And so we don’t see any surprise here. We do see a more evenly paced year this year, but I’ll let Edmund comment on that.
Tim Gokey: And I just might add on all of that, which is the – that we are expecting 25% of earnings in the first half.
Tim Gokey: Yes. Look, we continue to see the wealth platform as very much as a long-term positive for Broadridge. It’s doing three things for us. First of all, it’s definitely deepening our relationship with UBS, who we view as a long-term global winner. They have been a long-term partner. It says a lot about the work that we are doing together that at this point in the work the relationship is deeper than ever. That’s not always the case. It’s really setting us up to be a leading provider in the $16 billion wealth tech market, which obviously is why we are doing this. Wealth tech is a rapidly growing space. I saw some recent research in which 70% of wealth management firms are planning to increase their technology spend in the next 2 years. Others are investing, but we believe we have some real advantages. And it’s key part of our transformation as a company to being a modern SaaS provider. All this work is in the cloud. The key components like the workstation, API gateway integration layer are foundational to our overall tech roadmap. So, that’s we are excited about the progress that we are reporting today. And David, we really are seeing this as client discussions move from talking to showing. And when you are able to show real live software, it makes us very much of a difference in the conversation. I am just – I am thinking of a client conversation we are involved with now where the clients asked us to set up a sandbox with their data to have them be able to play with the applications, and we are able to do that in a matter of weeks. And that makes a big difference in the conversations. That’s why we are seeing the 25% increase in pipeline. And so as we look forward here, I think the markers of success are going to be going live with UBS, seeing sustained growth over time in our wealth management business. Now, these sales will start to convert to revenue not in this year. So, we are not talking about this year, we are talking about beginning next year and then also, the progress in our overall technology roadmap. I think those are some of the markers that investors should look for, and we are confident we are going to get good returns here.
Tim Gokey: Yes. Puneet, it’s Tim. Thanks for that question and it is an interesting one. I think that we are seeing a strong appetite for continued digitization and for moving platforms forward. I think we are also seeing a real healthy balance between internal builds versus mutualization. I think that as the world moves to more agile, people are thinking less about large-scale multiyear transformational projects and more about how they can step into things in ways that take – are quicker to come on and add value in a way that they can see. And I think we are seeing that both in North America and in Europe. When you look at our mix of sales last year, which was a record. It didn’t have any of those large transformational deals in it. So, I think we are – and I think that’s what we are seeing now is some nice chunky deals. But we are seeing not large-scale transformational ones. I think the exception to that a little bit is in customer communications where there are still significant players that have in-house platforms that where they are trying to think about that. And those – some of those could be larger. But on the technology side, it tends to be a sequence of really nice deals, and we like the velocity of that versus the bigger ones.
Tim Gokey: Yes. I think Puneet, what I would say is, certainly, if you think about the work we are doing with UBS, I think that is something that is truly exceptional is to put us into a whole space and not something that we are thinking about something that is like that. It is and having built the platform and built the technology, we see additional deals being able to come on with much, much lower incremental investment.
Tim Gokey: Yes. On the – just on the variance between physician growth and revenue, there is just some timing in there. And I will let Edmund expound on that, but that’s not, Darrin, I think something that is anything significant inside that. But on the bigger question around position growth, it remains robust based on long-term trends and recent innovations that we believe are here to stay. So, it certainly starts with the long-term trend of increasing investor participation and diversification, which as you know, is based on historically falling costs, ongoing innovation, including ETFs, managed accounts, and that’s what’s driven sort of the high-single digit growth that we have seen over the last decade. Obviously, we have seen in the last couple of years, innovations around free trading and app-based investing in a new generation of investors, which has caused a real step change in the past 2 years. We do think that’s a change that is here to stay. And now we see the next generation of innovation like direct indexing and pass-through voting to support continued albeit what we think will be a more normalized growth going forward. So, it is – I think we have – all have had a question about as we move into a different investing environment, what would we see with the position growth. But as we have increasing visibility into the second half of the fiscal year, we are seeing this very normalized mid to high-single digit growth.
Tim Gokey: Yes. I do – and remember, distribution, we have elevated distribution revenue last year. Again, that impacted the margins by nearly 50 basis points last year. The same thing we expect this year here with double-digit growth in distribution. I think what you will see is exactly what you just said. First, the initiatives that we initiated at the end of last quarter, we have executed on those, so we will see benefit from that. And then the scale, the natural operating leverage in our business as we go through the quarter and get into our seasonally heavier quarters with more revenue coming on, those things are coming on with incremental margins, and we see the expansion in the overall adjusted operating income margin as we move forward through the three quarters.
Tim Gokey: Sure, Patrick. It’s a mix of both. I would say it is more on the component side. There are some firms that aren’t of the same size and scale of someone like the UBS that are looking at full solutions. And we would imagine those, again, stepping in more in a sequential kind of way than in the past. But then there are also larger firms looking at the components. And I think if you are to look across the entire pipeline, it would be much more weighted to the component side.
Tim Gokey: And I think – and if I can just add on to that, which is I think one of our real learnings over the couple of years, the years we have been building this is, as we have built this in a very open way with all API-driven. And the original vision, as you recall, was really to create based on our back office, very open data layer being able to then take modules on top of that that would be built either by us, by our client or by other third-parties and be able to have that work seamlessly together. And so that vision is really more and more appropriate for what people want today. And so the ability for us to – whether it’s the back office or whether it’s the integration layer out to help people tie together what they are doing and then take some of our applications on top of that is, I think a real opportunity.
Tim Gokey: Yes. It is Tim, I just want to thank everyone for joining today. I want to just reiterate how pleased we are with the strong results for the first quarter, strong outlook for the remaining of the year, the fact we are making good progress on our key investments that our business is resilient in an uncertain environment. And really just most important, our confidence in long-term growth, strong cash flows and strong returns for our shareholders. So, thank you very much. We look forward to continuing the conversation and seeing you next quarter.
Edmund Reese: David, thank you for the question. I want to reiterate a few points to add on to what Tim just said. First, if I think specifically about Q1, as Tim said, it was modestly better than our expectations. As you think about the divergence between revenue and the adjusted operating income decline. The key drivers there, as I noted in my earlier script, was the year-over-year growth in event-driven revenue. We had a very strong quarter, higher than our 7-year average at $63 million, but we’re coming off an unusually high Q1 ‘22. That’s the first item. And the second item was the carryover of the investments, which we will continue to do as we think about driving revenue growth in each of our businesses, the carryover of those investments into fiscal ‘23. As you look out for the rest of the year, first – the key point that I want to make is that – as you know, over 75% of our earnings have historically come in the second half of the year. The first half is a much smaller portion of our overall earnings, that we are an annual business, the noise in between the quarters, I do not think – we certainly run the company as an annual company. We think about our earnings overall. That said, I do expect margin expansion into second, third and fourth quarters. And I will reiterate the 50 basis points of margin expansion that we have as part of our guidance. We are coming off a very tough economic environment in the last 2 years and drove 60 basis points of margin expansion. So, I continue to be very confident in our ability to hit the margin expansion and to deliver earnings growth in the 7% to 11% range.
Edmund Reese: That’s a great question. Let me make one or two comments, and I will turn it over to Tim to maybe talk about the pipeline because as he said, we have a strong pipeline here. First, I think the key thing for me David, is that when we make these types of investments, particularly large platform investments to grow the franchise, they are initially going to come on dilutive to the margins. But we have a track record of making these types of investments and using our scale and other levers in our business to be able to ensure that they become accretive and drive towards Broadridge’s returns. That is what gives me confidence that we are making the right investment in this platform and the progress that we have seen with it going live and the pipeline that Tim can speak about is giving me confidence in being accretive to Broadridge and driving us back to the types of historical returns that we have had before. But let me turn it over to Tim.
Edmund Reese: I will just add one point to quantify and help emphasize the point that Tim made, Puneet and that is that roughly about three quarters of our deals are less than $2 million deals, and that’s been a trend that we have seen stay consistent over the past couple of years. And I think as Tim just said, we feel good about the velocity, the fact that it shows interest across our different product lines. So, nothing has changed there.
Edmund Reese: Just tactically on the first part of your question, in terms of the position growth at 9% in the regulatory have a lower percentage, the way I think about position growth, Derek, is – Darrin, is same-store sales. If you went to proxy in Q1 last year and you went Q1 this year, then you are in that position growth number. If you went Q1 last year, but Q2 this year, you are not in the quarterly position number you would be in the full year position growth number. And that’s what matters to us because from a revenue standpoint, it doesn’t matter which quarter you are coming in, we are going to have the benefit from that. So, that’s the difference between the position growth and the revenue that we see.
Edmund Reese: Yes. I mean we continue to have a very consistent capital allocation policy, where we are balancing return to – return of capital to shareholders with our investments for growth, with continuing to maintain an investment-grade credit rating. So, as I think about the near-term with leverage rates that are higher than where we have historically been, we obviously stay very close to the rating agencies and have an objective to bring that debt down to a more sustainable leverage ratio, I would say, in the near-term, we are focused on that. But as free cash flow conversion increases going into fiscal ‘24, I think it gives us more capacity to return capital to shareholders to think about other investments, whether internal or external on the – back in line with what our historical practice has been smaller types of acquisitions, I think that’s going to be the focus for us with the free cash flow conversion.
