Richard J. Daly: Thanks, Edings; and good morning, everyone. I'll begin on slide 4. Broadridge is off to a good start to fiscal year 2019. We reported solid first quarter results and announced an important deal to build a next-gen wealth platform with UBS. We have four items on our agenda this morning. First, I'll begin with some quick highlights of our first quarter 2019 results; then Tim will provide more information on the wealth management announcement and give you an overview of our operating results. Next Jim will review our financials and I will close with some parting words, including some thoughts on why I think the best is yet to come for Broadridge. There's lots to talk about, so let's get started. Broadridge reported solid first quarter results. Total revenues rose 5% to $973 million, propelled by recurring revenue growth of 5% and a 30% increase in event-driven revenues. Adjusted operating income rose 15% and margins grew by 110 basis points. Adjusted EPS, aided by a lower tax rate and a higher excess tax benefit from equity compensation, rose 46% to $0.79. We continue to see strong momentum in the marketplace. The sale to UBS that we announced last month to build a next-gen front-to-back wealth management technology platform is a significant step. At our Investor Day last year, Tim and the team highlighted the opportunity we saw in the wealth management market and this agreement is an important proof point that wealth management can be a strong franchise business for Broadridge alongside governance and capital markets. In addition the size and scope of this deal are more indications that Broadridge is increasingly recognized as a transformation agent by the largest financial services firms in the world. Lastly, we remain on track to deliver the full-year 2019 financial guidance. It's early, but I am pleased with how the beginning of the year has taken shape. Tim and his team are well-positioned and eager to take Broadridge into the future starting on January 2. So let me now turn the call over to Tim to share some of his thoughts about the UBS deal and to walk through the first quarter results.
Richard J. Daly: Pete, this is Rich. This goes to my comments and I specifically put in my script about I feel arguably best about the long-term way we've run this business and our focus on investing in the future. So a lot of what Tim is talking about is under his leadership things that we've been doing already. And so this platform that Tim and the team have presented and will execute against for UBS is so dramatically different than the company we started with over a decade ago and the offering we started with over a decade ago. And a good part of what we're doing to get here, we together with our shareholders have had in our run rate to create a company this strong with opportunities going forward this strong across all of Broadridge.
Richard J. Daly: Hey, Pete. If you go back, for guys like you who were with us from the very beginning, joining the roadshow when we spun, we had the potential rollout notice and access for proxy. And lots of people were saying, oh, gee, that's going to erode the value of Broadridge and what does that mean for the future. I was very confident then in saying that the opportunity to apply technology was going to make this process better for all involved. All right? I had no expectation that the evolution we went through would be as strong as this. So let's put things in context. Back then, as Tim pointed out, our value proposition today is very strong. But back then, cost to service a Street investor was because all the additional work that needed to take place on the Street side and related fees was higher than the corresponding cost to service a registered account, which would be a static list for the company. Now let's forward to where we are today. The Street investors whether it be for equities or for funds, the cost to service the communication to them is dramatically lower. I think Tim pointed out earlier, 25%, right? So it's a pretty nice place to be, all right? To be going (49:22) my analogy is as follows: Think about going into a budget meeting, call it the biggest one in the world for the country, okay, where we went from trillions in deficit to trillions in surplus. That's what Broadridge has achieved in this process over the last decade. We went from being more expensive with true recognition that it was more complicated, but that technology mattered and we could probably drive cost out. We've driven cost out to the point where it is dramatically cheaper and will continue to be dramatically cheaper than the people who are paying the bills are achieving on the cost of servicing their own accounts. This is one heck of a position of strength, all right? The real opportunity and the thing that I'm excited to be doing as we go forward, let's now move this to the next phase of the dialogue of how do we make investors more knowledgeable, more engaged, participate more in governance, okay? And as Tim pointed out, we're going to do that all at a lower cost still. So we're really looking forward to whether it be roundtables or these dialogues, all right? And this isn't new for us. We're proud of what we've done. But the investments I talked about earlier position us, okay, as Tim showed, to take this to the next level of cost savings. But, as importantly to someone like Jay Clayton and his goals for retail engagement, we can lower the cost and raise the engagement levels with technology as we go forward. And let me be clear. We are the only ones I see with the level of technology that we're rolling out right now despite some hearsay from other people.
Richard J. Daly: I meant what I said, Chris. I really enjoyed the interface. And look, we have and will continue to have great transparency. We respect what you guys do and I thought it was terrific. So thank you.
Richard J. Daly: Okay. I told Edings today, I got the last word. I want to again thank everyone. It's really been a privilege for me, and also static that I get to be part of the organization going forward, whether it be as Chairman or in an Executive capacity to work with and assisting Tim. The potential for Broadridge to transform our industry is greater today than it's ever been before. The opportunities in retail engagements that come from roundtables, the opportunities that will have on governance going forward, and capital markets where we continue to grow and the importance of what we do every day and now on wealth really, really of tangible proof points that the best is yet to come for Broadridge. Again, thank you and chose to have a great day.
James M. Young: Yeah, event-driven, Dave, it's going to be down off of an awfully big Q2 of last year. That'll certainly put pressure on total revenues for the quarter. We would expect those to contract somewhat off of last year's results. And then that, in turn, will drive the contraction both sequentially and year-over-year in earnings.
James M. Young: Dave, down over last year, obviously, we're much more – or in terms of our (34:58) full-year guidance just given the volatility in event, I want to make sure you are aware of that. But you can think of revenues down in the single-digit to low-double-digit growth rates.
James M. Young: Sure. So, as you said, I would say the recurring revenue growth, I think the call-outs are one for us. We're very focused on that sales additions number. And when you get seven points of growth coming from sales, that's right in the ZIP Code, where we want to be. So that's very much in line as we continue to do that sales. We continue to think on an absolute basis our revenue additions will grow throughout the year. That's the model of the backlog that Rich was just referring to. So that's very much in line. Really no call-out on losses. It's been pretty steady especially with the communications business impact on that number. As you get to – as you can see, there were ins and outs between the two segments where you had strong internal growth coming from the GTO side largely trade-driven offset by some communications-related volumes in ICS. Now it's early in the year, but obviously, we'd like to see continued high-single-digit growth in the interim stock record growth. 14% equity stock record growth is great. But it's the first quarter, it's a tiny quarter, but I'll take that over the alternative. So we're comfortable there. So as we look at this, internal growth is always going to have puts and takes. And so we've always thought long term, a neutral to one point type of contribution is healthy. So we're right on track for that type of contribution this year. As always, it's going to come down to our ability to onboard sales throughout the year in increasingly bigger numbers.
James M. Young: Yeah. So, Darrin, we talked about our expectation for this year contraction again for that business. We remain optimistic about our ability to sell our way into growth as we burn off some of these losses, the market opportunity remains large. But as we think back to our goals in terms of achieving synergies, we've done that and are going to exceed that. And then, that second pillar that we're really tackling is winning larger in-house deals. And that's still in progress although we've been meeting our sales plans out of the gate. So the goal is to convert that and then similarly we think we can get this back to a point of low-single-digit growth with the longer-term goal of really making this a strong digital play.
James M. Young: Oscar, this is Jim. Remember, in that Other area, you've got a lot of our data and analytics business that Tim talked about, that's been driving the lion's share of the growth and the organic piece of that. There obviously are some inorganic pieces in there. That's where we've added some additional data and analytics businesses last year as well as some investments in the issuer space, which has added growth to that area. But if you look at the organic piece of that, it really is a data and analytics story, which is terrific. That's been an area of real investment for us. So that's the source.
James M. Young: Chris, this is Jim. Just a brief comment and Tim can add on, which is clearly UBS didn't sneak up us. So we had contemplated this type of deal in the year, but you always got to look at large deals that move or change shape or the like. So all that we take into account as we think about the full year, but obviously starting a year with this type of opportunity gives us better visibility, but we're still a long ways to go.
Timothy C. Gokey: Hi, Dave. It is Tim Gokey. That project is continuing to proceed very well. It has a number of phases. It will not affect revenue this year. It will begin to affect revenue next year.
Timothy C. Gokey: And, Dave, that's part of that confidence I talk about, about that revenue backlog as we look forward to the future and yet have all these great investments that are continuing to generate new activities.
Timothy C. Gokey: Sure, Darrin. It is Tim Gokey. And as you know, we think the opportunity in wealth is that the industry is changing quite a bit. It is creating a lot of needs for the brokerage industry, particularly the top 25 broker dealers. And there's no real skill technology player serving to wealth industry. And so as people think about evolving their technology, you're in a position of either having to build it yourself or of buying a bunch of point solutions and having to integrate those together and keep them in synchrony with each other and make them work and that is very extensive. So we think the opportunity over time to build an ecosystem – and not everyone is going to want to do a transformation the way UBS is. But to build an ecosystem over time, we can buy a part. But the more you buy, the better it is, because it all works together already, it is already integrated. As we talk to people in the industry about that value proposition, we get very, very positive feedback.
Timothy C. Gokey: So with this UBS announcement, obviously, we've had a lot of interest. In terms of transformational conversations, those conversations are long and the timing is difficult. But the real benefit is that with this investment, we'll be able to bring all of our different solutions closer together, so they interoperate and it actually helps sales across our entire suite.
Timothy C. Gokey: Yeah, Pete. This is Tim Gokey. We have definitely quantified the investment in extreme detail, and it was definitely a lot of the work that we have done with UBS to get to this point. I think because it is a multiyear build and because we are partnering with them, I don't think you will see really measurable or a significant impacts on our cash flows as a result of this. It is a significant investment, but it's something that I think you'll see absorbed sort of within the business more broadly. In terms of the different components and which things are building versus leveraging, I do think that with the advanced technology, the ability to have an open API-driven architecture allows people to really have the best of all world. So we are definitely going to be supplying some of the core components and container and data fabric. UBS is going to be building some components and will be integrating third-party components. And I think that creates a future for wealth managers where they can really assemble a suite of things that interoperate because the integration framework has provided itself. That's something that we're very excited about. We think we played very well.
Timothy C. Gokey: Sure. Pete, it's Tim Gokey. So when we went through this just to talk about the range of what the timeline looks like. When we went through this previously, the topic opened before 2010, when I arrived here and when I arrived here in 2010, it was in full swing. The Proxy Fee Advisory Committee that was appointed by the New York Stock Exchange did the work over a few years then went back to the SEC. The final rules came in place in January 2014. So that was a four-year process in that case. So these processes can go on. In this case, the SEC is looking for comment, whether they should even initiate a process. So we don't know whether there will be a process or not. So that is a part of what the discussion was. And when you look at the timeline around 30e-3, that was also a three- to four-year process. So these things do tend to go on. In terms of quantification of the impact – and this is in our letter to the SEC that the total fee for the portion that they have asked for comment on that we invoiced last year was the $150 million. So there could be some up or down on that $150 million, you can put your own percentages on that. I will note that with the implementation of 30e-3, we are expecting to see additional fees as we help the industry with a new notice fee. So I think, again, for us, the real goal here is to continue to apply digitization and to apply technology to improve the investor experience and to reduce costs for the industry overall. And it's interesting, because we can see very clearly before us, probably the next $500 million of opportunity in annual savings for the industry, which is more than three times the fees that are being generated today. So we think that power of continuing to take cost out across the entire ecosystem really demonstrates the value that we can create as a central player here.
Timothy C. Gokey: Sure, Oscar. This is Tim Gokey. We dimensioned our overall wealth management business when we spoke at our Investor Day last year on the order of $400 million. And this opportunity is definitely relevant in the context of that. We don't comment on individual contracts. And so I can't give a specific number, but it is definitely a relevant number. I think what is more relevant is how it sets the stage for other transformational opportunities like this and for increasing the sales of our overall wealth management suite by bringing things more together. Wealth management has been one of our faster growing areas over the past few years. We've had that revenue growth. And that has been definitely in the above overall Broadridge and – in the low-double-digits. So we feel good about our ability to grow this overall part of our business, and when we're at our next Investor Day to be talking about the progress that we've made there.
Timothy C. Gokey: I'll just – I will add on to that, which is we are very excited about the data and analytics business that we're building, largely serving the fund industry, but really serving asset management more broadly, there's a whole opportunity out there. Because today the data that asset managers need to manage their overall business in terms of sales and product management, they have to stitch together different pieces from institutional channels, from retail channels, from North America, from the rest of the world. And the vision (54:58) leader that has is to really create that a universal dataset that covers all of those and really save large institutions a lot of cost. So I'm trying to stitch different pieces together. So we think that's a vision with a lot of (55:14) over time.
Timothy C. Gokey: Chris, that's a great question. Thank you very much for asking. I think always in a long-term project of this nature, having those interim markers is important, having those that are externally available is more challenging. I think this is something we will definitely keep you up-to-date on as we go through in terms of our progress. And in terms of new partners, that is on the nature of what I mentioned in terms of the other people looking for a transformational approach and those conversations are always long, and in fact, the timing is always hard. Certainly, if we were to announce an additional partner that would definitely be a very positive indicator. But if we don't announce one before this goes live, I wouldn't take that as an indication that we're not having the success we want to because of what I said before about the increase we expect in the sales of our individual point solutions that's becoming of late (57:11).
Timothy C. Gokey: And Chris, it's Tim. Just adding on to that, just as Jim says, given the timing of these things, I mean you think it's close, and then it takes an additional entire year. So you always do have to have some sort of discount factor in there even when you think you're very close. What we do know is we feel very good about our overall pipeline for the remainder of the year. We never really address sales guidance until it happens. So we're not making any comments about that. But we feel solid about the year and this certainly increases our confidence.
Timothy C. Gokey: Hey, Patrick. It's Tim. Thank you very much for asking that question. And before I answer that, one thing I do want to say is that we are pleased that there are some important areas of agreement between us and ICI in your letter. We both agree in the value to investors of summary content and how that can lead to a higher level of engagement. And that's an important shared view. And we were pleased that they recognized although it wasn't until deep in the report, but they recognized in their report that the total unit cost is lower on the beneficial side. And so we're pleased with that. We were – I think we were a bit surprised with their proposed approach and we were surprised that they really chose to take on their broker dealer distribution partners so absolutely strongly. I'll hit both of those. So in terms of the approach of not having a central distribution party, something like this was proposed by The Stock Transfer Association in 2010 at the beginning of the last process. And the Processes Advisory Committee looked at that in some detail and really determined that it was not workable and that it would be disruptive for the industry, and so really recommended going into different direction. I think the other surprise was that ICI is sort of taking on their broker distribution partner – broker dealer distribution partners by first of all suggesting that they share their entire client list with the funds. That when they give those client list over to funds and the mailing houses that the brokers remain responsible for the cyber risk and that the brokers would no longer be reimbursed for substantial cost that they incur on the funds behalf. So that was, in fact, surprising to us. We don't think that's workable. But irrespective, our approach is to really look forward to work for our fund clients, our broker clients, mission to move things more positively. And as we said, we believe through technology we can increase investor engagement. We can build on the 40% savings that we've already created in the past 10 years and we see savings for the industry – annual savings of another $500 million, which is more than 3 times the total fees today.
Timothy C. Gokey: Yes, Patrick. It was a very extended process with ourselves and a number of others. Some others that are in our industry, some other technology firms that are not in the industry today. And UBS really looked at very extensively – and I think this is one of the things that really pleases us is that after an extensive process they looked at really everything that is out there and everything that's available. After that extensive process, they chose to partner with us. We thought that was a very strong endorsement of our track record, our capabilities and our strategy.
Timothy C. Gokey: Puneet, hi. It's Tim. Thank you for asking. No, we really are not seeing any impact from the volatility in the market. I think that obviously is helping our internal growth in terms of increased trading activity. But, in terms of the conversations that we are having with our clients and our prospects, they continue to see the need for ongoing transformation for mutualization. And so our conversations remain really very strong.
Timothy C. Gokey: I would just comment – I think you're right to call out that is event-driven. And remember, we had a convention where we would recognize the revenue about 30 days after we had mailed it. And so that's what you're seeing is the change and that assumption would have been recognized more immediately. And it can be equity or mutual fund proxy where that takes effect, which is why I said, I don't think it's really all that valuable to do this comparison. Because depending on the month, a proxy event falls can change this. There's no seasonality – underlying seasonality to our event business. So that's what you're seeing. That's why we've chosen to focus on the recurring fee driver impact just because the event there's really little to be learned from that.
Timothy C. Gokey: Correct. All very minimal. You can even see that in last year's – at least from a revenue standpoint, pretty modest all in. And we expect immaterial for the full year on revenue and earnings.
