Edmund Reese: Let me maybe say one to Itiviti, and then turn it over to Tim to talk about long-term view on Itiviti in the UBS contract. First, David, I was very pleased. We said at the beginning of the fiscal '22 guidance that we'd expect Itiviti to contribute 7 to 8 points. And that revenue performance that Tim mentioned, we're very pleased about that. We expect to see mid- to high single-digit growth in Itiviti, as we said when we made the acquisition, and we feel very good about the profit outlook on it as well. So I feel good going into fiscal '23 and the contribution that we expect from Itiviti. And Tim can give further view on what we think going forward.
Edmund Reese: Yes. I mean, David, where I'd start there is we have seen volatility over the past two years and we've continued to see Broadridge continue to expand adjusted operating income margins. Over the last three years, it's been over 50 basis points. You know that we set as an objective 50 basis points, and we did 60 in fiscal '22, despite the inflation impact, despite the distribution impact that we've had and 60 basis points in fiscal '21 as well. Inherent in our business model is operating leverage that we get from bringing on new revenue onto our fixed infrastructure without seeing additional costs that we get from moving from -- as we continue to become more of a digital business and then the efficiencies that we see in the business as well, from things like moving to the cloud and in our technology expense. That, I think, allows us to continue to expand margins each year and create capacity for investment. Now like many other companies going into an uncertain economic environment, I thought it was prudent for us to take -- to be proactive and take actions to drive down the cost and create more capacity for us. And so we have started those actions as we went into our fiscal '23 planning process. They're underway, which is why I felt confident in giving a number today in terms of the annualized savings associated with that. That is going to allow us to mitigate the inflation impact, continue to create capacity for investment, which is our objective to have ongoing investment in our revenue initiatives and continue to deliver these kind of -- the earnings that's in line with our objectives and with the guidance that we gave. So ongoing investments are going to be a part of our business model. And I think we have the operating leverage in our business and the proactive actions that allow us to continue that.
Edmund Reese: Yes, I'll just add to what you just said because your comments were spot on, Tim. On an ongoing business as usual basis, I'd expect the distribution revenue to be in sort of mid-single-digit growth levels. But because of what the strength that we've had in our customer communications business with strong wins there, we have seen an uptick in and that moves us to these low double-digit rates plus the postage increase that Tim has seen. And as a result of that, you're seeing top line growth, by the way, in our customer communications business in line with the strong earnings that we've put in there. I think the important point on that is that both of those components, the customer communications distribution plus the postage, is that no margin -- very low to no margins for us and that doesn't have whether the growth rates are higher -- when the growth rates are higher because of that it's not having a big impact on our overall earnings. It is having an impact on our reported margins, but we are still able to be able to drive the margin expansion despite that. I think that's the key thing to keep in mind as you think about the distribution revenue.
Edmund Reese: And let me just add, and I think it's a good observation, Puneet. In Tim's point, let me just maybe add 1 or 2 points. You're right, you did see sort of elevated growth in the issuer business and then the customer communications business. Remember, issuer last year on the full year grew at 21%. We're now seeing 14% this year. In the quarter, we continued to have strong retention of our virtual shareholder meetings platform. That wasn't a big growth driver. There was some incrementality there, but that retention is very important. And then our disclosure products had very high growth -- as well, some of that, the disclosure business has been growing very healthy over the past couple of quarters. We got a little bit of an uptick as companies look to revamp their proxies and annual reports. We do a good job of winning that business. And I don't know to expect that kind of growth on an ongoing basis. And then in the customer communications business, just onboarding a bunch of the large sales that we've had over the past year print and digital sales that we've had drove growth there. I think the big point that I've asked you to take away, Puneet, is we still very -- feel very comfortable with our long-term objectives of 5% to 7% organic growth from these businesses. And I think that's what you can expect as we look at them moving forward.
Edmund Reese: Well, the short important point on it is that it really offsets and makes our overall rate impact neutral or slightly positive as I think about the interest expense line. And then the prepared remarks, I talked about interest expense for the $1.6 billion in variable debt that we have, having about a $35 million to $40 million impact. Our treasury teams and our business teams worked very hard to be able to recognize the rate increases that we see in the asset side as well as mutual funds. So you can expect the impact to be roughly the same amount on the asset off balance sheet side of the ledger. So it's about a neutral impact as we think about those two impacts, both on the interest expense side and on the balances.
Edmund Reese: Yes, I think we've seen -- on the Q1 overall, you're right, I think the -- when you think about total revenue, I'd expect the recurring revenue to be in the strong position growth. We continue to feel very good, as Tim mentioned earlier, about onboarding our sales from the revenue backlog of $440 million. That is the key driver of our growth, and those things are healthy going into each of the quarters, including Q1. When you think about total revenues, where you start to see the impact being lower, if you think about Q1 of '22, where we saw almost record levels of event-driven revenue, it was over $76 million in Q1, and we're going to be lower than that. And then the incremental expenses is what drives -- or the full year impact of expenses that were in fiscal year '22 is what drives Q1 to be at the lower end of that 10% to 17% range.
Tim Gokey: Yes, Dave, from a modeling perspective, it's really incorporated in the guidance that Edmund gave. But just stepping back from it a little bit, obviously, we're pleased with the integration. What we were really pleased by is the confirmation around our strategic thesis with our clients and the conversations that we've been having with them about how we fit into their road map. And really as we look at our -- the way our technology architecture, the way our product roadmap overlaps with what our client needs as well as the real commitment to service that both Itiviti and Broadridge have and how that is resonating, so we really are seeing market share gains, and that's delivering the financial benefits that we talked about. And just to expand a little bit of the outlook I gave when I was talking is as you think about that as you think about that short-, medium- and long-term goals in terms of how we see this unfolding, we think there is a real opportunity over the next few years to take share in the front office. There is a real need out there for a next-generation solution, and people are really looking to us as the right partner for that. And we saw that with multiple competitive wins in this last year, which drove more than $3 million in sales, which we see continuing to grow. In medium term, we think there is opportunity around geographic and asset class expansion. And we're seeing the pipeline grow in North America. We saw some good sales in North America. So we're really having the opportunity to bring Itiviti to North America where it traditionally hasn't been as strong. We're getting introduced by Itiviti in Europe to their clients, and there's also a lot of opportunity in exchange-rated derivatives. And then longer term, that ability to really create a true front-to-back solution -- and some clients -- some of our clients are very excited about that because there's a lot of inefficiency today where the data in the front office and the back office don't match, and it creates a lot of internal inefficiency and brakes. And ability to bring that true back-office data all the way to the front, can really increase traders' effectiveness and ability for them to be effective in their business. So we are incredibly excited about this. Everything that we thought about it has been happening. And we're very excited about the long term. Now your second part of your question was on UBS, which I'm sure others will have that same question. And specifically related to '23, there's nothing in our guidance about for this. We're really expecting the revenue to begin to be recognized after our '23 fiscal year as we talked about sort of in summer of calendar '23, which will be in our fiscal '24 calendar year. And I'll leave it at that for right now. But if others have questions, I have a lot to say about the wealth platform and how excited we are with it.
Tim Gokey: Let me just -- I'll take a little bit of an overview, and let Edmund add on to that. But we are seeing good growth -- well, first of all, it's the factors you mentioned. So postage was a significant factor, and there's going to be another postage increase in this coming year. And the customer communications business, which has a lower digital percentage than our regulatory business, had some very nice growth as you saw this year. And that's growth both from bringing on new clients and from increased -- some increased volume inside existing clients. So good growth in both those things. I will -- I know it's not your question, but I just have to point out the increased digitization rates that we've seen over the past couple of years are now at 86% for proxy, 78% for funds. And so we continue to think that the long-term piece, as we get to digitization, is that the distribution revenue should be a smaller piece of our business. We were a bit surprised by that this year. And -- but it looks like with the postage increase, it will be significant again next year. And just I'll ask Edmund to...
Tim Gokey: That's a great point, Edmund. I just -- again, I know you all know this, but you obviously hear me say, it is you really -- when you think about Broadridge, we're thinking about fee revenue. And both in terms of growth and in terms of margin, when you look at fee revenue, that is really what is our economic driver.
Tim Gokey: Yes, thanks, Pete. That is -- as we look at the environment, first of all, in terms of the attractiveness of the price of assets, which even though the market has come down, is still not amazingly attractive. And then as we look at really prioritizing paying down the debt from Itiviti and getting to more normal levels of leverage. So I think it's never say never for the right thing. But really our emphasis is on paying down the debt at this time.
Tim Gokey: Yes, it is a -- I don't know if I would say it was necessarily stronger than the year before because we had exceptional position growth in the prior year. But when you look across the business, and obviously, we had really strong performance in customer communications on top of everything else this year. So it was a really good strong quarter for ICS. And the interesting thing, Puneet, that I want to make sure we call people's attention to is the revenue from new sales that we saw in ICS as well. So we do a lot of talk about position growth. And in the past, there was a time when ICS was largely just about position growth. But when you look at the revenue from new sales, it's a very significant portion of the growth this year, which is something that we think can be a long-term trend as we've really done so much innovation and new product launch there that is a much bigger component of the whole growth mix.
Tim Gokey: Yes, it's Tim. On that, in terms of penetration, I think that we saw, obviously, a very big jump up in that over the past few years. I think in 2019, we did 300 meetings. And then -- and we're 2,500 now. It is, I think, from here -- so then the first question is, will it go back? And I think what we're definitively seeing there is no. What we hear from our clients is once they have moved to this, they see the benefits. They see the increased investor participation. They see the convenience not needing to have people travel. All those things is obviously really the benefit. So we haven't seen people going back. So that's step one, which is very important. I think the growth from here will be much more incremental. It is -- many of the people who are going to make a decision have made it over the past few years. And do you think it will be a very solid offer in the future? But I don't think we expect to see the kinds of growth that we've seen in the past, with just very solid one at a time kind of growth.
Tim Gokey: Yes, sure, Patrick. There is a -- there's a sort of a revenue here cut that takes place as part of sort of the accounting of software businesses. And so when you look at the revenue that there was previously, there's a bit of a sort of downtick built in, in the first year, which we grew over and more. We'll get some of that back in this coming year. And so we'll have a nice continued growth this coming year that will be sort of above that high single-digit trend that Edmund talked about, which we see as a long-term trend. And so really, we have to measure it relative to our objectives, which was sort of on a like-to-like basis, it was double digit this year. And so we feel very good about that as well as the sales goals, which were -- when you think about $30-plus million on a $256 million business, that's a really nice percentage of sales relative to the base. And then the earnings was quite a bit above our expectations as well. So across all three of those metrics, it performed well. And then just the outlook feels really good, too, in terms of meeting our acquisition case and more.
Tim Gokey: This is Tim. I just want to thank everyone for joining us. We are really pleased with the performance we had this past year. We're really excited about the upcoming year and about the future for our company, our ability to help our clients and improve the lives of millions of investors. So thank you very much for joining, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
