Edmund Reese: Yes, I'll start off with that, Peter, and thanks for the question. Thanks for joining this morning. Yes, that is exactly what we're expecting for fiscal 2024. We've continued to see strong growth in both equities and funds. They are at a more normalized level relative to fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2022. So in our testing for the first half of this year is as I said in my prepared remarks, showing mid-single-digit growth, which gives us confidence in our outlook for mid-to-high single-digit growth in both equities and we expect the same thing in funds ending the year 8% with continued growth in passive funds there, we expect mid-to-high single-digit growth.
Edmund Reese: Well, look, we're certainly focused on our business and what's driving the economics here. I do think there was -- as we've been talking about throughout last year, delayed mutual fund proxy activity. And I don't think that's a choice that the business has to come back at some point. As I said in my remarks, we're not predicting any major fund to go to proxy, but the early signs as we begin to look at the jobs that we have for Q1 suggests that we are seeing some of those delays come into Q1. So I do expect Q1 to be slightly higher than Q2, but overall, the first half in line with what we've historically seen, which is just under a quarter of our earnings in the first half.
Edmund Reese: Tim, let me maybe just start off and give a little bit -- I'll talk about the first day and thanks for the questions, and I'll talk a little bit about the backlog, but I want to put it in the context of our overall 2024 guidance. And then maybe I'll turn it over to Tim to talk a little bit more about the closed sales. When you think about our guidance for fiscal 2024, there's a high level of confidence. And keep in mind, we're operating in this very volatile macroeconomic environment and continue to deliver the results that we just talked about for a moment. And as I think about our fiscal 2024 guidance, your point on the backlog is the first thing that comes to mind. Our continued conversion of the backlog to revenue, I don't think that there's anything in that backlog that's unique. We've said before that we see anywhere from a 12 to 18-month conversion cycle. Clearly, we are going to have the wealth management revenue come across earlier in this year from the backlog. But continuing to execute on that is what we expect and the cycle continues to be the same. Further, I think about the position growth that we have, and as I said, the testing that we're seeing now suggests that our outlook for mid-to-high single-digit position growth continues to be in line. That continues to give us confidence in our recurring revenue guidance. And again, we have a 6-month window insight upfront to look at that. And so if something changes, we have the time to react on that. And then our continued execution on margin expansion in our business to be able to drive the guidance that we have and coming off of 77 basis points for the last three years, we continue to feel good about that guidance. So nothing specific that's different about the conversion to revenue cycle. And those are the factors that I take in mind as I think about the overall guidance. And Tim, you might want to give some other comment on sales, if anything.
Edmund Reese: Dan, you called it out exactly right. I mean, that's exactly right. Again, 77 basis points over the last three years, 110 basis points this year. You exclude distribution and to be very specific the float income and that was over 60 basis points in fiscal 2023, which is what you called out. So those are the two items that really impact the reported margins, but had no impact on the overall earnings. And when you think about fiscal 2024, the same things are happening again. You have float income, which is a benefit to the reported margins, but have no impact to our earnings because we have the interest expense on the variable debt then you have distribution that's growing primarily because of postal rates that is a negative on the margins, but again, has no impact on earnings because it's passed through. So let's put those two items aside, and what you focus on is in the core operations of our business. Number one, we're absorbing the large amortization that's coming in for the wealth management platform, and that core business is again expanding by we said at least 50 basis points, right in line with our historical objectives and very much like what we saw in fiscal 2023 as well. And just the final point to answer to your question, what's driving that. It is the scale, the operating leverage that we have in our business as we bring on new clients; we do it at very accretive margins. And then you also heard us talk both in 2022 and again on this call about the continued disciplined expense management that allows us to create the capacity to invest and continue to deliver those earnings. So those are the right items, and I appreciate the opportunity to clarify that some.
Edmund Reese: Well, I think, Puneet, what you're going to see is a repeat of what I just said because I think it is -- I think you're going to continue -- I think we have a long runway for continued margin expansion. Let's put it in the context a little bit. I've now said 77 basis points over 50 basis points per year for the fiscal ‘20 to ‘23 time period. If you look back at the 3-year cycle before that, it was over 80 basis points per year and ‘14 to ‘17 over 50 basis points, I think 53 basis points sort of ‘14 to ‘17 period and look at what the drivers are of that margin expansion. One is the operating leverage. So scale, bringing on new sales without adding new expenses to drive that, our continued move to digital that is at a higher margin product. I talked on the call about the growth in the digital business and our customer communications business, and we continue to be more digital in our regulatory business as well and then the operating efficiencies. And since I've come on board over the past three years, I can tell you that the focus from the company on continuing to have that disciplined expense management really setting ourselves up to have investment capacity is what we've been focused on. So I do think that there's a continued long runway for margin expansion to be able to drive earnings and create room for investment capacity. And I don't think that's going to change anytime soon.
Edmund Reese: Yes. So we talked earlier Dan about initiatives that we took at the end of Q4 ‘22. So we're seeing the impact of that in our Q4, right in line with what we expected in growing over some of the investments that we have in two as well. I think those were the two sort of unique items that right in line with our expectations drove up the margin expansion in Q4 ‘23, just as we expected.
Edmund Reese: I think full year -- sorry, full year baseline, I think, is what you want to focus on. And I think the guidance that we put against that with the components that I talked about a moment ago is off of that full year baseline. In any particular quarter, particularly when you look at our first and second quarter, small dollar amounts can swing that margin. So I really don't look at the quarterly view of margin, but the overall full year number.
Edmund Reese: The only thing I'd add, Tim, to what you just said is a year ago, David we were talking about broad-based growth when you look at this. I think when we look now, we're seeing, again, continued large issuers and midsize issuer is showing the growth. We continue to see the strong growth on managed accounts. We continue to see the strong number of accounts increasing relative to -- versus the positions per account increasing. So as Tim just said, it is in a small quarter, so it's hard to get any specific insight at this point. But the trends are very much in line with what we've seen over the past year.
Edmund Reese: Thanks Michael. I'll start off with a few comments. I think it's actually -- the equity positions decelerated down to 6%. And we've seen over the last 10 years, 6% to 8% growth in line with the outlook that we have now from mid-to-single digits. So it was the equity positions that came down. Mutual funds continue -- they've been stable throughout the year, and they actually uptick in Q4 to 8% and ended for the full year at 8%. So again, I think all that just sort of boils down to the confidence that we have in the full year guidance in that mid- to single-digit range for both equity positions and mutual funds.
Edmund Reese: Patrick. I think what we said is that we expect our free cash flow conversion to be at approximately 100%. And that is -- we feel very good about that coming off of where we were in fiscal 2022 when it was at 48% because the client platform spend was elevated primarily driven by Wealth Management and the GPT in our platforms in the capital market space. We've now sort of completed that elevated investment level. So I think you're going to see more normalized client platform spend that allows us to get to that 100% free cash flow level, and we feel real good about that.
Timothy Gokey: Yes. Peter, it's Tim. I'll take that. And clearly, our sales ended lower than we expected even just three months ago. And as you said, that was really continued nice growth in the U.S. and then challenges in Europe. We are -- really the complex environment, whether that be war, whether that be the failure of one of the largest European institutions led to delayed decision-making. And as Edmund said, I just have to repeat it, that we think the impact of this is modest as included in our outlook 2024 is driven by the $400 million backlog. The color on drilling down further it's really across many of the solutions we saw slowdowns, and remember, our international business has driven a bit more on the GTO side than the ICS side. And there was really just decisional weakness both in post trade and on the Itiviti side. That is feeding in too because as we look at those opportunities, they haven't gone away. They haven't gone to a competitor, and that is what is leading to really a record pipeline as we enter the year. So we are -- that's why we feel good about the $280 million to $320 million guide for this year, which is obviously a strong recovery. We are anticipating continued nice growth in the U.S., and we're positioning ourselves in Europe so that as decision-making there unlocks, we can really let those things flow through.
Timothy Gokey: Yes. I just think, Dan, on sales visibility, these things are always hard to judge. It is -- and I'll reiterate that whether a sale finishes in June or it finishes in September or October for that matter, it really doesn't make much difference to our results. And I really go to the quality of the conversations, the need that our client institutions continue to express and their intent. And then beyond that, it just gets -- it gets bogged down in contracting in final lots of final details. And since the weakness was in Europe and Europe in the summer is not exactly a hot bed of activity, I'm not here promising that oh it just is going to happen in the next few weeks either. But I do have good confidence that it will happen in this fiscal year.
Timothy Gokey: Yes, Puneet, thank you very much for that. So first of all, just on the -- will it be back-end loaded. I think it is. As you know, our sales are always back-end loaded. It would certainly be my ambition that it might be a little less back-end loaded this coming year, but it's really no promise. It's very hard to judge these because there are large deals in there and the timing of those can just be hard to judge. What we will always do is each call based on where we are, we'll give you an update on where we think we're going to end up for the year. And then with respect to 2024, but what about beyond, that's a great question. As I said, we feel very good about 2024 based on the backlog we have and everything is baked into our guidance. When we look beyond that, as we think about the recovery we anticipate in our sales this year that really refills our backlog nicely. And we don't anticipate there will be any time where our on-boarding teams would end up with sort of lack of work to do. So it's really about the pace of on-boarding and we think we'll be in good shape for the midterm.
Timothy Gokey: Yes. Thanks, Darrin. We are seeing, first of all, everything largely, when you look at the ICS side of things, the communication side of things, the regulatory solutions, we're doing issuer what we're doing with funds. There's very, very good strength there in the U.S. We've seen that, and we have new things coming down the pipe that we think will add to that strength in ‘24. So that side really feels very solid. And then on the European side, the business mix, as I said, is more around GTO. So there's more technology solutions. That is more susceptible to decisions that firms make about I mean are they going to make this modernization now or they make it in the next quarter. It tends to be a little bit more driven by their budgets and their priorities. And those firms though are also under more stress. They have higher need, and that does create some volatility in terms of timing of decision-making. But we have, as I've said, a record pipeline, including the things that didn't get done in the last quarter of this year was just added to that pipeline. And so we feel very good about those conversations and the fact they will ultimately get done.
Timothy Gokey: Yes, Dave. So for Q1, we are -- what we see in our testing is I’m going to say on the high side of mid-single digit is what we're seeing right now, and that does tend to float up a little bit as time goes on because what the testing is we're making a poll right now. And so each week, it ticks up just a little bit. So it's really based on our testing. And as you know, it's a small portion of the year. And so it's hard to say it's fully predictive of the entire year, but it certainly gives us nice confidence. I can't really drill down by sector or other things.
Timothy Gokey: Yes. Thanks, Dave. And just as a reminder, which I know you know is that this is part of a very significant $16 billion market which has continued to grow. And we're really excited that we have exited the build mode and that we're into the selling mode with a good targeted sales plan. And as I said -- and I go on to say is our competitors are talking about what they will have, and we have that now. When we drill down into the specific nature when you look into our pipeline, we are seeing right now more demand on the component type side. It is, and that can be part of a bigger transformation but it is -- I think people are feeling much more step-by-step versus taking on large programs to work. And -- but that adds up across institutions. So we're seeing, as I said, good near-term demand around things related to adviser experience, progressions [Ph], alternatives. And then we are seeing longer-term demand on more foundational chunks that would be part of a longer-term transformation. But again, in a step-by-step kind of way.
Timothy Gokey: Thank you, operator. I hope you can tell how excited we are about our strong fiscal 2023, our outlook for 2024 and how well positioned we are for long-term growth. Speaking of long-term growth, please save the date for our 2023 Investor Day, which will take place in New York City on December 7. Thank you again for your interest in Broadridge, and we look forward to seeing you in December.
