Timothy C. Gokey: Yeah, sure. Darrin, it's Tim. Thank you. Thank you very much. We feel very good about – let me just step back for a second. We feel very good about the long-term trends supporting our business and supporting our organic growth and our overall growth strategy, and we'll talk about that in December. And definitely as we were looking pre-crisis at our preliminary plans, we had a growth rate that was more in the 6% range. And as we have evaluated things and looked at where we are now, we see a few different factors knocking a couple of points off of that. One is a more cautious view on stock record growth. That is definitely baked into our plan. I can come back and talk about it in a second. The other is interest rates which affect our matrix unit. And the third is a little bit lower revenue from sales, not because we don't think our sales will be strong, but just focus a little bit on the pace of client implementation. And so, those three factors, just about equally weighted, account for about 2 points relative to what we would have thought was our initial plan. And we think that is prudent and that we'll be in a very good position. I think that positions us well to invest and it positions us well to really undertake any variety of scenarios. I think also on the event side, we're being the same as flat to this year which is pretty muted. And so, I think that takes a lot of risk out of this plan, but it really enables us to focus it on the investment.
Timothy C. Gokey: Yeah, absolutely. So, first of all, on the stock record growth, we don't have a crystal ball. What we saw was certainly good stock record growth this year, lower interim record growth. So, when you average those two together this year, it was about 5% and we're going into next year looking at something that's a little bit lower than that. On how we benefit from the increased digital demand, we see it really both on the communications side. We're seeing good growth in our digital communications. We're seeing it on the data and analytics side. We're seeing it – we're very excited about the launch of our digitally based Fixed Income trading platform. So, we're seeing it really across lots of different arenas, Darrin. Obviously, the strong growth in Virtual Shareholder Meetings, which we expect to continue this year, was a real nice pickup for us. And so, it's really across the breadth of our product areas.
Timothy C. Gokey: Sure, David. We're seeing, I think, a really interesting tension there because their need is higher than ever. And then at the same time, because of all the complexity of everything's going on, there's a question about undertaking transformational projects. And so, I think one of the things that we really saw at the end of this year was a significantly higher demand for lots of smaller projects that can make a big impact. And so, we saw a lot of those and then some good medium-sized projects. And we were pleased that the derivatives deal that I spoke about, very transformational project for that institution and that's something they want to carry forward and move ahead with even despite the complexity of the pandemic and the complexity of doing everything remotely. So, we're seeing some institutions really moving forward strongly and taking advantage of this and investing. We're seeing other institutions hang back. We think the net-net of that, though, is going to be continued very positive sales. We did see really strong pickup in our international sales. So, our sales outside the US were up more than 50% and we see a continued strong pipeline outside the US as well, so really nice progress across the board.
Timothy C. Gokey: Yeah. Absolutely. So, that project remains really well on track. We are very pleased with the progress there. We're continuing to strengthen our wealth capability, not just with that project, but also with the M&A that we've done and with some of the smaller component sales. And I'll come back to UBS in a second, but just to reiterate the recent acquisition of the RPM acquisition, the Rockall acquisition performing really, really strongly. I think as we look at UBS and what follows on from it, I think what we're seeing from the largest clients now is interest in seeing that go live, so with lots of discussions, but very much wanting to see that go live which is on track to do. But what it is doing is it is increasing our credibility overall in the wealth space, and so we're seeing significant increase in demand across the rest of our wealth portfolio. As you know, we appointed Mike Alexander President in the third quarter. That's been a key step in making this a stand-alone business and his leadership is really helping us well. So, across our wealth strategy, we feel really good. The UBS piece is one component of that. Our component solutions is another piece of it, and the strength of some of the new acquisitions is a third piece.
Timothy C. Gokey: I will take a crack at that, but I'm looking also at our CFO to see if he has a comment which he may not. I think it is broadly relatively small in this coming year. And as you know, we've said 30e-3 is a very mild positive for us, so not – we really think about it, since the distribution piece is really low-to-no margin, we really focus on the recurring piece. So, from an overall recurring revenue and profitability, we see it as neutral to a slight positive. Specifically, on the distribution revenue side, it's a mild negative, but not something that is really materially changing the numbers.
Timothy C. Gokey: And just as a reminder, so that's the carryover impact and our guidance never anticipates any M&A that might occur in the coming year.
Timothy C. Gokey: Yeah. So, there are a couple of areas, Ken, where I think this is interesting. So, most of our investment over the past few years in data/analytics has been in serving the fund industry. We have a suite of solutions that gives the fund industry transparency into fund flows, their sales, their share performance. And one of the key things that we've really done in terms of investment is pull together data sets that used to be disparate and that fund companies used to have to acquire from different places and knit together and that was very complex for them. And with our global distribution products, they can now have retail and institutional North America, Europe, Asia and pull all that into one data set. And that is something that is really helpful especially for the largest global asset managers. So, that continues to be a real growth area for us. And in this period of uncertainty and volatility, they're looking for even more transparency than ever. The other one I will just mention is not – we don't usually talk about it relative to data/analytics, but when you talk about leveraging the data we have, we've been working for quite a while in terms of how do we leverage the fixed income data that we have. And we were making some significant investments in that the past few years and the AI-enabled Fixed Income platform that we're about to launch this fall is something that is going to really leverage that fixed income data in a way institution by institution. That will bring AI to fixed income traders, allow them to figure out natural counterparties for complex trades and enable them to carry out those trades. And that's one of the things probably in the whole company that we're most excited about.
Timothy C. Gokey: Yes. So, kind of about two-thirds of that is not yet live at all. So, we've got obviously really good visibility and a whole bunch of – a bunch of this is sort of pure growth as we onboard it, recognizing there'll be a really large piece associated with the UBS deal, which really won't have any impact in 2021, more of a 2022 event.
Timothy C. Gokey: Yeah. Puneet, thank you for that question. Broadly, the impact has been surprisingly low. And I'll talk about each of the different pieces. So, first of all, in terms of completing sales, obviously, we just had a terrific sales quarter. And to be fair, a lot of those sales were on the one-yard line at the beginning of the pandemic and we certainly saw institutions carrying on and finishing those. In terms of the sales cycle, obviously, we measure at each of the different stages in terms of pipeline creation and moving things through the pipeline. And we have seen modestly lower pipeline creation in the last 12 weeks. And I'll say it's a modest delta. It's not a huge delta. Part of it, Puneet, is we can't really be sure because, given the amount of focus that we had on closing that degree of business, it's very hard for us to discern whether lower pipeline creation is just our own capacity or anything that's going on out there in the world. So, that will develop. That is one of the reasons we're being slightly more cautious. But, again, it's a marginal difference. On the implementation side, we just finished the year of record revenue from new sales in terms of onboarding. We did see a few delays in some projects, but nothing canceled, just pushed out a few months. And we have built that into our plans for this year. And that is one of the things that was contributing a little bit to a bit of a decrement and a little bit more caution around our revenue outlook. That said, this next year is going to be another record in terms of revenue from newly onboarded sales. And as we think about our ongoing growth of the company, you know that revenue from new sales is a key driver for us. And that continues to accelerate and we see that continue to accelerate in the future. So, that remains a very positive solid long-term trend. This year will be another record. We just took our foot a little bit off the gas in terms of making sure that we are accounting for any potential delays that might arise.
Timothy C. Gokey: It's Tim, Patrick. Good morning. We had a really good sales year for BRCC this year, certainly the strongest sales that we've seen since it became part of Broadridge, and lots of solutions across both financial services, but other industries as well. In the fourth quarter, in particular, there were two really chunky deals, not mega deals, but two quite chunky deals: one from a large global bank and a piece of their business, not their whole business; and one from a large health insurer, which was a very significant part of their business. And so, we like that. As we talked about BRCC, as you know, one of our theses was really around using it to more deeply penetrate some of our largest clients, to bring digital sales as well as to drive bottom line. And if we look at BRCC this year, we feel really pleased with the performance at a very strong bottom line outperformance this year. Very good sales, stable revenue, off-boarding of that major client that we've always talked about complete. So, when you look at the different strategic indicators for this business, it is a positive traction on a number of fronts, not too early to declare mission accomplished, but very positive developments.
Timothy C. Gokey: Yeah. Very well. Thanks for that question. Look, just before I get to that, just stepping back for a second. Obviously, based on what we do, we're for investor disclosure and this really reinforces that. And we do well when the communications that clients receive are relevant and when the cost of that whole ecosystem is getting better. And as we think this change, if it is ratified and go through, will create more engaging communications, it will create a better digital experience at lower cost for the industry. And so, it's really a win-win-win and no one is better positioned than Broadridge. So, if you just get into a tangible example, now first of all, we did want to size for everyone sort of what is the amount of revenue that's sort of in these annual prospectuses. That's not all going to go away. There are chunks of funds that will not – it's optional. It's optional for funds. It's optional for broker-dealers. They're closed-end funds. There are some funds that won't elect to do it. There are some brokers that won't elect to do it. And also because of the fact that people still need to let people know about changes, we think this will lead to higher supplementals. So, that whole $60 million is not going away, but it does create new opportunity because this rule is complex to implement. There's a complexity of creating new summaries. A lot of that stuff, the big thick documents today, are offset print. A lot of these will be more print-on-demand. And then there's digitally hosting clickable layered content. And I just want to give an example. So, in January, we're going live with our 30e-3 solution. And this is something we're doing for the industry as a whole. And it's really neat. Because we send people a notice. On the notice, there's a QR code. You point your phone at the QR code and it brings up the document tailored to you directly on your phone. And we're introducing that in January across the industry. The fund industry loves it. And one of the things that's really done is to sort of introduce the idea of how Broadridge can help clients with these implementing complex new regulations and it really has started the digital conversation in a very serious way, so have been very positive. Now, you project that forward three years from now, funds are going to have real complexity to deal with. They have to create these new summaries. They have to host clickable layered content. And if you think about a solution where in the future where they file their long-form documents, we capture all those data points anyway. Within a couple of days, we present them back. Here's a summary in your color with your logo, composed and ready to go. You approve it and it's ready to be distributed through whatever channel with a hosted solution for clickable solutions. So, you can sort of really envision, Patrick, the kind of industry (01:01:19) solution it's going to solve a big problem for the fund industry. And so, only Broadridge is positioned to do that, and we're excited for the way that it is going to help our clients more deeply engage with their clients.
Timothy C. Gokey: Thanks, Rocco, and thank all of you on the call for joining us today. I just want to take a moment to reiterate our key messages. Our strong results highlight the importance of what we do and the strength of our business model. The pandemic has and will continue to accelerate the long-term trends driving our growth. Looking into 2021, we see continued revenue and adjusted EPS growth backed by a record revenue backlog. This outlook includes increased investments in products, platforms, and people. And finally, Broadridge remains well positioned for continued growth. We look forward to sharing more on our outlook at our Virtual Investor Day on December 8. Thank you again for tuning in today, and we look forward to seeing you then.
