Richard J. Daly: Thanks, Mike. Please turn to Page 9 for my summary wrap-up. I am very pleased with the great first half in fiscal year 2014. We experienced record earnings per share results with both segments contributing. Recurring revenue continues to be strong, led by net new business. Recurring closed sales are growing and we have a very strong and growing sales pipeline. Favorable market-based activities, such as increased equity trading, prospectus fulfillment and mutual fund volumes are having, and are expected to have, a positive impact on our results and continuing current market conditions. Our client revenue retention rate was a strong 98%, as expected. With this, we are confident in raising our recurring revenue guidance to the range of 7% to 8%, non-GAAP diluted earnings per share guidance to the range of $2.15 to $2.25; and free cash flow of approximately $300 million. Broadridge's business is a stable, recurring revenue model, with slight internal growth. Further enhanced by new products, both acquired or created internally and overall, proven sales execution. These are the primary components of our future, top quartile performance confidence. While the market has been challenging many times over the last several years, we continue to profitably move forward and we gain more momentum during periods of normal market activities. The Broadridge brand is well-known and highly respected for providing investor communications and securities processing solutions. Our brand will strengthen as we continue to expand our clients' awareness of our capabilities. Both of our operating segments are contributing solid top and bottom line financial results. These operating segments both generate stable recurring revenue and strong free cash flows with very high client retention and some historical internal growth. These factors, combined with the benefits of a disciplined E&A effort and strong sales execution, is the foundation of our long-term journey and total shareholder return goals. We will continue on our ongoing journey to sustainable, top quartile, stockholder performance for years to come and we will remain committed to building shareholder value through effective capital stewardship. This includes paying a meaningful dividend with a targeted 40% earnings payout ratio. We will reinvest in our business, including new product development, with a focus on the 3 key macro trends, this includes accelerating investment amount at opportune times and continuing with tuck-in acquisitions that have both strong strategic fits and financial return profiles. We will also opportunistically repurchase shares to offset dilution. As cash builds without tuck-in acquisition opportunities, we will again reduce share count through thoughtful share repurchases. We have the ability to accomplish all of the above while maintaining our investment grade rating, which we believe sets us apart from many other companies. We have a clear strategy for our journey. And together with our capital stewardship capabilities, we have created and expect to continue to create, sustainable shareholder returns. Finally, I'd like to take this opportunity to personally acknowledge our extraordinary and highly engaged Associates. Their commitment to the service profit chain was just again recognized, as Broadridge was named one of the Best Companies to Work for In New York State by the New York State Society for Human Resource Management. We have won this award every year since it was established 7 years ago. Our highly engaged Associates have enabled us to achieve our record operating performance, extraordinary client revenue retention rate and have enabled Broadridge to have a strong core from which to grow. I'll now turn the call over to Tanisha, the operator, and we look forward to taking your questions.
Richard J. Daly: Okay. Rayna, I really don't think much has changed. I just think we're adding more clarity to the dialogue. We're still targeting a meaningful number of the sales, less than $5 million. We're thinking a general range of close to $100 million. We're thinking larger transactions move us into the range. And in order to get to the higher end of the range as we've said, last year, and I believe even prior to that, we actually need the larger transactions to get us completely into the range and certainly we would expect them to be needed to get us to the higher end of the range. So I'm not really viewing this as anything new.
Richard J. Daly: Right, so I'll kick this off and then turn it over to Mike. One of the things we did here Rayna, in this call, was really try to highlight the 5 things that drive Broadridge and so I'm going to ask everyone if there was a more clarity that we wanted to bring to you and I think as our never-ending desire to be as transparent as possible is those 5 items and so it's the stock record position, it's the event-driven activity and then when we get to the trading piece, which is what you're talking about, it's because of a high fixed cost infrastructure we have that I'm emphasizing that slight changes in that revenue up or down, can have very good impact on the bottom line, or a tough impact that we need to manage through because of that high fixed cost infrastructure. So I'm going to turn that over to Mike to comment a little bit more about the trading-related activity and the SPS segment overall.
Richard J. Daly: Right. So we went into this year expecting a tougher environment than we've seen in the markets. We went into this year with a view that we could grow the topline. It's actually growing a little better than expected and that slight impact of revenue growth is in the first half of the year, where we're not contributing as much as the second half of the year contributes, giving us a very nice uptick when you do a percentage compare.
Richard J. Daly: Okay, so I actually view it as really 1 question about an update on that overall. We historically, on all of our processing transactions, have known it's a long sales cycle. So I don't really view there being any new news here. We're very, very pleased to announce the Soc Gen deal last year and that continues on progress. Since that deal has been announced, the levels of interest that we are seeing, that Accenture is seeing, has been and remains very strong. It is a relatively long sales cycle. There's lots of dialogues going on. You know from my positions in the past that regardless of how encouraging dialogues are, until you get through a contract process. These contracts are several hundred pages. Just for an example, which shows just the level of depth that it gets into, that this is a longer sales cycle. We remain very, very excited. Part of our excitement about our confidence in our future growth is that we expect this to be a meaningful contributor to SPS as we go forward and there's nothing that's changed in any of our activities and when I talk about a growing pipeline clearly one of the biggest pieces of that growing pipeline is the level of interest and activity we're having in dialogues as it relates to the APTP Accenture transaction and venture.
Richard J. Daly: Sure. Definitely, they're -- in what we break out is our less than 5 sales which we generally view will convert in less than a year. And our over 5, we felt was a very good way to give people a directional view and the timing of revenue conversion. There has been a slight delay on some of the revenue conversion that we would've expected. All right? Right now, given the strong performance we have, I'm actually viewing that in an ironic way, slightly positively. In that it will actually give us more benefit as we go forward and the markets have not only offset the benefit, but offset that and give us more benefit year-to-date than what we were planning on.
Richard J. Daly: Great question. So I'm going to take this and then ask Mike to give some additional financial color. So the key -- one of the key messages here, Pete, thanks for raising the question -- is that beyond raising guidance in our strong performance, we were also in a position to look at the opportunities we have to create more confidence in our future shareholder value creation goals and invest in activities that will give us more confidence to becoming a sustainable, top quartile performer for years to come. So we are very excited not to be spending money for the sake of spending money, but we believe we can accelerate some of the activities around the 3 initiatives we have, as it relates to opportunities to create future revenue growth. This ties directly to the 5 key variables and the things that have enabled Broadridge to outrun the financial crisis, to be in the position we are to create strong returns going forward, is very, very heavily driven by our own products that we've enabled, okay? Our emerging products that we've created, as well as maintaining this recurring revenue constant growth year-after-year. And as I pointed out, this recurring revenue growth is coming primarily -- or about 50% right now from E&A activities. Now we've put words in here very carefully and I'm going to ask Mike to comment on one-time versus run rate increases. But overall, you should hear from me as we look to the future, I am confident that the benefits of what we're investing in, both one-time and run rate, will give us more revenue growth and absolutely is a great opportunity for us to invest in, on behalf of our shareholders, to create value. Mike, why don't you talk a little bit about ...
Richard J. Daly: Absolutely. So first of all, it's not about getting the broker-dealers ready, all right? What we need is for them to work with us so that we can take advantage of the EBIP. But we anticipate the heavy-lifting on EBIP to be on our side, not on their side. And we are ready for that. So that is in place. There's 2 pieces to it and so with the fee adjustments that were part of the whole proposal, because remember, it was approving EBIP and a new fee schedule. And the fee schedule mix changes to some of the revenue we get, some of the revenue the brokers get, okay? That's where we're viewing it as being slightly positive. As we convert broker-dealers customers to being digital, okay? The new customers -- there's a new incentive fee because the SEC recognizes 2 things there. One is it ultimately saves issuers money and significantly, to pay through postage, and two, it creates a higher level of engagement with the investor. So those are the 2 goals the SEC had, that justifies the incentive fee and that incentive fee will be shared between Broadridge and the brokers is what we're anticipating. But the real benefit that we see here is this gives us just another reason, Pete, to be having conversations with our client about our deep digitalization strategies, about our Fluent strategy, and about how what we're doing, not only is working and proving to work and proxy what we've eliminated 60% of the paper. But think about what we can do for you in eliminating paper and creating a higher level engagement for your customers across all the activities you do. Whether it be statements, confirms, marketing information, et cetera, et cetera. So you combine that with what we announced with the press release in last quarter and I provided a little more highlight regarding Pitney and using Amazon Web Services, we're really excited and that's why going back to questions prior to this, we're making these one-time, either accelerated run rate activity or investment in Fluent, because we believe that if you look at Broadridge from a long-term opportunity point of view, it's something that we are very excited about and hope as people look at us, I'm not looking for people to plan a windfall next year or anytime soon, but view it as building momentum, call it EBIP, call it Fluent, call it the other E&A activities, for a sustainable period as we go forward.
Richard J. Daly: Absolutely. First of all, let me emphasize, nothing has changed. Our position here has been very consistent and I expect to remain very consistent. So we happen to have a business that we're blessed generates strong free cash flow. So looking at that strong free cash flow with a long-term perspective how to create continuing, top quartile total shareholder returns. So paying a meaningful dividend, which for us is something that we can very effectively do and still have flexibility beyond that is something that we've identified as we want to continue. So, we're right now, saying that we're targeting a 40% earnings payout ratio, and you should expect that to be in models that we give you as we go forward. Period. Two, we have found that tuck-in acquisitions have been very effective for us. We've talked about the revenue growth that's given us, we've talked about the EBITDA contribution it’s given us and we've talked about that combined with our own products that we've developed, being near 50% of our recurring revenue sales activity. So the second priority is to look for tuck-in acquisitions, okay? With the use of that strong free cash flow. Our criteria there remains very disciplined, all right? we will not do a deal for the sake of doing a deal. Our criteria is very high in terms of earnings contribution and the only way that's possible is that we identify products which under our umbrella are more valuable than where they are right now and more valuable than they would be to a private equity player who gets the lever up and we don't, as part of their return model. So we look for things that leverage our distribution channel. You shouldn't expect us to buy something that wouldn't be a natural thing for us to go to our customer base with and share with them, great news. We now own this product and it's going to have the rock solid performance of the rest of Broadridge's products, so you can now buy this with the confidence you by other Broadridge products. We target a 20% IRR on this. I don't accept in models that we put together, some crazy terminal value calculation. These are very straightforward models. We target to 20%, because sometimes things that can go wrong it's your cash, being our shareholders cash, and we want a good return of that cash, all right? You've seen in the past, when, although we've looked at and we're always looking at tuck-in acquisitions, whether it be fit or price, we didn't do them. And when we build cash, we believe based on our confidence in the future, there have been almost always opportunistic times to repurchase our shares. And when we've built cash and we didn't see an opportunity to do tuck-ins, we have repurchased shares and we're very, very pleased with the returns that we've created through that. But remember, E&A, emerging and acquired, has been part of the model that's enabled us to have the success we have today. So tuck-in acquisitions, which have enabled that success, will remain the second priority after the dividend and then the third priority, if that's not available, would be the opportunistically repurchase at opportune times.
Richard J. Daly: Well, one of the things that was included in the press release and in my comments in the past, is that Dan built a very strong organization. So Dan and I -- Dan was a great business partner to me. And so clearly, that is something that I'm looking to build and get to over time, and but it actually takes time whether it's an internal or external activity. When we look at Broadridge, okay, I consistently use across all of Broadridge, not in this activity and across every activity, as this business continues to grow and as we look at the opportunities as we have going forward, I'm always looking at a good to great model, which is do we have the right people on the bus? Do we have the right people on the right seats on the bus? And how do we get more of the right people on the bus? So unrelated to this activity, we've got lots of talent things going on, around strategy people, around people to do some of the execution across the 3 initiatives that we have talked about, and this will remain a very, very key focus. Now specifically, as it relates to this. This is all very new activity here. So I can tell you, I'm not even completely through my thought process. What I am looking at is as follows though: I'm looking at how well-positioned Broadridge is; I'm looking at the great opportunities we have; and I'm looking at who's the partner, okay? And what are the skill sets that I'm going to need to go forward with myself, Tim Gohlke and the other business unit leaders, to partner with us to take advantage of these opportunities to create shareholder value. So this is a process that we want to get through quickly. But we're really dealing almost in real-time here in terms of where we are at this moment, in terms of the need to identify someone going forward. And I've assured the board yesterday at our board meeting, and I assure everyone on the call, that we're making this with a long-term view and in terms of what's the right answer and the best answer for Broadridge as we go forward and create value. I want to acknowledge Mike and I have been working shoulder-to-shoulder for this past quarter, both the closeout, the first half of the year, to get ready for the board meetings, to get ready for this call. Mike's contribution -- Mike's effort has been nothing short of exceptional. And this activity, for Mike and for us overall, will enable him to take on more significant responsibilities, what they are, as we go forward and I'm particularly excited about looking at those opportunities for Broadridge and Mike as well.
Richard J. Daly: Okay. So we clearly are looking to bring in experts on these 3 initiatives. So 2 of the 3, being the digitalization as well as the data analytics. We are -- we have those activities going on. Now, spending money, as I tell the team all the time, is a lot of work. Spending at right, I should say, is a lot of work. So identifying what questions we needed answered, what opportunities we wanted to look at, took us a good part of the first half of the year on our own, okay, before we act and then we had to go through the process of then interviewing who we thought would best get us to those places. So we have those activities going on right now in both of these places. And that's why we said that the bulk of this money will be spent in the second half. After our first quarter, we knew that we would likely be in a position to be able to invest in the business. We wanted to continue to follow the trends, while we simultaneously -- and I should even say during the first quarter, we started ramping up activities beyond what we had already in our plan. In the case of Fluent, and you heard about the Pitney venture, and the Amazon opportunity, to be able to spend this content, with the value that we expected to have to our customers and the encryption capabilities both of which Amazon acknowledged in their quote in their press release, we have created that run rate all, right? And that's a run rate that we expect very good returns on, if not next year, certainly beyond next year.
Richard J. Daly: Well, I'm going to repeat what Mike said. $20 million is incremental, all right? And like you said, about $10 million we expect to be in the run rate of the $28 million next year.
Richard J. Daly: Okay. Let me say something. We're always investing in the business. So this was an increased investment level beyond the investment that we're always investing in the business. Okay? This is a long-term play. So we're not here thinking that the products that we have will get us to where we need to get to, even with our great returning revenue. Because what we've decided and very consciously decided, post spend, was that we're going to control our own destiny and the way to control your own destiny is to figure out how to control that topline.
Richard J. Daly: I'm not going to comment on whether it is or isn't. I did comment we feel very good about where we are with Accenture. And I did comment, we feel very good on where we are on, at least, a large transaction. So I leave that at that, all right? And I thought there was another part to that and I apologize.
Richard J. Daly: Again, one of your large transaction we're talking, it's not over till it's over. I made the comments deliberately so if you will interpret that I was thinking we're pretty close, I don't think that would be a misinterpretation.
Richard J. Daly: Tanisha, thank you. First of all, thank you to everybody for participating today. Mike, in particular thanks for your efforts over this last quarter. Mike, David and I will look forward to meeting with you in the near future. Let me remind you that next Tuesday, February 11, at noon, we're going to have our Investor Lunch at 1 Park. And we always love those dialogues. So anyone who would like to attend, please give David or our IR organization a call and we look forward to seeing you there. We're certainly going to encourage everyone to choose to have a great day and although there is still lots of snow here in Lake Success, it looks pretty bright and sunny to me. Thanks so much.
Michael Liberatore: Thanks, Rich. So in the first half of the year, the trading activity was approximately -- we saw internal growth of approximately 16% and that certainly contributed to the SPS's finalized [ph] performance. But equally important is the productivity savings that we've received from our fiscal '13 -- sorry, our fiscal '13 initiative and that has contributed equally to that performance.
Michael Liberatore: Yes, I just have a couple of points to add to that, Rich. Of that $28 million, think about $10 million would be in corporate higher run rate going forward but we haven't started our play process for the next year. But I can see about $10 million be included, part of our run rate. Also, that $28 million, a majority of that will be spent in the second half of our fiscal year, very little of it has been spent year-to-date.
Michael Liberatore: No. Not much. If we look at the quarter, about 2/3 of it is coming from retail about 1/3 is coming from institution and the sensitivity that we have shared in the past is about every 1% can drive between $750,000 to $1.2 million, depending on whether it's institutional or retail.
