Dan Sheldon: Thanks, Rich. I am now on Slide 7, our financial highlights. Rich already addressed our quarter, year-to-date and full-year revenue growth on a consolidated basis, so in the next few slides I’ll go a little deeper into the driver and also address the growth and margins in each of the segments.  Recurring revenue added 9 points of growth to both the quarter and year-to-date, and is expected to add 7 to 8 points for the year. About half the growth is coming from net new business and internal growth, and the other half is coming from acquisitions, including the completion of the original 50 million revenue from the on-boarding of Penson Phase 1 and 2.  As Rich discussed, event-driven revenues and related distribution revenues are slightly down for the quarter and year-to-date. So to recap the full year, we expect 7 to 8 points of revenue growth from recurring revenues and additional 1 point from distribution revenues.  Non-GAAP earnings before income taxes margins improved for the quarter by 130 basis points, and we are expecting 30 to 110 basis point improvement for the year. Our non-GAAP results exclude the impact of the following two adjustments: first, IBM migration costs were at $0.02 per share in the second quarter and we are still expecting a negative impact of $0.16 per share to our GAAP EPS for this fiscal year. In fiscal year ’13, given the timing of the conversion, we expect to see around a 15 million recurring savings in that year and building up to the 25 million average annual savings as we move into ’14 and beyond. Second, we did not see a meaningful improvement in our investment in the Penson stock price, so we took a non-cash other than temporary impairment charge of $10 million or $0.05 per share in Q2. Our free cash flow is in line with our expectations for the quarter and year-to-date, and we are still expecting the full-year midpoint to be around 160 million or 235 million, excluding the IBM migration costs. Let’s move to Slide 8, investor communications segment. Recurring revenues were up 20% for the quarter and are expected to be up 12% for the year. For the year, net new business and internal growth make up about 70% of the growth and acquisitions accounting for the remaining 30%. We were very happy to see the continued 99% client revenue retention rate in this segment. Rich has already discussed event-driven revenues, so moving on to our margins, we’re up for the quarter and year-to-date and are expected to increase 100 to 150 basis points for the year, driven by the scale in the business as well as the Morgan Stanley Smith Barney and the acquisitions adding approximately 30 to 40 basis points for the year. Let’s move to Slide 9, securities processing. We are really pleased with the continued revenue growth in this segment coming primarily from net new business and acquisitions, including the Penson outsourcing services agreement. We had strong closed sales this quarter, and given the last couple of years of closed sales activity that is now converting to revenue as well as the Penson conversion and our continued 99% client revenue retention rate, we are seeing significant increases in our margins. To help you understand the margins in this business, the incremental margins on our technology services alone should be in excess of 50%; and if a technology customer also purchases our outsourcing services, the incremental margins should be about 20 to 30% on the outsourcing alone. Therefore, an entity that buys both technology and outsourcing services like Bloomberg and Penson should generate incremental margins of about 40 to 50%, and this includes the amortization of any implementation costs. This analysis applies to both new sales and any client losses. Moving to trade volumes, in Q2 they were virtually flat versus the prior year and are slightly up in January; but the good news is our clients appear to be doing better than what we’re seeing on the overall New York Stock Exchange and NASDAQ, which were down for the second quarter. As mentioned last quarter, our revenue range of 10 to 13% is based upon what happens to trade volumes in the second half of the year. The high end of the range assumes trade volume growth in the high single digits, and the low end the trade volumes remaining flat to last year. Having said that, we’re still very pleased with the expected 10% revenue growth for the year coming from net new business and acquisitions, and the continued margin expansion in the core business. Rich, I’ll turn it back to you.
Dan Sheldon: Okay, well the guidance we’re giving at this point in time is for ’12, okay? We’ve given you an overall view of ’13. So let’s go back to ’12 – on the SPS side, as I mentioned already, if the trade volumes, the equity trade volumes remain flat, then we’ll see that there is really no internal growth; and if they come back like they did in August in a 10% kind of range, then we’ll see an additional 3 points.  As far as in the investor communications space, right now we’re seeing stock record growth virtually—we’ll call it flat, but we are still seeing the mutual fund interims up 8%, so we expect that to contribute around one percentage point to overall growth in the second half.
Dan Sheldon: Yes, so the way to think about it, Jim, is as follows – it’s primarily think about it as net new business, which is maintaining the 99% retention rate, as well as the business we’ve already signed and that’s already in our backlog as well as what we plan on doing for the rest of this year. We’re of course assuming, like we think about it today, one or two points potentially for internal growth overall across the Company, but not just specific to equity trade volumes.
Dan Sheldon: So Chris, think about the $30 million all related to event-driven, which means 20 million of it is postage, which doesn’t carry much profit at all, and the other 10 million is what we would call fees. We do have variable comp, and that variable comp as well as our holding back on some expenditures, is what’s creating us not changing our guidance of the $1.50 to $1.60.
Dan Sheldon: Right. So if you think about it, we’ve got about $7 million spent year-to-date, and we’ve got 33 that we’re planning on; so the remainder is going to hit us in Q3 and Q4, and pretty much a lot of it will be in Q4. All of our mainframes and everything that’s large will be pretty much done by June 30, so it’s some carryover expenses that we still have with ADP, and then with the savings we’ll ramp them up. That’s why we said look for the 15 million in savings recurring run rate to hit us next year and then our way to 20-plus as we go forward into ’14. 
Dan Sheldon: Oh no – for the year. For the year.Stefan Mykytiuk – Pike Place Capital: Okay, a few million for the year as a whole.
Richard Daly: Thanks, Dan. Please turn to Page 10 for my summary wrap-up. I am satisfied with our operating results for the first six months of fiscal year 2012. Revenues were up 11% as a result of strong recurring revenues driven by net new business, internal growth, and acquisitions; however, event-driven revenues have not returned. Our non-GAAP earnings were up 10 million year-to-date due to strong recurring revenues and our non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.27 were up versus $0.19 for the first six months of fiscal year 2011. I am very pleased that the Penson conversion is complete. We expect our full-year Penson revenue run rate to be approximately 50 million and we anticipate being break-even or better in fiscal year 2013 in our outsourcing business. We signed two meaningful BPO transactions during the second quarter which we expect will finally drive our outsourcing business to profitability. The IBM conversion continues to progress as planned. We believe the conversion will be substantially complete by fiscal year-end and we will begin to recognize meaningful savings in fiscal year 2013.  Our acquisitions are being integrated and we anticipate that they will contribute meaningful revenue and earnings to our fiscal year 2012 results. Overall, they are achieving near their hurdle rate targets and we expect stronger contributions in fiscal year 2013. Our full-year revenue guidance for this year is 8 to 9% growth and we are reaffirming our full-year non-GAAP diluted earnings per share guidance of $1.50 to $1.60. So how do I feel about Broadridge now and next year? I feel good. The reason I feel good is that we have been very transparent in explaining what we can control and what we cannot control. Our recurring revenues continue to grow due to our strong sales, internal growth, and acquisitions. I really like event-driven revenues; however, the range of event-driven revenues is primarily driven by mutual fund proxy activity and this activity is not predictable. The last couple of years, as you know, event-driven revenues have been weak. They’ve been weak to the point that there really is not a lot of downside left, so irrespective of whether they come or even slightly weaker next year, we believe the $1.80 earnings per share goal for fiscal year 2013 is achievable because of the activities we can control. Accordingly, if event-driven revenues return to near historical levels, we believe the $2 per share is equally achievable. Broadridge is evolving. We’ve got some new products that I am very pleased with. Some of them could turn into what I like to call hot products. Paladyne’s activities are about what we expected them to be since we acquired them. We are having some very good new prospect dialogues driven by potential clients’ views of Paladyne’s capabilities under the Broadridge umbrella. The assets at Matrix continue to grow and there are some larger opportunities out there for Matrix that could take it beyond its business plan. Access Data continues to have dialogues because of the Schwab activity and other new opportunities like that. At about this time last year, I asked you to look beyond the attractive earnings value that the Penson, IBM, and Morgan Stanley Smith Barney strategic initiatives would create. I asked you to recognize that beyond those transactions, we had many new product and revenue opportunity activities that were enabled through acquisitions or through our own internal development activities. By the end of this fiscal year, we expect the value of Penson, IBM, and Morgan Stanley Smith Barney to be almost fully in place. As we talk about the future, we anticipate that our recent acquisitions will add an additional 15 million in EBITDA in fiscal year 2013. We believe there are some meaningful upsides from these acquisitions and other internally developed products that could give us even greater growth. We are confident that we will continue to identify revenue growth opportunities that will position us for even more success in the future.  None of this would be possible without our engaged associates. I want to use this opportunity to express my gratitude to them for their tireless efforts to keep Broadridge the market leader. Our commitment to the service profit chain was again recognized as Broadridge was named one of the best companies to work for in New York by the New York State Society for Human Resource Management. It’s the fifth year in a row we have won this award, and we have won it every year since the establishment of the award. Our highly engaged associates have enabled our 99% client revenue retention rate and they have also led the successful integration of acquired products as well as the development of new products. It’s this momentum that will ultimately lead to the greatest value creation opportunities for our shareholders. I’ll now turn the cal over to Nicole, the operator, and as always we welcome your questions.
Richard Daly: Okay, good. I was ready to write all three down. Okay. I specifically went into detail on how strong everything but event-driven is, and I repeated it a number of times; and previously I’d talked about we had BCG do a study. We expanded that study with our own analyst group here and dug deeper, and we actually went into detail going back over the last seven or 10 years on the top 20 fund complexes. And what’s actually happening right now is they are creating a pent-up demand to some degree, all right, and to some degree there is going to be over—I’ll call it the next seven to 10 years, assuming that markets are normal activity, possibly slightly less activity than there was in total for the prior seven to 10 years.  So let me give you a little bit of explanation here. Historically Dan and I have talked to you about on average about 21 to 24% of funds have—of positions have activity each year, because as you know funds aren’t required to have an annual meeting but a meeting when an event happens that they need to go after shareholder approval. Now, the most significant event is a director reaffirmation where they need to have a certain percentage of their board approved by shareholders. We’ve historically seen that in weaker economic times that that gets managed more tightly, okay, in order to move the expense out. We’re certainly seeing that now. Now when we reviewed all the activity over the last seven to 10 years, we’ve seen that some funds are reincorporated from—for example, Massachusetts to Delaware, and also made some changes to their bylaws, okay, that would not require them to do or go to market for some of the approvals that they historically went to in the past. When we look at that, even though we’re trying to be more conservative than the original BCG study, that still takes us to about 16 to 19% of positions should go out on average on an average year. We’re right now at about 8, maybe 9%. It’s closer to 8% of positions, so at some point in time these things will need to go out there. Now, let me give you one last piece here, all right? Although there is not a formal retirement age per se, 69% of funds have formally adopted an average retirement age of 74. The average age of the independent director right now is 65, but again, you need a certain percentage approved by the shareholders; so at a point in time, we can’t stop the clock and people will have to go out there to reaffirm directors or they’d have to go out there and change their policy on retirement age, all right; and the reality is that people retire with or without retirement ages. So I know it’s a rather long answer, but what I wanted to give you insight was the deep depth of the study we did across all the activity of the 20 largest complexes that followed the BCG study. So we’re at what we think is about as low of a point as we can be right now. At a point in time, the activity has to come back, but we’re going to continue to give you a view with and without event-driven revenue, and even when the activity comes back, we’re going to give you a view with and without event-driven revenue because we’re really in no better a position than you are. We can share this data with you, but we can’t control the data.
Richard Daly: The stock impairment and Penson’s run rate really have nothing to do with one another, so the short answer is yes.
Richard Daly: I would add one thing because I didn’t mention it at all in the script. We talk about what we control and what we don’t control, so we don’t control the organic growth rates and we’re also still running at a historically lower level of organic growth than what we have traditionally done. But our path to ’13 and our guidance for this year is still planning on, I’ll call it the current market environment we’re in, and that’s why we are so pleased with the strong sales results and the building momentum that we’ve had in these sales results that you’ve heard in this quarter.
Richard Daly: Jim, you’ve followed us for a long time, even pre-spin; so there are two interesting dynamics. One, we’ve never had to my recollection across both segments, across the breadth of products the amount of net new business activity we’re experiencing, which is a very positive thing. We’ve also never had this long of a period of time where the organic growth has been this weak, and again given that we don’t control it, we’re not planning in what we can do for it to come back but we are planning to create greater shareholder value with the things we can control.
Richard Daly: Well Jim, one of the things we’ve talked about from the time of the spin is we’ve got 99% client retention, we have highly satisfied customers; and so one of the things we wanted to do both through our own development efforts and acquisitions efforts is broaden our product breadth, and we feel good about that. So an awful lot of this is coming from new products, acquired or self-developed. 
Richard Daly: Okay. My answer here is going to be limited primarily through the normal agreements we have with clients on what we can and can’t say. So once a client trips where we need to disclose them in our Top 15, from a FB point of view what we can and can’t say gets to be much easier. Bloomberg initially will not be a Top 15 client. Now, if you think about Bloomberg Tradebook and the limited time that that model has been out there and the success of the model, we’re really, really excited – one, because of the strong brand of Bloomberg; and two, because of the strong growth potential, all right? But if you look at the Top 15 clients, it’s going to fall below revenue on all of those clients and I really am not at liberty to provide any more clarity on that.  In terms of margins, Dan pointed out if you have somebody who is coming on for both processing and outsourcing, you’ll be thinking 40 to 50% incremental margins on a new client like that coming on, okay? And so that’s what I talked about in terms of meaningful margins, but we are more than just mildly pleased—you know, I’m ecstatic at this transaction because of the—I’ll call it the affirmation it gives our outsourcing model. That’s the primary thing I wanted you to hear in here.
Richard Daly: You know, Tien-Tsin, I love you for asking that question. I was reading this morning as I got up. I looked at my notes and I said, oh boy, I hope no one’s going to interpret it as anything other than just trying to add the clarity of with and without event-driven. I was so pleased when Rayna asked her first question because I wanted you to hear that event-driven can’t stay at this low level forever; I just can’t tell you when it’s coming back. This is the longest run for it to be in the trough, in the bottom of the trough. So no, we are not conceding the event-driven, all right; and one of the things I said in there is that there will be point in time that we’ll be talking about our earnings are ahead of plan because of event-driven beyond what we could have anticipated. And when that time happens, we’re going to give you the with and without event-driven for the next year which says if the event-driven dropped back down, it wouldn’t be the growth year-over-year only so you can model it the same way we’re going to model it, meaning we expect event-driven to eventually get to 16 to 19% of positions but that could be years. Who knows? Is it going to back to 15% in one year? I guess it could. Could it go to 8 or below 8? I guess it could. But with the average statistical mean being 16 to 19, us being at 8 right now and us being at, like, 9 last year, there is—and BCG’s study was there is a pent-up demand that’s going to build that has to come out at some point in time. So no – this is so you look at it the way we look at it. I fully expect it to be contributing and I fully expect to be talking about a point in time that I love event-driven revenue.
Richard Daly: If you look at the funds’ earnings performance, this is not their favorite period of time, right? And so by the way, Dan talked about $10 million and our need to manage expenses in response to Chris’ question. Think about the funds’ need right now, and if this is something where you can encourage a director to hang in there so you don’t need to go out to shareholders, I know if I was the CEO, if Dan was the CFO, what we’d be doing right now to try to push out that expense to a better time.
Richard Daly: And Tien-Tsin, an additional comment – the IBM transaction here is one very meaningful transaction. I mean meaningful in terms of the effort and the significance of getting it done. The team doing it here is well experienced at it because we converted from the brokerage group data center into a common ADP center a year or two before the spin. We will be off the mainframes and we have every expectation of being off the mainframes by the end of June – that’s the plan right now. There is some server clean-up activity that’s probably going to take us to about Labor Day, a little bit before that, all right? And so we’ll have – and I mentioned this last time – I said less than 10, I guess we’re sizing it in the 5 to 7 range right now in terms of what that expense is. But I’m feeling very proud of the diligence of the team. Think about the number of clients we need to interface with, including everything we do for a JP Morgan, and then multiply that by all of our clients out there. So this project is well underway. IBM is fully engaged; we’re fully engaged. The ability it gives us to scale as we go forward with IBM, beyond the initial savings, is one of the things I find even more exciting.
Richard Daly: It’s difficult to speculate whether or not proxy activity would be required. Regardless, regulation is a friend of Broadridge’s; so at the time of the spin, let’s go back to the (inaudible) notice and access dialogue. When I was saying—you know, historically I’m not aware of a regulation that ever hurt us. Some are neutral; most actually help us. Some people were thinking notice and access would be a bad thing for Broadridge, and we wound up making 17 million or so more in profit. Given what we’re doing with data management now through our Access Data unit, given some of the really neat dialogues – and I talked about Access Data potentially being a hot product as we go forward – this type of mutual fund regulation, particularly given what we’re really doing is helping funds manage the Street-side activity and given that that’s about 85% of the distribution channel right now, we don’t see how any activity there could hurt us that we’re aware of. It could help us and if it created proxy activity, that would be very nice; but we’re not planning on it in anything we’re forecasting here right now.
Richard Daly: What I was really saying is that—so for example, we already have a BPO capability that you’ve heard about in our processing business. Expanding that BPO capability to do more services across Paladyne, helping Matrix get more into the sell side where we really have such strong relationships, and expanding beyond their focus on the TPA model are things that are naturally evolving around here. That’s really where I was. I would say that the leadership of both those organizations is very pleased with the fit and the exposure we’re able to give them to opportunities that prior to be part of the Broadridge family wasn’t readily available to them. Now, we need to close them. These are larger transactions, and until you close them, as I pointed out to the leadership in these transactions, all we’re doing is taking up their time. But we do feel very good about the dialogues and the activity.
Richard Daly: The traditional business that we have right now and the traditional growth of the traditional business we have planned right now. It doesn’t have anything related to what I was referring to as this becoming a hot product.
Richard Daly: Well, as always, Dan, Rick and I are pleased to hear from you all. We will look forward to seeing you in the near future; and as always, I’m going to encourage you to choose to have a great day and try not to get hurt at the parade today. Take care.
