Richard J. Daly: Thanks, Jim. Please turn to Slide 11 for my concluding remarks before we open up the call to your questions. I'm pleased with our third quarter and year-to-date financial performance, which was primarily driven by recurring revenues, including net new business gains and the continuation of favorable market-based activities. Recurring revenue closed sales remain at record levels, increasing 14% to $27 million in the third quarter and increasing 75% to $108 million on a year-to-date basis. Given the strong year-to-date performance, we are reaffirming our full-year guidance with $108 million in sales year-to-date. We expect sales to come in at the upper half of our guidance range of $110 million to $150 million, which would be another record. We also expect recurring fee revenue growth of 5% to 7% and total revenue growth of 4% to 6%. Finally, we anticipate adjusted diluted EPS to be around the midpoint of our guidance range which calls for $2.42 to $2.52 per share for the full-year. I am very confident that Broadridge will continue to leverage its equities and unique positioning to introduce and develop the next generation of product solutions to further strengthen our existing client relationships and expand into new opportunities in the years ahead. Changes in the regulatory environment have created intense cost pressures, which have challenged firms ROEs and are driving the need for mutualization of non-differentiating costs and capabilities. Broadridge’s solutions, such as trade and back office processing, including APTP our position to address these needs. Broadridge has the opportunity to reduce print communications and create new more efficient content channels that will allow financial firms to improve communications with their customers creating a win for both our clients and for Broadridge. I remain enthusiastic about our digital strategy, which has already taken out over 60% of the paper around domestic proxy communications and where we together with our clients have saved the industry about $1.5 billion annually. Our emerging digital solution like Fluent and Inlet, provide Broadridge with an opportunity to continue to lead in this area. Lastly, we believe there is significant opportunity for us in the area of data and analytics. By its very nature, Broadridge has unique data assets like our data on every beneficial equity position for every investor that can add tremendous business intelligence for our clients. Broadridge’s Access Data and Shareholder Data Services are two examples of how our solutions are focused on this opportunity working with our clients. The financial services industry continues to evolve driven by these secular trends of mutualization, digitization, and data and analytics. The Broadridge business model has also evolved from being an entity that simply relied on market-driven transactional volumes to one that is now highly resilient with a balanced portfolio and a reduced reliance on market factors. Enabled by these key trends, we believe that there are multiple paths to achieving our long-term objectives. By executing against these opportunities, we will enable Broadridge to achieve our long-term performance objectives and maintain our trajectory to continue to provide top quartile shareholder returns over any multi-year period. Our business model builds off of a strong and growing base of recurring revenues creating a high-level of predictability. Since we held Investor Day in December, our message has not changed. Broadridge remains committed to delivering top quartile stockholder returns over any multi-year period and we are on track to do just that against our current three-year performance objectives. We believe that strong sales performance, a successful tuck-in acquisition strategy, and returning capital to stockholders will enable us to continue to achieve our three-year performance objectives and continue to generate sustainable top quartile stockholder returns over any multi-year period. We were off to a great start towards achieving our three-year performance objectives, which include recurring fee growth of 7% to 10%, and earnings growth of 9% 11%. Our focus now is on a strong finish to fiscal year 2015 and planning for another solid year’s performance in fiscal 2016. Finally, I’d like to take this opportunity to again personally acknowledge our highly engaged talented associates. Their day-to-day drive and long-term commitment are the foundation of Broadridge’s culture and I remain extremely grateful for all of their efforts. I'll now turn the call over to Janisha, the operator, and we look forward to taking your questions.
Richard J. Daly: Sure. So Dave, what I really do love about this trend of mutualization is that this is what we’ve been doing forever. I'm not talking about just as Broadridge, and I’m not talking about when I sold my communications business ADP back in ’89. I’m talking about when Henry Taub founded the business in 1961, the Brokerage Group, not the Payroll business. And so, this unnatural extension in terms of all the products we have in fitting into that mutualization category. So I’d put that into the bulk of it. Now with that said, mutualization also applies to the communication space and we continue to have wins in that space where it’s just more efficient to outsource that. And we continued to add data and analytics capabilities and something -- a good example is our Bonaire acquisition. It’s something whereby that gave us both data and analytic capabilities, okay, as well as mutualization capabilities, it’s tied specifically to expense management, but its really slick rules based engine. So, Dave as you and I have talked about its not when you look back and you say, well this is a hot product or that’s a hot product. We have hot trends and a number of products a large, good effective number of products that fit into the hot trends. But in virtually every case, we’re enabling the client to outsource a non-differentiating function and in some cases giving them differentiation beyond what they already had. And in old cases giving them a lower cost and most importantly far better functionality with all of our data security capabilities which the industry continues to view as a benchmark whether it be for a vendor or an internal standard. So all in all it’s the products that moving in the right direction and one last thing Dave, that’s why adding this tuck-ins to take advantage of that overall brand halo the distribution channel and the trends, and getting these products to all level of industrial strength and data security also gives us momentum and confidence in these tuck-ins.
Richard J. Daly: Sure. And Dave, we had an unusual year last year as you know, a very unusually successful year. And beyond beating guidance and adjusting guidance up, we also ramped up internal development. And when Jim joined us, we sat down and we said, we’re really where we should be. So given that we’re comfortable where we are, I’d say that we’re executing the year, and there’s always gives and takes, all right. And there’s always something that are not exactly what you anticipated at the beginning of the year. But all in all I’m very comfortable with the level of investment we have and that level of investment enabling us to drive to the three year objectives that we laid out. One simple example of we planned on more cyber capabilities this year and I’m sure when we’re done adding up everything for the year we’re probably going to have spent a little more than that we even planned on. Ultimately I view that as part of being in business. But I also I’m ecstatic that the things we’re doing and investing in the business whether it be product, resiliency or capabilities are all things that are further differentiating Broadridge to enable us both to retain the clients we have as well as attract new clients, because we really are a very safe place to do business with from a functionality, reliability, resiliency and security point of view.
Richard J. Daly: Sure. So, Dave we’re six months about past investor day and I’d say we’re right on the line of everything we laid out, right down the middle of the fairway. So, I feel good about where we are. I have talked about this many times. Tuck-ins are things that we can generally get our hands around. Tuck-ins are things that we can dive into, we can integrate more easily. And so, again I’ll never say never to a larger transaction. I still can't think of one that I think that the risk is something that I would be comfortable with at this point in time or that the fit is completely comfortable. So, given the success we’ve had with tuck-ins, you should believe that it’s the success we’ve had that more than likely will drive us to stay on that same path and we certainly feel good about the transactions we announced in this quarter.
Richard J. Daly: Okay. So, the answer though is going to be, kind of sort of yes to all of the above. All right, so what do I mean by that. When event driven went down post the crises, the data and the studies we did without site consultants and ourselves said that although it was unlikely particularly with a lot of the Boston funds reincorporating the Delaware. It was unlikely that we would average between 20% and 22% of fund positions going forward. It seemed just based on the normal mortality of fund directives that we really should be in the 15%, 16% range, and yet for years we were below that. Until the year is over, because the answer that kind of sort of yes, is a couple of funds will always drive this for the larger funds and depending on what quarter they fall in, it will look like either slightly ahead, slightly behind for where we were thinking we’re going to be for the year. So this is one of these things where unlike proxy season and Broadridge overall well we know, the majority of our year and earnings are going to happen in the last quarter. This is something where it’s going to be driven by the timing of those boards and when they decide to go to market. With all that said, we believe for a long time that the mid-teens is about where the mutual fund activity should be. If we had to guess right now, it kind of looks like that maybe what we’re tracking for this year. And so, I do believe that the data says that on average that’s where we should be going forward. But it will very unlikely be, so if you want to pick the midpoint 15% or mid-teens, it’s very unlikely it will be 15% a year every year. So it could still be 10% or it could be 20% but its likely more to be closer to that midpoint separating out any other anomalies. We like the event driven revenue. We like it because it grows with fund positions. We like it because its good revenue that fits very well into our relatively fixed cost infrastructure of the communications machine and so, we are particularly pleased this year to be back to average.
Richard J. Daly: Sure. So, George it is 75% and we are very pleased and I jokingly say, my cardiologist is very pleased. Because for whatever reason we always seem to be back ended on the sales and this year we started right out of the gate strong. We had a record, first half record year-to-date where we are right now. Timing always comes into play. To me the most important thing is, is what you heard me say earlier today, we’ve got a lot of product that aligns with what the industry needs. And so, larger deals this year have certainly helped us. We’ve got lots of things that fit into I’ll call it the blocking and tackling category as well and so, even at this point I can't tell you with certainty what the number will be at the end of the year and I can't tell you with certainty, if it would be above or beyond the high end of that range. And I’m never going to raise guidance on anything unless there are no guarantees but unless I can say with a high level of certainty. We feel good about sales, but its not the year, we feel good about sales momentum overall and what it means to our three year objectives we laid out on investor day and George that’s what's driving this management team. If there’s an opportunity to do something in this plan that we think enhances our ability to deliver a number next year and beyond, you should expect us to do that rather than jamming something into this year even given the fact that it is so much fun if and when you ever get to beat guidance to announce it.
Richard J. Daly: Okay. So, I’m going to stick with and you should not read anything into this. At 61 years old, if I think about all the things I said I would never do when I was 18, never say never is a life philosophy for me as much as it is a business philosophy. Let’s stick though to the real key thing of, why Broadridge is Broadridge. We laid out in Investor Day clear three-year guidance. We think we have the opportunity to create shareholder value heading down what is a reasonable path with understandable risk opportunities and challenges and that we can execute against that and create top quartile shareholder return over that period of time. If we were going to look at a transaction and a transformative transaction, I don’t know how I could easily say to our shareholders what I just said to you about the path we’re on right now. So, no one has every presented any large transaction, and look I see my fair share of bankers and I have a very high regard for them. But one, they show me and here’s the core synergy number. I say, wow that’s a great number. Tell me how you get to it. And if it’s well, there’s got to be $200 million of benefit in there. That doesn’t fit on normal strict criteria of understanding the financial risk et cetera, et cetera. When they say there’s got to be product synergy I say, great. I love product synergy. When they come in there’s got to be tax benefits. I say, I love tax benefits. And by the way, even on the tax benefits I often walk away very unsatisfied at the answer. And so, if we’re as focused and one would even argue [indiscernible] as we’re on a tuck-in. It’ highly unlikely that we would be able to get to the level of comfort we would need to on something that would completely derail our three year plan and create an entirely new model. Now, if we were a business that was saying, we have to transform where we are to another place. We don’t have the growth in the markets we’re serving. We don’t have the products we need to go forward. That would be an entirely different story, but that’s not the Broadridge story. The Broadridge story is, on Investor Day we laid out a plan, that we believe is tangible, is understandable and is executable. And you should be leaving this call thinking that’s what our intention is to do. We’re always interested in ways to create greater value, but we’re not -- we have no need to create any significant amount of risk particularly given the huge market opportunity we have right now.
Richard J. Daly: I’ll start with that and Jim you can go in there as well. I’m very pleased with the momentum of sales. I’m very pleased with the momentum in the sales organization, and I’m very pleased with the changes in the organization in particularly Chris Perry joining us as the leader of these revenue activities. That momentum is going to continue to build. But we laid out clearly we wanted to transform and this starts when Tim Gokey was doing double duty for us and Tim identified a need for us to have more consultive approach. And so, Tim started those efforts. Chris is doing double duty on those efforts. But I particularly on some of the larger transactions and some of the larger dialogues we’re in, the investments that we made in sales, one would say we’re getting a very good return on. And as we all know, when you make an investment into something intangible like that, its normally pretty difficult to say whether you’re getting the return that you’d hope to get or not. In this case it’s not difficult. Its pretty clear we’re getting a pretty nice return and we fully intent for this momentum to continue and that also ties to product management, that also ties to ensuring that we have more product whether it be building or acquirings with tuck-ins to drive to the market and take advantage of our brand distribution channel and the industry’s need to mutualize non-differentiating cost and create better functionality through vendors they can trust.
Richard J. Daly: Sure. It is a transaction that the world is watching, certainly the international world. The operations piece has gone live. The processing pieces are taking a little longer than originally hoped. It is very complicated. One thing about Broadridge, they’re usually very clearly. So in terms of the processing piece, it’s our technology and Broadridge has been at this for 50 plus years, I’ve been at this for 25 plus years. We have never not successfully completed a conversion and we’re well on the path to doing that. This was to some degree uncharted waters because of the new nature of what we’re doing in Europe, Asia, the Middle East et cetera. And having an announced second transaction 2016 is going to be a pretty big year for all of this activity and the dialogues that we’re still having with entities out there as they watch to see these transactions go live and as they recognize with their pressured ROEs and the need to mutualize cost, non-differentiating costs of this nature. We think that this, the timing and the importance of this utility is going to serve Broadridge, Accenture and our clients extraordinarily well. It has been a lot of work and I think its work and by the way it’s been a lot of work in this cost related to that work. But as work and cost that we think also adds to our confidence as we look at our three year objectives as we go forward.
Richard J. Daly: Okay. So, there is the ROE pressure, as well as the regulatory pressure need is clearly driving lots of activity for us, at the same time they are going to be forced to look at their business models. In terms of certain aspects of the business high frequency trading and other I’ll call it program activities where there has been risk that has been flushed out. Those businesses historically have not contributed significantly even though we do the processing but processing that doesn’t require asset servicing beyond it where it nets out at the end of the day, are those type of activities really provide pretty low revenue and low contribution to us. There have been many times during these calls, questions from clients who are in these businesses saying, see our trading volumes are down, why aren’t your trading volumes down? And its not that the trading volume wasn’t down, it was that the revenue we were getting from those trades was less made -- far less of a revenue contribution than the percentage of trades that represents and that’s why we actually in our trading and GTO had revenue that at times seen counterintuitive to volumes being down at our clients. With that said, taking more the functions out which is then clearly part of the sales of this year, that same activity that’s putting pressure on them in these businesses has made them more willing even if they’re already using our technology on an ASP model to say you know what, let me become one of your outsourcing clients as well because I have to find a way to lower cost. Because it’s both a revenue challenge in terms of what the regulators are allowing them to do, as well as the cost challenge of running the business all of which nets out to the same ROE dialogue. So in my perfect world, I wish that everybody who wanted to outsource and their volumes were going up simultaneously. Historically there has been a less of a willingness to outsource or mutualize cost when everybody’s volumes are going up and everybody is making more money. So, I don’t think we’ll ever have the perfect environment but right now the environment of people’s willingness to shed activities to us is about as high as I can recall it being in my carrier and they’re still going to need things to do to be in business. So I just don’t see them getting out of equities or fixed income on a complete basis and the pieces that they’re likely to do going forward we anticipate being the pieces that we do get paid the full fees for which require all of the asset servicing and the other activities. Not perfect, but it’s been something we’ve been living with really since the financial crises.
Richard J. Daly: All right. Well, first of all thank you for questions and certainly thank you for your participation. I got to find my date here for our Investor Day. So on Tuesday, May 12 in New York City we’re going to have our Investor lunch-in. Jim, Brian and I look forward to meeting with you hopefully at that lunch-in or if not, in the near future, and again thanks so much. Choose to have a great day. We’re certainly going to do that here at Broadridge.
