Rich Daly: When we set out this year one of the key questions that people asked us was you’re planning on a big increase in event driven and then with the two key jobs of American Funds and iShares we would up being $60 million even over the large increase we had planned. As I’ve often said, I really like event driven because it’s our strongest CAGR, it’s just in any given year it’s very difficult to see out more than three months, six months the most.  There is a possibility of very strong activity next year over any period of time we believe that it will continue to grow because the mutual fund positions are growing even in this market. It’s very difficult to say specifically where we’re going to be next year at this point; we’ll have a slightly better view in August. Long term we believe that event driven in the mutual fund space will continue to be strong.
Rich Daly: In terms of the buy backs, what we specifically said was we’re going to look to offset the $0.07 share dilution so you can do the calculation of about how many shares that would be. In terms of acquisitions, what I said was that we have had $70 million over three years versus a desire to do between $50 and $100 million. Again, with that said, we continue to actively look and I would like to believe that as we go forward we’ll be more successful in identifying targets that fit our space exactly as we would like it to and create better revenue and earnings opportunities. As we go forward we expect to be more successful there, let me emphasize though we’re not going to lower our standard and we’re not going to lower the fact that we’re going to remain very selective.
Rich Daly: I listened to the commentary on Friday, over the weekend, and even this morning, it’s still a highlight on the news radio 88 updates at 5:30am and 6:00am in the morning. First of all, Broadridge, our systems performed very well throughout that process, I’m pleased to state. In terms of what this means to our markets, I would expect that there’s going to be some changes at the exchanges and I’d expect that we’ll be well positioned to manage those for our clients and against it’s an advantage for our clients when something like that happens. Beyond that, this is something well beyond Broadridge in terms of a market making activity, the program trading activities, and the off exchange activity. I would expect that there’s going to be, if not regulatory activity, I’ll call it industry activity to ensure that the real companies don’t go to a value of zero because of imbalances.
Rich Daly: We now, as we mentioned we’ve been upgraded and we have the ability to take on additional leverage to create value. We don’t anticipate, because of the freeing up of the cash from Penson to have to take on additional leverage though to buy back the shares to offset the dilution at this point in time.
Rich Daly: I would add one other thing. We would like a stable market; we would like retail to return. I don’t think last Thursday did anything to help those events taking place, both a stable market and retail returning.
Rich Daly: I’m delighted you raised the fact that we added Tim and it was probably an oversight on my part to not include that in the script. We believe we’ve been very successful in executing against the strategies and in my summary I highlighted a number of them which we feel very, very good about. That doesn’t mean we’re satisfied in that we don’t want to do more and by bringing in someone with Tim’s background and experience shows our commitment to create greater top line and earnings growth. The focus with Tim now running the strategy group and the M&A activities is to be even more successful as we go forward. Tim though will be part of the same mindset we have here which is we acquire something, we’re acquiring it because we believe when we own it it’s going to be worth more and we’re not going to go into space where we don’t have expertise in but we think with the expertise we have in both communications and securities processing there’s good opportunities and now it comes down to can we get those opportunities at a price that we believe would be attractive to our shareholders to create greater growth as we go forward. What you’re hearing is our focus and intent is greater than ever in achieving this but our mindset and how we achieve it isn’t changing.
Rich Daly: One of the things that we find in the outsourcing agreements is that although we’re taking over the systems and the people there’s a systems infrastructure there that sometimes is a challenge for the client to right size. What we believe is when we go in now to market with IBM as a strategic alliance partner what we’re actually going to be able to do is take over the systems, the people, and the infrastructure which really will create not only a very significant additional cost opportunity for the client but it will also create a far better way for the client to manage the transition. I’m expecting and planning on my calendar in the near future to be going out with IBM senior management to be visiting a number of large prospects where we both have strong relationships and we’d like to believe that this will enable some of these clients to be more confident to make the decision to outsource to both Broadridge and IBM as we go forward.
Rich Daly: Right now its systems and people, now its systems, people and infrastructure. That’s going to be very compelling and some significant see sweets out there.
Rich Daly: We bought back a small amount. There were some issues about what we could or couldn’t buy. We run and get a much firmer handle on a clear closing on the Penson transaction, we remain very confident it’s going to close in this fourth quarter and we bought back what about 500,000.
Rich Daly: We like everything you just said, we really think we’re well positioned to create value across all the levers that we can execute against which is the dividends, which is the buybacks, and which is the acquisitions. We’re going to look to manage those to the maximum benefit to create shareholder value. We have the options and we have the cash and because of our strong free cash flow we’re confident that we’re going to continue to have these options as we go forward looking to create value for the long term.
Rich Daly: As you’ll recall when we announced the Penson transaction the thing that we were so excited about was that we would be exiting the clearing business and the conflicts that the clearing business had for a pure processing play like Broadridge. At the same time, at the end of that transaction we would have about $100 million in revenue in outsourcing and be well on our way to having incremental profit from that outsourcing. But we have to go through the conversion of Penson’s existing business and moving it onto our outsourcing platform which will take somewhere between 12 and 18 months after the close.
Rich Daly: As always, Dan, Rick and I really appreciate your participation. We’ll look forward to seeing you in the near future. You guys choose to have a great day.
Dan Sheldon: The only thing I’d add on to that is the proxy specials and contests, there’s more M&A activity out there we would have hoped for a little bit more activity as far as the revenue goes but right now we’re not seeing any of it. The other piece that’s called mutual fund supplementals which means it’s not part of the semi-annual or the annual mailing; just haven’t been there this year. It’s really hard until we start seeing a trend to predict what we would think for next year. I think we all believe that it can’t go any further down so that’s what I’d leave you with.
Dan Sheldon: Remember that last August we announced that we had $10 million authorization from the Board and we spent $6.6 million of that authorization so therefore that leaves about $3.4 million and we’ve talked about buying back shares to avoid the dilution from the Penson deal so obviously that’s why we’re talking about additional authorization.
Dan Sheldon: I would totally agree with that. I think the other thing though, on the trade volumes, so everybody knows, those trade volumes on last week late in the week jumped up 20% so we went from $1.5 to $1.8 million. I’d love nothing more than that to stay at that rate but what I can really see out there is that the April time period we were talking to everybody where we saw a little bit of an up tick and a return of the retail side maybe right now we’re looking at two or three points of growth right now from where everything sits. Again we’ll wait and watch this week. I don’t think $1.8 million is going to be sustainable for any long period of time.
Dan Sheldon: Onto that piece, was Tien-Tsin this ties back to what he was talking about with cash versus debt. We do feel that we’ve got the cash and the right amount of cash to what we think is appropriate with share buyback, especially in light of the Penson deal but also we’re going to make sure that we have room in our debt capacity for the tuck in acquisitions or other things that could come along.
Dan Sheldon: Totally agree with you and I think you said the right thing, you said options. We’re looking at all three of the triggers; we look at the acquisitions, we look at cash we want to have on the balance sheet which we said should be approximately $100 million, and we’ve also said that we look at what buybacks would potentially be.
Dan Sheldon: There are two pieces; one is the sale of the contract and that is out there as far as you’re going to get probably a third of it which right now we’re using a range of call it $40 to $50 million so we think a third of it will come in the form of stock, Penson stock, and the rest will be in a five year note. When we’re talking about the dilution, what that is, is the run rate dilution.  If you remember what we talked about last period was there’s $50 million of expense right now that is sitting over is discontinued operations that as soon as we close this deal comes back into the operations. That was back on that slide that we can walk you through at a different time or offline. I don’t have the slight right in front of me but that’s when we called the evolution of Penson deal.  That’s the one that shows you that when we bring back in that $50 million it takes us through the time of conversion, by the way page 15, until it’s full converted, until such time that we would say we’d be at a negative 10 to break even on the bottom line. That’s what I think the two pieces are that you’re looking for.
