Timothy Gokey: Sure, it's Tim. I will start, and then I will let Matt comment a little bit more. I would say first of all, just in terms of guidance, we were rather pleased with the strong start of the year. And as we said, it really confirms our confidence in the full year. We are -- as I said, we're seeing strong stock record growth and we're seeing good trading volatility as well.  When we think about what it would take for the top and bottom ends of this, it really comes down to continuing to see the growth that we are seeing, Darrin, in position growth and in what we're seeing around equity and fixed income trading volumes. So let me just hand it to Matt to comment a little bit more on the details of that, and then I can finish up. 
Timothy Gokey: Yes. Absolutely. And the one thing I'd point out when we talk about the comparison to last year is that last year's first quarter had an important strategic sale in it. And so it was, by far, a record. So this is our second highest ever, first quarter. And if you take out the strategic sale from a year ago, we really -- we like the way the comparable lines up.  I think, generally, we are seeing the pandemic, as I mentioned a moment ago, is accelerating the trends that benefit our business model. And as we look at what's happening on the sales side, certainly, we're seeing continued ability to close sales, so that's good.  I think the other piece is just what are we seeing in terms of pipeline generation. And we feel pretty good about that. We are -- we generated a pipeline in the first quarter. If you look at our core deals, taking out the strategic ones above last year and above our 3-year average. And longer term, probably not for this year, but there's some longer-term more speculative conversations that are very promising.  So I think overall, we feel good about sales for the year. We're holding guidance at this point. But I think we'll feel that they'll come in very solidly. 
Timothy Gokey: Yes. And I'll let Matt comment on this as well. Let me just say a couple of things and have him comment. But certainly, pre-tuck-in M&A is an important part of our balanced capital allocation framework, and we've been pretty active over the past few years. I think you know that our strategy is very -- or tightly aligned with our franchises, which I think has given us attractive returns.  At the same time, what we're seeing right now is pretty high valuation levels. And so while we continue to look at lots of things, the levels are high. And so we're being very cautious. I think if you do see us transact on the M&A side, you'll know that it's something we have real conviction in and that we think really aligns well strategically. Let me just let Matt comment a little bit more on overall capital allocation and balance sheet. 
Timothy Gokey: And I'd just add one thing. The first quarter, it's a small quarter. There's sort of a lot of small numbers. So while the revenue grew 35%, stock record growth was 16%. And the -- there are always a few one-offs sort of in the previous year or this year, they can make the percentage changes in revenue look, sort of unusual in such a small quarter. But I think keying off that sort of greater than double digit for the first half is the right way to think about it. 
Timothy Gokey: Yes. I would say, first of all, it has been -- and I'll let Matt add on to this, but it's been strong across the board. It has been certainly strong at the large online brokers. And the -- some of the other ones you mentioned are -- while they had very good growth, they're small enough that it doesn't really affect us.  And Robin Hood is, certainly, a phenomenon -- is not a driver for Broadridge. But really, if you look at specifically the large online brokers, big changes there, 20-plus percent and -- but really good strength across the board to get this number. 
Timothy Gokey: Yes. I think on the -- for mutual fund consolidation, we, certainly, are seeing consolidation. I think we would expect there to be ongoing consolidation in the asset management industry. I think you have to disentangle the long-term impacts and the near-term impact.  So let me just start with the long-term impacts, which is we get paid, as you know, by position. And typically, the positions don't go away. So when 2 companies come together, it really -- it doesn't necessarily affect us one way or the other from a long-term perspective.  On the near-term perspective, it's definitely true that typically, they have to go to a vote for the shareholders and that, that can create some near-term event-driven activity. 
Timothy Gokey: Yes. Absolutely, Puneet. So on the sales pipeline side, and it's definitely something that we have been monitoring to understand because we had -- clearly had a very strong Q4 and many of those had already been originated and run the one yard line. So what -- we definitely learned is we can close. And so we've been monitoring around whether we can originate new opportunities.  And so now I think the larger opportunities are a bit lumpy. If you look at our sort of core opportunities outside of the strategic sales, what we're seeing is nice growth in those year-on-year and a nice multiyear trend of growth in this quarter being really a continuation of that trend. So I'd say, on track.  If you turn it to the implementation side, I think that one of the things that has been surprising to us, although we hear it from others, so it's not, not unique to us. It is being experienced by the industry is that our productivity in a remote environment has been -- really has not been effective. It is -- if anything, it's slightly better. And in particular, our ability to engage our more remote teams where we have -- maybe have skills that are geographically separate, our India team.  All of that is working extremely well. And so we really have not seen any slowdown in the pace of client implementations. And similarly, in terms of clients' ability, the one thing that we've been worried about is would they be able to focus on working with us. And we haven't seen that to be affected either. So our productivity and their productivity really has continued to be solid. 
Timothy Gokey: Yes. Great question, Puneet. We are really using this opportunity. Let me just talk about sort of the future of work for a second, and I'll come back to the broader cost initiative. We are really using this opportunity to lean into the future of work. And as we talk to our associates around the globe, what most of them are saying is they are looking forward to coming back to the office, but not every day.  And I think we have all learned from being on video conferences all day long that it can be very, very effective, particularly as I mentioned, for engaging people from our more remote offices. So when we look at our -- how we're thinking about real estate in the future, we're thinking about it as sort of hub, not home. And again, when you -- under that whole theme of accelerating things that probably needed to happen anyway, as we have done acquisitions, we have accumulated smaller offices, where it's more difficult to have the sale for associates to have everything they need to operate effectively.  And so being able to trim it actually fairly significant number of offices only about 10% of our square feet. But trimming that, moving to hoteling, moving to other things that we think are really the future of how people interact, we think will set us up well for the future. And those changes will be permanent.  As we look at the cost changes that we've made, there's certainly some of them, like travel or things, that are this year. But there's a lot of it that is structural that we expect to continue in the future. And just going to see if Matt wants to add anything on to that. 
Timothy Gokey: Yes. Thank you, Patrick. That is -- we worked with SIFMA on creating that letter. We do think that digital delivery is the future as we certainly have talked about. And so we're supportive of this direction. The -- in terms of its near-term likelihood of any change, I think there's going to be a -- it's going to be hard to get anything through the SEC in this administration.  And irrespective of the outcome of the election, Jay Clayton has said that he's stepping down, and there's already sort of change at the top there. So I think there will be a slowdown in things going through the SEC. But longer term, this is something that we believe can be more engaging for investors save the industry money.  Now the key is to make the delivery of those documents, if what you're getting is a link to go someplace and log in, you get a big drop-off. If you send a -- send the document directly, it's okay. Is it a really long and complicated document? A summary version is much better. So making what people receive as engaging as possible, making it interactive, making it clickable, that's really some of the investments that we talked about that we're doing to really help our clients with what is truly a digital transformation.  When you think about the amount that large wealth management firms and fund companies spend on outbound communications, really making sure that they're getting strong return on that and that they're using it to really engage their clients, we think, is a big opportunity. 
Timothy Gokey: Yes. What I would say on that, Patrick, is it is a very complex integration, and it's something that Morgan Stanley continues to study in terms of what they want the -- their sort of long-term approach to be in terms of how and whether they combine those platforms. And irrespective, we expect that once they do decide that, it will be -- to whatever it is, it will be a multiyear transition. So I think it's still a ways out. 
Timothy Gokey: Well, I would like to just thank everyone for joining this morning. We are pleased with the strong start to the year that really increases our confidence in delivering in fiscal '21, and our confidence in the long-term trends that are propelling our growth and helping us help the industry.  We look forward to updating you further at our Virtual Investor Day on December 10, and we look forward to seeing all of you then. Thank you. 
Matthew Connor: Sure. So Darrin, we had forecasted, in the first half of the year, that volatility in the equity trade volumes to stay high and kind of moderate a bit in the second half. And going against our higher comps. So I think seeing these next few months come in at where we thought they would be is really important. And as Tim said, that stock record growth, kind of the mid- to the high level single digits in the second half, which is also kind of against a pretty high comparable, would be the 2 big things. 
Matthew Connor: Yes. I was actually going to make that my next question, which is really just where -- just given the backdrop of this environment, it sounds like you really are trying to capitalize on these tailwinds with investments. Tim, can you just give us a little bit more explanation or disclosure on where you want to put the money in terms of, number one, what specific business lines, the way we look at it from analysts, the way you report.  And then when we would expect to see returns on those investments, just given that I think you're really stepping up and it's going to impact the margins some degree, at least. 
Matthew Connor: Sure. Sure. So we're still in a very, very strong place in terms of our balance sheet. We're at that 2.0 ratio at this point. And as Tim said, valuations are very high right now, but we are in the midst of talking around a number of different opportunities. So we'll manage ourselves to what's the right thing to do from an acquisition versus buyback, and we're always committed to the dividend delivering that.  So I don't think you'll see much of a change in terms of where we have been over the last several years. It's always been a little bit of an ebb and a flow, in terms of where we are from a buyback versus acquisition. So we'll be in that same spot. 
Matthew Connor: It's generally individual investors holding more positions. And as you look at kind of those Internet advisers, the activity that's happening on the retail investors is significantly higher here in the first half than what we had expected. We expect that to continue through the first half, and then we get up against some tougher comps in the second half from the growth that we saw at the end of FY '20. So that will moderate itself down into the kind of mid- to high single digits at that point. 
Matthew Connor: And there was a little bit of shifting from last quarter to this quarter in terms of some of the handful of some of the large-cap companies in terms of pushing out. 
Matthew Connor: But I would let you know that the direct index is really not a major driver for us at this point. And I think just to remind also, we don't get paid for less than a single share. So those fractional shares aren't going to drive anything for us in some of those smaller holdings. So it's really more on those long line trades that are happening from the direct consumer. 
Matthew Connor: No. I think you got it. And that hub idea, think about in a city where we had three sites before, we're going down to one site. We're consolidating into one. So they're -- some of them are pretty simple kind of actions, but it's not going to change in terms of when folks start to come back to work, are we going to do more?  And then we talked about what we've done with IBM and our private cloud. That is something that's going to be permanent in terms of savings that we're going to get from that.  So as Tim said, there's a mix in terms of some of which is this year. And T&E, for example, there's definitely a bigger benefit this year, but I do think that we'll have a whole new way in terms of how we look at T&E across, in terms of how we travel and interact with the video that's become so easy to do and for us to get in contact with our clients. 
