Richard J. Daly: Sure. So David, you've heard me jokingly say in the past that my cardiologist appreciates that I'll come in sooner rather than later. We had a great year, Dave, so when we look at the range, this is range where there's always a bit of art and science because, for example, we had a very strong – well, at the core we had a very strong June. From my point of view, if some of the June sales that come in in July, the reality in our ability to create shareholder value is no different. But the reality of having a target out there for the year because of a June 30 date, okay, is something that we want to continue to try to manage, continue to try to grow. So really there's not a lot beyond it other than we want to move that target up. We're always going to look to add to our sales capabilities while we're going to look to drive those long as prior year (44:19), but until we actually get to those numbers, we think modest increase is a prudent way to going forward.
Richard J. Daly: Yes. We have added that and so you could say that's probably a good part of the range increase. Well, that took place we're at (44:47)120 to 160 as a target for this year, and what – I hope you heard the confidence I was expressing in the call about the quality of the transactions that actually took place last year. I'm talking about that Tier 1 bank that came in where we're going to seven regions to create a single global post-trade processing platform. I'm talking about adding another mega-wealth manager, okay, to our advisor solutions. All right? And I really wanted to emphasize the excitement that took place when we had our sales kickoff just a couple of weeks ago down at Doral. With 400 people, the excitement in the room was particularly high, one, because of the transactions that took place in 2016, and two because of the momentum that we have going into 2017. So we are pleased the way the year ended, and we're pleased with the momentum going into next year. Like I said now we need to execute.
Richard J. Daly: Sure. So Pete, first of all, about one-third of the accounts out there are IRA accounts, okay, just to put things in a context. And in speaking with one of our largest wealth management firms, and I was asking them is there anything they were aware of as it relates to mutual fund activity? And the look was kind of like you've got to be kidding me. With a Department of Labor ruling out there and the grandfathering impact and you have this whole new BIC concept out there, okay, the idea of moving somebody the way somebody traditionally would into – from one fund into another fund or to diversify the investment into other funds, okay? Until it's understood what that means in terms of the best interest contract, until it's understood in terms of what that means for the FC and to the firm in terms of their responsibility, the reaction of that particular firm was we're going to see less changes in terms of the investment portfolio until we understand what's going on with this DOL rule as it gets implemented. That's exactly what I was trying to talk today. Now, I don t claim to be an expert in the Department of Labor ruling. I do know that we're working with a number of clients to help them understand what they need to communicate to their investors as it relates to that. What I really wanted you to hear, Pete, was that a long time ago, and you've been following us for the duration, a long time ago we said, okay, volumes are going to do what volumes are going to do, all right? And yes, we like when they're more active than less active, but what you've seen both in the 2016 results and in the 2017 plan that we gave you today and guidance that we gave you today, is we're controlling our own destiny. And the other key thing that Jim pointed out, a point of mutual fund growth is about $1.5 million. So as we look at $4 billion in fees – as we go forward, $4 billion in revenue and $2 billion in fee revenue, we're talking about a company that's going to continue to drive what we do by what we control. And I anticipate that stock record growth, which I have now been involved with for now almost four decades, is going to continue along the path it's on with ups and downs, but it's one of the more reliable growth factors that I've ever seen in business.
Richard J. Daly: And, Darrin, let me add something to this here, because we talk about this Customer Communications business, we talk about digital. And I was really excited to talk about the Evernote agreement today. So understand that as we go digital that will reduce – you're reducing distribution. Okay? That will be adding additional fee revenue and that will definitely be coming in at a higher margin as we go forward. Let me just give you one concept as it relates to Evernote. First of all, the additional access to content of 75% of the mailboxes really enabled us to get that agreement into the end zone, and we have been talking with them for quite some time. The thing that we note about Evernote is that when we look at what content is going to Evernote, about 25% of it is related to financial services. And a very, very high percentage of it is people taking documents, and it could be a will, it could be a statement, but let's use the statement for example. They are taking their own paper statement. They're scanning it at home. They're sending it off to the cloud in Evernote, and then they're shredding it home. Why? Because they're going to control their archival. They're going to control their own content and not be subject to the control of somebody else like their financial firm. We can identify those people who are doing that, and we can then go to them and not say, hey, we know what you're doing, but we can say to them great news. You can now send your statement, your confirm, your proxy or whatever directly to Evernote. We can send your bills that we're now servicing through the customer communications business directly to Evernote. So I just wanted you to know that even though the margins are contracting today, as I look to the longer term, and I'm going out beyond the two to three years for Broadridge, we fully expect margins to improve as the digital conversion takes place and as we add more cloud drives to our capabilities.
Richard J. Daly: Well, and Darrin, again, going back for quite some time post the financial crisis, we invested in a fintech company when others were not. We created more capabilities and that momentum, whether it be a buy versus build, a tuck-in versus a create the product, has really served us extraordinarily well. So as we look forward to next year, and again, the confidence that the entire organization has, and that's really why I highlighted the excitement that was in our annual sales kickoff because it was just truly something where if you look across our products, if you look at the quality of dialogue we're having, you will look at what our clients need to do, which is to truly change their business models to drive more cost out across the, you know, I would argue the 200 offerings we have, there's an awful lot of exciting dialogues going on. And if you will look at some of the larger deals we did this year, it's very exciting. When we became a public company we were doing a large deal about once every three to five years. We're trending now to do three to five a year. All right? And again, I said this in the last quarter's call, and I want to emphasize it here. We are under pricing pressure because our industry is under pressure, but I have to acknowledge that that pricing pressure is more than offset by the opportunity we have to grow our business by people being willing to do more with quality players like Broadridge who, one, have the capability, two, have the focus on data security and operational excellence, and three, have invested in the people to make these processes a reality and continue meaningful dialogues. So I'm going to close with what that sales associate said, this is our time in terms of having an opportunity in the market.
Richard J. Daly: Sure, Chris. Well, and let me say it this way. I hope we're not done. We're going to continue to add to our capabilities. We will, as you know, find ways to make the organization more efficient, okay, in the traditional execution of what we do. And Jim, you had mentioned some mild restructuring that we've done again this year. But in terms of continuing to look to grow and service our market betters – our markets better, we expect to continue to invest in product and capabilities to keep this momentum going. So I'm really pleased, and I'll end the year, with the way Broadridge has evolved. And we think we have a formula that's sustainable, and we expect to continue to evolve that way as we go forward.
Richard J. Daly: Sixteen? So that's a week from today. And hopefully we'll see many of you there. It's a beautiful sunny day in Lake Success, both inside and outside of the building, so we're going to choose to have a great day. We suggest you do the same. Thanks so much.
James M. Young: Yeah. Dave, this is Jim. As we mentioned, about $440 million of fees and a little over $700 million of distribution revenue.
James M. Young: Yeah, David. This is Jim. Well, what I said is that our – you look at kind of the base Broadridge business excluding the acquisition, we think that earnings would grow 8% to 12%, very similar to what we guided to this year and achieved the upper end of that. So very much we're just layering in the acquisition and what you see is maybe another point of spread in there which is a function of really kind of how you go about integrating the businesses, the types of expenses we'll incur, our ability to achieve synergies. So naturally there's going to a little bit more variability in our numbers. So that doesn't really grow that but think about it as 8% to 12% as the foundation and then adding on top a key integration here.
James M. Young: Yeah. Darrin, this is Jim. I guess first just to anchor us in, it kind of came in where we thought, 18.5% versus guidance of 18.4% which included, I'd call it pretty normal levels of investment. Maybe a bit elevated for some of the restructuring activities that we talked about. So those are things that we think we'll see the benefits of now in 2017. And then as we said if you kind of remove the acquisition, we're going to expand margins 100 basis points...
James M. Young: ...so very much in line with the plan. And so the areas of investment continue to be across the company, whether it's investing around new products for asset classes in GTO, data analytics businesses, general infrastructure and technology for cybersecurity and the like. So the usual candidates and then obviously you have the more extraordinary type of investment around integrating the Communications business and as well as associated digital investment.
James M. Young: Sure. Chris, we obviously have had two good sales years. We do think these deals are skewing towards longer implementation cycles, which is fine. We've got good revenue visibility and certainty, but it's kind of delayed recognition of that revenue. So as we look at the plan this year and if you take that 6 to 8 points of kind of organic revenue growth and you back out a point for the tuck-in, almost all of that is coming from closed sales, maybe a point or so from internal growth. So and the majority of that is business that had been closed this past year. So we're starting to see a real uptick in that closed sales contribution that then there's a meaningful backlog that we'd anticipate coming on, not only just in 2017 but 2018, if you look at kind of that big fourth quarter we just had. There's a lot of that we may not see until fiscal 2018. So again, I think the takeaway is healthy backlog. Most of that is driving the 2017 revenue number with more to come in 2018.
