Richard J. Daly: Thanks, Dan. Please turn to Page 11 for my summary wrap-up. We are off to a solid start in fiscal year 2012. I'm very pleased with the revenue growth and earnings results for the quarter. However, as I stated earlier, the first quarter makes the smallest contribution to our annual results due to the seasonal nature of our business. Of course, year-to-date, it really still feels good.  While event-driven revenues remain a challenge, our recurring fee revenue continues to demonstrate healthy growth. That recurring fee revenue growth is being driven by the meaningful contributions from our recent acquisitions, improving market-driven volumes, both trade volumes and stock record growth, our consistent closed sales growth and our excellent 99% client revenue retention.  I am also very pleased with our sales results for the first quarter. Between our first quarter results and our strong pipeline, we have continued confidence that we will achieve our strong closed sales guidance.  Throughout all of Broadridge, we now have a complete portfolio of opportunities to pursue. Right now, we have more control over our destiny than ever before, so it's all about our ability to execute.  Execution is a proven core competency of Broadridge, driven by the highest engaged and most tenured associates in our market. Across both of our segments, we are focused on integrating acquisitions, on-boarding closed sales, implementing strategic initiatives and flawlessly executing during fiscal year 2012.  Given our full plate of activities to be executed successfully, as well as our current cash and debt position, we are not looking to do any additional meaningful acquisitions in the near term.  In conclusion, given the continued progress discussed during this call, we remain confident in our fiscal year 2012 guidance of 9% to 11% revenue growth and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $1.50 to $1.60.  By adding the value of these activities to the anticipated return of market-driven activities, including event-driven revenues, to their near-historical levels, any achievement of our recurring revenue closed sales plan, we believe the current fiscal year should be followed next year with about $2 per share in earnings in fiscal year 2013.  My confidence in believing we will achieve our goals is driven by knowing our highly engaged associates are in line with the service profit chain and shareholder value creation. I cannot thank our associates enough for their continued hard work and commitment to excellence. We have a great team and we have a lot of exciting opportunities in front of us, and that is why I am confident in our ability to create greater value for our shareholders, customers and associates.  I'll now turn the call over to Marcus, the operator, and we welcome your questions.
Richard J. Daly: Dave, stock record growth, we have seen some trends of finally having some growth there, and I'm talking about on the equity side, and that's about 1%. On the mutual fund side, we're still continuing to see those positions grow both on traditional mutual funds, as well as the exchange funds. So it's too soon to say that it's turned, but it certainly feels more positive than it's felt in a long time. In terms of the unit pricing, again, I -- in every call because even though I really strongly disagree with any overhang on Broadridge as it relates to pricing in terms of the proxy world, every call I go out of my way to emphasize we're not aware of anything. All of the dialogues we're having really focus around the value we provide, how we can provide more value, what -- how that will benefit issues in mutual funds and the fact that as we provide new things going forward, we're going to need to establish fees to get paid for that effort we put in, costs we incur and value we provide.
Richard J. Daly: Well, if we measure the position of company by company very extensively, it's more than a good stat sample. I mean, we pull hundreds, if not thousands, of companies to measure as we had throughout the year. And in some cases, we get close to the end of the year, we have almost a complete view. So it's the growth of positions, same companies right now versus where we were a year ago.
Richard J. Daly: Very good question. So we have always said when we talk about the momentum that we're building and then the total value that, that could bring to '13, we've always included a return to some historical level of the event-driven revenue. If that wasn't to be there, round numbers, think like 20%. If it was to be -- $0.20, excuse me. If it was to be at the same, I'll call it, historic low right now, that's low based on number of positions. Again, we had studies done by ourselves and studies that BCG helped us with us well, in going out there and surveying that market and understanding was there a secular change or is it just a cyclical event. Funds are managing costs because of these markets more capitally than I've experienced in my 30 years, this has been a tough period. At a point in time, they're going to need to address things like directors. At a point in time, they're going to need to address the things that they've always had to address like their investment models and when they need to go out to their shareholders. So we're not planning on the growth that we had historically seen on these numbers on average over the years, but we're looking to get back to the averages where we were 2-plus years ago. And to say that they'll stay at this level forever when there is no secular change that we are aware of, we think is undervaluing the overall value that Broadridge can create as we go forward.
Richard J. Daly: One other thing, if it doesn't come back at a point in time, we'd have to take a step back and say okay, even though there's no technical reason that any -- that we can find that any consultant can find or any law firms that service the mutual fund industry can tell us about because we spoke with all of them as well, all right? If it doesn't come back at a point in time, we're going to be looking at this differently. However, we have 2 hedges, even when it does come back. One is that the number of mutual fund positions is still growing, all right? So we don't even need the same percentage of positions to go out the proxy to get to the same number that we're trying to get to a couple of years back. Two, we believe that our offering in the mutual funds space, our optimal proxy offering, is a game changer for mutual funds to achieve quorum. Everyone knows retail investors don't vote at the percentages, that institutional investors vote at, and to get to 51% quorum is generally a tough task. Our optimal proxy product takes advantage of Broadridge's knowledge of how every investor votes. And therefore, rather than going out and selling fear, which is you better be ready to spend a lot of money to call a lot of investors, we go out with a clear knowledge with this new product of how their investors, their actual investors historically vote. So if John Doe never votes, even if he's at a large share position, we're not going to be making phone calls and running up expenses for those funds. If Mary Smith always votes, okay, even though her position may be smaller, okay, we're going to be going after her right away because we know that's likelihood of success. So we're going to be going out there with a model that -- a fixed price model, in essence, that will be higher than what most people would normally bid. But in reality, much lower than what funds normally actually pay. So between position growth and we think we're going to grow our share in solicitation, with a reasonable return, we can get to our historical levels of average revenue, all right, and still not have the market have a complete return.
Richard J. Daly: The good news is that things can turn very quickly. The bad news is the lead time we have on understanding that is never that great. So in 2010, when we had the record year, we had no ability to anticipate that when we created our guidance for the year. So it is -- over any period of time, I believe that event-driven revenue is going to serve our shareholders well and create meaningful value. It's just very difficult to say how even it will be from year-to-year.
Richard J. Daly: Sure. And you're absolutely right. Whether it be Penson or any meaningful transaction we go into, where we know we're going be making investment and getting them on to our platform and many times providing some assistance, we always look at this and if actually Dan, John Hogan, our President, and myself go through this on a regular basis. Penson, when they put together their action plan, which they announced in their last call, there was a clear -- there were clear tangible activities that they had to move the broker-dealer to positive cash and P&L position going forward. In addition to that, they've -- they have some pretty valuable assets that they talked about. And beyond that, given that we're a processing business for them, their product and, particularly I guess, their trading product is a very, very sticky product. Their client retention rates have actually -- from our perspective, have been acceptable. So we believe that they have demonstrated what they needed to, to create a plan to be a viable entity going forward. It's a meaningful relationship with all of our clients. We've looked to support them and enable their success. And we're actually pleased of the opportunity to be providing additional outsourcing services as we go forward. We're looking to use this model to show other clients how much more efficient they can make their operations by leveraging our scale.
Richard J. Daly: I think that the weak market -- I've not heard the term demand destruction tied to this but it may in a weak market, you're going to have every business looking at their expense structure and saying "how can we manage this more effectively until revenues get back to where we'd like them to be, and we have confidence that they're going to grow as we go forward?" The best thing that could happen to Broadridge, is that retail investors gain some confidence in the markets and come back to the markets. We all know there is significant money on the sidelines, earning almost nothing, all right, because right now, fear is driving more activity than the opportunity to invest in the markets. I believe, because I've been through a difficult markets before and I've seen mutual funds cut back and then I've seen when markets have improved that their business models required them -- or I shouldn't say required, it gave them opportunities to make changes to take more advantage of investors who are coming into the market, and I say, take advantage, create more product to change their products. And in those times we had very, very significant activity, so the most important thing for Broadridge, overall, would be, across all of our businesses, to have retail confidence which would drive not just event-driven activity but more communications overall, more activity on the trading side. And we have historically in those markets performed very well and generally beat our expectations during those markets. So it -- I think, Ian, it goes beyond just demand destruction in event-driven. I think it's called prudent expense management, and until we see a return of some confidence in the market, people aren't going to be going out there saying it's time to have an event. The only events that are going to happen right now are, where they'll trip something like the number of directors that have been approved by shareholders that will have to go out or they need to do a merger or some other activity, but it won't be driven by -- we have an opportunity to take this fund, change it in a way that we will need shareholders to approve it but have a better product for the market. That's unlikely to be taking place right now.
Richard J. Daly: I think it's a combination of a few of the things you just said. So first of all, Paladyne previously was tied to one prime, and that prime had somewhat of an exclusive to use that product for their customers versus other primes. Broadridge taking out the owners, this product is now available to all the primes without the exclusivity provision. So we think that we've now made the market for Paladyne much larger. You add to that, that the prime brokers all do business with Broadridge, all have customer data with Broadridge right now and all trust Broadridge. And you have got -- we're instantly now far more credible than Paladyne previously was, all right? It's a very, very good product. And I'd like to think that the deals we did were in the pipeline, as you pointed out already but because we're now the owner, it became much easier to get to a decision to end of job, to say now that -- it's Broadridge-backed, this is a -- without question, we're even more comfortable than we were based on their strong functionality.
Richard J. Daly: Okay. I only have one of this thing, I deliberately put it in my notes. And we really believe that what excited us the most about this is that on their own, as Dan pointed out, they had a very good sales track record. And when you take the prime brokers and you now remove the barriers that they had because of their relationship with one prime broker, okay, and then you combine that with our trusted relationship with those prime brokers, that's the part that excited us the most in terms of on their own, we think it's a good acquisition. We think with us, particularly with our ability to focus on the sell-side relationships and expand the number of buy-side opportunities through those sell-side relationships, this could be a very, very exciting transaction.
Richard J. Daly: Okay. Throughout all of Broadridge, Peter, we're going to have some I'll call it generic technology that gets bundled into our proprietary technology, of course, with the appropriate licenses. So the net result is everything we have here is proprietary technology that's very specialized and very difficult to replicate. So -- and Paladyne absolutely fits into that category from my point of view. In terms of this business being commoditized, we have looked for quite a while to find a way to get into the growing and exciting buy side of the market. In a way though, that would be pragmatic and not irresponsible as it relates to our stewardship of our shareholders' assets and cash. Paladyne really ticked the boxes. So you heard, for example, even on the earn-out of this deal, the IRR would have to be over 25% before we pay the first dollar of earn-out. So -- and we think we're going to add to their model beyond what they had the ability to achieve on their model on their own. So we think that this space is very exciting. We think that dovetailing with our incredibly strong brand and reputation with the sell side adds more to it. We had a very full plate of things going on around here. And the senior team, we had very significant distractions about it. We are going to add more activity to what's already a relatively full plate of execution activities, it better be one heck of an opportunity, all right? Paladyne fit into that category so there are other areas where I fight every day to say we can't get commoditized here, or if it's going to happen, we're going to disrupt ourselves and not let someone else do it. Paladyne is more a disrupter. I don't anticipate them being disrupted any ways near on the near term.
Richard J. Daly: Thank you. We're really excited. You have companies out there like Coca-Cola that use our virtual shareholder meeting product and the CEO making statements like, I'm going to paraphrase here, but this is the future of investor relations, this is the future of shareholder communications, and I think it's still out there on the web if somebody wants to see it. Our mobile app is very, very successful. You can vote on your BlackBerry, on your iPhone or any other similar device, your iPad, et cetera. You don't even need to download that. And these are things that the SEC and the NYSE are finding very exciting that I referred to in my comments earlier as well. So we believe that we're going to continue to add meaningful efficiency versus anyone else in the space. We're really excited by what's going on in our TA space. We've actually on-boarded Spectra. I actually ran into their CEO in an event, and I was delighted that he took the time to reach out to me because I'm normally chasing people in my role. He took the time to reach out to me to say how pleased they were with the transition, and how he thought our position in the marketplace was really a game changer versus anything else out there. So this is still a weak market out there in terms of retail participation. It's not a weak market in terms of Broadridge's opportunity because of all the things we've executed in terms of product opportunities, acquisitions, et cetera, so we have a lot to execute against and we have -- as I said in my comments earlier, we have more control of destiny than ever before.
Richard J. Daly: One last thing, Peter, remember even if the distribution revenue happens and even though we've done, because of the complexity of our technology, a good part of the work because everything is systems driven, the actual fees aren't recognized until 30 days after we distribute the material. So even if the distribution revenue was up, the fee revenue has an appropriate aligning revenue and expense lag behind that closer to and really on average about when the actual meeting occurs.
Richard J. Daly: Well, certainly Dan, Rick and I want to thank you for participating today. I'm also going to ask you -- because we really do sit down and put effort into our annual shareholder letter, to remind you that it's out there. And on a number of the topics that I would cover like capital stewardship and things like that, in the first quarter, we try to keep it concise and -- but certainly, Broadridge, in terms of our commitment to create shareholder value, be an employer of choice, commitment to the service profit chain and overall creating greater value for all as we go forward, I've laid that out in pretty extensive detail on that letter. So for those of you who have any interest, I'd encourage you to take a look at it. As always, we're going to look forward to meeting with you in the near future. [Audio Gap] Thanks. Bye.
Dan Sheldon: Rich, what I'll add to that, David, is the way to think about it was we already know that we can look out 60 days and kind of know what's going on. We knew the first half, which is really -- our first half is for most mutual funds, their second half of the calendar year. So we knew there wasn't going to be a lot of activity. The point we're looking at -- and Rich already talked about the study we had done, et cetera, what we're looking at is saying we're not going to forecast right now, that we should be higher in the second half or, as I mentioned, would be at our $140 million for the year, but we're saying we should be seeing some uptick and then that will help us better gauge how we're going to think about fiscal year '13. But Rich is right on. It's approximately on a fee basis we need to have come back $60 million and that really generates, when you put on the post each and everything else about $0.20.
Dan Sheldon: Yes, Rich, let me just add onto that piece because I know it's a top focus. In the past, we used to see 20% to, call it, 25% of all positions go out for proxy a year. Then we all saw what happened in '10, where 50% of all activity happened. And then we saw it drop to below 15% in '11. We're not -- neither Rich nor myself or even our business is sitting and trying to say something is fundamentally changed with any of the rules. What we looked at with our analysts were to say, well, you know what, maybe it's going to be as we move forward 16% to 20% of all positions but it should start coming back. The only thing we don't know, is it maybe going to start to behave very erratically, which is you'll see some years of 50% and some years of less than 20%, and that makes it much more difficult to kind of model out, but that's what we're trying to figure out as we go forward for the next 6 months.
Dan Sheldon: Yes, Ian, so let me give you the perspective, like you had mentioned, incrementally. What we've talked about before and it really hasn't changed much, we're primarily focused on the equity side of it. Is that on the equity piece, we've got a range for every 1% of growth that we see in trade volumes of somewhere between $750,000 and $1.5 million. It's really on the upper end of the $1.5 million of releasing significant return by the retail side. That's where we would see the biggest uplift. And as we mentioned, anything incremental there pretty much falls to the bottom line. That's how I define pre-margins. And to put it in perspective, this last quarter for equities, we saw a $10 million uptick from the year before in contribution to our revenue. We are thinking it was going to be about $5 million because we actually got a 17% increase in the volume, versus what we are planning on we said of about $7 million.
Dan Sheldon: I'd also add to that, that business, and to Paladyne management's credit, had always had over the last few years a very strong record for closing sales. As the CFO, usually what happens for me is I watch the acquisition go along in the first few months and if somebody comes on board, you usually see a dip. So what we're saying is we're very pleased to see it continue with what already management had successfully done in the past. And as Rich mentioned, that's why we have the projections we have going forward for continued revenue growth even above that now part of the Broadridge family.
Dan Sheldon: The way to think about it is, that's the core base, $26 million, and everything added into that will be in our sales projections that we share with everyone.
Dan Sheldon: This is Dan. I would expect it to be back to the normals but, as we all know, we don't know until proxy season when people are going to actually schedule their meetings. So whether it's the third or the fourth quarter, I can't be specific to it and I would say to you that the good news is, and this is what Rich was mentioning before, the last couple of years, we'd started off the quarter with Q1 with some negative kind of like views on where stock record growth was going. So I'm more pumped up by the fact that we're seeing some positive momentum there. And when the meetings happen, the meetings will happen.
