Tim Gokey: Thank you, Edings, and good morning. It's great to be here to discuss our strong fiscal ‘24 financial and operating results. I'm also pleased to be joined by Interim CFO, Ashima Ghei. Ashima took over on July 1 from Edmund and we continued to wish good luck in his next endeavor. Importantly, I've had the opportunity to work closely with Ashima over the past two and a half years as she played a leading role in driving the strong results of her ICS business. Previously, she was in American Express for 18 years, and she has brought a strong combination of deep insight and experience to her role as CFO of ICS here at Broadridge. Ashima, welcome.
Tim Gokey: Yeah Dan, thank you. Thank you very much for that. And obviously, we have no special knowledge about whether what we're seeing is just a moment or is something more significant. But I do think, and I highlighted this in my prepared remarks, that one of the most attractive features of our business model is its resiliency. And when you look at our fee revenues, they are 94% recurring, and the highest driver there is revenue from sales, and we have a $450 million backlog of things that are already contracted. And, when you look at position growth, it's been pretty resilient through a variety of economic cycles. It has sometimes gone down. In global financial crisis, it went down, it didn't go below zero, but it still stayed positive. We're hedged on interest rates, and volatility benefits us on trading. So, I think if you compare where we are now to where we've been in past periods of volatility, it's really not a lot different. The fundamental components around resilient business model, high recurring revenue, revenue from sales, all of those really remain intact. High trading, that volatility debt is a little bit of a plus in the near term. Sometimes when it's volatile, that causes position growth to slow a little bit, but that's all very speculative at this point, and those things really don't move our broad numbers. So that's why we were pretty confident today around our guidance on 5% to 7% recurring revenue growth, 8% to 12% earnings.
Tim Gokey: Yeah Darrin, thank you. Thank you very much. Look, we are really proud of the ‘24 sales results with the $342 million. Really driven in ‘24 by four drivers, tailored shareholder reports, digital solutions, strong growth in both capital markets and wealth and investment management. And tailored shareholder reports were an important part of that story, but we like the other stories too. And if you pull out the one-time impact of tailored shareholder reports, sales were at record levels, and we expect that to grow off of those sales, excluding TSR. You know, what we really like is that the sales that we're seeing are aligned with the investments that we have been making, investments in regulatory, investments in digital, investments in capital markets, especially on the front office side, and in wealth. And each of those areas saw strong growth this year. Each of those areas has a nice pipeline for next year. So as we think about where we're seeing that demand that you mentioned, you know we've talked about the bigger themes of helping our clients grow their revenue or helping our clients reduce cost, and the sub-solutions in each of those areas really hit on those. So looking ahead, we're expecting these trends to continue to be very positive, excluding the impact of tailored shareholder reports. We expect to continue to grow our sales in FY ‘25, and we feel good about the 290 to 330 based on our strong pipeline.
Tim Gokey: Yeah James, thank you very much. We were really happy with how our wealth business continued to perform, obviously 7% up for the past year as we benefited from the onboarding of UBS, partially offset by E-Trade. We do see continued momentum in ‘25 with really being at the high end of that 5% to 7% if we pulled out the E-Trade impact. Remember, E-Trade happened sort of a little bit after the end of the first quarter last year, so the first quarter this year will be impacted. Look, it is strong sales, and it is with clients who want to, we always call it ‘transform on their own terms,’ which is to be able to use a modular approach as a way to long-term transformation. And obviously, the sales are up 40% year-on-year. That was right near that sort of $20 million goal, so not at the 30, but near the 20. We really like though the pipeline of opportunities, and our pipeline right now is 30% higher than it was 12 months ago. And if you remember, that pipeline was up quite a bit over the pipeline the year before. So I think we're continuing to see that nice build. Then really, as we get into SIS in Canada, that's going to really add to the long-term opportunity. We're looking forward to being able to bring our investment on the wealth platform with SIS to accelerate and bring that to the Canadian market as well.
Tim Gokey: Yeah, thanks Puneet. It's a great question. Just stepping back, I like talking about M&A, but let's just remember we're an organic growth company. Our growth is primarily organic. There's a long runway given the $60 billion TAM. But that said, as you pointed out, M&A has been an attractive way for us to meet new needs for clients. Remember, for context, we're calling for sort of 1 to 2 points from M&A over the long term. When you look at advisor target and CompSci, they are perfect examples of a buy versus build philosophy. When we look at an area where there's a client need that we think we're the right person to meet, then we look, do we have a platform that's really one that we can build on? Or is there, a really good set of entrepreneurs in the market who've taken something and gotten it to a place where then combining it with us would help them accelerate and help us fill out our product line. It's faster to buy it than it is to build it. So, that's been very successful for us in the past. When you think about sort of the mix of M&A going forward, it's interesting this year because you had AdvisorTarget and CompSci, but you also had SAS, which is a real company with real revenue, nice margins, and it's that sort of portfolio mix, and you've seen that over time. So we've been – we were really proud of our track record over time with M&A. We've done 40-some transactions, but it's always been disciplined in terms of the financial returns. It's always been very strategic in terms of the areas and how – why we're the best owner and those are the things that won't change.
Tim Gokey: And Puneet, I'd just add that when you look at the revenue, and this is part of the prepared remarks, but the backlog as a share of recurring revenue, it's 11% this year. If you look back last year, it was 10%. So it's not dramatically different but incrementally better.
Tim Gokey: And Patrick, I'll just add in that, and actually that was great. I think as you pointed out, we have overcome a number of, when you think about the three-year number of one-off impacts with VMAP [ph], with E-Trade, with rates coming down now. So there are a number of things. At the same time, we feel really good about the core margin expansion next year and no reason to see why that wouldn't continue to be the case in the future. I just step back to say we're an organic growth company. We think of every client as a 1990-year client, and part of that promise is always to be investing in what's next. That's a great formula for our clients, associates, and shareholders. So we are making investments in governance, in digital, voting choice, in the front office. We have the ability to flex those up and down. That's one of the ways we've been able to be really resilient over time.
Tim Gokey: Yeah, thank you operator. As you can tell, we believe that the Broadridge business model is resilient. That resulted in strong fiscal ‘24 results with outlook for another strong year in fiscal ‘25 and for a three-year period. We believe we're executing on a growth strategy. We have long-term trends behind us that we're very well positioned in a $60 billion and growing market. Thank you very much for your interest in our company. We look forward to reporting our next set of results to you later this fall.
