Edmund Reese: So James, first, and thanks for the question on wealth. I think there's a couple of points to make in your question there. First, just generally for Broadridge. As I talked about during Investor Day, and as you see here, we just have a long history of retaining 97% to 98% of our existing recurring revenue. And when I set aside transitioning E-Trade to Morgan Stanley, I think we're right in line with that. And even with it, we're 3 points of contribution. So that's sort of the first point. I think that you can do the math on the wealth segment, we gave a good sense about exactly what the incremental wealth revenue would be for the year, just over $75 million. We said that would largely be offset by transitioning E-Trade. And so it gives you some sense about what the losses would be with -- knowing those 2 components.
Edmund Reese: Yes, thanks for the question. I think it's an important one and gives us an opportunity to emphasize our confidence in being in line with the full year guidance that we have. Your first question is really on headwinds and tailwinds relative to the overall guidance and how we think about event as part of that. Let me first maybe make a comment on the event and then talk about the overall recurring revenue guidance itself and the headwinds and the tailwinds. On event, thus far, as we talked about in the prepared remarks, through the first half of the year, we have seen strong event. And while headlines might suggest sort of higher contest activity, it was really driven by a recovery in the mutual fund proxy activity given the low levels that we saw in Q4 '23, we expect that to continue in the back half of the year. And there could likely be some more contest activity. But I did mention that we started increasing investments in Q2 in this current quarter because of the outlook on the full year, including the outlook on the event-driven revenue. And it's good when we have these types of transparency earlier in the year, because, as you know, we have a number of unfunded investments that when we are performing above our expectations. We go deeper in that list and increase those investments. We're able to do that because it drives long-term growth and still allows us to be within our overall guidance of 8% to 12%. And so I think as we think about strength and event being above those levels, we'll continue to look for opportunities to invest while we have the opportunity to do it. Overall, on the recurring revenue guidance, as I've said before, I think it really comes down to 3 items in those 3 items are our ability to be able to convert our revenue backlog to revenue and as you know, we've had a long history of being able to do that, driving over 6 points of growth from that, and we had a very, very strong quarter. So I continue to feel very confident that we will be right in line with our expectations there. We had included in our guidance, mid- to high single-digit position growth. The testing is now showing mid-single-digit growth. So that allows us to stay right in line with the guidance. And I think the third item that I'll mention here has been float income, which really is a first half event and no change to that thinking. So I think halfway through the year, we're still very comfortable about where we are and still being within that 6% to 9% range. On expenses, look, I am really, really pleased about not just the long history of being able to drive margin expansion here. I know you know very well, 50 basis points over the last 10 years, including 77 basis points in our last 3-year objectives. But we have been able to execute based on the operating leverage that we have in the business based on our move to digital, based on the initiatives that we have been taking to realign our businesses and not only deliver margin expansion but create investment capacity. I do not get hung up in any particular quarter when it comes to margin expansion. As I think about the full year, it is playing out just as we expected. We still expect to be approximately at 20% AOI margin. But more importantly, we're creating that capacity to be able to invest in the items that Tim mentioned in his prepared remarks. So we'll be right there as the year completes.
Edmund Reese: And I'll just add to Tim's point, then you heard me mention that we do expect both the capital markets and the wealth management for the full year to be within that 5% to 8% sort of longer-term 3-year objectives. We feel good about that. And I think that will be more weighted for both of those businesses, again, to the third quarter relative to the fourth quarter.
Edmund Reese: And just one point to add to Tim. We quantified what we expect in terms of incrementality from wealth at $28 million to $30 million in incremental sales, and we still, as Tim just said, we feel very good about that number.
Edmund Reese: Patrick, thanks for that question. We did. I'll emphasize that we did come out at an Investor Day and one of the big changes and an important change for us is moving our growth objectives, our 3-year growth objectives for organic growth from 5% to 7% to 5% to 8%. Now the strong growth that we expected in fiscal '24 has a lot to do with that. But the investments that we've been making in the strength that we've been saying, Tim said earlier, our front office capital markets business and even the strength in wealth management, given the incremental sales that we have, we think that GTO will be a contributor there as well. Those are our objectives of 5% to 8% over the next 3 years. And I think you're going to see each of the GTO businesses playing -- performing right in line with that, both capital markets and wealth management here.
Edmund Reese: For the drivers of growth in capital markets, and I'd probably hit 3 things, and thanks for asking the question, Brendan, because it does allow me to come back to an item that Patrick mentioned. But there are probably 3 things that I'd point out there. One is the continued double-digit growth in our front office capabilities as we brought on BTCS, we just continue, as Tim talked about earlier, to see strength in that business. Two, and this is the case across each of our different business units is our ability to be able to convert the revenue backlog into revenue, particularly given the investments that we have been making in our post-trade solutions. We continue to see strength in our capital markets post-trade solutions converting new clients into revenue. That is a strong boost for that business. And the third, and this is a point that Patrick mentioned, we did see strength in some of the trading volumes in the quarter. We go into our planning cycles not expecting significant growth from trading volumes almost assuming flat. But as I mentioned, the fixed income trading, in particular, has continued to have strong growth over the past couple of quarters, and that is also driving a boost in capital markets. And again, most importantly, having us very confident that, that business, along with wealth will be within our 5% to 8% objective here.
Tim Gokey: Yes, James, it's Tim. I'll take that one. And first of all, thanks for the question because I think we do feel really good about where we are on this. And as a reminder, obviously, closed sales don't have much impact on this year. This year is really supported by the conversion of our strong backlog, the $400 million we talked about at the beginning of the year. So this is all a question about future growth. And we saw a strong first half. January was strong. The -- and the one thing I just want to point out for you and our listeners is that, that growth that we've seen so far really came from the areas that we've been investing in, like the front office and like wealth management, which is really nice to see. And as we look at the second half, we're having really good conversations around tailored shareholder reports, around digital communications, continued front-office discussions, continued wealth discussions. And it's true that we've heard caution from other tech companies and that we have been seeing weakness in Europe previously and that sales cycles remain extended. I think partly what we're seeing now is, as we said, those conversations were extended, but they didn't go away and some of those are now coming through. And we're seeing that clients really are willing to spend on areas that drive revenue, that lower costs, that have specific regulatory needs, all of those really fit very well. So we are seeing that conversion of that strong pipeline improving. And you should have heard in the tone, and we do feel a lot -- some very good confidence in achieving our sales guidance of $280 million to $320 million, which is obviously a nice uptick on last year and really returns us to the long-term growth trend there.
Tim Gokey: Yes. Dan, it's Tim. No, we don't see it stepping down. It is -- E-Trade was off for pretty much the entire quarter. And so I think the balance you saw in this quarter will be similar going forward. There may be some other factors up and down, but the net of those 2 is positive.
Tim Gokey: Yes. Thanks, Dan. And I -- these days, it's a little bit embarrassing to talk about Davos, I guess, but it is a great opportunity to connect with a bunch of clients all at the same time. So it was a really useful set of discussions. And I think the nice demand that we're seeing for the second half, it really is those 2 factors I talked about before, which is it's a little bit of catch-up of discussions that were already taking place. And then it is -- then is new discussions. And we are seeing -- and it is -- people are being cautious. So they're really looking at areas where they see very tangible returns or they have very specific needs that they need to address. And many of our products fit into that arena. But we're -- as we look at incremental demand going forward, there is a big industry change around tailored shareholder reports. We have a great solution for that, that really saves our clients' money over any other way they could implement it. That is not only going to be a nice driver of sales in the second half, but it's really improving our whole relationship with the fund industry as being part of the solution. The digital communications, those conversations continue to be very robust really across all of our wealth management firms as they are looking to how do they better engage their clients and do so at lower cost. And with the conversion of one of the large wealth management players and the success of that, that I think is a great proof point on that. The -- and while we're just talking about communications, I don't want to actually skip over the fact that the -- when you look at our omnichannel communication strategy, it had the 2 parts that had the long-term conversion to digital, but had a pretty extended midterm period of that market is still 50% unvended. And there are a lot of in-house players that are basically losing scale as the world goes more digital and are, therefore, choosing to outsource. And we have some of those conversations going as well. So I think all sides of the communications will have some nice sales in the second half. Continued strength in front office. A lot of discussions there. As you know, we're sort of but number three, but numbers one and numbers two are really not investing in their business, and our clients are looking for long-term partners and so having a lot of great discussions there. And then the wealth side, double sales in the first half, and I said a really good discussions around the components that we have -- that we've talked about with clients having those components in their hands to trial them in a sandbox environment, seeing how they play out. And so we see really some really nice strength across multiple dimensions of the strategy.
Tim Gokey: Darrin, it's Tim. Thank you because it's a -- we think it's a great topic for us. We talked at our Investor Day about how the pipeline has really accelerated over the past year is now at over $200 million. And so then the question has really been about how to begin to convert that pipeline into sales. And what I just talked about is as we have live software and it makes a huge difference for our clients to be able to demo, hands-on keys, have a sandbox, see the software with their own data inside. And so I think that is one of the things that has really led to the strong first half and why we feel like we have a good traction in the second half. And it is across a pretty broad set of components. Remember that for UBS, there were 29 different components that we invested in and modernized and brought to the cloud. And so whether that's tax or it's client onboarding or its corporate actions, many clients see a little bit different path in terms of what their immediate need is and sort of their -- on their transition to sort of a north star. And so we're having just lots of good conversations both in the U.S. and in Canada. So it's -- we feel good about where we are.
Tim Gokey: Yes.And I just have to put in one more time in plug that we really think this quarter was a great demonstration of how our broader omnichannel communication strategy is working. And the growth rates will be ticked up and down, as you just said, Darrin, in any particular quarter. But longer term, what we are -- that strategy is really the one we talked about from before, which is to leverage our scale, our synergies and technology to be the low-cost provider in the industry. To consolidate print, which is still 50% unvended as in-house operations lose scale and then to drive print to high digital footprint -- drive from print to high-margin digital. So that remains the strategy. As we think about how all that plays into sort of long-term growth expectations, we continue to see not any given quarter, but over many quarters, we expect sort of low single-digit top line growth with expanding margins and low double-digit earnings growth. So that's really sort of the profile you should expect from that business.
Tim Gokey: Yes. Peter, thank you. And remember that when the industry moved to 30e-3, we got a sort of an uptick. We argued against it, but we got a sort of a $30 million uptick. And we had commented that when the -- when the world moved away from 30e-3 that we would have a headwind of about $30 million in revenue. And what I'm really pleased about is as we look at the -- now is the help our clients solve the issues that tailored shareholders, and I'll come back to this in a second, the issues that it creates. I think we're going to see that revenue more than replaced, which is very nice. The challenge that clients face with tailored shareholder reports, just to remind people what it is. It's taking the 150-page or so annual and semiannual reports that people receive and it is saying, what are the key data points that are inside there that people really care about and creating a condensed, much more readable sort of 2- to 3-page summary that is much more digestible for investors. So that's good. The challenge it creates for our clients is that those reports, the new regulation has them the wires tailored. It has to be specific to the share class that, that client has. So in the past, you would have gotten a report and you have a table and you said, we'll have to look up your share class and try to figure out for you what it means now has to be specific to you. That dramatically increases the number of SKUs. We talked in an earlier call about a fund we talked to you that had something like 120 to 150 different reports and now that's going to be 1,200 different reports. That makes it very hard to print the reports in advance and inventory level. So the solution that we have is because we've invested in digitizing all of this and a digital database of all the latest regulatory reports, we can -- for that percent of things that is print, which is -- a lot of this is digital, it's 80% digital, but there's still a lot of print. We can print that in line right in our facility and put multiple things in the same envelope significantly savings on creating significant savings on all the inventory but also all the postage and the envelopes and all of that. And so that ability to consolidate multiple reports into a single envelope all digitally in line, it creates a very significant savings for our clients over any other way of doing it. So we're having a really -- a high percent of funds are coming to us for that. And in fact, many funds that used to do this themselves on the registered side are also coming to us for that. So that's the whole sort of output and mailing side of things. The other thing I'm really pleased, though, about is moving upstream into the composition side of things. And historically, that work has been done by others, by Donnelley Financial and by Confluence. And one of the other unique things in the regulation is that the reports need to be tagged with XBRL and -- which is great for digital delivery and extraction of data points. That can be a very laborious process. And the composition engine that we have is pretty unique in that it's -- first of all, it's built in a way that makes it very easy to have many versions, same thing. And is also built with the XBRL tagging sort of natively embedded in it so that you don't have to come back as a second process. So it's a much better solution on the composition side. We're a newer player there, but we've seen a lot of client interest and that's really enabling us to move upstream to have a much deeper relationship with the asset managers.
Tim Gokey: Yes, Patrick, it's a great question. It is one of the things that we're very clear with all of our businesses on is that the investments we're making are our onetime investment. So we have -- we, as do many firms have a whole set of relationships with external providers for building technology consulting, other kinds of things. And so when we have the ability to incrementally invest, it is not adding associates that are going to be here for the long run, but it is really going deeper into projects that may be already underway and accelerating those, but leveraging largely third parties for things that are already in motion that we can accelerate.
Tim Gokey: And I'm sorry, I have to just add one other thing, which is -- when you take our capital markets -- capital margin is a very esoteric business. You take our capital markets team put in front of any even very top tier client. And it is a very impressive team. And the -- you see that in the innovation with digital ledger repo, with LTX, with AI across all those areas that are at the leading edge of where capital markets are going, front to back, we are showing real thought leadership and having great conversations with clients.
Tim Gokey: Jamie, thank you very much, and thank all of you for joining us this morning. As I hope you heard, we see a long runway for growth ahead. And as we enter our seasonally larger second half, we are on track to deliver another strong year and to continue to make a difference for investors everywhere and for our clients, our associates and our shareholders. Thank you very much for your interest this morning.
