Tim Gokey: Yeah. This is Tim. I'll comment and then Edmund add on to it. First of all, it's great to see the continued momentum in the market for our products. And -- evidence, really nice progress. What we saw was balanced across both ICS and GTO. We are seeing, of course, this is the first year we have activity as part of the mix. And so that is adding nicely and the timing of the activity sales are a little bit different than our traditional timing. So I think that probably is contributing to the very strong year-to-date results. But when we talk to clients and talking about their underlying needs, we are just seeing the things we talked about in terms of long-term. We're seeing strong demand in the government side, in the wealth side, in the capital market side. I've had some great client conversations over the past few months had an opportunity to demo all of our wealth products with one of the leading wealth managers, a really exciting day when they see how it's all coming together now that that's beginning to be live and they can see things in production. So we're very excited about the momentum. And we think that's all leading into that $240 million to $280 million for the year. So actually, I went on longer than I expected. I don't know you have Edmund anything to add.
Tim Gokey: Yeah, Michael, it is really -- it's a combination of all of that. It is -- we have deep client relationships and most of our sales are to existing clients and are sort of part of, I guess, what some people call land and expand. But if you look at the available wallet share inside our largest clients relative to what we're selling them, even when we have large relationships, there's a lot of opportunity. And so I think across the board, that tends to be the biggest driver. A year ago at this time, we had lots and lots of new clients with the shareholder rights directive when we signed up over 300 clients in the span of 18 months. That is -- continues to be a factor, but less than it was a year ago. I think also a year ago, we were having really strong success with expanding virtual shareholder meetings. This year, that is more of a retention story. So I think if you look at the difference between last year -- last year and this year, it continues to be strong governance. Obviously, we talked about the increase in wealth, the addition of Itiviti and then just really solid capital markets results as we go through. And I'm not sure if you have anything to add.
Tim Gokey: Sure, Michael. There's clearly a lot of increased uncertainty in the market and driven by higher inflation, the Russian invasion, rising rates, those had very little impact on our Q3 results. We just talked about the strong sales. We saw the strong record growth. Trading activity was modestly lower, but that was really more as we lapped last year's high volatility. We have a lot of visibility into Q4 at this point. Given the way the records close before the actual sending of communications, and we see strong continued record growth in Q4. So it's really being driven by the long-term trends that we've talked about in terms of market participation, digitization technology. As we look beyond that, the -- we do have some visibility into the first half of next year. And we do expect a return to more normalized levels. Our testing right now would be mid-single digits, but it's hard to say because it always continues to increase as you get closer to the event, and we're pretty far out right now. So it's -- I do think the growth will be lower than this year, and that's sort of the planning scenario that we're working on. And then we're seeing inflationary pressures like others, but the strong revenue growth we're seeing, the efficiencies we're enabling means that we think we can offset that and still deliver sort of the margin expansion that we typically talk about.
Tim Gokey: Yes, Patrick, I will -- I'll start on that and let Edmund add on to it. It is -- as we think about how the world is evolving and could we be in a more inflationary environment over time. Obviously, we have a large portion of our revenue -- of our total revenue that is pass-throughs. And so take that out, if we focus on fee revenue. The regulated part of that is about 25%. And as you know, those fees are fixed, but there's good underlying growth in those revenues with operating leverage. But about 75% are things that we renegotiate. They have CPI. And so I think there can be quarter-to-quarter even within year, impacts where you get the timing of that off. But overtime, we think that's something where these are solutions that are absolutely critical to our clients. They have high switching costs. And we have good long-term relations with our clients and where we end up being fair each other in terms of the value provided.
Tim Gokey: And Patrick, I just want to add on, because I'd say we are really pleased with the overall progress we're making in Itiviti. The integration is on track. The revenue and profitability objectives relative to our business case and are planned for this year, we're on track to achieve or more than achieve. And when you come down to the modular architecture, our focus on clients our long-term road map is really resonating. And so, as we look at the short, medium and long-term goals that we had, our near-term goal was to continue to take share by doing what Itiviti was doing before the acquisition, but with our backing. And we're really seeing that in continued wins of Fidessa clients and nice market share gains there. We had a medium-term goal around better penetrating their client base with Broadridge products and vice versa. And we've begun to see the beginnings of that. We had a nice front office plus cap sale for a large bank in North America. And then long-term is that linking front-to-back. And that is more of a long-term, even 18-month roadmap for phase developments there, but we have some really nice engagement by some of our key North American clients on that topic. So I think it's -- we really like the way this is playing out. Ray DiLorenzo, the leader there is doing a really nice job is creating a really strong team. And if you were to sit down with our Capital Markets team today and talk about what we can bring to the table in capital markets for any global player, is an incredibly impressive team.
Tim Gokey: Sure. And I'll make a couple of comments and let Edmund add on to it. As we have gone through periods of pockets of volatility over this first five months of the year. And we're doing measuring record growth almost weekly. We have seen continued record growth even when the market has been down. So in the near term, if you look over the past few months, we have not seen any correlation between market activity and record growth. So that's been a nice positive. I think, if you think about a bigger scenario, where there is some sort of real market wipe out, and we look back at past times when that has happened, say, 2008 or even going back to 1999. What happened in those instances was that, obviously, trading did what it did in the market levels do what it did, but position growth, basically remained positive, low, zero or maybe a little bit positive. But even 2008, 2009, overall position growth was moderately positive. So it definitely affects the growth, but we don't tend to see a big downturn. On the GTO side, our contracts there are much more much more fixed price than purely trading driven. So there's impact, but it is much more moderated than it would have been sometimes in the past. So I think we tend to be sort of a lagging indicator. And when markets go down, we tend to be not impacted as much, and then maybe it takes us a little bit longer to reaccelerate growth coming out of things. But right now, we're seeing really nice continued momentum.
Tim Gokey: Yeah, absolutely. And as I said before, this transformation that we are pursuing of digital wealth management is one of the most exciting initiatives that we have. And it's really creating modern technology cognitive solutions and scaling those across our GTO business. It has been really exciting this past quarter as we've seen the workstation go live, and it's been in beta the last year, but go live with 15,000 advisers, client service associates, home office associates and others and the feedback on that has been great. And that's added to – we have a billing solution for managed accounts that enables UBS to – rather than billing sort of at the beginning of the quarter or end of the quarter, to bill based on the average through the quarter. It's something really basically that every wealth manager needs and they've seen a really nice pickup in economics as a result of it. So those are some nice components that are live. And I think as we talked about before, we have worked with UBS to break this into more discrete chunks that will go live over time. The biggest of those is in mid-2023 and we've tied our revenue recognition to that. So that's why we keep talking about that number. And then just, as long as I'm on this topic, sort of the natural evolution is sort of where you see this going in the future. And I think, as I've talked about before, our thinking has really evolved to -- we've made this much more modular and as we engage with clients, they're looking to get to value sooner. And so we think this is going to be much more package of modular sales over time with other clients. And I talked about the event that I was involved with, with a large wealth manager a few years ago -- excuse me, on a few weeks ago, and it felt like years a few weeks ago. And when you see all of the different modules, which are now fully integrated into the workstation, you see all that playing together, it's very, very powerful. And so I think it's going to lead to a lot of opportunity, which obviously we're seeing already in some of our wealth sales.
Tim Gokey: Yes, Chris. I will -- it's a great question. I would say it is strategy driven in the sense of as one takes what used to be sort of a fully integrated all-in-one highly linked platform and evolve the technology and modernize it to be more API-driven, Microservices-driven and a series of components, it does enable the idea of modular sales a lot more. And so and there's a strategy, and you see that particularly in -- we talked about it in wealth, but you see it in capital markets, where our Global PostTrade management platform that we've talked about is, we're breaking that into components, and we're seeing nice component sales. We saw a nice component of sale to one of the largest international banks that -- where we haven't really penetrated them before, and we have a nice pipeline of those. So it's being enabled by how we're evolving our technology. I don't think that we have necessarily thought to ourselves, oh, we're going to go to banks now with just smaller things. But that's definitely the uptake that we're seeing in terms of where the demand is right now. We do have larger conversations in path. But as you know, those take a long time and are uncertain. So it'd be interesting to see how it evolves over the next couple of years. Frankly, I like lots of little ones better than the big ones, but they're all good.
Tim Gokey: Yes. And Chris, as you know, whenever I sit down with investors, I would say, when you look at our company, pull out the distribution revenue and look at the fee revenue, and that's really the right way to analyze the company in terms of growth and margin and other things. We do have constraints in terms of how we're able to report, so we end up reporting that as revenue, but it's really sort of immaterial to our -- the true economics of the company.
Tim Gokey: Thank you, Kate. That wraps us up for today. Thank you on the call for your interest and your confidence in Broadridge. And just to summarize, the strong results that we reported today and increased guidance that we provided being driven by long-term trends and success in our most significant strategic initiatives, including strong year-to-date closed sales. We believe we're making a real difference and this tremendous opportunity ahead for our investors, our clients, our associates and, of course, our shareholders. Thank you.
Edmund Reese: I think you admitted all. The only thing I'd add to that is, Millie, as you know, closed sales is more of a longer-term metric. What we are -- we continue to be focused on is our revenue backlog. And as you know, the last time we reported on that number, it was 12% of recurring revenue, and that gives us great visibility into the recurring revenue growth as well. So that's the only piece I'd add to what you have there, Tim.
Edmund Reese: The only thing I'd add to that because, again, you were thorough there, Tim, is as we said in our prepared remarks here, Michael, the fact that most of the sales are smaller sales, there are core less than $2 million in sales. It really gives us confidence in the value proposition across the entire product set. Tim talked about existing clients. We see strong existing products as well that are selling in our customer communications business. We've expanded the relationships from just print relationships into digital and have seen strong sales there as well. So again, I think it's broad-based and across our overall product portfolio.
Edmund Reese: Sure. Let me, make a few comments about that, Patrick, and then, I'll turn it over to Tim to see, if he wants to add anything. And let me just remind you, we had always said that Itiviti was a business that grew at mid-single-digit rates. As we brought it on, we'd be able to move that to high single-digit rates. And we thought that this year, it contributed seven to eight points to our overall recurring growth. And through the first three quarters is contributing nine9 points, so strong, strong performance there. That is primarily a subscription-like revenue model on SaaS on our hosted solutions here. There's a small component of it that's license revenue that the timing of that right license recognition change. We initially thought in a later time period that came into Q3. So that drove a small bump in the overall business. But I think the key thing is that we expect it to continue to perform this year in line with our expectations. And as we go forward, the overall contribution that we thought it would make to our three-year objectives still sits with what we thought at 2.5 to three points of growth.
Edmund Reese: I mean, we'll definitely come back in August with more specific guidance on fiscal 2023. I think we'll start to see us lapping a little bit the postage rate increases that we saw in this year here. But the other component of that is this shift from higher margin regulatory-driven distribution revenue to the customer communications. And we continue to have strong business there. We just showed 6% growth for the customer communications business, the sales continue to be strong in that business. So that is going to be ongoing margin headwind. But I think the key thing is that we continue to believe that we have a long runway of opportunity to drive efficiencies in our business and continue to drive 50 basis points of margin expansion, whether that's looking at our fixed infrastructure, the fact that even in that customer communications business, we move from print to digital, which is at a higher margin for us, and we continue to find in our technology stack efficiencies and saves as well. I think the key thing to keep in mind is that, that distribution revenue is fully pass-through. There's no earnings associated with it. So while it has an impact on our reported margin, there is no earnings associated with it, which makes us very confident that we can continue to drive the steady and consistent earnings growth in the range that we've set out for fiscal 2023 and be at the high end of that, in fact.
