Tim Gokey: Thanks, Jim. Broadridge is well positioned to weather any economic downturn and I've directed our team to prepare for an extended period of economic weakness. As always, we will balance the [sun time] competing imperatives of investing for what we believe is a very strong future and delivering bottom line growth in the near-term. Like others we will use this time to evaluate where we're devoting resources and to concentrate our efforts on those most relevant in the new environment. I'm confident we'll find the right balance, and I look forward to updating you on our next earnings call.I'm convinced that a long-term focus has never been more important. As we emerge from the crisis, the world will be a different place. As I talked to clients it is clear that the fallout will cause permanent shifts in the way they operate that strengthen the long-term drivers of our growth. We must ensure we'll be ready to help our clients with these challenges. First and foremost, the existing trends driving our growth around mutualization, digitization and data will only strengthen in this new normal. A big driver of mutualization has been the need by our clients to reduce the cost and complexity of their operations.Now, if financial services firms comes to grips with slower growth and near zero interest rates, they're need to transform their business with next generation technology will only increase. Our Wealth Management industry that was already in transition will only face more pressure to evolve. The need for digitized communications will grow. The challenges faced in the investment management industry have accelerated.And I’ve noted at the outset of my remarks, the importance of strong corporate governance will only increase as investors ensure the Board's apply hard earned lessons about business and financial risk. But the impact of COVID is going to do more than simply confirm existing trends. It will cause more fundamental changes in client operations. Every business leader has been forced to think more deeply about resilience of their technology and operations, creating an even greater impetus to adopt the right industry solutions with proven scalability and resilience.Simply put, the cost and risk of going it alone has never been greater.The impact a work from home is accelerating digital literacy and the demand for digitized communications. Where they're signing up for digital content or using remote learning tools more people are relying more than ever, on digital communications in every facet of their lives. This is only going to increase the pressure on financial services firms to raise the bar on delivering enhanced digital communications, whether it be a bill, statement, or regulatory disclosure. All these trends play to Broadridge‘s strength and will fuel our growth over the next decade or more.In a time of uncertainty, business fundamentals are more important than ever. And Broadridge’s fundamentals are strong. We have a highly resilient business model with recurring revenues under long-term contract built on providing mission critical services for leading institutions. We have a strong investment grade balance sheet, high liquidity, and a long history of balanced capital allocation, including a dividend that has increased every year since Broadridge, became a public company.And finally, we have a track record of delivering growth backed by 97%, client revenue retention, $330 million sales backlog and favorable long-term trends that have been reinforced by the crisis. So while the near-term remains understandably uncertain, we are well positioned in the longer term opportunity for Broadridge has never been stronger or more clear.Before I close, I want to speak directly to our associates around the globe listening to this call. To all of you working from home, in our production facilities, thank you. You've risen to the challenge under more difficult conditions than any of us could have imagined a few months ago. Thanks to you, our financial system has begun to adapt to the biggest economic shock of our lifetime, keeping vital services open to millions around the globe. I'm truly proud to be in your team. And the best is yet to come.Thank you. And we are now open for questions.
Tim Gokey: Yes. I don't know, Jim, you want you continue on the expense side, if you want me to grab that. Okay, we're not in the same room. So we're doing this over a WebEx. So you can imagine the hand waving that's going on. So the important thing as we go into next year is that we positioned ourselves for the future. And we think, as I said earlier, that there are real opportunities they are going to be coming out of this. And so we will definitely be investing in ‘21. At the same time, given our scenarios around revenue growth, we need to match our expense growth as well. And so we'll be looking very carefully at all of our expenses. And as you heard me say, we'll be looking at all the areas of investment we have to make sure that we're really focused on the ones that have the biggest impact in this in this new environment.
Tim Gokey: Yes, absolutely. It is [indiscernible] event driven revenues are core to our business. They can be quite volatile. They're attractive high margin business, and they grow over time in line with stock record growth. And what we're seeing right now is cyclical. We are not seeing any changes to the underlying structure for different reasons, both mutual fund proxy and equity contests are cyclical lows, typically, in these periods of high stress fund companies do what they can to put off these events. So we wouldn't expect to see that anything comeback really on the mutual fund side in a significant way. On the equity contest side, we've clearly seen a pullback and activism during the -- this part of the crisis, what lots of people are saying is that, that will be back in the future. So we'll have to see how that goes. I think the good news is that we're delivering 5% to 7% adjusted EPS growth in the face of this $90 million pullback in event this year, and we won't face that grow over next year. So I think with those points, we feel good about the contribution event we'll make in the future.
Tim Gokey: Yes, I think as you said these long-term conversations, it is definitely true that many firms experience challenges. I think that the trend toward mutualization will accelerate as in-house platforms make even less sense. And firm's ability to invest in those things versus other priorities that are more customer facing will be even lower. So we do see significant long-term opportunity. Those discussions typically do take a while. And then in terms of the other opportunities we're seeing, we're certainly expect that what we're seeing with virtual shareholder meetings, there will be some -- obviously, there are states that that did give a temporary, temporary reprieve. So those will go the other way. But I think people are going to see the success of this season, and how well those are going and getting very good feedback on them. And that will continue that trend. And obviously, as I said in my remarks, we believe that the trend towards digital communication continues to represent a real opportunity.
Tim Gokey: Yes. First of all, we just talked about March. It was interesting because we didn't have any sales that were above a $1.5 million in March. We had a lot of different solutions. And as you know, we have a pretty wide solutions set there and so, it was gratifying to see such a nice increase across a broad array of products. And as we look forward we think about the sales that will happen in the next six months or so those are based on conversations that are already taking place. And there's a nice balance of conversations across both the communication side of the business and the technology side of the business with some, we think some pretty exciting solutions that we are in discussions with clients. As we look at the period, beyond that, then we're getting into -- things will take longer, but it's interesting, one of the things we monitor very closely is our pipeline, our pipeline information of new opportunities and that is holding it very nicely. So what we're seeing is, not just at least March not just the continuation of sales, but also the continuation of the pipeline building.
Tim Gokey: Yes, okay. So just both good topics so, on implementations, this is certainly something that we are watching very carefully. We have been really impressed with how smoothly the transition to work from home has gone. And, it's going reasonably well for our clients as well. And so we are seeing -- we're not seeing a drop-off in productivity relative to our on-boarding projects. And so, it is something that we are going to watch very carefully and that we have in our scenarios. We looked at different scenarios for that. But we are not seeing any change or pushback in our major projects to-date.On the BRCC side -- we did and there's a couple pieces there Dan, there's -- that in that communications and fulfillment line, there's the post sale piece in those BRCC proper which is the transactional print piece. The post sale dynamics, very, very high volumes, this quarter relative to all of the trading activity in that more than made up for if you recall, we were planning a bit of a downtick there based on some changes and how people are handling managed accounts. But that was more than made up for by the volatility.And then on the BRCC side, as I mentioned at the last call, the offloading of major compliance is complete. And so we did see modest growth in Q3 from higher transaction volumes as the second quarter of stabilization and slight growth. For the year we're expecting BRCC to contribute to earnings but not to revenue growth.And we continue to have discussions with large clients about outsourcing their in-house transactional communications, and that's a part of that long-term hypothesis. And we are continuing progress on digital with more than 100 bond fund complexes on a digital platform and we expect further growth as they begin to take advantage of new capabilities. So we're feeling especially in this uncertain environment as a very stable business and we're feeling very solid about it.
Tim Gokey: Yes, Puneet. Great question, and we did make a lot of investments in fiscal ‘20. And we really like what we got and is making a nice impact on our business, particularly on the wealth management side. And that has left us with a little bit elevated leverage because we like being investment grade, we like to 2.0. And we're going to work that down here over this next quarter's, we have very strong cash flow. As we look forward, we want to put ourselves in a position of being very flexible going forward. And so let me just say ask Jim to, to comment further and give us any additional color on that.
Tim Gokey: Well, for virtual shareholder meetings, it is that -- it's not just doing a WebEx or a webcast, it is -- there is real capabilities required to validate shareholders and to provide voting in real time the transfer agents have created a competing offer basically and we provide information to them to allow them to do that. The -- their offers are much more nascent than others. We've been doing it for a long time, and, frankly do our bit more clunky. So, we do have a strong advantage in this. And it's something that we – we think we can do really well for people.
Tim Gokey: Yes, thank you for that question. It is -- that really remains very much on track. We are -- we've continued to be very excited about the overall opportunity in Wealth Management and with UBS. And as you saw, we appointed Mike Alexander to lead our Wealth Management business. So that is a key step there. We are investing significantly in that engagement for UBS and for the platform to really create what we think is the platform, the future that will be very attractive for others in the industry, and that project remains on track. And it's one of those examples of some large project and we could have seen a change but we're working very effectively in the remote environment.And then just stepping back from UBS talk more broadly about wealth, we feel really good about that. Overall opportunity, when you look at the M&A we've done over the past year, there's a fair bit of it that was in and around Wealth Management. And that has led to a lot of good discussions across the spectrum and Wealth Management space. We are having a number of discussions with large wealth managers, nothing imminent, but there are real pain points we can solve around helping people move to more open architecture platform in the future.
Tim Gokey: Good. I was going to -- I do want to summarize here, I just want to mention, I want to just expand on one answer that we talked about previously was just -- we got into a discussion about capital allocation. And I did just want to mention, we just paid our dividend and that is something that we continue to think is important going forward.So we remain committed to our dividend and that was something I just think it's important in the context of the call for that to be out there. So with that, I want to thank you for joining today. These are unprecedented times and because of what we do and because of how we're doing it Broadridge is resilient and performing strongly. We expect, as Jim said, a strong fourth quarter. And while there is uncertainty around ‘21, we are positioned well, and we see real opportunity as the world evolves to a new normal. So thank you very much for joining today. And we appreciate the support. Thank you.
Jim Young: Yes. Thanks, David. Yes, in the position growth scenarios and look, again, very preliminary and we'll come back in August with all of our details. But in the scenarios we laid out, yes, we're seeing -- we would assume that position growth goes from high single-digits to low single-digits, and even flat in -- as we saw in the global financial crisis. So that's embedded in some of our thinking for those scenarios. On event, obviously, it's not in that recurring revenue. We haven't called it out probably just too early, but obviously, we are staring at remarkable lows of $155 million, which takes us back seven, eight years. And we are -- so I think, all in all, that's a good base to start-off just given -- no one can call bottom but, clearly a good base to build-off, but we'll come back in August with our thoughts on event recognizing that's always the toughest line item, to get.
Jim Young: Tim got it right, I think near-term goal is to end the year, much closer to our two times number, which I think keeps us in really good shape and a lot of flexibility for all of the capital allocation priorities we have, and I think it'll leave us in a really good position to be opportunistic down the road, but we'll be making sure that we are ready and nimble and healthy.
Jim Young: Yes, Puneet a great question. These are not major events in and of themselves you know, think of a ticket price of anywhere from $10,000 to $15,000 per meeting. And so by themselves, they -- they're nice is not going to materially move the ICS line. What it does do though is it really cements our relationship with those companies with the Corporate Secretary, the Assistant Corporate Secretary, and it leads over time to us being able to help them in other ways. And our vision as you know is to provide a very holistic approach to the annual meeting where we're doing a number of the services in and around the annual meeting. And so, we have been doing the proxy piece. But as we go out to the other services in and around that we think we can make it much more convenient and much deeper relationships with our corporate issuer clients.
Jim Young: Yes, Patrick, this is Jim. The -- it's one of the same, we will do a final true up year-end, but we are -- our estimate right now is that it's somewhat similar, which means we've added $120 plus million in sales this year, and we've on-boarded somewhat similar amounts. So you're back to a similar place. Obviously, if we have the strong Q4 that we're planning that we would be adding to that in the fourth quarter and again, we'll come back and through this all up and August.
