James M. Young: Dave, this is Jim. The business is largely performing in line with our acquisition business case, I would say that fees are relatively close. As I just mentioned, distribution revenues came in a lot lower as the mix of clients and the performance was different than we expected but, as you may know, from that business the distribution revenue is truly pass through. So on an earnings basis, contributing in expectation with our original guidance on this, which is $0.11 to $0.14, we're still expecting that type of contribution for the year. So we're pleased from that standpoint. Integration is going well. In particular, the real prize is achieving those synergies, which we're well on our way, as Rich mentioned. And I think importantly, Rich should comment on the strategic aspects of the deal.
James M. Young: Sure. Thanks, Chris. First off, as you noted, GTO is performing really well. In our outlook, we increased the revenue outlook to 6% to 9% revenue growth, 4% to 6%. And as you've pointed out, we increased the margin from about 18.5% to 19.5%, and as you said 19.5% below the second quarter number. Really, Chris, overall really positive. So you have two factors that are showing up in Q2. One are we had a healthy trade quarter, 11% equity volume, as we've explained before that comes in at very high margin, so that's always a margin booster in the quarter it happens. We're not forecasting that type of outperformance to hold for the full year. And then the recurring part on the positive side that we talked about is we've made a number of efficiency initiatives, some of them which we took the charges for last year in our results and we're now seeing the benefit. That will stay with us. That's going to be in terms of where you are maybe less visible, but the more visible one in the quarter is certainly the equity trades.
James M. Young: And, Chris, just sort of on the financials, as we talked about last time, if the processing business that we want from Scottrade weren't to materialize, long-term we'd say that's about a $0.03 impact on a run rate basis for the year. We had assumed very modest contributions from that business, and we have no assumptions at this time about any one-time fees associated with protective provisions in the contract.
James M. Young: Yes. Interim positions, Darrin, at 1%. And right now as best we can tell, we're holding our outlook for 1% for the year until we learn more. And on the equity proxy side, our growth was 4%, and as we said, that would be consistent with our expectations for the full year.
James M. Young: Patrick, good morning. This is Jim. Obviously, the business that has natural scale in it, and as we continue with the sales momentum, we do see the opportunity for margins to continue to climb. As we said overall for Broadridge, we think the opportunity is about 50 basis points per year of margin expansion on an average basis. I think GTO resembles that, although we're obviously outpacing that at the moment. So beyond sort of thinking about a 50 basis point margin expansion per year, no other real long-term guidance other than as we continue adding the types of deals that Rich mentioned earlier, which typically have contribution margins in the 40% and up range, we should continue to drive margins there.
James M. Young: Yeah. Patrick, as you said – this is Jim – that is a relatively small item growing on a pace of like $67 million or something like that. So, we do have expectations that that grows higher, closer to double-digit growth. But you can see some ups and downs in given quarters. So for instance, we'll have some of these newer businesses that you can actually have a professional services component as it's on-boarding new business. And if we miss that by a couple million dollars or something like that, across a series of the advisor or data analytics businesses, that can cause a blip in that growth rate. We'd still project that segment, that area to have growth – organic growth greater than the overall Broadridge growth. I also think what's noteworthy, I look more to the forward indicators on that one, or when I look at the sales on a record quarter, data analytics or this other ICS that you pointed out, Patrick, is disproportionately contributes to that sales number north of 25% of those sales. So again, the indicators are very strong in the near term. There can always be a blip or two in the short-term.
Richard J. Daly: Yeah. So Dave, when we did that separate call on the NACC transaction, we emphasized that it's the overall strategy and the importance of content that we came to realize as we had two years into our digital strategy. The thing that I'm particularly pleased about is that the management integration, we believe, has gone as well as one could ever expect it to go. The teams are working exceptionally well together and I feel very, very good about that. I also feel very good about where NACC was investing was in making the existing processes far more efficient. So for example, they've got a technology called InFact, which really enables the comingling of content to achieve maximum five-digit postal discounts. And when you're dealing with that kind of volume and that amount of distribution revenue, that makes you a very, very attractive provider. They have also invested heavily on technology to be able to onboard new clients far more effectively. Our technology was very, very focused on the digital capabilities. For our existing clients, we probably will be able to get them additional efficiencies and postal discounts. For their clients, they are very excited to hear our multi-channel capabilities, which ties back to that press release we did at Money 20/20. And beyond that, in terms of the dialogues we're having about the future, the amount of content we have makes us arguably the most meaningful player that can convert meaningful content to consumers into digital as we go forward. Now again, that's forward-looking in terms of where we are. In terms of the near-term, we do believe that this is going in line with what our expectations were and we believe that the way the teams are operating, we should still be able to have some success in the marketplace in the traditional model. But again, the key reason we did it was our belief that particularly for our important financial services content, this gives us a far better ability to impact the conversion to digital going forward, very similar to the way we led ED a decade plus ago in our Communications business.
Richard J. Daly: So, Chris, this is Rich. As far as the relationship with Scottrade, let me first talk about it on a macro basis. We have a strong relationship with Scottrade, TD Ameritrade and TD overall going right through – I have a relationship with the CEO of TD overall and an exceptionally high regard for the management of all three organizations. So it's always positive when you have open communications. The timing of this transaction to close is probably the second half of the calendar year, generally round numbers there. And one of the things is we're doing meaningful business with all three firms today even before they were committed, Scottrade as an independent company to come onto our platform. So we will in every situation and in particularly in this situation remain committed to their success and the success of the transaction as it goes forward. Now, it's a pretty complicated relationship, okay, which because of the, I'll call it, the quality of management on both sides, and I like to believe because of a high level of respect between the managements on both sides, there will be lots of dialogues about how to best make this a success for them, and we're going to be as flexible as we need to be to enable it to be successful. So that's a long answer to say, there's a lot of moving parts here right now, and although we have some idea of what their preferred direction is, until it's final we don't know. And even if it was final, okay, we're not going to be at liberty to disclose their strategy as we go forward. I expect Broadridge to continue to be a meaningful part of the new TD Ameritrade combined with Scottrade going forward, when it closes as well as TD Bank.
Richard J. Daly: Right. Well, of course there's always termination fees, because of the investments we made, et cetera. But I'd always prefer to get recurring revenue versus a termination fee.
Richard J. Daly: Sure. Let me start with DOL. What I would like is DOL to get decided, because I really do believe that, in particularly financial consultants are concerned about putting invested into new assets, until they understand the full implications of that. We don't have the ability other than with conversations with clients to tie that to some of the slowdown in mutual fund interim growth. All right. So we're not relying on that as being the driver. However, that is one piece that consistently comes up in conversations, including the dinner I had last night. All right. So making a decision on that to me – and making a decision on anything candidly, and knowing what the decision is, is always the most important thing. When you talk about Dodd-Frank, the way it works with our client on our value proposition, so the pieces that Dodd-Frank are going to be in or the pieces that Dodd-Frank that are anticipated to be in, people on our platform had the benefit of us doing the heavy lifting, okay. People not on our platform had to go through the pain of doing the heavy lifting themselves. So it gave them more reason to want to be on our platform. Darrin, in the case of Barclays, it's a very good example, where with all the complications to business that was on a (46:54) complication Barclays needed to deal with, given their relationship with Broadridge. So I don't see a lot of change coming to us, as it relates to Dodd-Frank in terms of anything other than if it increases the ability for people to have more capital and then more trading activity, I can't see how that could ever be viewed as a negative, all righty. So we're not planning on that at this point in time. And when it comes to regulatory changes, I think it was even in today's Journal, I think talked about any changes to Dodd-Frank are likely to be met – aka, rolling it back, are likely to be met with litigation, et cetera. So we run the business based on the facts of here and now. More importantly to us, whether it be the transactions you heard about what we do with that large Tier 1 global bank who is now doing equities and fixed income with us at an extraordinarily deep level, all right, whether it be as you look at what we're doing with tax to make lariat (48:10). If the tax code gets simpler, okay, and there really are less pages in the tax code, it'll be the first time the tax code ever got simpler and there were less pages. And even that will still complicate what's going on for our broker-dealer client, at least to implement it and to make sense of it. So the things that we're doing around tax reporting, the things that we're doing around equity trade processing, the things that we're looking to do to take cost out, whether it be in the processing side of the world or the communications side of the world, is where Broadridge's future lies. The thing that – the reason I talk about confidence and the reason I talk about it being a solid quarter is, as an independent company, we continue to make progress, to make what we do more efficient and make the delta between somebody doing it in-house versus relying on us a wider gap for them to justify doing it in-house across everything Broadridge does. So it's not so much regulatory change as it is technology-driven activities that will continue to enable Broadridge to grow.
Richard J. Daly: That's correct. All right. And again, driving more efficient communications, driving more activity across whether it be corporate issuers, mutual funds, the broker dealer pieces that are out there.
Richard J. Daly: Sure. Our position in proxy is unique. So let me take a step back on blockchain. The challenge for blockchain – the opportunity for blockchain is great. There's going to be lots of things that in some of the activities they're talking about, the people are going to be concerned about data security and things of that nature. But there's no question that the technology could enable far more efficiency than the current technologies being used today. The challenge is you would need everybody onto the same platform to use it. What's unique about proxy is in essence through Broadridge, the vast majority of people are already on the same platform. So we could enable, for example, an issuer who want to participate in blockchain and have instant updates to their voting results right up until the time they close the polls, okay, and the ability for people to change balances and whatnot, if shares were moved, et cetera, to be the full benefits of blockchain. So we think we're in a unique position to rollout a blockchain application at the level of proxy, because we're in essence putting everybody on the same platform. Our technology group is now working with the Inveshare technology all right, and with that we believe we have a timeline to be in a position to have a blockchain capability over the next couple of years, all right. And we'll be making announcements as it relates to blockchain, whether it be proxy on a global basis or proxy on a domestic basis periodically over the next, call it, two years.
