Tim Gokey: Hey, David it is Tim. And I'll just jump in on that. It really includes very little from that onboarding to achieve that. And look we continue to feel really good about the prospects for GTO. The long-term growth what we're seeing in backlog, what we're seeing in sales, what we're seeing in client discussions and this temporary lull due to trading comps and some items last year and our implementation mix service is temporary. And I just wanted to make a comment on the implementations mix because as we move to these longer and larger projects it is actually a positive because of the notion of that is the projects when they are implemented are larger and that is what is fueling our long-term growth. So irrespective of that onboarding we do expect a mid-single digits in Q4 and we also expect a solid 2020 and feel good about it.
Tim Gokey: Absolutely. We feel really good about the progress specifically on end-to-end confirmation. This letter that I mentioned in the call in getting the Council of Institutional Investors the Society of Corporate Secretaries and the broker-dealers as represented by Sigma to all agree is very unusual. And we have done – been getting really strong positive feedback from regulators who would really like to see an industry solution here. And so the technology exists for this it has already been piloted and it is – it will really enhance what is already a world leading process. So we feel good about that. And we would just see it as a part of a pattern of creating continuing more value for all constituents.
Tim Gokey: Sure Patrick. First of all, just on the plumbing, I think that the main focus is on this question of end-to-end confirmation. And I think there will be further consultations around that. And we do expect that there will be some guidance there that will enable the industry to move forward on that. And that's something that we see as a positive. On the fees, we don't have a specific update on the fees since that submission in October and there is no real time line for what it would be if it did happen although as we said before we think it would be likely to be lengthy. What we think is most notable here is the work that we're doing with the funds to help them prepare for 30e-3. Almost 10 years ago, when Notice and Access was implemented for corporate issuers, it really changed our position with public companies as they consulted with us on how to maximize the benefit from Notice and Access then. And we're seeing the same opportunity here as we're working with -- as we said more than 100 funds to help them drive savings through 30e-3, but also continued digitization. And now we are saving the industry as we said before relative to 10 years ago $400 million a year, we see the opportunities for next $400 million in savings and again as part of the theme of continually to drive -- continue to drive value to all the constituents. So I think as all that takes place, we feel good about how we're positioned in the industry and with our clients.
Tim Gokey: Sure. I think the things that we are continuing to execute on there are, first of all continuing to drive new sales and we do have a nice backlog in that business and we're working to onboard that. And that will help ameliorate this ongoing rolloff of that client. We are continuing to drive pretty strong synergies and I think we have commented that we've achieved nearly $50 million to-date. And creating that cost position, which by the way has really neutralized any earnings impact of the revenue -- revenues we've been talking about. So continue to drive cost which both neutralized any decline, but also gives us a stronger position for driving future growth. And then last is really continuing to drive digitization because, remember that the ultimate goal here is to help all of those clients get to a digital future. And that is -- that trend in the industry has taken longer than we expected, but we think we're really well positioned to help clients in the future as they make that transition and that will put us really on the right path and maybe a smaller business, but a higher margin business of that type.
Tim Gokey: Let me gives a little broader context and then sort of jump into specific question. So, M&A really -- it does continue to be a core strategy for us. And I said before on other occasions, in Fintech is sort of Evergreen for M&A, because there are always new problems cropping up. And we have the opportunity to look across the landscape and find a really good pieces of technology and to bring those into our ecosystem for clients. And we also know that the M&A market is very expensive right now. And so we need to work harder than ever on proprietary -- some of the proprietary transactions where we bring the value and we think that TD and Rockall are both great examples of that. We have a very robust pipeline going forward and that represents a mix of size deals, some ones that are traditional tuck-ins to ones that are somewhat larger. And we would -- we really feel that the constraint right now. If you think about going back to the Matrix transaction. At that time, relative to our market cap, that would be a $1 billion transaction today. So, we don't feel constrained on this size. What we really are focused on is what are the things that are uniquely additive to our capabilities where we can create strong value for our shareholders. And Jim is just going to add on here a little bit.
Tim Gokey: Hey, Pete, it's Tim Gokey. That is something that we think will happen in mid-calendar 2021. So, it is a ways out, but remember we have an existing wealth business with a lot of existing wealth solutions and we continue to sell those and to grow that business. So, we think that this platform will intersect with that existing business and create something that's even stronger, without speaking any names. We're certainly having some very good client conversations around our future wealth ecosystem and obviously as we gets closer to coming live, it will be a time to -- where those could come to fruition.
Tim Gokey: That's right. Pete remember, as we develop in this particular case the wealth solution for UBS, those costs are all capitalized, and then we'll begin recognition when the revenue goes live. So they are very much in our cash flows recognizing that with any of our client deals, we're also taking in cash during that period that all goes to the balance sheet. So from a P&L standpoint, over the next year or so, really nothing of note.
Tim Gokey: Yeah. Andrew, this is Tim. First of all on the closed sale, it really is a very well-balanced mix. There was not any major single deal that was a driver, and so it's a really nice balance that we saw. And as we think about the implementation, it is -- we clearly are increasing our capacity to onboard these clients. And as we talked about in the conversation with Peter, as we do that we are adding resources. That is something that really flows through the balance sheet until those implementations go live. And then we see the amortized cost and revenue from these begin to flow at that time. So, during the implementation phase, in many cases we are receiving revenue but we're also building a gross that goes in the balance sheet. But we're definitely are expanding capacity. And looking at how do we make these as fast and as efficient and effective as possible and because we see a lot of activity down the pike and so that is a real under lever for us.
Tim Gokey: Yeah, Chris its Tim on that first of all just starting with the very lasting perspective of revenue recognition does not affect the calculation. It's all sort of an apples-to-apples basis. I think that remember we did have a very strong Q2, but remember that whole first half is less than 20%. And so it's really -- it doesn't create that productive a comparison. When we were here in February, we said at that time that we've done tests. And we expected mid-single digits. And its true Q2 was a little below that sort of just based on the prior-year comp. But I think we feel pretty good about mid-single digits for the entire year. And the entire year is really the best place to look at. Overall just the other thing I'd say overall is that both stock record growth and interims over the long term they are driven by underlying account growth, they are driven by growth in managed accounts, and they are driven by growth in model-based investing which includes robos. And so we think that mid-single digit it flows a little bit up and down through the year, but we think that's a really good long-term trend.
Tim Gokey: Yeah we're not -- Chris we're not seeing that. We're just seeing that when someone goes into a robo model what might have been four positions in an account now becomes 13 to 30. And but we're not seeing people creating sort of full indexes.
Tim Gokey: Okay. So let me just thank everyone for joining in today. And we continue to believe that we have the strong market positions across governance capital markets and wealth management. And our platform-based business model really creates unique value for both clients and shareholders, that we have a significant long-term growth opportunity that is supported by clear long-term trends. And we think that that model and that opportunity, long-term focus will provide sustained growth and shareholder value for a long time to come. We think this quarter and the outlook for the year that we shared are just further confirmation of that long-term perspective. And so we look forward to talking to you again in August.
Jim Young: Sure. Oscar this is Jim. Obviously, just as a context, event has contributed nicely over the last few years, obviously a record year last year even down 10% to 20% this year is a really strong good contributions for us. Also put into your context, this is you're talking about 5%, 6% of our total revenue, so as we think ahead to next year, we are obviously in the midst of developing of our operating plans, too early to give you an event-driven outlook. That said, we take into account just as you said the calendars of major institutions, complexes many of whom have gone out over the last couple of years, look at activist activity, we look at mutual fund merger activity, activists and contests announcements et cetera. And obviously in August, we'll give you a full view of where -- of our best thinking recognizing, we're very good kind of 90 plus days out, but we have enough underlying trends in analytics that we are able to triangulate around our outlook. And then just as a final reminder when we look long-term over event driven, it continues to be a really nice grower, growing in line with position. So independent of any one year, this has continued to be a nice contributor to Broadridge.
Jim Young: And Oscar, just on the capacity question. Obviously, we ended the quarter at 1.5 times leverage, well below our 2.0 target leverage. As Tim just said, we don't feel constrained. We obviously have room within that. As we have said before, if there was such a transaction, certainly there's an opportunity to go a little bit over and come back down in a short period, but again that is not a driver, but it does give us a lot of flexibility in this market.
Jim Young: Hey, Pete, it is Jim. On the -- really we're just at the moment just focused on the two deals we announced, the TD assets and Rockall, which combined are in around less than 1% of our recurring revenue which gets you pretty close to, I think, the estimates you just made. So, not massive, but nice contributors.
Jim Young: Connor, this is Jim. The majority is certainly coming from customer communication, and clearly those types of communication have a high ratio of post distribution cost to the fees themselves. And then within that, you can get various mailings that could be even above that ratio. So it's really customer communication, no specific callout as Tim said, the distribution revenue could be a bit of a red herring, because it will move around obviously a bit of a pebble in our shoe this year. But nothing that is material at all to our earnings, and as you saw, in fact, we're taking up our operating income margin as that -- no margin revenue comes out of our -- out of the P&L.
Jim Young: Thanks Connor. Yeah. We're really pleased with where we are. If you remember, we set out an EPS CAGR of 14% to 18% inclusive of the Tax Act benefit we picked up, and recurring organic growth of about 5% to 7% all in with M&A 7% to 9%. So we feel like we're really tracking well against all those a little less on the inorganic piece, although too early to rule out anything at this point. The margin, specifically to your question, obviously we called for 50 basis points of margin expansion per year. I think if you take our guidance for this year plus what we delivered last year north of that 50 basis points, we're essentially there. But no, we are not done. And we obviously are ramping up our planning now for next year. As you say we will be back in August, but we feel really good with where we are, what we’ve done against those targets, and we'll be excited in August to share our guidance for next year.
