Richard J. Daly: I'm going to have Jim's going. David, when we were preparing for this call, I said, okay, Jim, you're going to be the most important guys in this call, because it really is something that we wanted to give you that clarity. So, I'm pleased that you recognized the effort there. And after Jim goes, I'll provide some color.
Richard J. Daly: I'm sorry, David. And even beyond that, so the thing that I try to emphasize, David, beyond giving you specifics that you could use as you think about the rest of this year and 2017 and what Jim discussed, is that the sales revenue, I did call out specifically that I'm pleased with, all right. And we traditionally have been a backend company – a backend-of-the-year company in terms of sales performance. So, my cardiologist is pleased with this year's performance to date as well as last year's performance. As you know, we went into certain years, where we really had to do, it seem like, the majority of the activity in the fourth quarter. So, sales will clearly be one of the things as I look to next year and the ability to convert the backlog we have and conversion rate now as well as new sales converting to some degree, it feels good in terms of the revenue we can control. There's still lots of activities within the industry and I tried to highlight that as well, where I think Broadridge will continue to play a role as we go forward. And again that's revenue growth within our control as well. Event-driven for the year will be slightly better. It's still creeping up to what expect to be the new norm to be with about, I don't know, somewhere around 15%-or-so of positions requiring a proxy at least in the mutual funds space, which is what our data still tells us we should be expecting, simply because mutual fund directors don't live forever and don't serve forever. At a point in time, you need to go out there and reaffirm by the shareholders the majority of the directors when you drop down below two-thirds. As far as expenses go, Dave, we did call out on as well and we specifically did that because we always explain at Broadridge when we do acquisitions, look, first thing we go in there is we really needed to get it to our standards in data security and processing. It's very rarely at that level. Last year, we were very pleased that we had some very solid transactions. But we knew we would be investing in that. That gives us the normal cycle and activity of looking for efficiencies slightly at a higher level right now. And Jim called out you're going to see some of that reflected in expense getting ready for that in the fourth quarter. But we expect that to be a benefit as we go forward into next year as well.
Richard J. Daly: Dave, it's pretty balanced, without question. Had we not done really what large – the largest investors are calling out to do, which is to continue to invest in your business, okay, in good times and bad. Had we not done that, we would not be in a position of strength that we're in. You should expect us to continue to invest in the product as we go forward. The dynamics of our industry, but I am sure that – I don't know – maybe they're making batteries for cars or something, the dynamics are equally complicated and opportunistic. But the dynamics of our industry right now, where the ROEs of our clients are clear, and this isn't dailies view. This is the every industry publication talking about the needs to be more focused on getting cost out and finding overall utility-like solutions to drive these activities to really place to Broadridge. And Dave, that's why I highlighted that it's amazing to at times the pricing pressure, which is understandable given the ROE challenges. But it wouldn't be fair for me to call that out as just a problem, because it's more than offset by the opportunity we have by driving more solutions into the industry. And so, we feel good about the product set, which continues to expand. We feel very good about the activities that are going on. We feel good about the investments we've made a couple of years ago and sales leadership and sales management activities, okay, which are still ongoing at Broadridge. And so, we believe that what we set out to do we're better positioned than ever, which just control more of our destiny. Okay. So that by selling the script in normal market fluctuations, including something we saw this year, we have enough control on our destiny to put enough points on the board to maintain our trajectory that we're on right now.
Richard J. Daly: Well, SocGen is live and living. All right. So, that we believe was a proof point that large clients, like Barclays, needed to see. All right? It's certainly aided in that transaction closing. There is another entity, which we still can't publicly discuss, who is right in the sweet spot of going live. All right? And so, Barclays clearly is going to add so much size and scale to that, there has been lots of dialogs that have been driven by that. Our primary goal right now is to make sure that convergence goes seamlessly and as quickly as possible, recognizing it's a pretty complex transaction. At this point, I'm not willing to give you a date in terms of that. But transactions like that generate momentum for us in terms of sales dialogs around the globe.
Richard J. Daly: Yeah. Darrin, good morning. I've been involved with stock record growth since 1979. And with all the effort we do, it's never easy to say that it's going – to the percentage point, this is what will or won't happen. Let me give you a couple of thoughts here. I was not particularly pleased when the market was getting more than squirrely, at the end of January, okay, going into February, when the largest company's record dates start to fall. All right? So, with that said, it takes a lot of activity, good or bad, to dramatically impact stock record over a short period of time, very, very different than trading activity. Okay? On the mutual fund side, that also had us saying, okay, so what might be different. And candidly, we weren't the ones who came up with this. But in recent dialogs with one of the largest wealth managers, particularly with funds being their vehicle that they have their clients investment in, they pointed out to us that their FCs are very hesitant to the changing investments in retirement accounts, which are about a third of the retail accounts out there, because what's going on in the DOL rules. I don't have any ability to say that is or isn't the case. What I do believe is the following Darrin. Having done this now for three-and-a-half decades, I will tell you that investors need places to invest, all right, and fund products whether it be traditional funds or ETFs, continue to meet that need for lots of retail investors, all right. And if you're looking to save, heaven know you're not going to use a money market fund that will pay you a basis point. And I don't even know if you know buying a 10-year treasury gives any one the ability to build wealth at the level we need to whether it'd be to retire someday or fund the kids education. So, because I've been doing the stock record piece for so long, even though it's not a variable within our control, that's not one of the variables that I think about for long – as I think about the long term of Broadridge, that keeps me up at night.
Richard J. Daly: There's really is no clear insight. When we were back in the financial crisis, certainly on the equity side, we would have killed for this year's stock record activity.
Richard J. Daly: And now – Jim going to take the first shot at this. We may need you to clarify something. You're coming through just slightly garbled.
Richard J. Daly: I apologize. To net it out, that's why I keep referring, Darrin, to we have multiple levers, right. And our senior management team on a very recurring basis sit down and discuss do we have what we need to control revenue growth within our own destiny. Right. And that's why the build by strategy, we believe, is so critical to where we are today and as we go forward.
Richard J. Daly: Pete, it's – the latest release added, I'll call it, one could argue more flexibility, but there are legal aspects of it and I'm being told by virtually everyone that until that's better understood, it's not providing the complete clarity that certainly, I think, the industry will have desired. All right? That's why what I said in the script remains very fluid. There will likely be needs to communicate with clients and we certainly – given that we do the vast majority of communications with people already, we're talking with people about that what that could mean. In terms of the processing capabilities, we have Level Comp solutions out of there. We've got other solutions out there. I'm not sure to what degree – with the big – or the best interest contract out there, I'm not sure to what degree this is going to create dramatically different processing activities out there, but Pete, clearly don't view Rich Daly as the expert in this. We have people here, I just met with them last Friday, to walk through and it's a number of strategy people, to walk through the complexity of the rule, the various components in it. And we're out there with, I think, it's an 8 points that you need to know about this rule that we're sharing with clients right now from our perspective, and discussing with them what they need to do first, from their perspective, before we come back with can help or can't we help on, from our perspective.
Richard J. Daly: I don't see how that really impacts us. We don't have a fee-based activity at Broadridge in terms of our processing and GTO. And communications are tied to positions not, to fees, not to commissions, not to any of those activities. We have a fee-based business and metrics, where we do have a Level Comp solution, right, and we do have an open architecture solution, which enables, for retirement, large and small broker dealers to service small retirement accounts very, very cost effectively. And we do see the focus on fees and our retirement is 401(k), not IRAs, and but we do see the pressure on fees and the exposure on fees in the case base as well, making our solution there more attractive. And so, we continue to be pleased that we have those capabilities and we also believe that in that business, there will be pressure on fees even though we're working on a very, very low number of basis points right now. And that's why I try to allude not just in whether it be retirement, but across everything that everyone does, pricing pressure does remain a reality in the market, but I did want to call out again, I don't recall a times since I've been CEO and if I look back in my carrier, I probably don't recall a time when pricing pressure didn't exists.
Richard J. Daly: Well, first of all, we really have such a diverse client base out there. I'm not going to talk about any specific firm. I'm not aware of anything and I just went through this in the Audit Committee meeting. Our receivables continue to be very impressive and it turns out Jim and his team, always find ways, it seems, to accelerate the payment cycle. So, I'm not aware of anything that we're talking about, any degree with any exposure that would be noteworthy. Okay. And one other thing, Pete, my experience has been the things I worried about in these cases rarely are the ones at company. It's the ones I wasn't worried about that seem to show up. So, my view is that our clients overall are performing in a healthy manner.
Richard J. Daly: The great scholar, philosopher Yogi Berra is right, it's not over till it's over, Chris. So, the other thing I always emphasize and even though we sweat a specific number in a 12-month period, something closes in June and something closes in July, candidly, to me is irrelevant. What's relevant is how quickly it converts to revenues. So, I'm pleased where we are year to date. I'm pleased with the product set we have. We're always looking for ways to expand the product set. You heard us talk about continued investment in the business. We think this is the right way to run Broadridge for the long term. We are absolutely running it for the long term. And so, all in all, I'm pleased that we are where we are year to date. And Chris Perry and his team are going to continue to work very hard through the last quarter, maybe take the night off on June 30th and get back on July 1 and continue to push.
Richard J. Daly: I'd call it a little of both. Okay? Because we were so focused on not wanting to be in a non-recurring activity, we probably passed on more opportunity than we should have. Okay? And the way we passed on it was we weren't staffed or resourced for it. All right? So, we find now that in a lot of the larger conversions, some which are going on right now, I don't want to call out specific names, but by having either professional service capability, not one that competes with the mega consultants, okay, but one that really goes to our sweet spot of expertise as well as bringing partners into the transaction, we can really enable our clients who need the resource to get to some of these activities and take the cost down. We really can enable them to do it better and we find that it aides the selling process. So, you could say that this is a result of the consultive selling approach we've been taking, all right. And it's definitely related to that. But it's an evolution, it's not a revolution. Okay.
Richard J. Daly: Yeah. Overall, in the E&A aspect, which I highlighted a few times during the script and as well as during the Q&A, I put it in the category of investing in our business, buying a building. But specifically, on the acquisition portfolio, we set out on the tuck-in path a couple of years after being a company, we've paid down the debt to an acceptable level from the spin. You are always concerned about, okay, what happens if you don't make the numbers. Having a number of acquisitions we have out there right now and really tracking very close to the very high IRR standard we've set, and I set that more for an internal reason than an external reason, because if you say, you have a 20% hurdle, you're more likely to get to 15%, which is a very, very attractive and acceptable number. Right? So, all-in-all, the acquired products and the Broadridge halo of putting these products under Broadridge and Direxxis, I think, is a great example of that. And I put virtually everything else we're doing under that category as well, where being in our level of data security, being in our level of reliability, being in our level of restructure, having the certifications we have, doing the SSAE 16s on these services where we can truly demonstrate to people we have a document with an outside independent third-party confirming that we've compliance, really has given a credibility and it is a big part of our sales activity. And you should expect us to be looking to run the business this way going forward.
Richard J. Daly: All right. Well, first of all, thank you for your participation. And Jim, Brian or I will be looking forward to seeing, hopefully, many of you at our upcoming Investor Day lunch in New York City on May 10th. As always, we look forward to hearing your thought and comments. And although it's been a bit of a rainy run here, we're all going to choose to have a great day here and we hope you do the same. Thanks so much for your participation.
James M. Young: Thanks, Dave. As you said, it is a little early, even preliminary to talk about FY 2017. You mentioned specifically about event-driven, the reality is, by definition, we don't have great visibility into this. So, way too early to comment on what we see, other than again over a long period of time, we've seen good growth there as record positions continue to grow. But no specifics on any of those one line items. And no other callout at this point other than obviously we're committed to our three-year objectives, but certainly give you some idea of our expectations for fiscal year 2017.
James M. Young: Darrin, I think – let me see if I – I think I heard you, you can correct me if I'm wrong. Just sort of the underlying drivers of the sustained kind of growth in ICS, which obviously up 15% (51:54)...
James M. Young: Yeah, Darrin, the way I would break it down is – and this quarter is fairly representative, 7 points of that 15% recurring growth is coming from the acquisitions. So, if we take that out and you're really looking at 8 points, almost all that coming from our net new business, so really a sales story. And then, within that, Darrin, rough estimate, maybe half of that is coming from some of those newer businesses, specifically data and analytics, but also still getting good contributions from certain – what are considered some of the more legacy business, like customer communications, which continues to onboard new business. So, maybe kind of half of that organic growth coming from those emerging businesses. So, this obviously continue to have good runway, obviously execution's always critical, but good opportunities in front of the team.
James M. Young: That's right. I think, as we've talked about before, Darrin, and we'll maybe update you at the end of this year. But in the past couple of years, maybe two years ago, the last time we gave an update, those SG&A portion, the emerging, acquired of ICS was driving close to 50% of sales; some years, 40%; some years as high as 50% for overall Broadridge, so that as you put that into just the ICS segment, it makes sense that it's driving a fair amount of growth. And whether it's this quarter or kind of over the next couple of quarters, those sales start to come to fruition in our revenue growth.
James M. Young: Great. Again, I would anchor back to our three-year objectives, which are 50 basis point to 60 basis point margin expansion, obviously, this year flat to down 10 basis points. So, if we stick with that, that means we return to more margin expansion next year, a bit more than the average. So, we do still see that capacity for margin expansion investment, relative expenses, maybe this year's a little higher – maybe a little higher than average, but nothing that wouldn't be normal course for us. So, I mean, I guess, generally speaking, Darrin, the answer is we still have the same outlook for continued margin expansion. And what we achieve in one given year, I don't know, but certainly over that kind of three-year period, we still expect to achieve that 50 basis points to 60 basis points per annum expansion.
James M. Young: Thanks, Stephanie. One thing is just to clarify, when I'm talking about margin today, we're talking about an adjusted operating margin, which is slightly different than the EBIT margin that we talked about at Investor Day, we'll true that out. But look at the delta off of the beginning base, it's very much the same. So, up last year about 80 points or 90 points; this year, about flat, so averaging close to 45 basis point, 50 basis point. We're still targeting that 50 basis point to 60 basis points. So, it's really that change versus the absolute – so we're – again, still see it and obviously that would mean a bit more margin expansion next year to get us on average to that 50 basis points to 60 basis points we're targeting over the three-year period.
James M. Young: Certainly, not attributable to contract structure. And Stephanie, as you know, we don't always track any broader indices. But obviously, we saw different growth patterns, if you're talking about retail versus institutional, Canada versus the U.S. But on balance, relative health, because that's as you know that metric that we provide as a same-store sales metrics, looking at the same client year-over-year. So, relative health for our mix of business.
James M. Young: Yes. Specifically, as we think about SocGen, London is obviously live and so some of that is flowing through the P&L today. As we think about Barclays, it's a much longer ramp really kind of two year, three year in nature. And that said, we do have modest revenue expense flowing through in 2016. We'll a bit more in 2017, but it's really 2018 and beyond where that's start to become a meaningful number. So, that's one of those good win and it'll just take time just to show in a meaningful way.
James M. Young: Hey, Patrick. So, on the Investor Communication side, let me take it in two, kind of what we're seeing. So, you're seeing down year-to-date 30 basis points year-over-year on margins for ICS. So, two things. As we said, three to four acquisitions that we did last year are in that segment. So, those – it will be further – and those, we know, are overall drag to Broadridge margin this year. So, you're seeing it more pronounced in the ICS segment. And then, probably, most importantly, as you know, the fourth quarter is where all the margin is made. So, if we're at 10.7% year-to-date and targeting something in the high-teens for the full year, it's really the fourth quarter that will tell us whether we're on track. And right now, we believe we are. GTO, you're seeing a little bit of that, that's on balance healthy trading activity which comes in at pretty high margins. So, that's sort of the year-to-date performance. With respect to any Q4 investment or restructuring spend, probably, premature to tell you exactly where that falls, although expect activity in both of our operating segments, but it's just as likely to also show up in other, which is our – think about as unallocated corporate costs. No discrete guidance for you on where that will fall.
James M. Young: I'll just talk – I mean, a little about some of the trends that we saw that probably suppressed a little bit E&A growth and that is there is a little bit of internal growth in there that relates to our asset under administration fees Rich referenced earlier, with Matrix. And as equity values were under pressure, that hurt a little bit. As that stabilizes a little bit, we're seeing growth. Otherwise, obviously, a big chunk of that growth is the acquisitions that are – they're still annualizing into that line item. Generally speaking, and obviously Rich can add to this, but I think what's impressive is, even the businesses that we just bought in the last year that would hit this E&A area, are continuing to perform well out of the gate with healthy sales whether you're talking about Direxxis or FIS or Fund Information Services, so we continue to see the traction that we expected in the first year of business cases.
