Richard J. Daly: Thanks, Jim. On the slide 11 of the presentation, let's review the key points from our call. Broadridge reported strong first quarter results. Recurring revenues rose 6%, and strong event-driven activity contributed to 30% growth in adjusted operating income and 50% growth in adjusted EPS. We're up to a good start to the year and are on track to achieve our 2018 guidance, which calls for recurring revenue growth of 4% to 6% and 15% to 19% adjusted EPS growth. We continue to build momentum in closed sales. Closed sales rose 6% versus last year. And more importantly, our overall pipeline is strong and our dialogs with clients are encouraging. We look forward to discussing the drivers of that momentum at greater length with you next month at our Investor Day. The theme of the Investor Day is Ready For Next, which is an idea we have adopted as we enter a new growth phase of our value creation journey. The basis of Ready for Next is to help us drive specific meaningful opportunities that will enable our clients to better and more efficiently communicate digitally with their customers, reduce the cost and complexity of non-differentiating clearance and settlement activities and reduce the capital that they are required to hold to support their trading activities among other exciting opportunities. As Tim mentioned, our clients across our businesses face significant challenges coming from relentless margin pressure, the increasing complexity of their own operations, technology evolution and more. They know they need to move faster to adapt their businesses if they want to continue to grow. So, another key part of Ready for Next is to communicate to our clients that Broadridge has built the scale, technology, cyber-security and commitment to innovation to be that partner who will help them evolve. Those capabilities put us in a much stronger position to help our clients pursue large market transformational opportunities. For example, in corporate governance, we see opportunities to help increase engagement between issuers, mutual funds, ETFs and their investors. We are well positioned to grow by making corporate governance more transparent and cost effective and by driving new services that benefit the network of issuers and investors that we serve. We are well positioned to help our capital market clients transform their business by building the critical technology enabled infrastructure they need to become more efficient and adapt to new transformative technologies. We also see opportunities to bring network benefits to the fixed income market, which will reduce our clients' cost of capital and strengthen their role in this market. Further, we think there are opportunities to provide technology-enabled, mission critical infrastructure to global players as well as to wealth managers and investment managers. There is also a significant opportunity in helping our clients navigate the evolution of communications from the two-dimensional world of physical mail and email into a more dynamic and cloud-based future. The bottom line is that Broadridge is better positioned to generate sustained growth and we have a clear line of sight than ever on how we can have a meaningful impact on the market. That is due in large part for the investments we have made with your capital in our capabilities and people. So, we are really excited to share more with you about specific key opportunities on December 5. Before I turn it over for your questions. Let me take a moment to thank our Broadridge associates. Their dedication to serving our clients is what sits at the heart of our value proposition and drive the results that we reported to you today. Let me now turn the call over to you for your questions. Adrianne, please begin the Q&A.
Richard J. Daly: Sure. Universal proxy is something that will enable a proxy card versus oppositions in management's card to be used in a proxy contest. What Broadridge does, we don't take a position on what is right or wrong on things that don't impact investor participation and activity and knowledge, meaning the effectiveness of what they receive in terms of understanding a company's performance. While we have taken a position on universal proxy, is that the SEC deems this to be in the best interest of investors, because it really is an SEC call because of the strength of our technology and the capabilities we have, we have reported that if the SEC deems this appropriate, we can effectively implement that. This has been sitting with the SEC for quite some time. So, even though it was raised in just a recent contest this week, it has been and remains with the SEC for a long period of time and I haven't heard of any real activity around this until the dialogs that transformed this week.
Richard J. Daly: Chris, it's a great question. This is an evolution, this has been going back to something in the past. So, let me give you a little more detail on these views. An enormous amount of money was spent in that recent P&G contest. I'm just reading, repeating what I've read in the press that phone calls to small shareholders took place at a cost of $68 a call. We're not talking about an insignificant amount of money. I've been told by people who are watching the RedZone on Sunday on their phone that they had pop-ups for other recent meetings up here. Not that they were a shareholder, but there's been this massive outreach to try to get to retail investors, because if you have institutional investors split in a contested situation, it's likely to come down to the retail vote. So with that said, given the technology we have in place, as you know, you can vote your proxies on the street side, on your phone in three clicks, okay. We can send messages from CEOs and many companies are sending CEOs, but a very small percentage, but it's still in the 100-plus area on a recurring basis. I put this into the category of good hygiene, all right. You have a strategy, retail investors could matter, activism is an asset class that exists, all right, and there are many reasons why an activist could identify a company. We're not going to get involved in any of the who is right, who is wrong and candidly we don't care who is right, who is wrong. What we believe in is it's just a good process for companies to follow to actively communicate with all of their shareholders and technologies enable the communication on a recurring basis to retail customers in a very, very cost effective rate, because you can even pick selectively just to do it for that high percentage, the majority percentage we have and you can reach just on a technology-enabled basis. So, no postage and paper cost. So as time transpires, we have seen an uptick and as we expect that to continue and by the way for consumer product companies it's amazing to me that you have companies that will spend the amount they spend on a Super Bowl ad, all right, and get the most likely buyers of their products or certainly people with a bias for buying their product will be a shareholder and that still remains an untapped area. So, we have very good coverage of the issuer market to our feet on the ground sales force throughout North America and this will be something that we're going to encourage to create a better value proposition for them to present the corporate issuers as we go forward.
Richard J. Daly: So, Dave, event-driven revenue as we talk about it, is something that Jim covered in his comments in which we have insight into that because that will be in the second quarter. From my point of view, I just want to comment on event-driven overall. I'm doing this now for pretty close to four decades, and event-driven revenue during my entire career as it relates to this, has been rate revenue and has consistently grown over time; it's just the time is not on a quarterly or pure annual basis. And I'll let Jim comment a little bit more on the specifics on what you just asked.
Richard J. Daly: Dave, let me go back again because when I talked about that four-decade career, it's always been tied to the sell-side activity, including when I was director of operations of a wirehouse. So one of the things we really, really are happy about, and Tim has played such an effective role in this, in our GTO segment, he talked about the data fabric today, he talked about all the capabilities. What lots of people are talking about is what they might be able to create. What we go into all of those dialogs with is what we actually have, all right. With clients, with real activity, we announced over the last six months major clients, major – and I know while we can't use their names, we refer to them as large or arguably the largest global banks out on the planet coming on to our platform from all of our capabilities around the globe, okay. And the number of clients who are also adopting not only our technology, but our managed services as well. So, we are very pleased with the performance of GTO. We really believe we have the right to declare that we have – we used to say we have a great segment and one that could be. I think we have two great segments right now, and the performance of GTO, I think, reflects that. And when you hear the specific opportunities in both segments on Investor Day, and these will be things that are tangible beyond what we talk about where we have all these great offerings that we can put into the pipeline, but specific things that can move the needle as we go forward. And I think you'll be encouraged by that at Investor Day as well. So let me give it to Tim now because he's been so involved in the activities and the vision for the future of GTO.
Richard J. Daly: Sure. The first quarter because of the summer months is always a bit of a challenge. Many of our transactions require significant multiple sign-offs at the client level and that's always a challenge and vacation schedules add to that challenge. More importantly – and we really went into this an awful lot in our year-end call. So, given the amount of the sales we have in the first quarter you can really believe that that's still absolutely in place. We went into this year with a better pipeline than ever. There is excitement that you've heard in this call, specific dialog whether it'd be from me or Tim in terms of where we're positioned in both segments. So, we're very pleased about the dialogs we're in, the receptivity of the dialogs we're in and that people are regularly looking to Broadridge for solutions they need. When we get to our Investor Day, I think you're going to see that the investments that we've made in balancing the business, the way we're managing the business to provide strong returns for shareholders, but in the same time a relentless focus on the longer term and investing your capital to position us as we go forward, when you get to Investor Day, you're going to hear about Broadridge could really lead the transformation of communications to not only something more cost effective, but moving again from (58:12) paper to the cloud, all right. And we're being viewed by many clients as being a true leader in that and that's giving us a halo benefit and dialogs we're having on their needs today. When you also go into when Tim discussed, it's very clear to me that if you look at the scale Broadridge has and the margins we have in our GTO segment, no one can do what we do, okay, more cost effectively than we can, because no one has near the scale. When you tie that into the investments we've made to evolve our platform to really the leading platform out there that's available today and the firms that have been arguably in many cases over a decade looking at ways to create transformation and watching their competitors and some of their competitors who are market leaders come on to our platform, all right. We're the tangible choice and we're adding to that more reasons why they select this platform. So, I feel better than I've ever felt about the pipeline, and I feel better than ever about our sales capabilities and go-to-market capabilities. So, we're pretty excited about our ability to continue to grow sales as we go forward.
James M. Young: The transaction now has closed and that occurred during this quarter. It is TD's intention to convert the Scottrade clients on to the TD platform – the existing TD platform. There really isn't – and that allows them to most quickly make available all of the great TD products back to Scottrade clients and that's why they're going in that direction. There really isn't any change in the status between ourselves and TD. They have assumed the Scottrade contract and as we discussed previously that has good protections for us in it. And we have a very good relationship with TD and I think this is going to strengthen that relationship over time.
James M. Young: Yeah. So, the 3% losses is not all attributable to BRCC, about a point of that is attributable to BRCC. I think, we discussed last quarter, normally our loss rate has been about 2% and it tick up this year to 3% attributable to BRCC. We will have a run-off of the losses this year, some next year, starting to be less noticeable as we ramp up the sales and start to grow that business.
James M. Young: Hey, Patrick, it's Jim. Again, as you say, hard to put a typical, but we typically say kind of a 12 months to 24 months implementation cycle. We've been skewing longer of late with some of the larger deals; that seems to be the current trend right now.
James M. Young: So, David, for Q2, we do anticipate elevated levels. We think mutual fund proxy is going to be healthy. There'll be some more contest activity, we don't anticipate nearly to the levels that we saw in Q1. So, no specific call out with the specific client you referenced, but clearly we're expecting a well-above average event-driven quarter in Q2.
James M. Young: Yeah. I mean, Connor (55:16), first I'll anchor back to the full-year, we are expecting 100 basis point margin improvement for the full-year. So, we certainly anticipate some quarters contributing more than others. If I look on a relatively small earnings quarter, remember loss of 20% of our earnings in this quarter, clearly event-driven is up there, FX actually can be up there because that actually can come in at a relatively high margin. You've got some trades in there that come in at high margin. Keep in mind a lot of the initiatives that I've talked about are actually going the other way, because we're incurring cost to do those right now without realizing the benefits of those coming in future quarters. But, if you think about this increase really we're – you think we're tracking towards as a 100 basis point improvement portfolio, and that's what we're focused on.
Timothy C. Gokey: Yes. Summit has two businesses and we are excited about both of them. Part of the business is around doing the – helping companies with the actual electronic filing of their reports and the other part is around the composition of the documents. And we believe, particularly the composition of the documents is something that, well, both of these related to the one-stop shop and our ability to bring to corporate issuers, which is their new business today and potentially mutual fund issuers which should be something that we would expand them into to help them one-stop shop around their governance needs, from composition through creation of the documents and to actual filing of that. We have certainly seen ourselves over the past few years a growing demand from our clients for that sort of one-stop experience. And as we have expanded our capabilities, we've seen very good demand, particularly as corporate secretaries sort of in (46:22) of the moment are seeking to get things done all in one place. So we are pretty excited about this. It's not that large a business right now, but we do have a very good channel into corporate issuers. We call on virtually everyone, we have a significant sales force there. So, we think that growing this business with corporate issuers sort of around the nexus of services connected to their annual meeting is a good opportunity for us.
Timothy C. Gokey: And I'll just add to that, Jim, that just to put a little more detail because related to the kind of product that it is, it can be – definitely our significant deals are in that 12 months to 18 months or sometimes even longer. If you look at some of the event-driven sales, those are much shorter, and if you look at the some of the advisory products or other products, there are some ones that are shorter. So it sort of blends across the first few years and it's really dependent on the product mix and changes a little bit as the product mix changes.
Timothy C. Gokey: Yeah. It's a great question, and we definitely see mutualization as a continued theme, and even as the economy improves, the large institutions are continuing to want to push that theme. There were a lot of conversations around the largest institutions getting together and there were really sort of three main challenges that they had. One is coming to agreement on how to prioritize and what to get done in what order. Second challenge is that there was really no available technology platform for them to use. And so, the process of having to build a technology platform, very daunting. And the third and very important one is the high cost and risk of then getting people on to that technology platform, which is really the largest part of the overall cost. I think what's different now is if you look at instead of doing it as a large collective that way, but if you have a private player like ourselves stepping into that, we can create that same thing brick-by-brick really by advertising two times using our balance sheet if one person has a problem today, we can sell that today knowing that someone else will have that problem later on. And so, you don't need to have the time matching that you have in a pure consortium approach. And the second piece is and I talked about it in my remarks, our Global Post Trade Management platform, we think is really what institutional are going to need and are looking for the future and we're getting very good market receptivity to that. And the last piece is the new technology is continuing to drive things and we think we can be on ramp for our clients in that regard. So, we do think this is an opportunity. I think it will come about in a little bit different form than those conversations. But, we've always said, we're open to people do get together, we're open to work with them on that. But in the meantime, we believe we're having lots of success essentially building the same thing brick-by-brick.
