Rich Daly: And so in terms of the opportunities that we had this year, we are pretty excited about where we are positioned in the market. So, in the investor communication space, there is a significant piece of this pie to our digital strategy of which the EBIP, the SEC's EBIP or Investor Mailbox activities is a relatively small part of that, but coming up with an overall digital solution, we had a press release going back a while where we are working with Amazon Web Services to distribute data through that channel to start. We are going to be looking to take the technology that we have developed and distribute communications to other channels because it’s clear to us that people are going to look to live their lives in a way that’s convenient for them and not in a way that’s convenient for the providers meaning nobody wants to live their life by going to 100 or 50 different websites. And that’s a good example. We have other products that we are investing in which we think we can get to market faster and we are taking advantage of that both in the remainder of ICS and in SPS as well.
Rich Daly: Well, the rules are effective January 1 as the new rates scheduling with, and I am glad you raised this, because we have been consistent in saying that we will be neutral or slightly positive, that’s where we expect to be right now in terms of the near-term activity. But by creating a dialogue driven by the SEC around doing more digitally that ties we believe very well into our strategy, because we are looking to provide solutions, not just a proxy and that regulated activity, but for investor communications overall for our clients and it enables us to have a dialogue, because of the new SEC Reg with more intensity around it to show them just how significant our solution can be and how it can drive a better customer experience for their customers, again not just for proxy, but for all their communication activities. So, we are very pleased with the overall momentum and specifically as it relates to the EBIP, it’s rolling out as planned.
Rich Daly: Well, we have eliminated in the core business over 50% of the paper for quite some time now. And this is going up to the balance of the physical paper. So, I view that as part of the evolution, but where our clients are being encouraged to have effectively an Investor Mailbox on their platform, we are expecting the adoption rate to move up. So we are having more conversations. We are investing in more capabilities which you heard about the investments made this year. And we are pleased that we had the opportunity because of the strong results to accelerate those investments. So, it’s not going to be iPhone where everybody, have to have it the next day and lines out the door. It’s going to we believe increase the evolution to digital and it’s going to increase it in a way that’s more reliant on Broadridge.
Rich Daly: We are seeing our clients’ market activity improve in equities and we get a natural benefit from that.
Rich Daly: Directionally that’s an accurate statement Dave. So as we put together the plan for next year, it’s a nice place to be where you are dealing with a benefit versus dealing with a grow over. At the same time you should expect us as we put together this plan to follow the trend we did for this year, which is we are not going to bank on market activities, we are going to bank on what we control. I almost view this as being the perfect year, right. And that we set out a plan that was within our control, we got market benefit beyond what we are planning on that enabled us to raise guidance and that benefit was significant enough that it would enable us to raise guidance and at the same time invest more in the business which then gives us the benefit as you just pointed out going into next year. So but we are very focused on being a consistent performer. So that over any multi-year period even if there was a blip in the markets, we should still be viewed as a top quartile performer.
Rich Daly: Investing money is a lot of work meaning, we have a very disciplined process here where people have to present the business case, have to present pretty reasonable return on the investments that they are looking to make, timetable, etcetera. So because we the first time in quite sometime had an opportunity this was a year in which we probably had some things we would have like them done that we are managing through that we are able to accelerate this year. Our commitment is to create long-term shareholder value. If there is an opportunity that enhances that and gives us more confidence in raising our revenue growth for the longer term, when the opportunity is there we will likely very aggressively go after that. So what I want you to hear is in essence agreeing with what you are saying, but we are not going to spend money or invest money because gee we got this extra money, so let’s have some fun with it, it’s a very disciplined process. And from myself down as lots of people being held accountable to ensuring that the money we are spending we will get a return on.
Rich Daly: I am sorry going back a little ways, you will recall that we put a really pretty hard line out there saying that both segments were going to contribute that’s been a big part of Broadridge’s strong performance over the recent periods and that whether it be through revenue growth or expense management those segments will contribute. That remains our mindset as we go forward. So we had planned going into this year for certain efficiencies that we drove throughout the business, which we executed against. We didn’t change those plans even though pretty quickly into the year the market started giving us something that we hadn’t talked for quite some time which was a little bit of tailwind. Not nearly as strong as I had experienced over my career, but when we have had headwinds for so many years, it was a welcome change. So this year we had a combination of market benefit as well as some pretty strong expense management that’s in place.
Rich Daly: Okay, that’s a great question. So let’s separate the emerging and acquired activity form – I will call it traditional large sales, alright? And the emerging and acquired activity, a product like Bonaire is something that we both knew was a very strong product for asset managers, but its reconciliation based rules engine is so strong, it’s right now a very hot discussion on things like exchange fees with the all of our traditional clients. And so that became an instant strong pipeline on a newly acquired product. And that’s why we put in there, it exceeded our expectations. And it’s unusual that an acquisition that early out of the gate exceeds expectations, alright. Now there is a number of products that we are doing on the E&A side, our tax services, our TA services, our issuer services, that we are very, very pleased with. There is a number of activities that we are helping our clients manage their portfolios better in the fixed income space so that their collateral management is far better, etcetera. That’s ongoing activity and we don’t talk about it because it could be a $400,000 deal, a $500,000 deal. And it’s not press release or news worthy for a call like this. But it’s that E&A activity that we expect to be 50% or more of our sales activity as we go forward. And that’s being really the focus of when I say we are taking control of our destiny, and we are executing against it. Then you have got traditional activities out there like a larger back office transaction or a larger communication transaction, because of things like the alliance with Accenture there has been far more dialogues in larger back office transactions. There has been far more dialogues of BPO activity. And it’s something that clearly makes sense for our industry where many firms have the same non-differentiating costs, but they are not getting any scale or leverage out of and it gives them no benefit in the marketplace. So between that and then the activities around our digital, our digital activities have flushed up additional communication activities around the traditional products. Now, large deals are not over until they are over. We are pretty pleased how far along some of these dialogues are and that’s why I said I would be disappointed if we didn’t do at least one large transaction this year.
Rich Daly: No, Chris. I mean, when I use favorable, our focus in life in on recurring revenue, right. And the market transaction activity has been slightly favorable. Okay. And again, in my history of doing this for 25 years with this in our predecessor organization, we would have called this historically an anemic year, because we always had growth and this would be viewed as low growth. Having lived through the crisis with constant headwinds and reduced volumes, right, and I believe I went into this in more detail in the second quarter call, where when you have transaction activity, it benefits all of Broadridge. I mean, it generates more confirms, it generates more prospectuses, beyond the trading activity, alright, so you provide lots of trading support activity. And so a slight increase in trading activity provides a rising tide that benefits an awful lot, well both of our segments for sure.
Rich Daly: Well, the fourth quarter is a unique quarter for us. I mean, we go into every year looking to drive more postage revenue out of the process and converting that into fee revenue. But overall, we are not interpreting this as a revenue decline. We are just viewing it as we have very different quarters. So, again, if next year was to be a repeat of this year, I for one, would not be disappointed.
Rich Daly: If this volume is going to stay the way it was going forward, George, I will be doing the Irish jig everyday.
Rich Daly: So, when it comes to our capital stewardship, nothing has changed. We pay a meaningful dividend. We have increased the dividend every year since we have been a public company. Can’t make any commitments until we do it going forward, but you certainly understand what the trend is? Alright, so and the board and I will be discussing that before the August call. As far as strategic tuck-ins, we think it’s been a real differentiator for us. And it’s enabled us to have the confidence we have and creating top quartile returns as we go forward. So, we like transactions that we believe worth more under our umbrella. We like transactions that we believe can be leveraged by our distribution channel and Bonaire is proving to be a very, very good example of leveraging the distribution channel into spaces, they were never in before. And so we don’t see that changing and we don’t think you should see that changing. We have committed that we do not want our shareholders to be diluted by equity comp, alright. So you should expect us to do that on a consistent basis. And if for some reason we would have built some cash not have strategic tuck-ins that we found attractive, because of our very high criteria of doing a transaction or not, we would always look for a time to opportunistically buyback rather than building cash. And given our confidence in the future, it’s not really that difficult to figure out what time is an opportunistic time when you have the confidence we have going forward.
Rich Daly: Well, there are transactions on both in North America and internationally that we are in discussions with. So, I will tell you that the fourth quarter is our selling quarter. If there is one thing I want to do as we go forward, I would like the shift, some of the sales results earlier in the year. And so I am putting for everyone a line in the sand that says we are committed to growing the revenue. And everyone, including me from now until the end of the year is not worried about the financial results of the year. Everyone is going to be focused on sales as job number one.
Rich Daly: In essence, that’s correct, but we would prefer for it to be going up, which has historically been doing for quite some time. We don’t see it as a big drag. The equity side has more than offset it.
Rich Daly: Well, I am not going to go into the digital details of the guidance. And we are very focused on that right now, when I say the guidance, the ‘15 guidance for next year. So, what I did say earlier is worth repeating. If next year turned out to be a repeat of this year, I would be esthetic. So we are committed to deliver a plan, okay, where both segments contribute. And if for whatever reason we have momentum that we have this year that would just be a blessing, but we are not going to bank on material momentum. We are certainly going to bank on the momentum that gave us the overage in this year to repeat next year. We believe we can deliver a very acceptable plan when we get to August, alright, within our control. And again, if things occur to enable that to be better, so be it that will be wonderful. If for whatever reason the markets had some blips here, right, we want to be in a position through revenue growth within our control and expense management within our control to deliver acceptable results. And that’s why I say, but going forward we are committed over any multi-year period of time to be a top quartile performer. The reason I add multi-year to that, Pete, is because if something happens in the markets and it’s severe enough that we can’t offset it unless it’s heaven forbid for all of us something of the magnitude of the financial crisis, which I don’t see how that could reoccur at that magnitude, right and it would be I will call it a normal correction or a normal blip. Even if a year was to be slightly off driven by that blip, not driven by us on the things we control, the following year we should be able to more than offset that and still create strong returns. What we are looking to position this for as a serious company that provides mission-critical services that will not only always be around, but be around and growing. And for the serious investor, we believe that this is the company that should align with their long-term investment needs, commitment to pay a dividend, commitment to capital stewardship, and commitment to growth, because we are supporting a segment of society that’s critical being financial services.
Rich Daly: There is a more open dialogue in every organization, including yours regarding the industry taking out costs through trusted utility type providers. And we are invited I believe to virtually all of those dialogues. So, you forget my desire, if you read anything on the industry they are talking about the need for mutualizing costs and the need to get non-differentiating activities out of organizations for many reasons and cost and regulatory is an equal reason why.
Rich Daly: Alright. Well, this is another one of these calls where it’s not going to take a lot of effort for me to choose to have a good day. I certainly hope you look to do the same and we have a lunch next week. Hopefully, we will see some of you there. And we will certainly look forward to being with you again on our August call, where again we expect to wrap up the year on a very solid basis and talk about ‘15 and beyond and our commitment to remain a top quartile performer. Thanks so much.
