Richard J. Daly: Thanks, Jim. It's great to have you on the team. Please turn to Page 9 for my summary wrap up. To summarize, I am very pleased with another year of record operating results. We have our strongest momentum ever going into 2015. And I am excited about our value creation prospects as we continue to focus on the strategic execution of our long-term strategy. Our recurring revenues continue to provide us with a solid foundation on which to build. The sales pipeline is expansive and growing, and we have already closed a large transaction for fiscal year 2015. And we expect to maintain our exceptional, client revenue retention rate. Our growth model is based on activities we can control with a focus on the contribution from recurring revenue closed sales. Today, we have more control over our growth, which is provided by Net New Business and the success of our emerging and acquired product portfolio. Our fiscal year 2015 guidance is reflective of a lower contribution to our growth from the favorable market-based activities over what we experienced in fiscal '14. We believe this is prudent. We will continue to invest in areas of the business that provide strategic growth opportunities and are in line with the 3 key macro trends. It is through our disciplined investment execution in new, emerging and strategic tuck-ins that we are closer to our long-term goal of achieving top quartile returns, regardless of normal market fluctuations. We remain committed to our capital stewardship program, which prioritizes paying a meaningful cash dividend, investing in our business, pursuing tuck-in acquisitions and engaging in opportunistic share repurchases. Our confidence in the business remains higher than it has ever been. And Broadridge has never before been better-positioned for the long-term than we are today. With the completion of 2 strategic tuck-in acquisitions, significant ongoing investments in the 3 primary macro trends, a successful recurring revenue closed sales year, punctuated with the June close of a large transaction with Fidelity Investment, and the introduction of new solutions to address our clients' evolving demands, we are well-positioned on our journey to achieve sustainable top quartile stockholder returns going forward. Finally, as we close out another year, I'd like to again take this opportunity to personally acknowledge and thank our extraordinary associates. I am extremely proud and grateful for their continued contributions to the success of Broadridge. Our associates' very high levels of publicly recognized engagement and extraordinary talent enables us to be one of the top service providers in the industry. Their commitment, day in and day out, provides us with great value that we bring to our clients and stockholders. I'll now turn the call over to the operator, and we look forward to your questions.
Richard J. Daly: Sure, Pete. We were certainly pleased with the activities. The market, certainly, was strong last year. And so having 8% overall for the year, versus, as you know because you've been following us for quite some time, that's a pretty nice increase over slightly above being flat, okay. So we look at that and said, it felt great. That's part of the market base activity we're not relying on next year. So you should look at the 8% overall for the year being 3% in what we're thinking about for '15.
Richard J. Daly: I'm not exactly sure where you are right now. But we're viewing event-driven as being flat next year. So that -- so there may be pieces that are getting us to a slightly different place in this dialogue. But you should view event-driven overall as being relatively flat. Jim why don't you comment on that as well.
Richard J. Daly: Well, we've been consistent in our views of the importance of capital stewardship and the first part of that for us has always been pay a meaningful dividend.
Richard J. Daly: Yes, David. The comparison to ADP is something that, for purposes of this, given the difference in our business models, I don't think will be any basis for what we do going forward. With that said, the thing that has been consistent for Broadridge from Day 1, is the consistent strong generation of free cash flow. So -- of the things that I'm confident in, it's tough to find one that I have more confidence in than that, investing in the business has proved to be very good for our stockholders. We intend to continue to do that. When Jim and I sat down, which was really from the first day he got here and started to talk about what would be the right thing for the board to consider, right. When we went through this, creating that meaningful increase in no way inhibits our ability to invest in the business for growth. So as we gain more comfort, okay. We will consider dividend increases going forward. Right now, we believe we've gotten to a very good place with the 45% trailing payout ratio. And when we reached the same conclusion that it will have no impact on our ability to grow, we would consider it going forward but we've got a full year ahead of us, David. So we feel good where we are. And that will always be a high-priority dialogue of consideration every year at Broadridge.
Richard J. Daly: Well Dave, I don't really believe there's been a shift. What was very clear of what we spent last year, we knew that about $10 million was going to convert into run rate, particularly as it related to our digital activities, right. And remember in March, we still have to get through the most significant quarter, right. And on top of that, then we need to create our plan for the following year. Our absolute desire, and I believe I said on more than one occasion, if '15 got to repeat '14, where we create an acceptable plan that gives us a clear ability to deliver top quartile returns for stockholders, invest in the business to fuel more growth, control destiny, right, and not be dependent on market activities, that would be the perfect place for us to be. But we, because of the onetime investments we made last year, we were confident of our ability and that's what we shared after our third quarter, are confident in our ability to create a good '15 plan, because we had that onetime spend which didn't have to repeat to have a successful '15. We're really in the best position right now because we have investment which would fuel future growth. We've proven to be good executors of investing in products on our own, beyond the top guns, all right. And we're not relying on market activities. So what I also said back then was if we were forced to repeat this year, and have a stronger year, that will be terrific. What we don't want to do is be executing well and but because of something outside of our control, come back and say, "Gee, could've, would've, should've, it didn't quite get where we want it to." So this is the strongest plan we've ever presented to the street because we have multiple ways to get there. We're not dependent on market activities at the levels from even the prior year, right. If those levels were to repeat, okay, which would be anybody on this call guess as good as mine, okay, that will be a high class problem to have. And unlike last year, we already have the investment level on the business that we think is about right for us to manage going forward.
Richard J. Daly: And George, given what you do for a living, you have a better perspective on this than I do. Will the market slightly correct, are we just taking a breather, are we going to go to the next level? We don't run the business spending a lot of time thinking about that. We run the business spending the vast majority of our time looking to drive this to the next level in terms of product, all right, and identifying tuck-ins that meet our very, very high criteria. So I'm very pleased, as I just mentioned to David as well, that we're now positioned that we really can put together a plan with the revenues within our control. Last year they made a great contribution and it wound up enabling us to raise our guidance, enabled us to have a very strong results of 20% earnings growth on a non-GAAP basis, 25% on a GAAP basis, right. And if this revenue is to continue at the same levels, it would give us benefit beyond what we have in our plan, that we experienced -- at the same level that we experienced last year. But if you go on a month-by-month basis, if you go on a day-by-day basis, this really is a prudent place for us to be. And we'll certainly, every quarter, give you a view on what we experienced and will reflect that in our numbers as we go forward for the year.
Richard J. Daly: I'll make a couple of comments and I'll turn it over to Jim for a little more detail. We're starting -- even though we took stock record down from last year, all right. We're starting at a better place than we started last year, okay, with the 3%. The emerging and acquired, that being our biggest segment, that being our most successful segment, that segment has gotten higher percentage of our investments. And those investments are paying returns. So there's not a product that I want to call out here and say, wow, look at this and look at that, but as we dramatically increased our products over the years, and more than doubled them since we've spun, you get $1 million here, you get $2 million there, you get $3 million here, before you know it, you're starting to talk about real money. So that's -- it's the strategy that's enabled us to create a slightly better range at the get-go, all right. And what I really like is we have multiple ways to get to that range of growth.
Richard J. Daly: Sure. As far as the pipeline goes, it's -- we are very pleased with it, and we believe it's as strong as -- or stronger than it's ever been. And it's pretty easy to feel that way as you're adding product. And as you're seeing good market interest in that product, added to all the opportunities that are there and that we continue to measure and monitor in our pipeline management. So bottom line, pipeline continues to improve. We've invested a lot this year, George, in sales capabilities management that's been part of some of the investments we did, part of some of which that are going to be run rate going forward. And we really would like to see, beyond all the strong momentum we have, the sales results numbers continue to improve, even at a higher rate than they improved last year. A lot of work, a lot of variables. But that will remain a priority for us. Now let's talk specifically about Fidelity. We believe that the investments and they're long-term investments, okay, or at least medium-term investments that we're making in digital, are paying dividends already. Because across our industry, when we share with people how we're going to enable higher digital adoption rates by focusing on the consumer and what they're looking for, we're getting more interest in our overall communication strategy. So we believe that irrespective of any particular client and virtually every client, that's putting us in a stronger position to talk about how we can partner with them and enable their communication strategy to not only be effective today as their customers are receiving it, but really position them without having to make the investments we're making, to take it to the digital age that we're all going into. But financial services, because of regulatory requirements is naturally lagging. We believe our investments, give them the ability to see a future for them, meeting regulatory requirements, specifically meeting the formats their customers want, all right. Whether it be cloud drives or social media or et cetera, all with the data security compliance and meeting all the regulations they need. So we're very, very excited about Fidelity. It's a traditional transaction, all right. But we certainly would like to believe that our commitment, not only to be the best at this that there is today but the investments that we're making in technology to enable it to be a fabulous customer experience going forward, certainly influenced their decision and influencing other dialogues we're having in the marketplace. The last part you asked was how long was the dialogue? You could say it was 6 months, you could say it was 30 years, okay. Certainly there was lots of activity, but I've been in this dialogue with Fidelity for at least 30 years.
Richard J. Daly: No, Fidelity we've had -- we have a meaningful relationship with Fidelity already which we're very, very proud of. And we're delighted to expand that relationship and we have every intention of exceeding our expectations.
Richard J. Daly: Neve, when we look at this, and we've done a lot of work with our strategy group on this, the pullback that they're doing, generally has less to do with the cash markets and more to do with other markets, all right. And so although I will tell you that in the third quarter in particular, when lots of the headlines were coming out, I had pretty significant -- well, I had concerns about what did it mean. When we got behind the covers, it's -- there's one constant that will be there which is change, but the cash markets seemed to be a place that everyone is staying more committed to, all right. And they're getting out some of the, I'll call it trickier, more volatile markets, the ones that are requiring more capital requirements for them. And although candidly I was disappointed for years, we weren't a bigger player in some of those markets, right now I'm probably not at all that disappointed that we didn't make huge bets in those markets. So now that's the color and the candid thinking on my part. Now let's go back to where you started. There will be things that turn out different than we planned on, without question, right. There's so many moving parts in this plan. That's why we looked at this and said, let's talk about what we do control. We have a very high confidence in the revenue that will convert, the closed sales that will convert to revenue this year, all right. We have a very high confidence in our sales pipeline. We have a very high confidence in our E&A activities, all right. When we look at those items and we put market activity at a lower level than it was last year, okay, which is one of the first times we've ever been able to put that in our plan, we look at the investment level we're putting into the business. We know that it's a lot of work to spend the money the right way. And therefore, even if we wanted to spend it today, we have a lot of work to do before we can spend it. As the year plays itself out, all right, we still have the option to hold back some of that investment if what we think was hopefully conservative turns out not to be conservative. So we're going into this year with multiple paths to make our plan. More importantly, we've already made investments in the business. It's highly unlikely we're not going to make good investments into the business again this year. That all adds to more controllable activity, which all adds to us more than likely being in a better position to create an even stronger plan next year with more control of our destiny, recognizing that if our clients shift their business models, okay, I expect it to be that in the cash markets and not that our clients say, you know what, we decided to lock our front door and not proceed in business any longer. That I put into the highly unlikely category.
Richard J. Daly: Okay. A, it's a great question, let's go back to the conversation we I just had on Fidelity. We made this investment, all right. Fidelity, the product is being developed. The product is being rolled out. We're looking to have clients, charter clients running transactions through here in '15, all right. So you could say what return did you get from your investment last year, this year? You increase your run rate. However, now let's go to market, and this is something that we are very, very firm on, people do business with people who are committed to the future as well as today. When we go in as part of any product presentation and demonstrate, this is where we're going to be, from a digital point of view, here's the arrangement we're entering into. Here's what we're doing with Amazon. Here's what we're doing with Pitney Bowes. That clearly differentiates us in a meaningful way. This was not a cost play by Fidelity. This was -- where are we today and how we do it best, okay. And they do a very good job today. And where are we going to be tomorrow and how does it get executed best? Move the investments that we've made into product, all right. Our clients have an enormous amount of demand on them from a regulatory point of view before they even get to a product point of view. So in our Bonaire acquisition, we've seen some very neat returns on that acquisition because their reconciliation capabilities are extraordinary. They've saved many clients significant amounts, one example would be exchange fees, okay, into the 8 digit range, where by reconciling what they actually did to the fees that were charged across the ever-growing execution points of markets, all right, it's an impossible reconciliation unless you have a very strong capability. So the reason that we were able to create the plan we created is because the investments, as you say, every business has and made over the years, because of the strong return we've gotten, we think it's appropriate to ramp it up and you're absolutely right in believing that you should see a stronger return going forward. I would say that for fiscal '15, most people should be able to check that box, very firmly because if you look at this plan and the quality of this plan, we're lowering market activity, we're raising investment, all right, and we're starting out with the strongest starting points that we start with a plan and if market activity continues, we've already got the investment level where we wanted on day 1, which is different than where we were last year. So it's a very good place for shareholders to be and I would call that overall, a very good return on the investments we've made in the past.
Richard J. Daly: Tien-tsin, before Jim answers that, let me comment again on what you talked about on the market-based activities, because when we look at this it's -- okay, so what would it mean if it repeated? And with so many products and Jim pointed out appropriately, it contributed to a high margin rate. But if that revenue was to -- if it was to be an exact repeat or close to an exact repeat which is highly unlikely, but let's say market-based activities are up and about the same level as last year versus what we put in our plan, you should be thinking, it could be another $0.15. So what's fabulous is to have stronger market activity and be able to put together a plan, where you say, gee, is it going to reoccur? Because if you look at our 5 -- 7 years as a public company, a plot point of 1 is not a good way to draw a line on what the activity is going to be. So but if it was to repeat, it's $0.15, round numbers. Now to be able to put together a plan for the next year as strong as the plan we put together, with the investments we have in it, and not rely on that $0.15, is why I'm saying, without question, this is the strongest plan we've ever created.
Richard J. Daly: We are very pleased with where Paladyne now is. And Paladyne actually had a nice sales year. So we're extremely pleased with that as well. When we look across the acquisition tuck-in space, the buy side, as it relates to Paladyne, and either one getting expanded product for Paladyne, or market share for Paladyne, is something that gets considered along with the other pieces in our product portfolio. The criteria for us and the challenge for us whether it be Paladyne or anything else, is finding something that if it meets the strategic fit, which this would, it's got to meet that hurdle rate of a 20% IRR. So last year, we looked at more transactions than ever. We had a pretty average year in terms of what we actually successfully closed. We're not changing the discipline that's worked for us.
Richard J. Daly: Before I turn it over to Jim, let me give you one perspective, because it ties directly to what we just talked with on the tuck-in acquisitions. We are hopeful that we will be able to use some of the offshore cash for transactions outside of the U.S. We are very pleased with the extension of our portfolio, and particularly in Canada, which is a very, very good market for us and we probably have better market shares in everything we do in Canada versus even the U.S. But with the Accenture transaction, with APTP, we're still very excited about that. And so we've got lots of meaningful opportunities globally. And unrelated to this call, last week I sat down with our strategy team, including the head of M&A, and tried to have a better understanding, specifically on this part of the dialogue about how we can ramp up our efforts, not to change our criteria, not to lower our standards, but to source more transaction. With that I'll turn it over to you, Jim.
Richard J. Daly: Well, thank you for all participating today. Jim, David, Mike and I are looking forward to being with you in the near future. We have an investor luncheon Tuesday the 12. And if you could be there, we'd love to see you and continue this dialogue. I normally suggest to people to choose to have a great day, I guess you could take a guess that it's not going to be that tough for us to do at Broadridge. Thanks so much.
James M. Young: Yes. Just to confirm in our buildup, contributing 0 points in growth, relatively flat year-over-year, similar in '14 low levels, have been prior periods where it has produced a little bit of volatility. But again -- and the way we're building the year and looking out of what we can see, relatively flat.
James M. Young: Yes, on the trade volumes, on balance flattish is fair. It's a deceleration in -- let me just rephrase that, it's a deceleration in growth, for sure, probably a little bit better than flattish on balance.
James M. Young: And George, just to quantify a couple of those points. As you pointed out, there is a good acceleration in the total revenue growth and it's really a function of the strong -- 2 things: one, really the strong recurring revenue growth, in particular a little bit of uptick in the net new business, which is exactly how we want to make our money. Obviously, continued contribution from the Emerald acquisition. And then finally, as you look at that total revenue growth, we had a little bit of drag from some anomalous activity in the event driven areas that go away. But bottom line is very strong recurring revenue growth driven by net new business.
James M. Young: So Tien-tsin, this is Jim. Roughly if you think about the 4 points of contribution from the internal growth last year, you can think about that as about $60 million, in that range, coming through a relatively high margins, think north of 60%.
James M. Young: When we look, again, I think we talked about the recent historical norms. Our long-term CAGR has been about kind of a 0 contribution from this. So a little bit up in some years, a little bit down in some years. So we do think about sort of flat being the norm and for being obviously, an extraordinary contribution this year -- this past year.
James M. Young: And Tien-tsin, Jim, just come back to your question on the quarterization [ph], really the investments spend will have a similar profile in terms of timing. Remember, as heavily second half, in fact even heavily fourth quarter loaded, this past year, something in the order of $25 million of the $34 million. And as Rich said, we're going to use the first 6 months of this fiscal year to vet and prioritize these investments, which means just naturally the investments are going to fall into the second half. So I think those will line up a bit more consistently.
James M. Young: Yes, without kind of confirming any one of those numbers, that's correct. And sort of an even split within Q1, Q2, there'll be some lumpiness for sure but I think you captured my comments correctly.
James M. Young: Perfect. And to put the numbers to it, for the cash balance of $348 million, $348 million, $152 million of that is domestic. To your question, $151 million is foreign, the balance in regulatory. And to Rich's point, Rich said it perfectly, which is we see plenty of opportunity outside the U.S. so we feel good about putting those dollars to work.
James M. Young: Nothing to add. I think the takeaways are that we're following our capital stewardship closely. We've got ample cash, as Rich said, we are -- we've got room as you look at leverage ratios and when we've got good activities and good uses for those proceeds, we're very open to that. We've got -- again, the key takeaway is with a strong free cash flow that we have, we've got a lot of flexibility.
