James M. Young: Just on a -- in the fiscal year itself, I think as we said at the outset of the year, very light in the first half was our plan, and we generally follow that despite some investments in various spots like digital and Fluent and some of our emerging products. But largely, as we talked about -- investment will be concentrated in the second half of the year.
James M. Young: Just to add maybe more on a philosophical level, which is we do our best to convey what we're seeing and how we're approaching the balance of the year every time we speak to you. When we obviously go through a rigorous process of looking at risks and opportunities at any given time, and so we're doing our best to convey that. And I think the most important point was the one that Rich highlighted, which is in a business where back-half earnings are so heavily weighted. There's just not enough in a year through 6 months that can give you that tangible evidence to point to, to say, necessarily move one way or the other on guidance.
James M. Young: Yes. Chris, I mean, you summarized it well, which is we've got a point of headwind growth. Obviously, there are other puts and takes on the momentum that Rich described, and you highlighted ICS as one of the areas that's got good strong growth year-to-date, which gave us a little bit of confidence. That said, had I thought we would have a point of headwind on that, I would have been concerned. But as Rich said, we've got a balanced business with other parts performing well, and so it's again not changing our outlook.
James M. Young: And Chris, I think specifically to the fixed income trading, if you were provided a metric in the past, I'll try to reconcile that with you offline. But roughly speaking, it's -- last year, fixed income trading proper was about a $57 million revenue stream. So if you think, a point of growth on a full year basis, you're talking certainly well south of $1 million closer to $500 000. And if you're thinking about first -- a quarter or 2, obviously that the dollars get more material. And as Rich said that the business is just more balanced and not really a function of the trade growth and especially on the fixed income side.
James M. Young: Sure, let me just give you some broad way to think about it -- I just -- I want to make sure you heard what I said, which is the growth rate in the first half won't be indicative of the full year rate. And so commissions, I think, we called out. Commissions -- you may have posed the question -- I'm going to give you actually year-over-year because I don't have sequential handy. But for the first half, commissions were in the neighborhood about $5 million, up year-over-year. So that's one part of it, and obviously, the -- some of the investments we talked about. So that sort of what's going to drive some of the growth. Hopefully, we'll get back to you in talking about continued high commission expenses in the second half. But more importantly, as we look out on the year right now, as you recall last year, we put a lot of money to work in the second half. So as we increase any levels of investment in the second half, we're going to have the comp of the prior year. So again, those growth rates will certainly come down on the SG&A line.
James M. Young: Sure. Stephanie, so the timing relative to the first half, I think we told you at the outset, it was going to be light in the first half, so it's pretty consistent with light, and obviously, much more planned for the second half as we did last year. So the vast majority is really second half spend.
James M. Young: That's exactly, right. So one, obviously, Stephanie, as you recall that, that was a number that we looked at over the 3-year time frame. So as we maintain our payout ratio, we think we can obviously maintain yields. And as Rich said, I think we are clear in that share repurchases will be an important part of that policy. And so, even if we're at the 2-point level, we think it's very feasible that share buyback contribute at least another point in that time period.
Richard J. Daly: I'll give you the overall view. There are 2 things that are going to drive that. The tuck-in acquisitions and share repurchases. One of the things that we remain in the same position on is we're not going to be announcing, other than what we intend to achieve over the 3-year period, with a short-term view on share repurchases, so we will remain committed to telling you that we did it in the quarterly call in a quarter in which we did it. So depending on the timing of that activity that is going to be driving -- okay, as well as the timing of acquisition closes, that's going to be driving when that increase leverage will happen and or not.
Richard J. Daly: Okay, so I'll break that into 2 pieces. So we've had a desire to logically expand the portfolio offerings we have for 2 very solid reasons: one, the obvious, more product in a strong brand with a strong sales channel feels very good and right. The next one is though that is no question, given the challenges our industry has, vendor management, particularly with things like the responsibilities around data security and cyber security, are giving our clients, in particularly, our large clients that are managing hundreds if not a 1,000-plus vendor relationships, the need to recognize they'd be far happier managing fewer, larger, more qualified vendors, particularly because of the risk around data security and cyber security and the regulatory scrutiny that they're under on vendor management. Given that, we are rated so high across virtually all clients on our reliability and the commitment we've made to data security and cyber security, including our alignment with the NIST framework and our ISO 27001 capabilities, this became a more compelling need we believe, for a lot of clients right now, this would be a very add -- easy added extension. By using Broadridge, even though they might have an offering that's working fine today, but when you factor in those other risks that I added around vendor management, we believe that will serve us very, very well, so we're excited about that opportunity. Our client mix going to the international view, it's more that we're servicing global clients, and so we hope we can expand their footprint by the relationship we have with global clients, who are doing business with us here and doing business with us in Europe, Asia, et cetera as well. So -- but the focus was first on the product expansion and taking advantage of what we believe is going to be a marketplace that's going to be looking more to Broadridge not just for capability but also life is easier for them and with their regulators when they're managing less qualified vendors versus more vendors.
Richard J. Daly: I'm going to give you a business view, and I'm going to let Jim get to the specifics of this. Look, I like you, listen to CNBC and the sound bites on the radio, and so FX has affected businesses, okay? From my point of view, FX has affected our business. The good news is that we've got momentum in the business that has enabled us to not be sidetracked by this. And so the momentum in the business that I commented on multiple times during the call is the message and -- with good momentum, you can take a hit or 2 in places and still stay on course, and that's really what I believe, from a business point of view, from my chair as CEO, is what we've experienced. Jim, why don't you get to the specifics of the question now.
Richard J. Daly: Yes, so let me start. We continue to evolve the business to being a fee-driven business versus a volume-driven business, all right? And so if you ask me what I'd rather have, higher trading volumes and lower trading volume, the answer is pretty easy for me. And if it happens like it did last year in the first quarter, because it's versus -- in the first quarter, low margins, relatively speaking and low earnings, relatively speaking, it can give us an interesting impact. If it happens in the fourth quarter, it kind of gets lost in the source type of thing. So I almost put that in the same category that -- the way we just described FX, all right, in that, there are so many moving pieces to the business, Chris. It's a very balanced portfolio. Even with the strong momentum we have, there's a knit or 2 here or there that's actually operating a little weaker than what we thought. There's more than enough to offset that in other pieces, and without -- I'll give you one last context because you've been following us for a very long time. Without, I'll call it, the headwinds of the past, okay, the worst market correction since the depression. We believe the business has flexibility to manage these activities, all right? And so as we go forward, we are consistently focused on adding product and adding new revenue sources whether it'd be through tuck-ins or building it ourself, all right, so that as these things continue to occur--I don't care if it's fixed income trading volumes or mutual fund interim volume--things will go up and things will go down. But if we keep adding new revenue sources, we think we're going to be able to maintain the path we're on without, I'll call it, serious headwinds from the marketplace.
Richard J. Daly: And 2 additional things related to that because, one, that's related to the trading part then there's all the other fees that we get from our fixed income relationships, which doesn't vary; and two, we've already experienced that even when the fixed income activity from our clients' point of view, because their revenue models very different than ours. So volatility and trading shows up in volatility in their revenue far more directly than it does with us because, I believe, in the past, there was some surprise when our clients were reporting earnings changes because of fixed income activity being down. As Jim just pointed out, it didn't have an effect on us that required any dialogue in explaining on results at that point in time.
Richard J. Daly: Yes, because that hasn't closed yet, we're going to be reluctant to go beyond the details we provided. I will tell you though that the most important thing is, for me, anything that can feel like a roll up fits into the lowest category of risk, and this has strong roll up-type attributes. It also gives us the ability to expand the client base that we're servicing in this great retirement services market. Retirement services market has been the one steady piece forever because regardless of what's going on, people are still having those deductions made and those assets still needs to be managed. So we also gave you a view of the AUA that we are getting and we gave you a view of where the AUA is going to and we also gave you a view of AUA when we acquired Matrix, so with all of that, you kind of can get a pretty good sense, I'll call it, within bread box sizing, all right? I would put this though into a tuck-in that is close to hitting the bull's eye that we're looking for. This is it. And I will also tell you that Gerry Scavelli, the leader of this business, and I personally have been chasing this transaction for a very long time.
Richard J. Daly: Look, there is a regulatory review process that we have to go through. We understand the process. We have the right management team. We have an extraordinary management team in Matrix, and so I'm viewing this as--it's difficult to say the exact number of days, okay? But right now, I'm not viewing this as a high risk, but with regulatory activity, it's never over until it's over. But we announced late third quarter, early first quarter -- I'm sorry, late third quarter year -- early fourth quarter of the year, and probably the late third is a desire. The early fourth is probably more of the likely reality, all right? But when it's closed, we'll tell you, all right? We'll likely issue a press release on that at that point in time.
Richard J. Daly: Okay. I think you're going to need -- you just broke up a little, Kyle. I apologize. If you could repeat that.
Richard J. Daly: Thank you. I didn't hear the word digesting, I apologize. The answer is no, but we could be on the sidelines because we're not changing our criteria, all right? And so there could be a transaction that -- because it's happened multiple times, that at a moment in time, I'm feeling very good about and then we either wind up being outbid or we wind up saying, "You know what? We're sticking to our criteria, and it's just not quite there." So -- but we have added resource to this activity. I am pleased with the deal flow we're looking at. I'm pleased with the fit that we're looking at, and we've kind of been identified out there as a high quality buyer of these tuck-in transactions and high quality in that we layout the criteria very clearly for the potential acquisition to see. In some cases, we're so -- we're a desired buyer, in that we've actually gotten initial exclusives in looking at these. And so if we're going to achieve the goal of $400 million to $600 million over the next 3 years, we're going to work harder every day to make this happen.
Richard J. Daly: Yes, and another comment as well. So first of all, there is nothing that would make me happier than as we reported earnings, and let's assume within the range, but it was down $0.03 from where it would've been because record commissions in the second half as well. There's nothing that could give anyone more confidence, including me, in our 3-year objectives than accelerating the sales activity that we're planning on achieving during the 3-year period, so we are very, very top line-focused. You remember me telling you both on the call as well as in the luncheons that we have made investments in sales performance activities, and we are at a place now where we think we're at the right level of investment. And if anything, we're fine-tuning that investment, and the results, I believe -- early results are very good and -- but it gives me great encouragement, particularly under the leadership of Chris Perry, to take this process that we have, fine-tune it and take it to the next level, so that particular expense feels great. The other thing I'll comment is that fits right in line with the momentum in the business, so whether it'd be offsetting some SG&A, 1 year versus the next year, whether it'd be offsetting commissions, whether it'd be offsetting FX, it's a really nice place to be where these things can happen, and we're not explaining it as a but. We're expanding it as okay, yes, it's there, but there was more than enough good business momentum to offset it. So that when I talked about being pleased or very pleased on sales, that really is the key as to where -- rather than just saying nice words, that really is the foundation, and I believe very solid foundation, to the bases of the sentiment we're sharing with you.
Richard J. Daly: I'm going to make an overall comment, and then move it to Jim. So in the beginning of the year, we told you that -- in particularly on digital, we believe we have really unique opportunity. We really touched base on that in our Investor Day as well, okay. For the year that was the one that was identified at the very beginning of the year. Commitments were made at the very beginning of the year, and we're absolutely in line with those commitments, maybe even slightly ahead because of some opportunities that we have there from a technology point of view. So we're very pleased with Inlet. The progress Inlet is making, and the multichannel build out is progressing, we think, very well, okay? With that, I'll let Jim comment on the balance of it overall.
Richard J. Daly: And from a business point of view, we -- just like our tuck-ins, this has the same disciplined process, all right? And so Tim Gokey has been literally, every day, including yesterday, meeting with our line leaders and reviewing the status of where they are on their plans as it relates to this activity. And this is part of where I emphasize beyond the tuck-in product expansion, it's the investment in the product opportunity we have as well. And you should think that it's a very disciplined build-versus-buy mindset all tied to that 3-year view of the revenue growth we want to control to control destiny on that 3-year view.
Richard J. Daly: Okay, so I'm going to turn it over to Jim, but remember the dividend is part of that yield level. You've got the repurchases in there as well. But Jim, go ahead.
Richard J. Daly: Junisha, thank you. So first of all, thank you for all participating today. Jim, David, and I look forward to meeting with you, and we're certainly hoping that you'll find the opportunity to participate at our upcoming investor lunch. That's going to be at our 1 Park Avenue office on Tuesday, February 17. And so as I look out the window, I see some flurries out there, but it's feeling pretty warm and sunny in the beautiful headquarters conference room in Lake Success. Choose to have a great day. Thanks so much.
