Rich Daly: On the SPS side it was our strongest year ever. We had a number of large transactions. We had a number of outsourcing transactions. We feel very good about the pipeline. We feel very good about the value proposition. I think it would be of interest to read the Schwab press release on July 13th. We live in a global world. North American investors need to invest globally and Broadridge is fairly unique in our ability to provide that offering to the market. So on the SPS side, I tell you that we feel good about last year and the opportunities we are looking at. At the ICS side, we did anticipate doing a one larger transaction, reporting transaction, which we still are going to be in discussions with, but it didn’t take place. The processing deals are at higher incremental margin and that’s why overall, even though it was our second highest year in recurring revenue sale, as Dan and I saw through the numbers, it was probably the highest year in margin and earnings contribution capabilities that we had and we look forward to 2012, and we look forward to staying focused in giving you a clearer view, Dave, on the recurring piece, because that’s the part that’s going to create the long-term value as we go forward.
Rich Daly: There is no question about it, but there is also no question that both businesses leverage that infrastructure more efficiently together and dramatically more efficiently together than they could possibly ever do it separately. The key is, if you look at the processing peaks that the communications business needs and things like (inaudible) versus the processing peaks that the processing business requires in market openings and the trade settlement activity, those peaks are very different and enable us to leverage our scale far better.
Rich Daly: We would anticipate in that range of 110 to 150. So, that gives you a mid point here of 130. Now 130 would be a record year and that would include large transactions. We’re probably anticipating greater than 25, it could be a range of 35 to 50 in there, but we’re happy with the dialogs we’re having right now in the marketplace, Jim.
Rich Daly: They have been for a long time. But what we do internally, and I’m not going to go into this level of detail of where the pipeline is, but we go through on a very regular basis at least monthly, all right and I go through that more on a personal basis and we rate the likelihood of deals, okay, by the size of deal. So, the probability of where we are in the sales cycle and what the hurdles are between where we are in closing. So, we feel good about the range of the 110 to the 150 and we feel good about the contributions that we’ll make to ‘13 and beyond.
Rich Daly: In both of those transactions Jim, I’m very pleased we have these properties. I think we are the right owners. I think they meets the four criteria I laid out during the call. I expect both of those transactions that are going to add meaningfully. So, Access Data running behind without Schwab, my tone will be very different. Access Data running slightly behind on its numbers, but we’re now building relationship from the 30 fund families, funds that Access Data dealt with when we acquired them to 600 now really provides us very, very meaningful opportunity. I almost feel the same way I thought about proxy in the early days. Once we prove the people that something is so much better, we really have significant opportunity. City Networks gives us a reconciliation capability, both in the U.S. and Europe, which we didn’t have before. Reconciliations is a big business. Reconciliations is a big activity, particularly for the BPO activity. So, when you take our BPO capabilities and having that application capability, I feel good about the dialog, the sales force momentum on that. It wasn’t that big of a transaction. That’s an easy transaction for us to get a very good return on given the small size that it was. So, that one I’m putting into what I hope is going to be lay-up category.
Rich Daly: There’re two things that drive event-driven revenue, business opportunity and then regulatory need. The business opportunity is something that people can manage more than they can manage the regulatory need. So, we had a study done beyond all the work we’ve done this year to really get behind what drove all the prior transactions and what’s going on in the marketplace. There is an economic desire to minimize cost by the industry, given the challenges that the mutual fund industry is having. There is not a secular change in the reasons that are driving the need to go out in the market. And I have a lot of history just going back well over two decades. Historically, we have never been right on the turns up or down, all right, but this is the lowest activity levels we have ever forecasted. We’ve never had activity levels below where we are right now. So, although it’s possible that it could go even lower, when you’re dealing with low double-digits of activity versus historical norms, call it, in the low 20s, all right. In ‘10 we were almost at 50% of activity of all the possible positions. There is a heck of a lot more upside here than there is downside. I would put the downside into a normal manageable event and I would put the upside into it could be very meaningful, but we don’t want to be planning on it. We can get to the value creation that we need to get to by managing this through ‘12 and just looking for normal activity when we get to ‘13.
Rich Daly: When I laid out the use of our shareholders’ cash, I was very, very focused and pointing out again dividends and expressing to the market our confidence and our strong cash flows and then our very strong future. We believe raising the dividend and our Board believes raising the dividend was the right thing to do. I wanted to clearly signal, so you read it exactly right that you should not expect the same level of acquisition activity this year as last year. One, we don’t believe that we will be as fortunate in the properties, and two, we have a lot going on here and I want to be very, very careful about execution. Three, in terms of the buybacks, I mean this recent market activity is recent for all of us and we got to the share count that we believe those are right share count and that we signal to you last year. We’re not providing any signaling in that regard at this point and we’re certainly going to look very carefully what’s going on in these markets and what’s in the best interest of our shareholders.
Rich Daly: Yes, Dan, you’re absolutely right and that’s why Tien-tsin when you go to that section where I talked about the use of cash I emphasized maintaining an investment grade is not emotional thing for us. These large transactions that we’re talking with large clients about right now without question the dialog in their organizations, by the way including yours Tien-tsin comes up that if they’re going to rely on us for mission critical services, they want to have a high level of confidence and our ability to perform throughout all markets.
Rich Daly: Yes, I put what we’re doing with Penson right now. They announced a letter of intent to expand their relationship with us. The size and services that we’re talking about here, particularly in the BPO side are very routine for us. We’re in what I’d call the normal GAAP analysis we go through to finalize terms and this is I would put it into the category of business as usual and it's not dissimilar to the conversions that we’re having with many of our other existing clients looking at expanding services of BPO opportunities. We don’t, at Broadridge, announce letters of intent until we have a signed deal, final deal finalized. I would expect us to be able to finalize this over the next 30, 60 days or so.
Rich Daly: I will go anywhere anytime to explain to a client that we can do more for them. That’s SOP for us for sure.
Rich Daly: It is correct. Let me give you some context, Peter, because there were two phases to Penson; phase one was the business which we sold them, which is on our outsourcing platform right now, okay, and that’s a little over 20 million. Then phase two there was Canada and the U.S. pieces. Canada was probably about 40% about that call it 12, 13 million, that’s done, all right. Then the remaining U.S. piece is a little more than 15 million or so, and that’s the part that is going to be taking place in the second quarter. So, a lot has transpired. We with Penson and one of their clients who is converting off their platform, okay, which was announced deal, everyone is aware of it. They had a strong need to do that. There were economic considerations between the three of us to allow that to happen. So, we delayed our conversion slightly to allow that conversion to take place prior to our final piece happening. We made a lot of progress and we expect the rest of the progress to go, I’ll call it fairly routinely, which is there is always challenges. But as I even pointed out in the script and in other place, execution is what we do. We’re very good at it. It’s our culture and I feel confident in our ability to end this transaction as planned in the second quarter.
Rich Daly: Now, Peter, when we get to ‘13, it’s in essence exactly the same with slightly less amortization because of some of the expense we’re having upfront here.
Rich Daly: Well, as always, we want to thank you for your participation. Dan, Rick and I do look forward to meeting with you in the near future, and certainly in times like this, we all need to choose to have a great day. Thanks so much.
Dan Sheldon: We’re still going through that piece of it. So I would say we will get back to you at the end of Q1, so I’d say stay tuned. Okay, obviously, we would think that a lot of the savings would go into the SPS business.
Dan Sheldon: Yes, Jim let me just add on to that because you and others have asked us the question that says can you help us understand better how you come up with your 110 to 150. So, just to put it in perspective, this year as in prior years about $65 million came from less than $5 million deals and you’ve heard us talk before about $5 million in greater deals on what we’ve called the (inaudible) and that was $45 million this year, that’s how you get to just over the 110. When you’re looking forward and as we look forward, we also know the acquisitions should be incremental of that; we also have some newer products. So, when I talk about the 65 of the 5 you should be thinking much more in a range of 75 to 100 which as I mentioned acquisitions in new products, then add on top of that for your low end around 35 million and your high end 50 million for deals greater than 5. I don't want you to think that there are all $20 million deals; they are greater than $5 million deals. And again, historically, we had averaged 25 and in the last two years 45 to 55. I think that puts it in perspective.
Dan Sheldon: Really, our guidance hasn’t changed because when we gave you the range of 6 to 9, at the lower end we weren’t counting on a lot coming from the internal growth, call it, like a point.
Dan Sheldon: Yes, Rich the only thing I’d like to add on to that is our debt levels are very important to us as well. We talked about investment grade. Right now, we’re sitting at 1.9 to 1 and our limit is 2. We’re very aware of what we’re allowed to do. So, when you think back a year ago, we had well over $400 million of cash and significantly below the 2 to 1, we’ll call it, debt-to-EBITDA ratio. Sitting right now, I just shared with you 1.9 is level of debt and we’ve got about $240 million plus of cash on the balance sheet.
Dan Sheldon: No, we’re extending the contract isn’t going to do anything with any kind of amortization, etcetera. So, the point of the matter is what we’re looking for that is it's a longer term deal as well as new opportunities we talked about that Rich will speak to that they mentioned on their call.
Dan Sheldon: Yes. So if you’d looked at the two first bullets where we said it’s now 85 million for what we normally would have thought about expensing capital, which we said before was going to be like 75. That’s just us refining our estimates. It’s that next piece where we talked about the fact that said in our contracts with IBM starting a year from now, we were going to pay them every single year approximately 2 million for what they called transition fees. The SEC as well as our auditors worked with us and said you know what, you’re going to have to take a part of that and absolutely recognize those expenses in that $10 million that we said was a bit of a surprise, but, you know what, we did everything at a time instead of doing it just it’s a big deal and we’re just going to book it the way we think it was, we actually (inaudible) sought out advice on that. So that’s the only difference is the 10 million.
Dan Sheldon: Yes, it’s $10 million for that piece that we call pull forward and I’m just sharing with everybody we use to tell you 75 million for capital and expenses, that’s now 85. So the real answer is, it’s 10 and 10 is 20.
Dan Sheldon: Yes, Peter, it's Dan first and then I’m going to turn it over to Rich. On Slide 21, what we’ve tried to do is share with everyone, okay, what our cash flow and you have it write-down, is you’ve got the midpoint of 225, you’ve got about $80 million let’s call it for the dividends, okay, and that leaves the remainder, I mean we’ve always said around we have to always maintain $100 million. That’s what we've always said, because part of that is locked up in capital in our what we call the ridge business still as well as foreign cash that unless we use the cash outside of the United States, which you can’t use to buy back shares because you will get a tax impact on that. So, we’ll be thinking that that’s why we’ve always said 100 million.
