Jim Young: Yeah David. As I said in my remarks, we now see organic growth at 3% to 4%. And I also said that, we expect acquisitions to be another five-plus points, which gets us back to this range of 8% to 10%. As we look at that internal growth, I think it's important to remember that 3% to 4% is comprised of the softer first half at about 2%. And we see strength in the second half, especially the fourth quarter, which helps us exit the year at a healthy rate.And then specifically, and it relates to your next question on internal growth remember that event-driven is not reported in our recurring revenue. So it's not – the internal growth is not related to event. What you're seeing in that internal growth is a function of trades some of the weaker mutual fund communications that Tim referenced driving that. When we look in the second half and we think about the strength of our proxy season a couple of comps just easing a little bit we think that internal growth flips to positive. So it's that combination of continued strength on revenue from new sales, plus positive internal growth helps us exit the year at a higher organic growth level.
Jim Young: No. This is really the equity volumes that some of the industry has seen much weaker. We were down 16%. And so in hindsight not a big surprise, but clearly that's something that usually is sort of neutral to positive. So we were down 16% that's going to put some pressure on revenue growth at the margin.
Jim Young: Pete, sorry, I may have misunderstood it. Just remember we're taking about five points -- better than five points of growth coming from M&A and our recurring revenue for this year.
Jim Young: Yeah, Chris. Hi, this is Jim. As you recall most of these acquisitions in the first year which is everything we're talking about because as a lot of these were done in Q4 and then just this year are pretty neutral to the year. The only -- so I think the assumption is relatively modest. There are -- as Tim mentioned, a couple of the businesses are overperforming already and doing pretty well. So, nice contributions.In the grand scheme of brokerage earnings nothing that moves the needle, but nice contributions above our business case, which means that we get a little bit of contribution above and beyond the plan, but nothing that is significant in that respect and worthy of callout.
Tim Gokey: Patrick I'm going to start, this is Tim, and then I'm going to let Jim add on to that. I think one of the broad points is really implicit in what we've been saying, but I think it's worth just restating is that we are really an annual company. And so when you think about what are our drivers of organic growth, it's really around position growth and then revenue from new sales.And in the seasonally small first half, that position growth doesn't really have a chance to come through and have the impact that it does for the full year. Remember that 70% of our proxy business is in the second half.So, I think we see that position growth coming through and having a bigger impact in the second half, a turnaround in some of the smaller internal growth factors that Jim talked about that's why we feel good about -- as well as the continued strong performance on revenue from sales, that's why we feel good about the acceleration in the second half.And then what you're going to see is that building from Q3 into Q4 so the exit rate in Q4 I think is -- will be the strongest part of the year and that gives us a good feeling about 2021.
Tim Gokey: Sure. The -- some of our -- our large clients are always looking at how they manage their costs. And as they've been looking at their client experience and specifically how they handle the treatment of communications to managed account holders, a couple of the -- our larger clients are taking a little different view on that and that's something that we think will persist over time. And so they're just doing some fine-tuning about who they send what to. And so that is -- didn't have that much of an impact in the first half. It will have some impact in the second half and that's built into all the forecasts and guidance that we've given.
Tim Gokey: Yes. Ken thanks for asking that question and I'll start and let Jim add in anything that I missed. But we're really excited about this. As I said in my prepared remarks, it's a real step forward in our hybrid multi-cloud strategy. We think it's going to enable us to really speed our time to market. It's going to offer enhanced resiliency. It is going to allow us to offer new capabilities over time and really we think improved strength of our SaaS offering.Importantly, -- and I didn't get into this as much on the cause not a substitute for our public cloud strategy and we continue to invest strongly with AWS. We have 80 teams at work refactoring various applications and modernizing them and we see that as a real modernization approach.But the nice thing about the private cloud approach is it doesn't require any change to the applications. It doesn't require any client testing and also there were a number of our associates that moved to IBM. So, those associates will be able to continue to support us and have great career tracks.So, we think it's a win for our clients it's a win for our associates and it does -- when we talk about what's the impact on our operating expense, it is more efficient. And that is going to enable us in the near-term to increase our investment in terms of moving to the public cloud and developing our application.So, it really is a nice move away from spending money on running servers and things like that to being able to invest in things that will make a real difference for our clients. So, we are excited about that.And then the last piece is what it will also free up is capital dollars that we're investing. So, in addition to the expense today we have capital dollars that we won't have in the future.
Tim Gokey: Second quarter we felt really nice about. We have ended the first half really where we had hoped to for the first half. And so it was -- if you take out the very large deal from last year, it was about on track with last year. And the timing between first and second quarter I think something happened in Q1 that is great that they happened as early as they did. So, we feel really on track in terms of delivering on our full year sales guidance.
Tim Gokey: We're just -- and you're a little soft, we're approximating the question, Pete, but it is -- I think, I would say, yes and no is my answer, which is we do definitely see continued traction on digital and that's a very positive thing. But that's not the cause of what you're seeing this quarter.So what you're seeing this quarter is really very much around the post-sale business and the change we saw in really volumes there. And again, we projected those volumes going forward for the second half.And we'll -- just because I -- as you say digital it sort of gets my juices flowing. I can't help, but talk about that a little bit. If you look at some of the things that we have going on in digital over the past two years, we have onboarded more than 100 mutual fund complexes and transitioned from DST onto our next-generation cloud-driven digital platform.And we really transferred that like-to-like in the initial instance, but that platform has significant capabilities that those funds aren't using today. And so we think that's a really nice digital opportunity for us over time and -- that we'll see some nice acceleration there. So we do remain excited about digital, but that wasn't the impact this quarter.
Tim Gokey: Yeah. I don't think that we are seeing anything related to the zero trading. I think when we look back and try to correlate this and you can imagine that we spent a few late nights trying to – well, yeah, not me, but the team here as I said a few late nights trying to correlate that and we really see -- the best correlation we see is really with the VIX and with volatility and so we had in periods of high volatility there can be a lot of rebalancing activity.So I was calling it new sales and new purchases, but a lot of this has to do with the things that decisions that individual investors may not be making themselves, but is happening as a matter of rebalancing of large portfolios and our in-managed accounts. And so I'm not taking us on the zero trading side, and I am thinking it's a matter of just with the pretty quiescent quarter that we just passed there wasn't a lot of that rebalancing activity.
Tim Gokey: Yeah. I think I would say that they're not accretive in the first year their margins do increase over time. I think that's really built into the 50 basis points per year that we tend to talk about and have delivered on for a long time. So I would really think about it that way.It is just a case to talk a little bit more broadly about M&A and I've talked before about how we see this as an evergreen opportunity for Broadridge, because there's always change and all these teams creating new opportunities. And we've really seen this year that play out in terms of when we can make these companies sort of under our umbrella using our master services agreement, our sales force, our servicing, how that really adds value to them and why it has such good returns from this over time.And just you're not -- we're not buying these and holding them as sort of separate things and ending up as a collection of stuff. They're being nicely integrated into our product offers and into our service delivery. So we think this is really something that is an important part of our growth strategy that will continue.This year it is at a higher level than it typically has been. And as you know, we take a lot of time, looking at what are the things that we would like to own and we do that well in advance. And many of these conversations, many of these are companies we've been talking to for many years. We don't necessarily control when they decide they want to transact, but it's nice that we have with our balance sheet and leverage and other things, we have the ability to act when people do want to transact and we think, we have really nice business cases around these.
Tim Gokey: Yes. I'll take that. It's Tim. Thank you, Andrew. We are definitely seeing a lot of good interest. First of all, we're making good progress on the implementation with UBS. We had a very high number of deliverables for the first year, which I'm pleased to say we finished on track. And so, we're excited about that. We're seeing a lot of interest from others in terms of -- with the agreement around the pain points that we've identified and the interest in really being part of the open architecture platform of the future. And -- so that is good.In terms of specifically on the broad platform, the momentum, in terms of closed sales it's really too early for that. These are long conversations and people want to see it further along in the build, but those conversations are very positive. What we have seen is, we do have a lot of component solutions in and around that platform and those have had nice momentum.I mentioned the sale of an adviser compensation solution to a leading wealth manager. That was the largest sale ever for that business and that is a really nicely growing business for us and plays right into things like Reg BI, if you think about the number of conversations we're having with clients about Reg BI and all the solutions that we bring to the table, the communication solutions, the advisory solutions and with Fi360, they really to help people really looking to their portfolios and make sure that they are suitable, so lots of good things happening in wealth. It's a really nicely growing area for us.And then I have to just do a callout to Mike Alexander, who just this past week, we asked to take leadership of this combined business, which we're now bringing together under one leadership. So, we feel really good about it and continue to make good progress.
Tim Gokey: Yes. I'm glad you asked that, so we can just clarify this because, in what we talk about externally as customer communications, there are a few different business lines. The largest line is the transactional communications business and that is the business we've talked about quite a bit in previous calls, that has had -- was affected by that client -- those departing.This quarter, it was not the transactional communications business. And that -- the transition off of that client is essentially complete so you won't hear us talk about that again in the future. And that business was stable. It didn't grow, but it didn't shrink either. And -- so the 3% you saw -- minus 3% you saw this quarter was related to the postsale business that we talked about.And then, I'll just -- I will say on the transactional communications business, just even though -- just to remind people, even though the revenues haven't gone down, it has been a nice contributor to earnings. And because of synergies and other things in the acquisitions, it has been growing earnings over the time that we've been talking about it. So, that's where that is. It is -- it was stable this quarter. I'm not putting out the mission accomplished sign here, but that transition off of the larger client is complete now.
Tim Gokey: Yes, I would just like to thank everyone for being on the call today. We remain very excited about our revenue from closed sales, about the level of sales activity, the backlog, the M&A performance. We're looking forward to increase in organic in the second half. And we just remain really confident and excited about what our long-term opportunity is. And I'll just bring you back to the conversations that I've had since the beginning of January with leaders of our largest clients. And when we look at the challenges that they face and transformations that they're looking to do and the alignment of what we are doing with what their needs are, I feel very optimistic about the future of Broadridge. Thank you.
