Rich Daly: Thanks, Dan. Please turn to slide 12, before we go into the Q&A part of the call, let me summarize and leave you with a few more thoughts on how I feel about where we are and Broadridge's future. The businesses recurring revenues still remains a lagging indicator in this difficult economy, what is charting past to new clients and product opportunities. Across our product set, we have very good momentum, both in new product generation and successful sales execution. For example, we entered into the mutual fund electronic disclosure solution space with the acquisition of NewRiver. We are disrupting the stock transfer agency business with the acquisition of StockTrans and we recently announced an enhanced mutual fund proxy solicitation solution. Finally, even though the market conditions are difficult, we reaffirmed our full-year guidance for both earnings and closed sales. The SEC issued its concept release in July and the comment period has ended. Many have asked what the potential impact is on Broadridge. Notice and access and many other changes have historically had a positive to neutral financial impact on Broadridge. We are uniquely positioned to implement any process changes that the SEC chooses to implement. Today we are an indispensable partners of the process and we intend to continue to add more value in the future. By connecting the overwhelming majority of active investors, the overwhelming majority of active custodians and investing heavily to enable governance to take place beyond what the regulations require. Broadridge has put itself in an indispensable position which we are confident will evolve to the benefit of issuers for investors, regulators and our shareholder. The key broker, issuer and clearing corporation’s comment letters support of this view. Virtually all of our past success and future opportunities can be tied to culture, culture matters. We have tangible proof of having the most engaged associates in our space. We are consistently being recognized by independent organizations of having an engaged and motivated work force. Our existing business model and management are positioned to execute on our current communications and processing product set and build or buy additional mission critical functionality as the industry’s number one trusted partner. Broadridge is financially strong, we pay a meaningful dividend and we have opportunistically repurchased shares over the last two years. We have strong free cash flows and a low debt ratio that affords us the flexibility to look for strategic acquisition opportunities that will enhance our business. I would like to take this opportunity to personally thank our dedicated associates who worked so hard to ensure our success. We have the best associates in the industry and I sincerely appreciate all they do to make Broadridge number one in all we do. I will turn the call over to Suzan the operator and I welcome your questions.
Rich Daly: Sure, first of all Pete this even though from possibly your perspective this is a current dialog. For me this has been a dialog I participated in now for three past decades. So, the first thing you need to recognize here is the stroke of the pen of the SEC changes the broker fees, Broadridge charges the brokerage fee for the vast majority of what we do outside of the brokerage thing, so we charge them a fee for services and that fee for service is less than the SEC’s approved fee, the broker is entitled to retain and does retain that difference, but if the SEC lowers that fee, for the vast majority of what we do, it doesn’t change our fee or our contract. Now that’s a technical legal definition, practically it does have some impact in terms of our negotiations with those clients going forward, but here is the real thing you need to be thinking about. There is no one who can represent that the fees are always stated with any real support. Registered fees run at a multiple of which street fees run. In the free market we charge a multiple of what we charge in the street environment. The New York stock exchange who has the most oversight in this role before it gets to the SEC is paying us call it 10 times in the registered side per account then what they are paying us on the street side and they are doing that voluntarily versus using the services for their transfer region. Now we have been a very good corporate citizen and enabling corporate governance, transparency, efficiency accuracy to get to extraordinarily high levels, but our job here is to represent our shareholders and create shareholder value. When you have three fees that cover dozens and dozens of functions, most of which don’t have fees associated and many of which if not the majority don’t have a regulation requiring it. When we sit down at the table, we are looking to be appropriate but someone just saying well I can't prove to you that the rates are too high. As a matter of fact there is tangible proof the rates are artificially low, well we are going to arbitrarily lower them. In regards to protecting our shareholder, we have an obligation to say well we’d have to look at other things like things we are doing today that aren’t covered by regulation. I don’t expect it to get to that, our approach has been let’s talk about the total cost of the process, and the total cost of the process includes that billion dollars we already save people and there’s close to another billion we can take out with technology. Now most business people would say if it’s a $0.5 million in fees and we increase that $100 million or $200 million and you could save me another billion that’s a pretty good deal. That’s really the way I am looking a the world, there is opportunity both from a cost point of view, an investor participation point of view, but the execution and implementation on those technologies cost real money and our shareholders are entitled to a return.
Rich Daly: I think the SEC is doing an extraordinarily good job here. They are teaming up the opportunity to apply technology. Before you make any changes, it’s always appropriate to say does what we have today work and work well. So I think they asked all the right questions, I think they have gone to the right process and overall I am very pleased with the comment letter they got back particularly as I pointed out in the call the comment letter that matter the most. So I am hopeful that the SEC is going to view this the way we do that there is a opportunity with the technologies available today to go out and implement these technologies to really create those transformative benefits, I mean the social network where investors can talk to other investors, boards can truly understand what shareholder’s views are and represent shareholders and not be as impacted trying to represent public sentiment, is really what capitalism is about and anything can now transform the benefits, forget our Broadridge. I am talking about to our markets overall. So I am hopeful that SEC will view this as a unique technological opportunity and move faster rather than slower, but history says that these things can move at a wide range of speeds.
Rich Daly: Okay. Lee, I am going to split the first question with Dan. I may have dropped a word I intended to use so we have 11.8 million additional shares available at this point in time. Yes, I drop the word additional and I apologize for that. I’m going to have Dan come back to share count but let me continue on the second part of your question which is as CEO my confidence in repurchasing, I am going to give you two points here that give me great confidence about Broadridge's future and our ability to create value or support, your question with two points. The first is when we look at what we did with IBM? What we do with Penson? What we do with Morgan Stanley? We make clear decisions to make investments today that although they are either hurting us today or not contributing today. They are going to start to give us meaningful benefit in 2012 and beyond. All right? I also believe at some point in time although our lagging indicator, we are going to catch up with a better economy, but most importantly when most of you have modeled out 2012 and beyond, it’s certainly a positive view based on what we know today. I will tell you another thing, Lee because you and I have had this conversation, when I look at the potential of acquisitions whether be tuck in or other, if the team comes to me with a I will call it a nice modest return of 15%, my comment here is not interested, I will go buyback shares because I am confident on our ability, on the path we are on to great value. I look at transactions going forward as a way to accelerate that, not just as a same old same old. So when we repurchase shares, we believe we are doing the right thing in the long-term interest of our shareholders as you know which I happen to be one and as you know I haven’t sold any shares,
Rich Daly: I told this and I am not going to tell you what I am going to do with it as well. I certainly don’t want to enable anyone to have front runners. Okay. So my position is on what we do, we give you a clear view of what we did, why we did it and why we believe it was the right thing and I am going to leave it at that.
Rich Daly: Jim, this is Rich. Having done this for a long, long time, the windows that we get to see how far out event-driven is going to happen, is only about 60 days. So I have been a hero and I am going to go at anytime in  my career over the event driven activity, but as I have said and it’s worth repeating here, I really like even-driven activity because it’s a very good CAGR over any period time, it’s just in particular quarter, you can feel really, really good or really, really bad but it really isn’t tied to the performance of the business. Mutual fund positions for the record also still continuing to grow and it’s slightly above 10%, so my confidence in event-driven revenue and that CAGR continuing as we go forward is very high, I just can’t tell you in which specific quarter
Rich Daly: I will give two views here Jim, there are certain deals that we do that are so strategic, that it’s the 15% is a good number, but you should view them as being pretty small. I will call it at the smaller end of a tuck-in. If we are talking about spending, at the higher end of the tuck in or even a little beyond that, I am not accepting 15% of buyback shares. It’s about accelerated revenue not just a little bit above what we have the ability to do.
Rich Daly: I am going to answer that slightly differently because I have received call making me a commissioner as of this moment. The opportunity for the SEC to apply technology and address so many things that in realty the 143 new regulations don’t address, in terms of transparency is extraordinary. Think about what technology happens here in terms of the world we live in, we think about the way we get information, think about the way we disseminate information, the SEC has the opportunity to provide this to investors and in particularly around the social network, this would be the only meaningful network I am aware off, where only shareholders would be on and when you are speaking to another shareholder on the network whether it be investor-to-investor, management-to-investor or board-to-investor, okay? You would be doing it highly confident that you were talking to a joint investor. So we can achieve and also show network well we can achieve for our kids when they think that’s working to another 13 year old and could be talking to someone who isn’t 13 year old. So I think the opportunity is here, I am hopeful that the SEC will view it in the same way and I am very, very encourage by the way they positioned their concept release
Rich Daly: We had a few moments of encouragement over the last six months, the (inaudible) crash killed the first one and subsequent to that there’s been points here as well. I always say that’s a question I am thinking, that in your job you have got better insight to than I have in my job. I do talk to lots of clients, what I am encouraged by is that they are talking about all the products all right more actively, than involve communication products and processing capabilities as well 401-ks, annuities, et cetera, et cetera. So to think about this, this has been a really bad environment and more than 98% plus retention rate on a recurring revenue. When I said at the end, that was still a lagging indicator what we are not getting is a normal couple of point benefit from our recurring revenue, but we are certainly retaining our recurring revenue. I think we are well positioned and at some point in time, the markets have to come back unless people are going to be investing it with some 1% and putting case through college, saving retirement and buying houses.
Rich Daly: And then there are two Dan I completely agree with everything you said and even though here at my level at the sales level, the sales commissioned level you are never comfortable and so its behind you historically because of all the funds out there, it was only about a third of the firms that will participate at any point in time but beyond that there are two additional hedges which really should give you long-term comfort, just not any particular quarter comfort, the two hedges are that the number of position is growing, so when the job does happen, it should be up 11% just from last year of the same job at the same time. The other piece is one of the key product initiatives that I mentioned, is that we have a new mutual fund solicitation product which is a proxy predictor model where we have a very small percentage of mutual funds solicitation, we think we will enhance our revenues significantly from that because we have a value proposition to the market place which will get them to climb faster, less anxiety than they have today and it’s really in the Broadridge model which is supplying technology to make the process that much more efficient, so again on a quarter-to-quarter basis until in any given year, over the goal line, we are all going to have some degree of anxiety. When you step back and look at the business fundamentals, it’s really something that should be growing and consistently growing over any period of time
Rich Daly: I have actually had conversations directly and I was just going through my mind, I am relatively certain with every commissioner and of course Mary, the chair, Mary Shapiro. When you grow out something like that is always, this could be transformative but like any change or things that you say well gee maybe this could create too much dialog, may be this would allow an appropriate dialog, right? I believe that the upside is overwhelming and that through technology we can manage any of the concerns that have been raised to us. But the real benefit Tien-Tsin, is by taking out a billion dollars is great, and it could lead and certainly we get us closer to taking out the next billion. But if you think about the overall markets a $1 billion versus over the trillions of investments out there is not the meaningful thing. The meaningful thing here is everybody talks about the last financial crisis, the financial crisis before that, so Sarbanes-Oxley the 143 new regulation and they always talk about transparency. Where is the transparency in any of that? Its regulation, okay. this would create transparency that would be available to shareholders that would be available to management and will be available to boards. So think about if something goes wrong in the world today, how quickly the world knows. Or something goes right or wrong today? How quickly the world knows through social networking technologies, twitter et cetera. We are applying the same technology except if someone made the statement you make it only of the shareholder and if you made a statement we would know who you are and you would be accountable and if you made a deliberate false and misleading statement, you would be held accountable. That is so far beyond another network out there. So as you know I am very pumped about this. I will say I put this is in the win not just category because the benefits are so overwhelming and the world is already here, we are just trying to get corporate communications at the level with the rest of world already winter.
Rich Daly: We certainly thank you for all your questions. Dan, Rick and I expect and look forward to seeing you in the future. I am going to encourage you all to choose to have a good day. Although at the Lake Success will be a good day, but a wet and cold one. Thanks so much.
Dan Sheldon: Yes so at then end of the quarter we will be at a [125.5] million shares and then there’s 3 million shares what we call the delusion aspect, stock options and restricted share.
Dan Sheldon: Yes, that’s pretty much way to look at it. So let’s just say we are about a million to 2 million short of our goals because if you look at the 128 to 130, you have to know that also in February and March of every single year, we have more shares that come out.
Dan Sheldon: Yes on the mutual fund side, I will tell you that on the M&A side there is another 22, to go is another 15 to $20 million. We are thinking that there is going to be 20 to $25 million for the year. And we came in at about $4 million this last quarter.
Dan Sheldon: Yes, the way to think about that is where you see we call it the mutual fund, in the mutual fund space it was greater than what we had thought.
Dan Sheldon: It’s activity that did not come through this year because we already knew what we are going to pick up and what we are going to pick from the prior year primarily was going to head us in the second quarter and we knew that was going to be light anyway in the first quarter and it came in lighter than what we have said as we’ll use it, as we have said we have a low point and a high point, we are hoping it would come in the middle and it came in at the low point.
Dan Sheldon: When we are looking at larger deal, we call these larger tuck-ins, we would absolutely be looking for also besides the higher hurdle rate, if you are looking for accretion.
Dan Sheldon: When you think about what's left in the year and I am breaking both between the mutual funds and the overall event driven. We got to generate about on the total event another $100 million to $190 million to hit our goals for the guidance we give. By the way and this excludes last year's huge large two deals. We have average between a $180 million and $190 million in one year and that was back in 2009, did we see it as we are dropped of $20 million from that number. So that’s the worst we have ever seen. Going back to the mutual funds, what I would say to you is that I would expect we will start hearing some news in the second quarter and it will carry into the third and fourth quarter. So I look into the second quarter and say do I hope it's up a little bit we are tracking, we know some deals that are in there. But I think its going to be more heavily awaited for, when we get back together in February and talk we have a much clear idea as far as what ideals were out there, and what actually got closed because the thing we have to remember to it and again I want to come across positively. We hear a lot of noise out there and talk and people will then say I am going for with it or they may say I am going to put it on hold. For them to come in just stated last year in the second quarter I would say well we decided to ask all of our funds versus just a few day might have been discussed. What I will tell you is that’s not been in the pipeline and that’s why we pulled it out of this year's guidance anywhere near the high shares that we talked about last year. Okay or the other one time large deal. Once we are thinking we talked about larger deals are somewhere between $1 million to $2 million in revenue.
Dan Sheldon: I will give you the answer the first one, just the first quarter it is, the lower number is primarily due to lower than what we said or thought was going to happen in August, okay primarily event-driven, that’s what’s driving the difference, when we say why aren’t we changing our guidance, we will give you two pieces there, one is it is a bit to do with the share buyback, but very little. Most of it has to do, you heard us talk about NewRiver acquisition. Well I also mentioned that NewRiver is accretive. So therefore that helped pick up some of our business there as well very importantly as with most companies you go in there and you look and you say, okay, we can fix some risk, even take some of your expenses and maybe some of your expenses that you wanted to do, but you are not going to do, so we pulled those back in the remaining three quarters. That’s how we are still holding to the guidance. And very importantly we are still looking at this and saying an event-driven, we believe we will still pick up in the remaining three quarters, a 160 to 180 million in revenue, which historically has been there. And of course it's also the relative size of the first quarter versus Broadridge.
Dan Sheldon: Actually you are right. What I am saying is if you look at history, we generated a $160 million to $180 million or $180 million to $190 million. So therefore we are saying we think that’s going to repeat itself and therefore not really higher than the prior year. If it's higher than Q1, the answer is yes.
Dan Sheldon: While we would expect very little since we have a 10 year contract. And the contract recognizes the importance of the relationship between Penson and us and the acquirer would be in a position where they would need to address a majority of the aspect of the contract.
Dan Sheldon: What I am saying is the way to look at this is to say that we said in the first half that we aren’t going to see much growth and you had to back out then what we showed on the grow-overs. So that’s how I would answer that question.
Dan Sheldon: And we will be plus or minus to that depending upon whether we see a pick up or somewhat of a slowdown. That’s the right way to look at it.
