Tim Gokey: As you know, that transaction closed in September and we have ongoing dialog with TD on this. There hasn’t really been any change in strategy. I would say the dialogs were very positive. We have a variety of solutions that they may chose from employee going forward. And we would expect to conclude something around this, sometime the next 12 months.
Tim Gokey: I specifically tried to give you a sense in the call, let me elaborate on that. So overall, the quality of dialogs and the level within the organization we’re having these dialogs, continues to improve. The reality is that with 33 clients on the managed service platform, we’ve crossed from chasm from going from early adaptors into the mass mar. And when you have a proven model and an industry that continues to say they’re looking to neutralize cost, Broadridge’s program was -- we're the only viable model why they are working out there. And everything else is pretty much a theoretical dialog. So we’re in many active dialogues. Now as you know these dialogues are not -- if you want to have a cup a coffee but there, it’s very, very complicated. One of the things I find encouraging to the long-term is that the more successful we become at this, the larger the scope the client wants to have in the dialogue to make it even more transformative than it already is. So I view the long-term position to be very, very good and we remain encouraged about where we are for this year and even looking forward to next year based on the current dialogues. You’re right, it is lumpy. I always say though we’re meeting something in a headline if a deal closes in June versus July given the ongoing climate really doesn’t mean anything to Broadridge and our long-term results. But we will clearly keep you posted, but the pipeline is as healthy as ever and the dialogues are better than they look.
Tim Gokey: Dave, I’ve been doing as a real long time. And the reality is that activism has become an asset class. And the reality is, is that an activist can create gains for their investments even when they don’t win the contest. So although, it’s very difficult to plan and we’re probably not going to put anything into our numbers until something is announced. And by the way, the announced theme, they actually enter into a contest not threatening and direct to contest. We’re not going to be putting anything into are thinking about the near-term results. With that said, I do expect the activism just based on the trend we’ve seen to continue. And I do think it’s going to be adding to event driven overall over any multiyear period.
Tim Gokey: We have gone live with a major milestone with the European Bank that we talked about. And that is now in multiple markets. We’re continuing to and including their largest market, and now we’re continuing to roll that out to other markets over the next few months. And with respect to the fixed income budget we talked about, that is scheduled go live sometime in this next quarter.
Rich Daly: And going back to the sales question earlier, that’s another proof point to the market that the industry is look into neutralize cost Broadridge has the leader tangible and live solution.
Rich Daly: Chris, it’s a good question. One of the things that you have to look at, and I feel it every day, is that although our industry is doing better it’s not that ROE is at a record levels. In any cases, it’s still not where they wanted to be, where they needed to be. There’s two types of dialogues going on at the execution level on these organizations, the cost pressure on the senior management, keeping the light on every day, is as high as it’s ever been. So it does two things. The willingness for them to look at ways to cut costs is very high and has still continued pricing discussion, which I just consider as okay. As interesting though at the more senior level given the fact that it’s no longer the outliers or the early adapters that have gone to our full scale solutions. At the C-suite level, there is more dialogue about help me understand more how this will work in my organization. So I don’t see tax is having any change in this dialogue one way or the other.
Rich Daly: Chris, the sales generally tend historically to be back end loaded. We have lots of people who work very hard to make their numbers. And we generally have a pretty strong fourth quarter. Large sales can make the year smoother. And as we noted, we really haven’t had any significant large sales year-to-date versus last year. So I am and looking at this as we expect to be in the range. If we could bring in some large sales that could certainly help us to be even stronger. But as I said earlier, whether sales closes in June or July or August, wherever it is, I am more concerned is it a 12 month implementation or is it a 24 month implementation, candidly then I am if the sale closes a month or two earlier, one way or the other. So all-in-all, let me put it to you this way, because I know you ask me about this all the time. My cardiologist right now doesn’t have any concerns about where we are.
Rich Daly: Chris, if I have the choice of getting things earlier in the year, later in year, you know we’re always going to pick earlier in the year, whether it’d be sales, event driven revenues or be it in plan. With that said, I'm very pleased where Broadridge is, at this point in time.
Rich Daly: Our M&A activities, as you know, we take very seriously, we have very disciplined criteria. We need to be a better owner. So why would Broadridge be a better owner. So that means that we need to fit very much within our clear strategy. So we are so confident in the strength of our governance and capital markets franchises that we continue to look very hard at opportunities in there. We're still in a tuck-in buy versus build mode, because they really doesn’t seem to be anything meaningfully that would fit clearly in there. If we could identify something that clearly fit in there, then the other criteria must be in a better order, and a strong IRR capability, we would consider that as well. Let me be clear if anyone ask the next question, there’s no change in anything I just said other than continued confidence and the execution that we’ve already done.
