Richard J. Daly: Thanks, Edings. Good morning to everyone on our call. Before I begin my update, I want to congratulate Tim on his well-deserved appointment to President. Tim joined Broadridge in 2010 as Head of Strategy with the mandate to help us to transform Broadridge from a company that was reliant on market factors to drive its growth to one that was more closely aligned with its clients and long-term demand trends. Since then, in his role as COO, he has led both our ICS and GTO segments and maintained that focus on driving growth. Tim has broadened our product offering, and a thought leader with our clients and he is a valuable partner in helping me to manage and grow our business, so congratulations Tim and I look forward to continuing our partnership over the coming years.
Richard J. Daly: Thanks, Jim. I'm on slide 13 of the presentation, let's review the key points of our call. We delivered a strong fiscal year 2017, with recurring revenue growth of 29%, adjusted EPS growth of 15%, and most importantly record closed sales of 25%. Those results mean that we were successful in delivering on the three objectives we laid out at our last Investor Day achieving a recurring revenue CAGR of 14% and adjusted earnings CAGR of 11%. Broadridge increased its dividend for the 10th consecutive year, underscoring our commitment for long-term shareholder value creation. And our 2018 guidance calls for more of the same, recurring revenue growth of 46%, double-digit EPS growth and strong closed sales, in other words another typical Broadridge year. Looking beyond 2018, I believe Broadridge is again in a position than ever to sustain its growth. Let me tell you why I'm very confident. If you recall our Investor Day in 2014, we laid out three key areas of investment. We said we would invest in our technology organization, since then we have invested in our technology team and platforms, to the point where we are now running the do facto standard back-office utility for more than 30 clients and working to integrate blockchain capabilities and cloud based communications into our core product offerings. We said we would invest in strengthening and enhancing of product portfolio. Over the past several years, we have continued to make tuck-in acquisitions to broaden our global product portfolio and are continuing to build world-class managed services capabilities by leveraging our presence in the U.S., India and elsewhere. Finally, we have continued to build the Broadridge brand by investing in our sales and marketing capabilities. As a result of those investments, Broadridge is now a much stronger position than it was three years ago. Our reputation among our clients used to be that of a trusted vendor who could efficiently manage existing technology. Now, we are increasingly being approached by our clients, as a partner who can help them adopt new technologies, and transform their business models. That puts Broadridge, in a much stronger position to pursue the large market transformational opportunities that we see around mutualization and digitization. We'll share more of how we intend to pursue those opportunities at our Investor Day. But for now, let me briefly cover a few areas where we think we can drive significant value for our clients. As financial services institutions look to transform and utilize their mission critical, but non-differentiating back office functions, Broadridge is the only player with the proven technology, scale, innovation, experience, and most importantly, the clients to achieve this and meet their needs. Building on that position as an industry utility, we are well positioned to add additional layers of value, by driving network benefits to our clients. That should lead to additional opportunities, around fastest settlement time, and even the ability to create greater liquidity and fixed income markets. We also see significant opportunities to continue to expand our post trade utility franchise, outside of North America. We are working with mutual funds and regulators that continue to drive increased engagement, and cost efficiencies into their communications with their fund holders. We also see additional opportunities to help them streamline their operations. And I see a significant long term opportunity to help our clients navigate the evolution of transactional communications from email and envelopes into a more dynamic and cloud based future. A more immediate step in realizing this objective will be to win existing print business from key large in-house players and with the pipeline we have built over the past year, I am more optimistic than ever about our ability to do that. Today, we have the depth and breadth of product opportunities, the depth of management talent and the depth of credibility with our clients to pursue these exciting opportunities. Anyone or more of them could contribute meaningfully to our overall growth. As I look out over the next few years, that's a great position to be in. Before I turn the call over to your questions, I want to thank more than 10,000 Broadridge associates for their work over the last 12 months. Their commitment to meeting or exceeding our clients' expectations is what the service profit chain is all about and is what drives the financial results that we reported this morning. Now let's open it up for your questions, Adrianne, please open the call up.
Richard J. Daly: And Dave, I want you to add a little color of that as well. Jim pointed out that we've assumed a more moderate growth due to the historical averages, for the stock record and mutual fund interims and flat trading volumes. To be able to be in the position we're in right now to target, what we're targeting from 2019, assuming that is something we could have never done five plus years ago. And Dave, you've watched us for a quite some time now, and you know that what we're planning fiscal 2018, we're already thinking about 2019 and how we can deliver consistently, so that over any multi-year period, we still believe we're going to be a top total shareholder return performer. That's the way we like running the business.
Richard J. Daly: Well, because, as Jim also pointed out, because of the pass-throughs and with postage in here, you know that our strategy and a key part of why we did the NACC transaction is to be more relevant for the cloud players out there, with the most – and we now have more meaningful content than any other entity that does distribution. So the more successful at converting as we go forward, all right, which I really hope in 2019, we will be converting some volumes over. Okay, if that postage goes away, that would be a good thing. So, it's really the recurring fee revenue that really drives us here more than the total revenue as it relates to the pass-through.
Richard J. Daly: It's very easy to delay a filing, all right. And I wouldn't say it happens with great frequency, but it can happen.
Richard J. Daly: Well, as you know, prior to Tim, John Hogan was president, and I liked the structure first of all, all right. And it absolutely is a reflection for the contribution that Tim has made. And it's certainly anticipation of those contributions continuing as Tim and I work together over the next few years.
Richard J. Daly: Okay. So, in terms of NACC, we went out very clearly at the time we did the transaction. We have what we need in terms of content where it's close to 6 billion pieces of meaningful content to execute against our strategy. We're very confident that we're going to be able to grow the revenue of that business because the reaction from in-house, large in-house providers, think like major banks and major financial service companies that have an in-house operation, have been impressed by our overall strategy, which includes not only the very, very efficient distribution of the material as it exists today, a very, very efficient meaning of far better postal situation where we get about 95% at a nine-digit sort capability, which is real money. And then on top of that, okay, are very meaningful investments to enable us to be able to go to the cloud provider of their choice encrypted, secure, et cetera, is something where we're going to folks, where most people do what we do where most people do what we do are opposed to eliminating print. And we're going to folks with this strategy that says, we're coming here because we want to help you eliminate print faster and through our network, you may have a customer that's eliminated print with us somewhere else and we'll enable you to get to that customer and show them how they can eliminate print with you as well, getting to that network value we talk about. So, I don't really see the need for us to grow that part of the business through acquisition, if there is an opportunity on something in technology to enable the network benefits and the cloud benefits to happen faster, that's something we would certainly consider. And again you should be thinking tuck-in, nothing of any transformative nature.
Richard J. Daly: Yeah. One point of a personal note. So, it's been 10 years of Broadridge, it's been almost four decades for me of the benefits of stock record growth and I'll tell you that, there are many times in my career that stock record growth mainly look a lot taller than and bigger than they actually are.
Richard J. Daly: The client is not live yet. So we'll be doing the conversion at the end of the year. So, there is absolutely nothing related to that.
Richard J. Daly: Okay. And Patrick, this is Rich. You know that we are zealous of our commitment to the service profit chain here. And what we are doing here though, I think really does align very importantly with the fundamentals of the service profit chain, and looking at the organization and saying, over the last 10 years as we've grown, we've also grown in a number of tiers that we have in the organization. And in my heart of heart as an entrepreneur I really believe a flat organization where there is less layers between the customer and me is critical that we always listen to the customer. And Tim and the team have done a lot of work on this. I'm going to ask Tim to comment on just what we believe. Yeah there is going to be some expense here benefit, but the real thing is, is the flexibility we have and the responsiveness that we'll have with the customers going forward.
Richard J. Daly: And Tim, I should have said this when I was asked about your promotion. One of the things that both I and the board have been very, very excited and impressed is, today Broadridge has two great segments. I mean what happened in GTO, and the very specific focus that Tim put into GTO to enable that business to contribute the way it contributed today. But more importantly, when we talk about the industry's need to take out cost and neutralize cost et cetera, GTO is well on its way to creating a franchise standard that we have in proxy and in our communications segment. And, so, I'm glad that Tim also pointed out for the upcoming Investor Day, because what I tried to cover in the call today was tangible things. In the past all of you asked me, well, tell me the things that can happen. Managed services can move the needle around here. Making fixed income making more happen that can move the needle around here. What we're doing in the mutual funds, and working with the regulators to make communications more efficient, as in less costly and better for investors. And this is just a tee off to how you'll see we're building the foundation, and what Tim and the team have done to build the foundation, as we roll out on Investor Day. So, I don't want to wish my life away here, but we're really excited and we really hope you will mark your calendar. We think it's going to be well worth the time to be with us on Investor Day come December.
Timothy C. Gokey: Thank you, Rich. We're now on slide 5. As Rich noted, Broadridge performed well in fiscal 2017 with strong growth in both ICS and GTO. I am especially pleased with performance of the GTO business in fiscal 2017. Our (13:48) have put a lot of work into that business over the past several years to align it with the key market growth trends and it's gratifying to see that paying off. On an organic basis, ICS recurring fee revenue grew by 8% in the fourth quarter and 6% for the year. Our growth benefited from a strong proxy season and stock record growth, which measures the growth in total shareholder positions, grows 8% for the full year including 10% in the all-important fourth quarter, and was stronger than the 3% growth reported for fiscal 2016. While stock record growth can vary from year to year, underlying that growth is a continued popularity of stock ownership as a means to invest. After the financial crisis, stock record growth was slow to recover averaging 1% over the 2011 to 2013 period. Since then, the number has been much healthier averaging 7% over the past four years including 2017's 8%. By staying ahead of the market, Broadridge continues to benefit from that trend and our hardworking ICS associates have evolved our world-class service to create a true industry standard. Another driver of our organic growth in the fourth quarter was stronger mutual fund and ETF interim record growth. Just as stock record growth, is a proxy for the number of individual stockholders, interim record growth captures the number of funded ETF holders who hold funds in ETF and beneficial accounts. In general, interim record growth tends to track the overall level of fund flows into mutual funds and ETF. These flows get into negative territory at the end of fiscal 2016. Since the fall, however, fund flows have turned positive again and that turn has been reflected in our business. After a slow start to the year, mutual fund and ETF, interim record growth picked up in the second half rising to 7% in the fourth quarter. For the full year, interim record growth was 4% in line with 2016. The biggest driver of recurring fee revenue growth in our ICS segment was the acquisition of NACC, which contributed $424 million to our recurring revenue growth. Our teams across the company have put in an enormous effort to make this acquisition a success; the integration is going well. As you know, we expected some near-term revenue headwinds as part of our acquisition case. We've been pleasantly surprised by the strength of the recent sales activity and a growth in the pipeline. To make me optimistic, it will put the business on the solid growth track sooner than we had anticipated. Looking forward, we expect continued recurring revenue growth across the ICS segment in fiscal 2018 driven by steady growth in regulatory communications, strong sales of our data and analytics and other filings, moderated by the numb client losses in NACC. Turning away from recurring revenue, our ICS business also benefited from strong event-driven activity in fiscal 2017. Event-driven revenues rose 10% for the full year and 62% in the fourth quarter. The biggest contributor to the changes in the event-driven revenues both on a quarter-to-quarter as well as on an annual basis due to timing when and when mutual fund complexes go to their fund holders for a vote. Typically, they will do so every five years to seven years. In the fourth quarter when the largest mutual fund and ETF complexes went out for a vote, the overall level activity was higher than normal. We estimate fiscal 2017 mutual fund proxy activity cover 20% of all funds which will put us closer to the high end of that five year to seven year historical range. Looking ahead to fiscal 2018, another major fund complex has already filed to go out for a vote, so we are forecasting another year of strong activity. Our event-driven revenues also benefited from increase in shareholder activism at large companies including recent campaigns at our clients at General Motors. Because of their short notice, these large campaigns are complex and require real precision to execute. Broadridge's ability to do so is a core skillset of our proxy franchise. Let's move to GTO. As I said at the outset, the GTO business continuous to perform well reporting 11% growth in the fourth quarter and 9% for the full-year as the strong sales led momentum we have seen all year continued. As Jim will discuss, this growth translated into strong earnings for the year. We recorded another record year for GTO closed sale in fiscal year 2017, which combined with a strong backlog from prior years positions us well for continued growth in 2018 and beyond. I'll now turn the call over to Jim to write a review of our financial results.
Timothy C. Gokey: And Peter, it's Tim Gokey. Just one thing that I wanted to add to it is that the vast majority of these losses which were known at the time of the acquisition represent business model changes for the clients rather than independent decisions to leave. So, examples would be a major client was acquired and another one that is changing its billing system provider. So those are not related to the service that is being provided by us is really related to things that are going on in those client businesses.
Timothy C. Gokey: Absolutely. And I think the other element that I would add to this is, we're going to be talking at our Investor Day about our outlook going forward and how we are realigning the business further around some of the biggest growth trends that we see. And some of these organizational changes are really getting in front of that and aligning the organization around phasing off against our biggest client opportunities. And then within that, as Rich said, we're really working to flatten our organization to get closer to the client to make it more nimble. We did this last year with our GTO organization, and in that effort we reduced that organization by three layers, we increased average span of control. We had a significant portion of associates are being promoted and really improved the overall organizational health. And we saw success in that effort, we're bringing that to the rest of the company now. And we're very pleased with what we think, that's going to do for us going forward, both in terms of just the overall health of the organization and then in particularly with our alignment around our biggest opportunities.
James M. Young: Sure, David. This is Jim. First just breaking down, we've got the recurring piece at 4% to 6% which is almost all organic and very much in line with our longer term organization growth. If you move to event, we had a very good event year, but as we said we think event is going to be flat. So, on a total revenue growth basis that will be a bit of a drag off of that 4% to 6%. And then the next piece is you layer in that distribution revenue which we're also saying will be down and there are a couple of factors in there. One is we had large contest activity in this past year that Tim mentioned that comes with it a lot of postage revenues given the mix of it. We don't anticipate that repeating, so that will drive a decrease in addition to some of the customer communications work we talked about, that also comes with high postage and that is going to have a slight contraction, so therefore that will come down and have an impact on total revenue. Just circling back to your final point on the closed sales; absolutely great closed sales. We'll get some benefit in 2018, but I think as we've been signaling for a while, even as we've had big sales, some of these larger deals we've been closing certainly have longer conversion times that may not show up until 2019. So, again we see accelerating revenue additions from sales in 2018 for sure with, we think, more impact coming even in 2019.
James M. Young: And Dave, just to finish out your question on the algorithm. One thing that is a little bit unique, as you look forward to 2019 is that loss rate that we've talked about, would tick up from 2% to 3% as a function of these known losses of BRCC. And so, that's absorbed in our – that 4% to 6% recurring revenue growth. And again, we've got, given the pipeline we're optimistic that, maybe, we can get that business in a growth mode sooner, which means as we think about that growth algorithm going forward, it would start – it would not be a drag to our growth as it is this year.
James M. Young: Yeah. Pete, maybe just how that – we've talked about that loss rate going up from 2% to 3%. I would attribute most of that, if not all that percentage point to NACC. So, on a $2.5 billion base you would then for somewhere in the neighborhood of $25 million and that's probably a pretty good indication of it. In terms of that run-off, it will be a long way through by the end of 2018. Although we do anticipate some remnant still probably de-converting in 2019. But as we think about the sales that are coming on, hopefully that becomes, kind of, de minims in the overall growth algorithm.
James M. Young: First off, on the overall question on event driven, we do see it down, very modestly low-single-digit type contraction – low- to mid-single-digit contraction. In terms of the large proxy we talked about, too early to give you a quarter, although as Tim mentioned filings out there, so you can start to maybe assume that it's first half barring any kind of major hiccup or change in plans.
James M. Young: Pete, that's a tough question. As we looked in the past three years, I read out those numbers kind of $40 million, $20 million, $40 million, in that range. There's some benefit that's been recurring for sure and if – as you know the key variables are stock price exercise level of options, a little bit of restricted stock, vesting with the bigger one is option. So, the things that we have to know and assume are a little bit around performance of shares, a little bit about what's going to be vested and available for exercise, and then the actual exercise activity that goes on. So, very difficult to project. Other than if I look at the trend, look at where we are, it looks like we'll have a meaningful contribution next year, given the number of options we have, we think that it continues to contribute going forward, but as I said very volatile, very difficult to forecast.
James M. Young: Yeah, absolutely, and I do think that the key point here is that we believe that our stock record as it has been for the past decade is a long-term trend and that will continue with the help of overall equity markets and there may be short-term fluctuations as there has been in the past, but the long-term is very solid. Specifically, for the coming year as I described and as Tim described, we're really looking at historic averages for those and sort of playing this, sort of, right down in the middle of the fairway. There have been – there was a slowdown on the mutual fund flow side earlier in the year that is coming back and that seems to be much more in line with historic averages now than it was 12 months ago, and that's a positive. And so, we see this is something that we think is really just part of that long-term outplay. Obviously, if we were in the position of pure market prognosticators we'd be in the business side, but it's – we do think it'd be very positive over the long run.
James M. Young: Sure, Patrick. So in the fourth quarter you are seeing our investments ramp from the efficiency initiatives, which is a combination of both consulting costs as well as severance costs related to this. And as we said, we started doing this work over the summer. So some of it will fall into the first quarter and so you'll see more of the same type of expenses in Q1, and then complete this overall initiative.
