Richard J. Daly: Sure, David. Well, first of all, it's always great to have a stronger start than looking to catch up. We've historically had very strong finishes to the year. And as I said, the summer months just by the nature of getting things scheduled and meetings to occur in the summer makes the first quarter traditionally the weakest quarter. With that said, specifically to your question, the sales were evenly broke -- where the large deals would be in both segments. And -- but we saw good momentum across both segments, not only for the 2 large transactions over $5 million, but pretty much in terms of all of the activities. So the investments that we made in product, the investment that we've made in our merging and acquired, along with cost mutualization being a theme that's driving activity for our industry overall, is what I would attribute it to. Timing is always 1 quarter versus the next quarter can be interesting. It feels great to start strong like this, and we're looking forward to a strong year.
Richard J. Daly: Well, one of the things that we wanted to do this year was kind of close out the dialogue we had last year, where we increased the discretionary part of investment into the business, based on the very strong start we had last year. And then in our planning process this year, what we felt great about, and I really mean feel great about, is that we now made that a regular part of our planning cycle, which just, given the market environment activities up until last year, we never had that added flexibility. So even though nothing's changed, and what I meant by that, so I said, even though we're not going into the details of the $40 million. But I said, with all that said, nothing's changed from what we shared with you in our original guidance on our year-end call. That $40 million is activity that really requires the business units to submit their plans, because people compete on their ideas for capital. It goes with the same criteria as our acquisitions do. We're looking for a strong return targeted about a 20% IRR. We're looking for the viability of execution. We're looking to make sure that the talent that we need to execute these ideas is there. And so the bulk of that would generally be executed in the second half, right? We're still on course to do that. The great thing here, David, is though, that if you look at the way our revenue rolls out, if you look at the way we close Net New Business, and when it turns into revenue, we're using this for 2 things. One, we're using it to accelerate our growth, and we expect to do it in the majority of years. However, if the market activity was to get squirrelly and decline, it gives us the ability to make our guidance commitment, which we take very seriously, without altering the long term of the business. And I think for our investors and the people like you who follow us, give you the ability to have more confidence in our ability to not only grow over a multiyear period, but to meet our commitments with more confidence in any given year. So the fact that, that $40 million is not all the investment we're making into the business, the fact that it's not all of our capital activities that we put into the business -- the reason we highlighted it last year is because we were unable to do that because of the increased earnings, operation and potential that we had last year. We made it an increased recurring activity for this year to keep that flexibility in the business, and to keep the added growth opportunity in the business. But for us to be sharing that activity versus all the activities, we think is out of context. Now what we're really looking forward to at Investor Day is you hearing all the activities that we're investing in, across both segments, in order to give you the confidence we have in our future opportunities to grow.
Richard J. Daly: David, our platform does not include derivatives at this point in time, in terms of the exotic product nature. And yes, we don't -- there are a number of people that have viewed this as a strong opportunity. And of course, mutualization in our industry, particularly given the pressure that the largest of firms are under on their ROE returns. So we feel that the momentum continues. These are not quick closes. We were particularly pleased to hear in Accenture's last earnings call for their reaffirmation by referring to -- that they were investing in the leading post-trade services platform, which is Broadridge. So we particularly like that quote. We think that we are the only proven solution out there. We are the only solution that has real volume on it. In our case, it's extraordinary real volume. So we feel good where we're positioned. These remain long dialogues.
Richard J. Daly: Yes, Pete. I apologize, we didn't communicate it clearly. Fidelity was in our fiscal '14 fourth quarter. So we announced it on the August call, but Fidelity is not in the first quarter results. So we had a very strong fourth quarter and followed by a very strong first quarter.
Richard J. Daly: George, I've consistently reported that the pipeline is growing, and that is absolutely the case. We -- I mentioned on the call specifically about Chris Perry joining us, and he's a true professional. I believe he had at one point in his career 3,500 sales associates reporting to him. I know that number is directionally correct. And -- so he has dove much deeper into our pipeline activities. And so having a strong pipeline is a good indicator as we go forward. We expect that number to continue to grow. We have struggled with what metrics in that to share with you, other than my directional comments. And I hope at some point in time in the future, we'll actually be able to share a little bit more detail. What I don't want to do is provide detail that you have to be us to understand. So -- but directionally, there's no question. We feel good about the pipeline. And just by the pressure our industry is under, without -- it goes without saying that the pipeline is growing.
Richard J. Daly: George, I'd say that's fair, but I'd also say that over the last 2 years, we've had lots of dialogues with large deals. We're still having some dialogues with some of those same large deals. So I don't want to give you an indication that I believe that every quarter we're going to be doing 2 large deals over $5 million, right. Although nothing would make me happier than to do 2 or more large deals every quarter.
Richard J. Daly: Sure. Well, George, my policy on repurchases has been very consistent. We absolutely recognize that we want to use our shareholders cash to create shareholder value for them. We have a unique situation in that, given the importance of what we do in the marketplace. That importance is recognized by our clients, by us being a solid financial investment grade because they are outsourcing to us, as you heard with these 2 large deals as well this quarter, mission-critical activities to their organization. So they take comfort, and they have a need to be very confident in our financial future. With that said, we absolutely, as you saw in our year-end call, are committed to paying a meaningful dividend with a meaningful payout, and that's what led to the increase we implemented and announced at the year-end call. Tuck-ins are a priority; I did not announce a tuck-in this quarter, right. And I would have loved to have announced a tuck-in this quarter. But nothing has changed there either, which is our criteria to do a tuck-in remains at a very high level. It needs to make strategic sense. It needs to be -- make more sense under Broadridge's umbrella than a private equity umbrella, and therefore, it needs to be able to give us a 20% IRR without any crazy terminal value calculation or things of that nature. As we continue to generate cash, we believe that Broadridge itself is a very good value. And if we weren't able to do tuck-ins at a level, and I emphasize tuck-ins, at a level, that we believe was with in line with what we wanted. We also believe that Broadridge is a good value, okay, given our confidence in the future. But we will never be telling you when we will be doing share buybacks until after we do them, right, because we don't want to create any front-running-type opportunities out there. So when I say nothing's changed, our philosophy around this has not changed. Our commitment to using cash because of our confidence in the future is as high as it's ever been to create shareholder value because the one thing with Broadridge that has been remarkably consistent since the spin, including the financial crisis, is our ability to create strong free cash flow consistently every year since we've spun.
Richard J. Daly: Chris, it is absolutely a growing pipeline. So that means whatever we close is more than exceeded by what we're adding. I'm highly confident to making that statement. The strong start is something, as I put, I'm very pleased. You guys know me for a long period. I use the term very pleased sparingly, all right. There's no question, I'm very pleased. As a matter of fact, my cardiologist is very pleased. So it's a great start, all right. And -- but think about the product growth that we've created, and I really mentioned -- I wanted to mention this on George's. Think about the product growth we created. So there were deals in that sales and recurring revenue closed sales number that weren't products 3 years ago, right? There are things related to the acquisitions out there. There are things related to the emerging products we created, all right. And at Investor Day, you're going to get a better view, although given all the irons we have in the fire, a 3- to 4-hour Investor Day presentation still won't be adequate. But what you will be hearing from the leaders of the businesses is they're confident in their ability to control their destiny without relying on market activity. And so it is going to come down to Net New Business, and we've been making investments for quite a while. It's nice to see the great start to the year. What will matter is the overall sales results for the year, which we remain confident in achieving our guidance. And there's no question though that if we had done more than $32 million based on the product we're adding, the acquisitions we've done, the Broadridge brand growing in the marketplace and this whole cost mutualization theme that is putting lots of pressure on all of our clients that get rid of and reduce non-differentiating costs, it puts us in a very strong position. I want to add one other thing to why our pipeline is more credible than most companies' pipelines. We have made and continue to make and have always made strong investments in cyber security as well. And our industry right now has reached a heightened level of focus on their own cyber security and the cyber security of those they do business with. And we're still 1 of 9 entities, I believe, it is in financial services overall, that has an ISO 270001 certification. It's not an easy thing to achieve, all right. It separates our fact and position from our competitors' hearsay. So it's things of that nature that also give us added confidence in why doing business with Broadridge is a better choice. Even though we may not be the lowest cost, we are clearly the best value.
Richard J. Daly: Chris, it's a great question. I'm not going to -- PIMCO is something that generates market activity. By the way, the markets going up and down the way they did -- I'm sorry, down and up the way they did in October, certainly generates a lot more market activity. Things that generate market activity are good for us. I particularly like things that generate market activity positively. So a market going down generating market activity is not positive long term in terms of investor confidence. A market going down and up is a little tougher to call, but I don't call it negative in any way. So when people decide that they want to be out of a specific investment, all right, that will create a transaction, okay. And if that money, which in most cases it does, goes into another investment, that creates an offsetting transaction. So if somebody hypothetically went out of a fund and into a new fund, okay, we'd have one trade if it was done through a client of ours, we'd have one prospectus fulfillment prior to the transaction, and then we'd have the same recurring revenue around the recurring communication requirements under the regulations. What often happens, Chris, is when people, whether it be go from one fund manager to another, or from one class to another, equity to bonds or bonds to equities, what we see is that they often hold part of the original investment and then go into another investment. And what that does, it generates the trade, it generates the prospectus around the trade, but it doubles the recurring revenue around the asset servicing because it went from 1 fund position to 2 fund positions. So the one thing that's been a really neat recurring revenue growth driver around here has been mutual fund position growth, and that remains true today. I don't think the PIMCO situation dramatically added to that activity, although it's I'm sure part of a net add.
Richard J. Daly: The APTP transaction is the thing that, as I pointed out in the past, really was a game changer for us internationally. By being partnered with Accenture, we went from having a relatively small sales force covering everything outside of North America, to now we have the Accenture machine, which is regularly in every financial institution around the world, including outside of North America, consistently presenting the opportunity for APTP at these organizations. What we have found in some of these dialogues is, when we've brought into the dialogue as the processing expert in the APTP transaction, it's enabled us to discuss some of our other offerings, whether it be Broadridge City Networks, which is a reconciliation product, Bonaire or other type of transactions. So part of that growing pipeline that we've discussed reasonably at length in the Q&A today is also tied to some of our international opportunities.
Richard J. Daly: Well, Benita, thank you. And -- so Jim and I want to thank all of you for participating today. We do look forward to meeting with you in the near future at our upcoming investor launch on November 11 and hope that you will join us for our upcoming Investor Day, again, which will be held in New York City on December 11. So it's a little cloudy, drizzling here in beautiful downtown Lake Success, 2 blocks outside of the New York City tax district. But right now, inside of Broadridge it's a pretty sunny day. We're certainly going to choose to have a great day. We hope you do as well. Thanks.
