EdmundReese: Yes, thanks. Hi, David. Thanks for joining this morning. Look, first, I'd start off by saying that the fiscal '22 growth is strong across both our organic business and the contribution from acquisitions. And I think positions as well, for the three year against the three year objectives that we have positions as well to be towards the high end of that. We still need to execute on sales, converting our sales to revenue and the Itiviti integration. We feel very confident with that. And I think that will actually position as well. I think as we think about some of the areas, you heard us say earlier that we're positioning volume growth to return to mid single digit levels. That obviously can be a tailwind. But we feel confident based on our view into the first, next-- the next two quarters that we can expect that level of event driven revenues, I think, is also something that on a quarterly level has been quite cyclical. We've returned to more historical levels this year in fiscal year '21. And I think that growth was broad based. So we feel confident about that as we go into fiscal year '22, as well. And I'll tell you that we feel good about the margin expansion that helps us get to a strong point from an adjusted EPS growth standpoint, as well, that's driven both by Itiviti, and the continued scale and efficiency gains that we get in our core business, as well. So as you think about the variability in our model, going to fiscal year '22, I think we'll continue to focus on executing on sales, converting that sales to revenue, driving the activity integration, I think event driven revenue is more in line with what we've historically seen in volumes are back to mid single digit levels. And I think that's what drives the range for us. And Tim might want to add a point --
EdmundReese: And, Tim, I'll just add, we were able to make those investments that you're talking about it continue to expand margins in line with our three year objectives, and do that while continuing to deliver this double digit EPS growth here. So it really is the right time for us to invest for growth now.
EdmundReese: Great. So let me first start with the confidence in the next year. Darrin, we look at, we have some insight into stock record positions for companies that we expect to proxy in the next one to two quarters. And when you look at that testing, which I would say covers the large majority of distributions. And maybe there's some movement between the time that we test and the time that we actually mail but the information has been quite reliable. And when you look at that, you see what we said in my prepared remarks low teen growth through the first half of the year. And mind you that's coming off of 16% growth in Q1 last year and 24% growth in Q2 of last year. So low teen growth coming off of that. And that's helpful. That gives us great insight. But I'll remind you that the first half is our seasonally light period of the year, if you look at '21, or look at '20, the first half of the year was 13% of overall volumes. So what really is more important is the back half of the year. And we are assuming and modeling more normal levels in the second half of the year that we return to historical levels. And you combine that and that's what gets us to the mid to high single digit growth level.  So you're not, I don't expect to see 33% and 26% coming out of the fourth and full year numbers that we see. But we have good insight into the next six months or so. And I think what we have modeled positions as well, first of all for fiscal year '22, and gives us confidence in that. As we think about the margins of the business, clearly, overall in our business, what we're able to drive bringing on new customers without a new business without incremental cost to scale in our business, the efficiency gains that we're able to get. I think helps us be able to expand margins, but specifically on print, and digital it was good to see our customer communications business, not just driving the earnings growth that we've seen there. But now to see digital, which is a higher margin business, because there's very low to no margin in the distribution revenue, starting to grow in recurring revenue, which is a higher business for us. So you might see lower revenue in that business, but it comes at a higher margin, and we feel good about the progress we're making on that
EdmundReese: Darrin, I don't spend a whole lot of time looking at the quarterly numbers for the GTO components. If you were to look back at Q3, you would have seen the opposite of what you saw in fourth quarter in terms of more of the growth, being in wealth management and less being in capital markets. We're coming off a year of 7% growth in GTO. That I think is the important thing. Now three points of that is driven by the Itiviti acquisition and four points of that was organic. So I think as we think about the growth going forward, trading volumes coming off still 12% in fiscal year '21, over tough comps and maybe less volatility going into fiscal '21. I think we expect to get back in our organic core business back into the 5% to 7% growth range across both of those businesses really driven by net new sales, as Tim talked about earlier in both our capital markets business and wealth management business.  And Q4, we were growing over some license revenues, higher license revenues in fiscal year '20 and lower trading volumes. But I think you'll start to see driven by new sales, let's get back to the 5% to 7% three year objectives that we have across both of our businesses.
EdmundReese: Hey, Peter, thanks for joining this morning. So you're right. We said if you look at the last seven years, the average has been about $220 million. If you look at that on a quarterly basis, you're going to see movement a cyclicality each quarter, I think on the slide we shared that the average has been roughly $50 million to $55 million per quarter. And I think that is a good range to think about your modeling on a quarterly basis. I think the key thing about event driven revenue, though, is that as I looked at fiscal year '21, the growth as I said in my prepared remarks was broad base. So it wasn't any one particular contest that drove the growth, it was across a mutual fund proxy, it was across contest that was across capital markets. And I don't think we're looking for any big cont, big one item in fiscal year '22, either. So I think that gives us confidence that we'll return back to the type of average four year numbers that you've seen over the last seven years.
EdmundReese: Yes, so maybe I'll start, Puneet, with one or two comments, and Tim might want to jump in on just the businesses itself. But you look across our businesses, particularly for recurring revenue in our ICS business across regulatory that is volume driven across our data driven solutions, across our issuer businesses. Those businesses really are scale businesses, as we bring on new volume as we bring on new customers, they do come on at attractive and accretive margins in those business. And the same thing as we think about our SaaS platforms and capital markets and wealth management as well. So the margins are quite high there. As we think about the customer communications business, you see a margin dynamic as you move from the lower no margin, print business to higher margin, digital business as well. But overall, I think, as we think about what we expect to do in fiscal '22, and going forward, you can expect collectively will balance the growth in each of those businesses, with our investments and being able to deliver more than the expansion overall in that 50 basis points type range. But, Tim, you might want to add.
TimGokey: Yes, just add into, I guess, how Edmund started, which is, as we are looking at the strong year, we are having this year, actually I was initially thinking will we be able to keep that same momentum going. And as we saw the trends coming together in the second half of the year, and putting together a plans for next year just became apparent, the strong underlying momentum in the business. And so we're definitely benefiting from Itiviti, but you peel Itiviti out and the organic growth is underneath there is right in line with our three year metrics. So we feel really good about the guide for this year, and about what it says for our momentum as an overall company. 
TimGokey: Yes, Thanks, David. I didn't mean for that to sound like the shift but it might have sounded to you, I just think that with the volume increases that we've been seeing, that making sure that we have everything in place in, in all of our facilities, with all of our technology to support those really the organic numbers that we're seeing, that was really what we're referring to. And so, really as and you're very familiar, we take a long term view, we invest for the future. That's what we're doing. And but there are some near term tailwinds. And we need to make sure that we provide great service to our clients.
TimGokey: Yes, absolutely, Michael. And we were really pleased to be able to invest in our products and platforms this year and in our people. And we have real money in our budget for next year from the investments we made this year. So we see these things coming to life. I think you can almost kick down the strategies, and you see investments really almost across the board. Because you look at the regulatory business, we're investing to really build that out in Europe, between the shareholder rights directive and our European Fund Communications Business. You look at our funds business and the investments that we're making, in our data intelligence business, that continues to be a very strong growth for us, and we see a lot of future runway there. We've been investing clearly in our VSM capability, but also in our disclosure business for corporate issuers. And, of course, our ongoing investments in digital communication.  So right across the whole governance suite, you see investments in each of those areas. And when you look at the product roadmaps, we able to accelerate some of those product roadmaps and look at the number of innovations that we have delivered over the past 18 months in things like core proxy and core distribution and regulatory communications. It's markedly up. And then on the capital markets and wealth management side. Really, they're the investments in things like Digital Ledger Repo things like LTX, applying AI to fixed income trading, making a big difference. And so we're just excited across the whole portfolio. And you are -- that's why you're seeing strength in the underlying growth in each of those areas.
TimGokey: Yes, Michael, thank you. Look, we are really excited also about our sales guide for next year at $240 million to $280 million. I think that really shows how as we continue to add on new solutions, like Itiviti, we see an increased market for us, brought to us in a lot of additional sales resources. And so we do see higher sales for us. In terms of how that will affect the backlog, it is -- when you look at the mix of sales, we had a lot of sales this year that were not strategic sales, they were a lot, and we had a lot of singles this year. And as we bring on the Itiviti sales, those also tend to be a little bit smaller, a little bit faster to implement. So I think sometimes when you see the mix between some of those very large strategic projects, and the singles and doubles, the singles, doubles come online, usually sort of within a year versus within two years.  And so I think we may see some fluctuations in backlog. I'm not sure what how to imply what that means for the momentum or business it does. It does flex a little bit based on the product mix. What I will say though, is seeing that backlog grow again, this year, having $400 million of revenue that we know is going to come live over the next two years. It gives us a lot of confidence in the revenue from sales portion of our growth formula. And that is the largest part of our growth formula. And so as CEO and when you think about the environment that we have out there and all the concerns, we have to know that revenue is already been sold. The projects are in flight is happening. It gives a lot of confidence in that and to make some sleep just a little bit better at night.
TimGokey: Yes, Darrin, it's Tim. Let me just delivered a step back. And then I'm going to let Edmund add on to things. I do think it was really remarkable year from the standpoint of physician growth. And we do see it though, as part of the long term trends that are driving position growth, across equities, and funds and ETFs. And those, as you know, are democratization investing, managed accounts, more nascently direct indexing. And so we see those trends continuing in the future. The record growth this year very broad based, which really reinforces our view that as part of these long term trends. In terms of the investments to support, it was really around ensuring that the resiliency of the network and being able to produce sort of output from multiple places. And that is just -- it is not a major thing. But it was just something that we thought we needed to do. So not really almost wouldn't even enter a model but just to show the ongoing investments that we always make in our business. I'm going to let Edmund comment on the margin profile and sort of our confidence about next year and sort of why we believe that and then I'll add on at the end.
TimGokey: Yes, Darrin, just I think the other piece that sometimes people think about is when we've seen this very large growth, is that does that tend to fluctuate? Does it go up and does it -- and then what happens when the market sort of goes to a different place and if you can really trace back to sort of previous times of high growth. We have -- what we haven't seen is big fall back after that. What we've seen is positions sort of consolidating at the new level, and then beginning to grow again at more modest pace. And that's if you look back to all the market cycles really over the past 20 years even almost 30 years. That's the pattern that we've seen.
TimGokey: Yes. Glad you asked. We are definitely seeing higher growth rates in the online brokers. However, we are seeing very strong growth across all segments of brokerage firms and the traditional firms are also seeing double digit growth. And given their exercise, the absolute amount of positions is -- how we --actually bigger in that channel, while the percentage might be bigger, and some of the online ones. So it is really -- it is the one of the things also that we think is very interesting. We did a really landmark study of investing patterns and investors based looking at across $7 trillion of assets that we concluded last year, and it really did show how the millennial are here and their proportion of positions and a growth is really an interesting, but nevertheless, we are seeing really strong growth across all segments of brokerage firms.
TimGokey: Absolutely. So first of all, I say just we viewed this acquisition as a positive because it really validates the importance of retail shareholder engagement. Robinhood has been a big leader in that area and their investment are, I think, will be a wake up to two other firms. I'll come back to that in a second. So just to be very clear, Robinhood is a Broadridge client, but it's not a proxy client currently so we really don't see any impact on our -- direct impact on our business. But what we do see there, Chris is we've been really leading an innovation in proxy communications, creating APIs, I talked about that product rollout and the acceleration of roadmap, creating opportunities for our clients to leverage that event as an opportunity to really engage their retail clients, and for corporations to engage their retail clients. And so we think this is going to create sort of heightened interest and a wide range of communications and engagement topics, all of which we really welcome. I think the thing that we bring is we have this unique role, the center of network linking 10s of millions of investors, corporate issuers, or broker dealers. And that network can be really powerful to help corporations engage their retail shareholders.
TimGokey: Sure, thank you, Patrick. And just as a step back, it is the wealth management industry, and the trends that we're seeing there is just continued to undergo significant change with everything's going on asset management and fee compression, and then how that plays into wealth management. And so wealth managers are continuing to evolve their strategies and their technologies to compete. And so this digital transformation that we're working on is one of the most exciting initiatives. And the UBS partnership is part of that is part of their transformation, and our mandate with them has grown since our initial agreement. So we are live with components we're working to with them in terms of how we optimize that to align with the pace of their broader digital transformation. In terms of how that affects our ability to bring out others, I think we're excited to announce RBC and I think that really validates the needs that others people -- others see for a similar digital transformation, we have a lot of ongoing discussion with other clients. And the guidance that we've provided fully incorporates all of that doesn't have any revenues from UBS in this next fiscal year. But we're still continuing to grow and UBS knows, we'll call on top of that
TimGokey: Yes, and one thing on RBC that I think is important context, first of all, RBC just backing up is a very important client for us, is the client across our businesses, in US and Canada, in wealth management in capital markets so it's very broad and deep relationship and really pleased to be able to help them with the transformation, they are engaged in their US wealth management business. We expect that to go live over the next 18 to 36 months. And since it's already back office client, the scope of incremental services and scope of incremental investment is more limited than UBS but it's very exciting for us. And Patrick, it's particularly interesting, because their business is a unique, they have a high net worth business with what they've done with Citi National, they have sort of traditional regional broker dealer, and then their correspondent as well. And so it really hits on a lot of different segments of the industry that make it pretty interesting.
TimGokey: I just want -- I was going to add on that almost that last point, which is just we really do think about our margin delivery on an overall basis. And it really can be affected, particularly in any quarter but even in the year across businesses by where investments fall in that year. And but both these businesses have very attractive margin characteristics and margin profiles, but also underlying characteristics as they grow. It creates additional margin. And that is something that really does allow us to continually reinvest in the business, to provide more value to our clients to provide great careers for our associates and long-term growth for our shareholders.
