Richard J. Daly: Sure. So, there have been, Dave, a number of dialogues that have taken place. We've participated, I believe, in every one of these dialogues, and have looked at how the industry can mutualize (36:13) cost as we go forward. And Dave, I've been in the industry now for a very, very long time. So, I remember in the mid-1980s, Sandy Weill and George Ball announcing putting things together. And the dialogue's the easy part. Actually getting the rubber to meet the road and find the way to create a multi-entity platform, cost effectively, has always been the challenge. The reason we are participating in all of these dialogues is, because we are really the only true multi-entity platform with the scale and capabilities to drive these type of activities. So, here's what we are looking to do, and I use that term network value for the first time specifically to call this out. So, Dave, I love the question. If you think about us having 19 of the 23 primary dealers, you think about the fixed income markets overall, all right, you think about that being about $6 trillion a day in clearance requirement. We're looking to start there first for our customers. And we've been proposing this out to the market overall. And as the world goes to T+2, we have envisioned to take our clients at the T+2 to T+1 pretty quickly and even to T by netting transactions. If you think of the capital cost benefits of that, it's very, very meaningful. If you think of the taking risk out of the process benefits of that, it's very meaningful. So, in our dialogues, whether it be Scalpel or other activity to the market, Dave, we're constantly out there saying, let's get from this big theory with a pragmatic view of what we can tangibly get done in the near term. Because when you talk about a project of this nature, you're talking about huge investment, okay, which gets a little tiresome unless you deliver results pretty quickly. So, what I love about where we're positioned here, Dave, is for our clients, we are consistently presenting to them a tangible plan based on real assets today. So, in the last quarter, when we announced that significant global bank, okay, arguably the largest global bank, who previously committed to put their worldwide fixed income onto our platform, and then last quarter committed to put their equity platform on us, all right, you're hearing that we're getting very real players, and our ability to do what I just described is the key driver behind that. So, we will continue to talk, and I think, continue to be in every dialogue, because we have the most tangible assets in the process today.
Richard J. Daly: So, Dave, look, IPOs and having more companies out there is an important long-term trend. If you look at our ability to grow positions versus the number of public companies out there, we've actually managed to offset position growth by more investors coming in versus the number of companies coming down. My favorite thing is when people spin companies out, because that generally immediately creates two shareholders for every one shareholder that the company previously had. IPOs have been terrific, but what we've seen in this last quarter, whether it be mutual fund position growth or equity position growth, has been more individual investor money coming into the markets. So, this is something that over the long term, we've always seen grow. If you're going to be saving for retirement, even with rates slightly higher, it's going to be pretty difficult to retire, unless you're putting an awful lot of money into fixed income or pretty difficult to plan for your kids' education, et cetera, unless you're getting better returns than what fixed income still offers.
Richard J. Daly: Sure. So, over here (41:45) getting ready for the call, we were talking about multiple paths, the products we've added. I said, I wonder how tired they're getting of hearing me say this. That's when I decided to end the line with just saying, we've been talking about this over, and over, and over again. So, if you exceed customer expectations – and remember, all of our associates are tied to customer satisfaction, over 50% of our associates, the only way they can earn their bonus is if customer satisfaction goes up. So, we have, and we have the data to support it, highly-satisfied customers. And we continue to grow that satisfaction. If we can offer more offerings to those highly-satisfied customers, particularly with an industry that's so focused on getting cost out and neutralizing cost, it puts us in a pretty strong position. So, we try to highlight in this call, and not only, is it record sales, not only we had a great position year-to-date, but it's not even this time from this quarter driven by a single large big deal but it was literally hundreds of deals. So, as we look forward, as you just heard me answer to Dave a minute ago about the opportunity to neutralize cost, right, the NACC transaction has given us near-term benefit, I'll call it cost synergy, mid-term benefit, which played directly into this, because of our ability to have cloud-based digital solutions combined with the most efficient ability to deliver today's needs, our sales pipeline grew with the NACC transaction pretty meaningfully because of that midterm benefit. Of course, what the clients would consider coming with us are looking for is for us to enable them to more successfully get to that longer-term benefit of digitizing these communications. But if you look at all of the products we've added, momentum growing in those products, whether it be tax, data and with GTO segment, the transactions we did this year in GTO, we have more products than ever, and we have a stronger pipeline than ever. And so, we're running this for the long term. That's what you should always hear. We're investing in us, so the more product we have, the more likely we'll be able to maintain this momentum, even if the markets aren't quite as strong as we'd like them to be. And, obviously, if something material happens, we're going to be affected like everybody else, but we're better positioned than we've ever been in our history because of the product we have. And that product turns into the largest pipeline we've ever had.
Richard J. Daly: Pat, so, let me start. So, at Broadridge, every year, we expect as part of our associate's commitment and engagement, we expect everybody to be relevant. And part of being relevant is using technology to be more efficient as we go forward. So, that's kind of like table stakes. For like every business, every now and then, you need to take that step back and look and see other ways we can better align with customers, other ways you can potentially flatten the organization to make the distance between me and the customer have less tiers in it. So, I wouldn't call it anything extraordinary, right, but I'd certainly say that there's a little bit more intensity or focus this time around than in the average year.
Richard J. Daly: Sure. So, let met first comment on, again, our acquisition strategy is something that we feel we built that muscle over time. So, first, there has to be a strategic fit, and as you pointed out, one can argue at what you just mentioned, probably would have a pretty good strategic fit. Then, there has to be a view that we would be a better owner of the asset, which I'm not going to comment on one way or the other. And then we have to have a view that we're also going to be able to set a return bar that has it make sense on an overall basis. So, every deal has to meet that criteria. And there have been – and I'm not going to comment again on whether this deal was in there or not, I'm just going to simply say that there are literally, probably 10x the number of deals we consider versus, actually, will end up doing. So, there will likely be more deals out there that one could look at and say, why didn't we do it. And there's lots of criteria as to why we do with those deals. In terms of wealth, we have very, very strong processing capabilities. What we're doing in tax certainly enhances our wealth capabilities. Tax is one of the pain points for wealth advisors out there. Personally, when customers or investors are making money, they hate paying taxes, all right. And, we believe, almost like proxy season, tax season is something that shouldn't be as painful as it is today. And with the right technology and the right process tax season shouldn't be a surprise. So, we took proxy season from being an annual fiasco to one of the more recurring activities that can happen in financial services. So, we like what we're doing there. We also like what we're doing in managing our data, all right, and looking at data to give people better insight into the performance of wealth advisors and better insight into targeting potential clients. Again, all of this is with the consent of our clients who get the benefit on the data we have, okay. So, it's their data. We now generically mine that data, but we only do it with their consent, and they also participate in the benefit of that activity. If you take all of that and you look at our strong processing capabilities, and then you look at the clients, who are on our institutional platform, and now could be on our wealth platform, it makes a pretty compelling offering, particularly, as firms continue to try to neutralize cost. Now, these are not quick sells, by any stretch of the imagination, but I like where we're positioned, because we're also viewed out there as the entity that is the most committed to the industry and continues to invest in this business. And we're investing our shareholders' money, again, for that long-term ability to continue to grow shareholder value.
Richard J. Daly: Okay. So, again, if you go back to the press release we had out in Vegas for Money 20/20, we laid out our strategy there, where Broadridge is uniquely positioned to enable our clients to move data into, as we go forward, any one of the key clouds, all right. And so, we're pretty pleased with the fact that the investments we've made over the last couple of years, all right, without any revenue offset, are really starting to come into play, where we can connect our clients. We believe that's a key driver in terms of taking the assets of NACC, the scale capabilities we have, and positioning us to do lift-outs, and that's a midterm benefit. So, we're in the early stages of that midterm benefit by having the dialogues out there. Now, one of the things that we really are looking to do and want to enable, all right, is to drive real transactions into the cloud, okay, as we continue to go forward. So, I'm not willing to put a date out there yet, or better said, Jim's not willing to let me put a date out there yet. But it's almost daily dialogues, as in every day, not Rich Daly. I guess, you could call it both dialogues, daily and daily dialogues, all right, where we're looking with Doug DeSchutter, who's leading these digital outfits, okay, and is now going to be responsible going forward for the NACC or our BRCC communications business to generate real transactions. We should look to start with proxy. So, not only will we be able to do e-proxy, but we're looking to have proxy transactions and then some statement transactions going directly to the cloud. If you look at that BRCC press release for Money20/20, that pretty much lays out the strategy for you.
Richard J. Daly: Well, we've never been better positioned year-to-date than we are right now. So, my cardiologist and I are extremely grateful. I mean, as you know, there were times when we ended the third quarter in a relatively weak position versus the target, and then had a pretty significant rally in the fourth quarter to get there. So, we would always rally to get the sales done sooner rather than later. So, we feel good about what we are. That's why we positioned it to say, we should comment in the upper half of the forecast for the year. And my position on sale is sooner is always better than later. And we're going to look forward to the fourth quarter call and see where it comes out.
