Richard McVey: Thank you, Tony. We are pleased with the full year results we were able to achieve in 2016. It is clearly the adoption rates for electronic trading in global credit markets are accelerated. Our success in Open Trading is adding valuable new liquidity solutions to our dealer and investor clients. Our global client footprint continues to grow, supporting both geographic and product expansion. Regulatory changes are likely to continue to support growth in open electronic markets. And let me close with a word of thanks to all of our employees. Your innovative spirit and dedication delivered outstanding results again in 2016. Now, I would be happy to open the line for your questions.
Richard McVey: Our belief is that it would be a net positive for market liquidity, if there was some relaxation, the implementation of Volcker Rule, where it really has an impact in credit, currently in less liquid bonds, where if it's difficult to prove the ability to turn those bonds back over in an expeditious manner, it's difficult to comply with the current Volcker Rule. So, we think we would open up more market making and less liquid areas of credit. And would allow bank owned dealers if they choose to use their capital more for proprietary trading, and the net resulted that we believe would be a positive for market liquidity.
Richard McVey: What we see so far is the percentage of Open Trading is highest in the least liquid product areas. And I think it's where the expansions of liquidity pull and utilizing the network, or broadly has the biggest impact for clients. So, it's quite possible that it is connected as well to the constraints that dealers have not, just on their balance sheets but also because of Volcker. And we do see that the Open Trading match rates are greater in high-yield. It's also where we see the most significant activity from the ETF community, which is a growing base of capital that's coming to work in market making and the credit markets.
Richard McVey: We’re always working on any enhancements or changes in the fee model that would provide the proper incentives for dealers and investors who use the platform more. And the reality is that we think we've been in a pretty reasonable spot across most products. Eurobond volume growth has been greater than what we have observed in other product areas over the last 18 months or so. So, the short answer is we don’t have any changes in mind to share with you this quarter. But we have seen great results with the scalability of morals that have the concept where liquidity taker pays, and that is what we've embedded into Open Trading. And we believe that longer-term that will be the model of choice around fixed income electronic trading.
Richard McVey: Sure. I don’t think our current approach is any different than what you would see from other financial institutions that are primarily located in London today. We are working, both with our internal team as well as our external advisors to consider a variety of different factors around locations that will continue to be within the EU, post Brexit, to look at the regulatory environment across the labor laws, et cetera, to make a determination of where we think we might be best suited, assuming that we need to establish a separate regulatory entity outside the UK. So, that work is now relatively advanced. On a relative basis, I don’t -- the incremental cost is not high for us. We would envision that the majority of our employees would remain in the UK. So it’s likely that an office within the EU would be smaller, and we would seek registration within that regulated entity. But the relatively – the incremental cost would be relatively low.
Richard McVey: I really don’t -- I think that more freedom for dealers to make markets where they choose, subject to their constraint, is a good thing. And more market liquidity that improves credit market turnover would be a net positive for us and others in the business. So, we don’t see that as an impediment to the growth rates that we’ve been seeing overall or through Open Trading. I do think that one of the offsets to this is that there is clearly more regulatory focus on best execution, and that is explicit in the MiFID II rule set. And so investors are very quickly moving to embraced transaction cost analysis for fixed income as part of the regulatory environment, it's most pronounced in Europe, but we’re seeing that trend accelerate in the U.S. as well with a significant amount of demand for both transaction data, as well as PCA. So, that is one the factors that I think is continuing to accelerate the adoption rates for investors into electronic trading venues.
Richard McVey: January is a classic example where we are in a very heavy period of new issuance, and in fact reasonable chances that it could end up being the best month for hybrid new issuance ever. And we’re in a risk on environment. So in that kind of combination investor focus does shifted to new issue calendar, and there are plenty of swaps and trades being done to make room for the new issues. And just typical pattern that we see is short-term weakness in the share around those heavy periods of new issuance, but it typically response fairly quickly. And our view is that a larger corporate bond market is a very good thing for our future growth. So we have clearly benefited, over the last five years, as the corporate debt markets has gotten to be about 80% larger over that time period. So long-term, we think that more debt issuance is a positive for the size of the opportunity. This is one of many factors that we think will be debated extensively throughout this year. And what we’re hearing from our advisors is that their expectation is that it's more likely the corporate tax changes are going to hit in ’18 versus ‘17. So, we really don’t know where it comes out. But the deductibility of the corporate interest payments is one of five or six factors that would impact issuance. And you see other important factors, like the level of M&A, economic growth, the opportunities for CapEx and increased investments, all having an impact on what we will see from corporate debt issuance. When you put that all together, when we look at the Street research currently, the expectation is that 2017 issuance will remain at levels that are close to or around 2016. And certainly, January is even faster than what we saw a year-ago; so not a big impact we think this year, and we’ll run more about it as the proposals become more clear throughout 2017.
Richard McVey: Yes, so I think that’s fair to say. The depth of that market is growing in every client segment. Investor adoption for Open Trading is growing each quarter. We enhanced our technology solutions to make it easier for both dealers and investors to identify potential trade matches through Open Trading. We’re seeing new capital come into the market with additional dealers that are focused on electronic markets, market making. I mentioned earlier that the ETF community continues to grow, and this is a highly valuable tool for to create the gain process, and the relative value trading that goes on between ETF shares and bonds. And then what other efficiency gain from Open Trading is we are clearly making cross-regional business more efficient than it has been in the past. So, each quarter, we see greater participation in all of those areas. And we’re also seeing dealers using this system increasingly, not just as liquidity providers but as liquidity takers. So, it's actually an asset in balance sheet velocity for dealers, there’s another tool and another distribution channel for them to move bonds along more quickly.
Richard McVey: There are so many different factors and variables that impacts credit secondary volumes. It's hard to be overly scientific about predicting where they might go. What we’ve said in the past about the long-term outlook is that turnover of credit has been steadily declining over the last five years. And we think that the combination of the new bank capital requirements and the low volatility environment we’ve been in have contributed to a decline in overall turnover rates. So, the optimistic view would be, look, we may be entering a different period for the interest rate environment, which could positively impact volatility. There are expectations that economic growth could improve relative to where we’ve been over the last three or four years. Volatility would be a positive for market turnover, and is something that bank regulations are relaxed, where it’s easier for them to go back to work on what they do well in market making, I think that would be a net positive as well. What we’ve heard from investors is that their active portfolios have not been turning over at normal long-term averages it's directly related to low volatility. So, we are carefully watching, because we think volatility would be good. And relaxation of bank regulations around market making would be a positive. And then clearly, what we and others are doing to really promote all-to-all trading and create a more open market, historically, it's been very good for turnover. So, we are connecting market participants that were not able to trade directly with each other in the old model, and we are reducing transaction cost. And those two things have historically improved market turnover. So, we are not expecting a wildly different environment for TRACE volumes this year. But longer-term, we are more optimistic that the growth rates could be higher than what we've seen over the last three of four years.
Richard McVey: I think it’s true within other categories, Rich. The growth rates in Euros and EM in Q4 were higher overall than they were for yield. And I think that it was just a lower volatility environment too much of the quarter in Q4 that negatively impacted the high-yield volume growth rate. So, I think that’s what you’re seeing in the shift.
Richard McVey: So, Rich on the variable bonus, we’re pretty transparent on how that accrual builds up and how the formula works. If you read our proxy statement, you’ll see that in all of that glorious detail the formula is spelled out. In this case -- and this typically happens. We will accrue throughout the year based on the formula. And then year-end growth around and we do lots of other things at year end. We’re looking at pure benchmarking. We’re looking at mix of compensation between variable bonus and equity. And we make that refinement or adjustments at year-end. Albeit, this year-end, it’s a little more notable. And so, there was an adjustment pushed through in the fourth quarter. We think it’s the right mix from a compensation standpoint, but there was an adjustment push through in the fourth quarter, a little more equity, a little less into the cash bonus accrual.
Richard McVey: I would expect more of the same. You’ve stronger economic growth and lower unemployment in the U.S., which is causing the Fed to begin increasing rates here, which is likely to increase the yield differential between the EU and the U.S., and you have a very strong dollar. So, my expectation would be that we will continue to see healthy inflows from Europe and Asia in the U.S. credit products.
Richard McVey: What we are hearing from both dealer and investor clients, Hugh is that the MiFID II obligations around trade reporting are so comprehensive that there will be rolling appetite to conduct those trades electronically. And I think we’ll run into the same differentiation between block-trades and flow trades where you have fewer block-trades, and clients will have different views about the best way to execute them. But for any flow trade or well impact trade, our understanding in talking with many investors and dealers is that it's going to be far easier and more cost effective in Europe to conduct those trades electronically, and comply with all the new trade reporting rules that they both have. So, we would expect, and we’ve already seen that, to an extent that the electronic share of the Eurobond market has been increasing. We would expect that to continue into the implementation of MiFID II next January.
Richard McVey: Yes, both higher. Listen where we are today in our core market is very different than where we were five years or 10 years ago. What we’ve learned is that any new market takes time. And while we’re working with many of the same clients and the dealers, we’re working with the different set of traders. I will tell you that the numbers in munis in particular months-in months-out, quarter-in quarter-out are getting better. And we continue to invest very heavily in enhancements for the municipal bond market. The same could be said of leverage loans. And we had approximately 160 investors active on our muni platform in Q4, about 50 viewers. So in that market, we moved from on-boarding to training, and we’re starting to see each week the activity levels grow. And we continue to believe that our technology solutions are very good fit for the municipal bond market. So, we remain optimistic and we will continue to invest throughout 2017, and beyond. Leverage loans is in earlier stage, we are on-boarding more clients and dealers, its earlier stages. We're doing trades and we're optimistic there. It's really hard to predict exactly what the growth rates will be. But as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we are confident that we have the right solutions for both of those markets.
Richard McVey: Thank you for joining us this morning. All the best for 2017 and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Antonio DeLise: I’d say one thing on the range of the absolute range, arguably, in the past we’ve probably provided two types of guidance range. But when you think about top to bottom if you take the midpoint, we’re talking about a 4% swing from top to bottom. And those big swing factors or those big variables there, it's typical of what you’ve seen in the past. And we had headcount, which there is an expectation that we will grow headcount in 2017 at a similar pace of what you’ve seen in the past two years. The timing of when that headcount additions come-in and attrition is a little uncertain, so that could be a swing factor. We have the variable bonus accrual that’s tied to operating performance. We generally build the accrual over course of the year as a percentage of pre-tax pre-bonus income that could swing from top to bottom. And honestly foreign exchange, which you did see that in 2016, that foreign exchange movement could impact the expense results, and we had something like $40 million to $45 million sterling of expenses. So, it has a change in the sterling to dollar exchange rate of any amount, it could swing from top to bottom.
Antonio DeLise: Cantor, on the corporate tax rate side, there is obviously still a lot of uncertainty around there, even President Trump’s proposal and the House Republican blueprint are not completely aligned. Even though over the course of the campaign, president Trump’s proposal did more closely align with House Republican side. Even when I try to model out the impact on 2016, we have to make some assumptions around what happens to research related deduction and research credits. There is uncertainty around what happens on the repatriation side, the two plans are different, that are different on not only how they treat cumulated earnings but then how they treat earnings on a perspective basis. So there is still little bit of uncertainty there. I’d tell you that looking at some of the thesis that some of the sell-side analysts put out, I think we’re generally in line with the impact on MarketAxess. For us 2016, roughly 85% of our earnings were domestic, 15% were foreign. We do expect some shift in that mix going forward, favoring foreign side. And rates today are obviously much lower outside of the U.S., so like many companies, we would benefit from that rate reduction.
Antonio DeLise: Chris, on the block-trading, I'd say on market share, generally speaking. In the fourth quarter, we had gains year-over-year across all size buckets. There were gains in the block-trading side bucket as well. When we measure it, we look at TRACE information we measure our market share, sometimes its right around 8% of volume. And it's up year-over-year. But again, we’re reporting gains across all size buckets. It's probably more evident again or more evident in our suite-spot right now where we are picking up share in the block trade, as well. And honestly, when you listen to what Rick is talking about in terms of protocols and Open Trading, lot of the effort here is around evolving protocols to address larger trade sizes to get more involved in trading in block-trade. So we do spend a lot of effort and time with thinking about protocols focused on the block trade areas.
Antonio DeLise: Yes, for Eurobonds, it wasn’t effect to the full quarter in. At this time, virtually all of the 40-plus dealers have transitioned on to a new fee plan. And I did mentioned in the prepared remarks that that fee capture, the fee capture, now we’re four months into it. The fee capture now looks closer to high-grade. Honestly, it's a little difficult to predict, because it is a maturity base, there is the maturity base features in there does vary by the types of European bonds. So there is some variability in there. But right now, it's looking like, the fee capture is looking like what you see from the high-grades standpoint.
Antonio DeLise: Rich, unless the pie-charts are -- tell the whole story. I’m looking at something, which you don’t have in front of you. But from a percentage standpoint, high-yield percentage of volume represented by Open Trading did increased quarter-to-quarter. And I’ll give you rough number that went from 31% in the third quarter to 34% in the fourth quarter. So, it did pick-up. I have to look at market volumes, and high yield may have been down third to fourth quarter, I don’t have that in front of me right now, but that could be causing some of the variation.
Antonio DeLise: Rich, I can honestly tell you that we’re not managing to the margin number, or really that incremental margin in terms of the investments that we're making. We arguably look over the past three years, probably during the most significant investments period in our corporate life, maybe outside of starting up that's the firm. So we've been investing to expand the geographic reach in launching new products and increasing the addressable market, and investing in Open Trading. And we still increased the margins. You look over the past three years it's gone from 45% to 52%. So we’re not managing to that in margin outcome, but you can see when we've invested heavily, it has influenced the top line outcome. And where with the guidance we provided and we've got another -- planned another year of investment in 2017, and we think for all the right reasons. And you can see that impact coming through in the top line and also in the margin expansion.
Antonio DeLise: It probably will not fall to zero in the first quarter. But it may go down slightly, and so we’re talking about $300,000, there was still one or two dealers transitioning. And part of these plans and not to complicate, but part of these plans, there are monthly minimum commitments built into all those plans. And you’ll recall, even for U.S. high-grade where we have the similar concept. If a dealer doesn’t meet their monthly minimum commitments, we take that unused monthly minimum and we put it into distribution fee line. So you’re probably still going to see some residual coming out of Europe on the distribution fee line, to the extent we may have some dealers that aren’t meeting their monthly minimum commitments.
Antonio DeLise: And Hugh I would just add that on the market volume standpoint, even with the ECB actions in the corporate bond spaces that started up back in the May-June timeframe. We haven’t seen any appreciable impact in overall market volumes for Eurobonds. We’ll have to see what happened with this continued ECB program, at least the more recent information in there kind of continue with the buying, and that rest is down a little bit in April. But we’re going to continue throughout the year.
