Richard McVey: Thank you, Tony. Our second quarter results reflect accelerating adoption rates for e-trading and credit products, combined with strong market volumes. This momentum continues in Europe, and we believe, we are on the right track for more meaningful earnings contribution from the region. Open Trading and leading the charge were alternative sources of liquidity in credit markets through all trading. Operating leverage is readily apparent in our business model, as top line revenue growth drives attractive earnings momentum. Now, I would be happy to open the line for your questions.
Richard McVey: Sure, happy to take that, Chris. I think it’s a combination of factors. First, as you pointed out, high-yield is a less liquid product area, and arguably an area where Open Trading can add even more value. And you see that coming through in the transaction cost savings numbers that I mentioned in the prepared remarks today, which are quite meaningful to our clients. And, in fact, there are many open trades that we complete, where the initial increase does not recede any dealer responses. So what we’re seeing is the less liquids, the product area happens to be the more value client see in Open Trading. And we think there’s no doubt, that’s part of what’s driving the high-yield market share increases. As we’ve also said in prior calls and as you point out, growth in ETF is aligned with our business model, because the vast majority of ETF market participants transact most of their volume electronically. So, as we continue to see the shift toward ETF assets under management, it does improve the market share results in high-yield and other products. So that undoubtedly is another contributing factor to the strong gains in high-yield market share. And finally, I think the third factor is just growing participation. We talk extensively about the cross-selling efforts that we have in a company to make sure that, clients would have historically seen good results and benefits from high-grade trading, are doing the same in EM and high-yield and now in Eurobond. So the third factor is, we just have many more clients trading high-yield today than we did a year ago.
Richard McVey: Sure. Two to things things I would point out. First, we were the first trading platform to fully integrate TRACE data into our high-grade platform that date back to 02 when TRACE started. We’ve now obviously done that for a high-yield as well. So, all available TRACE prints are fully visible free trade to all dealers and clients on the platform. Secondly, we have worked very hard over the last 12 to 18 months to enhance the European system with Trax data. And this was one of the primary benefits in acquiring Trax a little over three years ago is being able to deliver price discovery tools to our dealer, investor clients directly on the trading platform. So all available regulatory trade reports are now integrated with the trade system in the U.S. through TRACE and in Europe through Trax. The final piece is, we’re aggregating all data sources that we have to just play a composite price across more and more credit securities that is also available free trade. So we had a growing base of data because of the growing market share on the trading platform, and we combine that with the TRACE and Trax data and quotes that are available on the system and we create a composite price that is designed to help investors and dealers to have a starting point from where the mid-market is likely to be in a host of credit securities.
Richard McVey: I’m happy to – it’s been a large area of investment for us over the last six to nine months to enhance our Open Trading protocols with solutions that are designed to limit information leakage for dealers and investors for block trades. And we are seeing growing usage of both client access and private access. Client access allows dealers or investors to post access to the community that they would like to on the platform. The good news in the second quarter, as we saw growing usage of client access from the dealer community as an efficient way to get there, trade access and indications out to their clients. We’re now increasingly using watch list electronic notifications on the system to identify potential trade matches. Private access that something we rolled out during the second quarter and it’s very early stages, but it allows investors or dealers to avail their order broader with the system in a completely private play, so that no ones see those – sees those orders, thus we can identify and match for them. So obviously the goal there is to fully eliminate information leakage while allowing clients and dealers to close their access to try to identify a natural match of the other side of the trade. So the benefit here is that we continue believe that we have the broadest menu of Open Trading protocol in the business and importantly the biggest network of clients. So we are around a 110 active investor and dealer clients on the platform and it is that rest of participation that creates the content that gives us a much better chance to identifying matches at any of our competitors. So I think it’s a combination of the – continuing investments that we’re making in thoughtful protocols with the direct feedback from our clients and dealers and the vast network of active clients that we have on the MarketAxess system.
Richard McVey: Yes, and Patrick, as you know, we think about the benefits of quality data in two ways. One is the discrete data revenue opportunity that Tony outlined. The other is just making our trading platform much more valuable for our clients. And just in the last three weeks or so, we have released a new market summary page with real-time data from our Trax reporting and matching business that is now that the homepage for our European trading platform. And it is drawing a lot of client and dealer interest because it’s the best real-time price discovery tool available for European fixed income and there we see the benefit there coming through in more clients trading on the platform and growing trading volumes. So I think there is two ways that we’re extracting value from the investment that we’re making data, one in discrete revenue and the other is that a meaningful contribution to the growth in our trading volumes.
Richard McVey: Yes, in early days, it’s the right point, Mike. We’re assessing the value that we deliver to clients in Open Trading. We’re assessing competitor levels, as new models have rolled out. We’re also assessing the different levels of participation that we see from clients and wanting to make sure that we have room to provide incentives for those clients that are most active providing new liquidity into the system in the marketplace. So, because this is all in such early days, we will continue to tweak pricing and try to end up in exactly the right spot, where we’ve got a long-term scalable revenue model. And the modest changes that we made recently are in line with that, that’s not material in terms of the total fee capture for Open Trading or the system, or just in early days of refining and tweaking the pricing models for Open Trading.
Richard McVey: I just add one thing, Mike. One thing that I’m really encouraged about is that, when we look at the early subscribers or our enhanced data products in Europe from Trax, they’re the largest most sophisticated players in the credit markets. So the fact that they’re seeing value and once the subscribers in those data products gives me great confidence that this will be a growing area for our data revenue in the quarters and years ahead.
Richard McVey: Mike, there’s some – in some cases we’re doing, and soft dollar might be the wrong word, but in some cases, we’re trading on the platform. We do provide access to data. What we’re reporting is the hard dollar revenues we’re reporting in our results. But quite frankly, we – it’s promoting more of a velocity on the platform. We can do that by providing data, that’s the path we’ll go down. It’s a more valuable. The trading revenue is a more valuable stream for us.
Richard McVey: To add, Mike, I just expand on that to say, look, our tremendous business growth is benefiting all of our constituents. We’re hiring a lot more people to support future growth in existing and new products. We’re expanding margins for our shareholders and we’re investing more actively than we ever had before for our clients. So, it’s really the results that are driving the – our ability to invest and provide more value to all three of those constituents. But remember, fortunately, the increase in the bonus accrual this year is, because we have a lot more people here. And for all the right reasons, we’re building more technology solutions than ever before, and we have more clients and more products to cover than ever before. So it’s – we’re very pleased that we’re able to invest as actively as we’re because of the tremendous results the business has been consistently achieving.
Richard McVey: Sure. ECB, as you know has been active over the last two or three months in their Corporate bond purchase program, as part of QE. And our estimates are consistent with what you’ve seen and other market reports. We think that it’s been averaging somewhere around 6% or 7% of Eurobond volume on average. So it’s an ongoing program. We said last quarter and I’ll repeat again that all levels equal, as it’s not positive for market turnover, because it’s our expectation that the ECB will buy and hold those bonds then it’s – they’re likely to be held until maturity. So whatever purchases they make are likely to be locked up on their balance sheet. Having said that it’s not currently an overly large part of the market. And we’re seeing a pretty significant transition in the way European investors think about e-trading. And we’re happy that, we’re out in front of this, and post-Brexit has been another example, where more significant European dealers are altering their business model, and not only carrying less inventory for market-making than they used to, but they have less people doing it. And as a result, the solutions that we’ve been delivering to European clients to give investors their choice of how broadly they want to send their order flow and complement the traditional deal liquidity with Open Trading solutions is really gaining momentum. And so, we’re excited about that transition, and we think that that factor is much more material than the ECB corporate bond purchase program that’s underway.
Richard McVey: Yes, the client feedback is good. But as Tony mentioned in his prepared remarks, we’re in very early days. And every one of these products and the story has been the same. It’s – signing up a client is just the beginning, then the technology integration needs to take place. The trader training needs to take place. The behavioral change starts with orders from investors and price responses from dealers. And we’re on track with where we expected we would be in munis. We’re very pleased that we’ve got approximately 250 investors on-boarded and very close to a 100 muni dealers, 160 firms have utilized the muni system already in the second quarter. So it’s on track and we remain highly confident that the menu of technology solutions that we have successfully delivered for taxable credit products have wide application in the muni space. So it’s a – the second-half is more about continuing to move forward with on-boarding more clients and dealers and getting more orders in the system. And we remain optimistic that we can provide real value to our clients in the municipal market. On leverage loans, we expect to have a pilot version of our leverage loan product available sometime in the third quarter. That is likely to accommodate single dealer loan orders initially. And we would expect to have a multi-dealer product out sometime in Q4. So, again, another example of the investments that we’re making to broaden this – the sphere of opportunity that we have available for our shareholders and the product coverage that we have for our clients.
Richard McVey: I think it’s entirely the latter. There is no feedback from clients that would suggest that we have any lack of solutions or protocols to accommodate Open Trading for any credit product in any trade size. It is a material change for investment managers, in my opinion, these are two key things that investors need to accomplish in order to participate actively in Open Trading. The first is the theme that exists between portfolio management and trading historically, where the orders are generated by portfolio managers and then, Hugh, driven orders are delivered to the trading desk, and those traders have the responsibility for achieving the best price on those orders. And as the world is changing, we see investors that are changing that trading process, so that they can be more opportunistic in responding to orders in bonds that look like the ones that portfolio manager would like to buy or sell, but may not be exactly the same bond in the same size. And the early adopters, you see that that communication and that trading process between portfolio managers and traders has become much more fluid. There’s more communication going on. In some cases you see, former traders becoming PMs or PM is becoming traders that there is more coordination between the portfolio management effort and trading at the firms that are now able to take advantage of the benefits of Open Trading. We see in our meetings that every firm is working on this, which is why we’re optimistic that a year from now. you’re going to see a much broader base of participants in Open Trading. The second factor is really around compliance and control, is that, many firms who have a very strict process around that order wider the trades that are conducted, the price delivery to their trade capture and compliance systems, making sure it complies with all the rules that they have in various discrete client portfolios. And there is technology work on their product to make sure that they adjust that trading process. It doesn’t break anything in their compliance and control functions. And that too is another area, where we see significant work going on with the buy-side. But it obviously does represent a change in their trading procedures.
Richard McVey: We don’t see much of a change. I think as we mentioned in prior calls, we see a couple of things. We see messaging services available on the institutional market that are designed to help people try to find each other with then generally manual means of execution and post trade. And then as you know, there are three or four retail platforms that are active in munis. They generally have live levels available for trading, but in much smaller trade sizes and generally wider bid offer. So those are the two things that we see in a competitive landscape in minus, but we have not seen any real change in that picture. So we announced the – our plans to move into the muni market, say, three months ago.
Antonio DeLise: On the market share gains whether you’re looking by year-over-year, where we take that market share in high-grade year-over-year or you look at it sequentially, regardless of how you look at it. We are taking up market share across all size buckets. And quite honestly, where it was more noticeable sequentially was in TRACE size is $1 million no trades and block trades. That’s where it was more noticeable, but we were – we are taking up market share across all categories. And we had that ability with high-grade a little bit to a lesser extent with high-yield to get more granular. But it is across all trade sizes.
Antonio DeLise: Patrick, it’s a good question. And just taking a step back of information in post-trade, it’s just a refresh of these memory, about two-thirds of that revenue is data related. So both U.S. and UK data products and about third of that line item is post-trade transaction reporting and matching, which is really tied to fixed income and equity market volume. Where we saw the growth is in the data side and a lot of that was Trax driven, something out of Europe. The new contract volume in the first-half of the year was greater than all of 2015. So we do see some traction there. We’ve had some Trax volume, pricing, composite pricing, access to all, reference data, those were all contributing to the uplift. So that data revenue, I will caution that it is the combination of subscription revenue, and also it’s one-time revenue. So there are historical dataset that we sell that will drive one-time revenue and that – because of that, it’s a little bit difficult to predict quarter-to-quarter where that revenues going. But I will tell you, we feel – we do feel better today and we’re more optimistic about – of that that line item, about our data business, about our post-trade business. So we do think that that we are in a better position than we’ve been in before and you’re seeing it coming through with what we just posted in second quarter.
Antonio DeLise: It’s really hard to determine Kyle, because we don’t really see discrete trading data from most of our competitors because we are private companies and they don’t provide volume and financial data in the same way that we do. Anecdotally, we think it’s probably from taking share from clients. Having said that, we’re so optimistic that there is plenty of room for the Eurobond and European fixed income e-share to grow. And I think the place where we think the e-share is probably most obviously growing in Europe is through emerging markets, where client adoption in both foreign currency external that as well as local market is growing. And as I mentioned earlier that’s been a big contributor for us in the growth that we see in our European business.
Antonio DeLise: We did up tick the expense guidance here. And you can see where the variances were in the first-half of the year in comp and benefits, and professional and consulting and then the third-party clearing costs. And when you look at that midpoint now of the new guidance range, it’s up around $8 million from our midpoint of our prior guidance range, those big deltas in there. A lot of it is comp and benefits. No true up in the second quarter, a lot of it is comps and benefits related. We’re hiring at a faster clip. The attrition rate that we’ve experienced – has been lower than what we had originally budgeted. The incentive accrual is running higher than where we were last year and higher than what we budgeted that’s all in the back of the improved revenue performance. Professional and consulting side, that’s where there is that – there is a bit of a delta and we do expect that continue in the second-half of the year. We got a number of infrastructure projects underway to support our growth, and things like new accounting system, new HR system, new middle and back office system, new CRM system. So we’re in the middle of – a number of implementations right now. Yes, I tell you one thing, I had in the prepared remarks that I do even with the range we provided. There is some variability in there, because we just can’t predict where – in particular where the FX’s rates going to go. We can’t predict firmly where the variable incentive compensations going to come out and while we definitely have hiring plan, which is start to predict exactly when those bodies will come onboard, so it remains some sensitivity in there.
Antonio DeLise: Yes, so Kyle, you’re right. We – right now we do clear through a third-party clearing broker and right now – and we’re pretty transparent on costs and we’re pretty transparent on the Open Trading revenues. Right now, you see third-party clearing cost were running around 20% or 21% of our Open Trading revenues. We are looking at different clearing alternatives and ways are being more efficient and I tell you longer-term, we don’t believe that the cost was scaled the way they have or the way they – what you see in the results. We do believe that we can drive down the per-ticket fee and we can drive down those clearing cost as a percentage of both trading revenue. It’s an ongoing process. We’re looking at clearing arrangements. We’re looking at things like tough clearing, which maybe longer – the longer path. But we do believe that, while it may take sometime to realize some of these benefits, we do think to run a path longer term to driving down those expenses.
Antonio DeLise: Mike, some of them was in Q2. And I would say that, the majority of what you’re seeing in terms of revenue growth would be more subscription-related or sustainable, but there was a portion of that Q2 revenue growth, which will be one-time. Having said that, every quarter we have some element of that going. But the majority of the increase should be able – more of a sustainable nature.
Antonio DeLise: Mike, I could, but I’m not going to. But let’s – I’ll study about it. We’re – in this case, we’re beyond transparent. I’ll let you do a little bit of where you can pull open our proxy statement. We do spell out exactly how the expense is going to accrual. It’s a very simple – some very simple math behind it. It’s a percentage of pre-tax pre-bonus income find its way into the intensive bonus accrual. And it’s – there’s no magic or mystery to how that accrual builds throughout the year.
