Richard McVey: Thank you, Tony. We are seeing broad-based trading momentum across many product areas including U.S. high-grade, emerging markets, high-yield and CDS. We believe that we are on the right target with our open trading initiatives to develop alternative sources of liquidity for dealers and investors. We are enthusiastic about the pending acquisition of Xtrakter and the additional product capabilities it will bring to our European dealer and investor clients. We see growing momentum in our business and a larger opportunity set ahead. Now I will be happy to open the line for your questions. 
Richard McVey: Sure, Patrick. We are happy to obviously, we value the deal based on the Xtrakter core business as it exists today. So when you look the details around the MiFID II regulatory changes, and the industry move toward T+2 settlement, we do believe that there are 2 potential areas of synergies in bringing our capabilities and clients together with Xtrakter. The first is with their market leading position and regulatory transaction reporting today. They do have a broad base of transaction data that we believe will become an important part of the infrastructure as the European markets move to approve publication arrangements and eventually a consolidated trade tape. So we do think that this is an important part of the business expansion for Xtrakter, and obviously with all the work we’ve done in the MarketAxess bond ticker and the TRACE reporting in the U.S., we think it did perfectly with our value proposition for the overall electronic trading business. The second part of it is really around the trade matching services, and as dealers and investors are forced to comply with shorter settlement periods, real-time trade matching will become more important to make sure they can meet those obligations to settle trades on a shorter time cycle. So we do think in that area too given the position that Xtrakter now has with regulatory transaction reporting, there is an opportunity for us to expand those trade matching services and in some scenarios include more investor clients in the trade matching business. 
Richard McVey: Yes, I think as we’ve said many times Patrick, if we can find businesses that fit as well as Xtrakter does with our strategic vision and our service to our clients, we will continue to be very interested. As you know, we have been disciplined, we haven’t seen that many deals that can compete with our organic growth opportunities over the last 4 or 5 years. And right now this was a transaction that fit us perfectly and if we see more of these along the way, we would be happy to take a very close look. 
Richard McVey: Sure, sure. Niamh, you’re right. We still have even after the Xtrakter acquisition, we’ll still have a lot of cash and even looking at it right now, if we payout $44 million or so for Xtrakter and even after paying out the year-end bonuses, it’s pretty reasonable to expect that we have something north of $150 million in cash. And even at that time, still a strong balance sheet, unlevered, lots of debt capacity, still generating lots of free cash flow. We still think that we can maintain the capital management policy and still act accordingly along with dividends and share repurchases. We still have that flexibility. When it comes to things like special dividends, I will tell you right now it’s probably a little less likely having done the Xtrakter acquisition, but we will continue to access whether we want to do something around a special dividend or expand the stock repurchase plan. And there is still a lot of uncertainly around what’s happening with the expiring tax rules, so we’ll continue to take a look at it with the board in the fourth quarter. But we do still have the capacity, I think you’re right, so your observation on and the question before from Patrick also around acquisitions and are there others out there. I think we do want to maintain a strong balance sheet, strong cash position for those opportunities that could come along. 
Richard McVey: Yes, happy to do so. I think we are seeing a broader base of clients active in the EM products and high yield products. It tends to be the people that have been active with us in the high grade product that are increasing utilizing the trading capabilities and the transaction services for EM and high-yield. And the industry volumes have been kind of flat. Clearly the EM and high yield traffic is partly driven by the search for yield, but we are very pleased that we are starting to see a significant pickup in market share that’s traded electronically and more comfort from investors and dealers in doing so across the MarketAxess platform. With respect to local markets, we are on track with our plans for the year, we are signing up more Latin American clients that can be active not only in the Latin American local markets, but also on our U.S. and European platforms. We are increasing the number of dealers that are available for market making in the local markets. Not a huge part of what we’re doing in the EM business overall today, but we’re happy with the progress and we think it will have an impact down the road. 
Richard McVey: Yes, I’m happy to address that, I think this path involves a significant shift in behavior for investor clients. In my own views it will take time to develop. And we’re very pleased with the foundation that’s being built on the MarketAxess system. We obviously have the largest base of investor electronic order flow in credit in the U.S. markets currently. And virtually every week, we’re seeing an increase in the number of orders that are going into market lists. There was a significant step up as I mentioned in the third quarter. There has been another big step up in October. So I think investor willingness to expose orders more broadly and get orders into market list is a very encouraging sign. On the other side, every week we are seeing more investor set up watch lists, so they can be alerted when orders come into the system that may fit with their portfolio needs. And that is starting to trigger more investor-to-investor trade matches. As I cautioned earlier that too is in early stages and it’s a tiny part of what we are doing, but I think if you look at the number of clients that are involved, the number of orders that we are seeing, the trade matches, all of these are encouraging signs and we think are complementing the service that we provide to expand beyond just purely the dealer liquidity pool. With respect to the competition, we don’t really have anything new there, obviously, there are a number of initiatives out in the marketplace. It’s our understanding that none of them are seeing instant gratification. In many cases, we continue to believe that they do not compete directly with what we do. And I think our independence and the size of our dealer and investor installed network give us a very large advantage, as long as we continue to innovate and add new technology matching solutions to the existing platform on MarketAxess. 
Richard McVey: Obviously, we have not made any fee changes. As Tony reported earlier, the fees remain constant on the system and it’s really product and maturity mix that is moving the fee capture around. 
Richard McVey: Yes, I think that our constraint on market liquidity is causing investors to be much more proactive about developing alternative sources of liquidity. And even though as you know, TRACE volumes are likely to be flat again this year overall. If you look at the turnover of outstanding corporate debt, turnover is declining, because the base of outstanding debt is up about 28% or so over the last 4 or5 years, so flat TRACE volumes reflect a decline in overall market turnover. And if that continues, it becomes more and more difficult to create alpha in active portfolio management strategies. And investors I think are moving with their fee to develop new solutions to address that problem, created primarily by the regulatory changes that are taking place in the industry. So we see tremendous support, not just in what they are doing with market list, but also in the input that they are providing to us, and various ways that we can help to address the problem. Obviously as I mentioned earlier, the declined in block trading, may be positive for electronic market share in credit markets. It’s a very difficult challenge for large money managers that are trying to move larger positions through the market. So I think you do see that there is a broad recognition among institutional investors and dealers that they need to act differently to develop new solutions. And we’re very pleased to see the breadth of support that we have around the new functionality that we have been developing. 
Richard McVey: Yes, let me address the hit rate question and then Tony can talk a little bit about the seasonal impacts on share typically for the fourth quarter. But oddly enough we have a shortage of credit bonds in the market currently and you can see that with the demand that exists for new issues as they come to market and also the demand for secondary paper. And dealer inventories as you are at 10-year lows. So we are seeing the biggest gap currently in our hit rates for bids wanted versus offers wanted that we have ever seen. And as a result offers wanted are having a very difficult time getting filled and that is where the overall hit rate on the MarketAxess system has declined somewhat. And as I mentioned earlier, we think that that has held back our market share gains, because the investor order flow growth continues to be very strong. Typically, these imbalances do get corrected over time, but that’s the short-term situation that we are in. And in a healthier environment, we would expect not only the growth in investor order flow. We would also expect to see the hit rates back above 70%. And I think in a more balanced market, that’s what we continue to expect. 
Richard McVey: We haven’t settled on exactly where we are going to report the Xtrakter revenues. I think if we keep with the current view, it would end up following down in the data area and any exhaust that we get from the trading on the Eurobond onside, would flow up into the product category. We haven’t quite settled on how we’re going to show that right now. 
Richard McVey: Sure. I’d be happy to and I think you’re right. The elections have sidetracked things temporarily. I was invited to a small gathering with Chairman Gensler for about a week ago with the group of likely SEFs. And in that meeting he said that the CFTC still hopes to finalize the SEF rules by the end of this year. He acknowledged that they do have a busy calendar over the next few months. But he said that the final rule set was now on the hands of the commissioners and that they would be studying that carefully. And that was his hope that they could come to consensus and finalize those rules by the end of this year. We’ve heard less from the SEC with respect to their timetable for the securities-based SEF rules. I think we would all be guessing, but most people think at this point, it’s likely to be later in 2013 when we see the SEC securities-based SEF rules. 
Richard McVey: Yes, October was obviously another pretty good month for new issues. The activity is higher than it was in the second quarter and you’re absolutely right to point out that when the new issue calendar is active, typically our share falls a bit as the focus goes to the new issue allocations and trading that’s being conducted on swap with the underwriters. We would typically expect as we move later into the fourth quarter that the new issue calendar does slowdown. And that’s one of the factors that I think causes our share through the fourth quarter to typically improve. And then when you flip into the New Year, the first quarter is normally very active quarter for new issues. I think part of the question is on the timing. We are seeing pre-refunding and early rollovers and issuance from various corporations because the yield rate environment is so attractive. So there may be some front loading of new issue supply coming to the market now, that all else equal would cause supply to be a little bit less in the future periods. 
Richard McVey: It’s hard to know. The new issue numbers are strong, but they are not off the chart, so I would be hesitant to say that we think that the activity in the last few months has pulled anything meaningful out of the first quarter calendar. 
Richard McVey: On the second part of the question, Hugh, as we mentioned earlier, we valued the Xtrakter business based on its core business today. As you would expect, we looked at a number of different ways with respect to multiples, comparable transactions, DCF model. But we are attracted to the potential synergies that may come from this deal down the road, which you alluded to as the MiFID II regulations take hold probably later in 2014. And with over a 4 million transaction regulatory reports per day going through Xtrakter and the leading position in fixed income trade reporting specifically, we really like being in the center of that. And we think we can expand our services to our European clients, and certainly operating in a real time environment for trade reporting and transactions is what we do today. So that’s clearly part of the appeal to the transaction, but our valuation was based on their core business as it exists today. 
Richard McVey: And, Jillian, just looking back at the experience in the U.S. there was a significant uptick in the electronic trading market share of following the implementation of the TRACE tape in 2002. And I do think all the quality real-time price data is critical to getting investors and dealers more comfortable with increasing electronic trading share. So, we do believe that this is a core part of our future European product offering, again in line with the regulatory changes. That really getting our quality real-time product fully integrated in what we do in electronic trading is likely to be positive for the electronic trading share in Europe. 
Richard McVey: Yes, we’re not exactly sure exactly what’s the buzz of activity is on other competitor platforms for CDS. We saw some of the press reports on D2D that you alluded to. Certainly we’re wide open to that. We have obviously expanded our bond offering to dealer-to-dealer business because of the demand that we have from existing bond clients. And we would certainly be open to doing that with respect to the CDS platform as well. And it is early days. We’re going to have some fairly significant regulatory changes for the CDS market in the upcoming year or 2. And I think a lot has to be determined in terms of the competitive landscape around SEF’s for both indices and single names and in the D2D and the client-to-dealer market. We do feel very good about the functionality that we’ve been adding to our CDS system. The breath of participation that we now have and the independence that we enjoy as a public company, which is also one of the key criteria outlined in the SEF proposed rules. 
Richard McVey: I think that’s a good question. I agree that there is a bit more uncertainty about the timing now then what we would have expected 6 months ago. And our view is that the benefits of electronic trading within fixed income securities and derivatives are coming through in the market share gains and the investor behavior changes that we see across multiple products. And eventually CDS will follow suit and move in that direction as well. The pace of that adoption clearly will depend on the regulatory changes. And I continue to believe that when it comes to the swap rules that there seems to be bipartisan support. There might be some differences in the rule side and the timing of implementation. But it’s our view that in most scenarios you’re going to see them continue to move forward with finalizing and implementing the rules for SEFs and security-based SEFs. 
Richard McVey: Yes, Jillian, on the incremental margins, our view continues to be and this would be absent the impact of Xtrakter that, we still can generate incremental margins in that 60% to 70% range, albeit we haven’t yet demonstrated those sorts of incremental margins this year, but we still believe that over the longer-term for that core business we can still generate those types of incremental margins. Then obviously it’s going to be an impact once we roll in Xtrakter here. We’ll try and give you more visibility on that as the months go on. The deal-- hopefully we’ll closing the first quarter, we’ll have more to say about it and more to say about the financial impact and outlook for 2013 at that point in time. But again, just thinking about the core business, even with the investments we’re making, if we can continue to drive that top line revenue growth, we still feel good about those longer-term incremental margins in that 60% to 70% range. 
Richard McVey: Greenline, obliviously, we are reporting within our technology business, so it’s been quite visible. The transaction, much like Xtrakter, was a bolt-on to our existing business. We feel good about promoting fixed standards throughout the fixed income industry and the work that we are doing with clients there. It’s obvious to see that the growth rates from Greenline have not matched the core business, but perhaps that’s because the core business growth rates exceeded most expectation over the last 4 years. So we still think that fixed certification software solutions are valuable piece of the overall offering and fit with our business objectives, but the growth rate there has not been as strong as what we’ve seen in the core. 
Richard McVey: I think the impact is similar and certainly, Howard, you are familiar with that dynamic. When a new issue calendar is active all of the focus in the credit markets is on that calendar. And often times, investors have large block swap trades to do to clear room to purchase new issues and it’s highly likely that those transactions are going to be conducted with the underwriters that control the allocations on the new issue. So there is a slice of that secondary market in a TRACE volume that is directly attached to the new issue supply. And when the new issues are more active than not, that will else equal will have a dilutive effect on our overall share. And I think the key thing is if you look over time and this is why we think quarterly measures of market share are probably a better guide than looking at monthly stats, but if you look over time the share gains continue to be very visible in our business. And then based on everything we see going on with investor orders across products, we think that trend is still very much intact. 
Richard McVey: The primary clients of the regulatory transaction reporting services of Xtrakter are the dealers need. 
Richard McVey: So irrespective of where they transact their bond trades in Europe, they would be reporting them in many cases through Xtrakter. There are other approved regulatory mechanisms in Europe today, but the leading provider of those services for the fixed income markets in Europe is Xtrakter. 
Richard McVey: I suspect that in terms of some of the data contracts that exist within Xtrakter, some of the competitors that you mentioned are currently utilizing that data, yes. 
Richard McVey: Well, thank you very much for joining us today. And we look forward to talking to you again next quarter. 
Antonio DeLise: Patrick, on that one, towards the end of the third quarter, we did have one of the dealers on the all variable plan, move up or convert to the fixed plan. So, that accounted for most of that distribution fee difference in the U.S. 
Antonio DeLise: I said that will be largely consistent distribution fees that'd be consistent with the third quarter. There could be a slight uptick for this one dealer, yes. 
Antonio DeLise: And then just a follow-up just on October share and how that relates to the full fourth quarter, just looking back over the last several years, and if history does tell us anything, the fourth quarter is typically our strongest market share quarter, and just looking back over the last several years, it’s anywhere from 60 basis points to 130 basis points higher than the third quarter. Now it will be a typical pattern for us, but even within the quarter, we can look at market share by month. October is always the lowest market share. As everybody knows, December is always the highest market share month during the quarter. So, if history proves out here, we are confident we can get this market share number back above Q3 levels and back in line with the historical growth you’ve seen from Q3 to Q4. 
Antonio DeLise: Sure, so Matt's just taking the first part of the question on the cash flow piece of it. In the prepared remarks, I mentioned that it would be neutral to earnings in 2013. And that’s after the amortization of intangibles. And we haven’t finished the appraisal work there, yet, but you just sort of rule of thumb for acquisitions like this it’s something like 25% of the purchase price over the tangible assets. It could fall into amortizable intangibles. And again, we haven’t finished the work but that number could be something like $1 million U.S. in terms of amortization of intangibles each year. But I do caution, what we’re doing here, we will be investing in people, and systems, and infrastructure mainly on the technology side. So when we look at over the next 4 years for Xtrakter, it’s based on our current view. It could be something like $8 million sterling or $9 million sterling that will be investing, and again technology investments around people, systems and infrastructure over the next 4 years or so. And some of that is capital spending, for example we will be building out some new data centers and investing in technology system. So some of that is capital spending, a lot of that is front-end loaded, so purely looking at it from a cash flow standing point. We do not expect it to be a significant contributor to free cash flow. 
Antonio DeLise: On the - Howard, on the top line revenue numbers, you look back over the last or 2 or 3 or 4 years under the Euroclear umbrella. Xtrakter’s revenues have been around US$24 million, US$25 million, something between GBP15 million to GBP16 million. That’s been a pretty consistent revenue number there. And again, I mentioned before, on the margin side, they’ve bumped around a little bit, but thinking about sort of a normalized margin, it’s been in that 15% to 20% range. 
