Richard Schiffman: Thanks, Chris. We made significant progress this quarter advancing our trading business. Slide 8 highlights the strong expansion of our client network. We had a record 2,108 active client firms trading on our platforms in the fourth quarter which included a record 1,638 client firms active in U.S. credit. Trading volume from hedge fund and private bank clients increased 37% year-over-year and represented 17% of total credit volume in the quarter, up from 14% in the prior year. On Slide 9, we highlight the expansion of our trading business across geographies and products. Fourth quarter growth in international average daily trade volume and trade count was 17% and 19%, respectively. This was driven by strong Euro bond trading volume, up 13% and strong emerging local markets trading volume up 26%. Local currency ADV is growing at a 3-year CAGR of 21% and trade sizes, $5 million and larger represents 60% of our trading volumes. Axess IQ, our front end for private banking clients generated record ADV of $141 million, an increase of 67% compared to the prior year. We are also seeing strong product diversification in municipal bonds with record ADV of $539 million. These strong results were driven by record tax-exempt trading volume, up 14%. We had a record 369 active firms on our municipal bond platform and we are continuing to integrate MuniBrokers with Open Trading to expand sources of liquidity for investors and dealers. Adoption of our automation suite of products continues to grow, as shown on Slide 10. We experienced record automation trade volume and count in the quarter with 3-year CAGRs of 39% and 49%, respectively and a record 185 active automation client firms. Automation trade volume now represents 11% of our total credit volume and a record 25% of our total credit rates. There were a record 10 million Algo responses from dealers, an increase of 40% year-over-year. To share an example of client penetration, our largest automation client executes twice the automation volume of the next largest fund complex. The firm has made a significant investment in automation. We believe this is due in part to an increasing need to manage large inflows and smaller-sized tickets. There were a record 2.2 million trades of $100,000 or greater in U.S. credit on TRACE in the fourth quarter, up 15% from the prior year and nearly doubled fourth quarter '21 levels. Slide 11 provides an update on Open Trading, our market-leading all-to-all liquidity pool. Open Trading ADV was $4 billion and share of total credit volume was 36%, down from 38% in the prior year but up from 34% in the third quarter of '23. A record 202 hedge funds provided liquidity through Open Trading in the quarter a 9% increase from the prior year. Open Trading is consistently the largest single source of secondary liquidity in the U.S. credit markets. We delivered approximately $702 million in price improvement to our clients in 2023 on lower levels of credit spread volatility during the year. Lower volatility in high yield in mid-2023 had a negative impact on ETF market maker activity as shown in the chart on the lower right. As activity decreased, Open Trading share of high yields moved from 50%-plus at the end of 2022 to approximately 47% in the current quarter. Our launch of Open Trading in select local markets including Poland, Czech Republic, Hungary and South Africa is off to a strong start. We were pleased to see the uptick in EM market volumes in the fourth quarter given the lower levels of growth over the last 2 years. Emerging markets continues to be a very attractive growth opportunity for the company. Now let me turn the call over to Steve Davidson to review our financial performance.
Richard Schiffman: Yes, Alex, it's Rich. Yes, I was just going to say building on Chris' comments, the part of the market where we're strongest, where the Open Trading has the biggest impact, the institutional client business. That's 2/3 of the market. We know we've got some work to do in the dealer business, for example, that's about 1/4 of the market. And then PT, as Chris talking about where we're also growing, that's just 7% of the breakdown. And then the last component is retail which we're really not in and that's about 2%. So we feel really good about our core business, the offering that we have there. And then we're investing considerably with X-Pro, with our dealer business to capture that other roughly about 1/3 [ph].
Richard Schiffman: Yes, Chris, it's Dan, yes, just to add a little bit on it. I mean the transaction fees, I mean, they're broadly set by bid-ask spread in the market. And also on the value of the service that we provide. So it kind of runs the gamut. The Open Trading is most valuable where we deliver the most value to our clients and number was somewhere $700 million-ish north of that in what was a relatively lower benefit delivered. That number has been quite a bit higher in the future. So those trades go for a relatively higher fee rate. And then all the way on the other end of the spectrum is process trades where it's either de minimis or zero and we don't count those even in our volumes. So it's really just clients using our plumbing to process the voice trades. Things like PT, it is closer, it's closer to a process trade than it is to an in-comp trade all to all and taking advantage of Open Trading. So that is going to be at a relatively lower fee rate and of course, you guys are all familiar with the duration impact in some of our fee products where that's going to have a change as interest rates are changing and maturities are changing. One thing about it, we talk about size is also a factor in the transaction fees that we charge and with the move towards automation and Algos being used to break blocks into smaller pieces, that's going to mean smaller-sized trades which leads to relatively higher fee per million capture. So that's a trend that will work in our favor over time. But generally, the rate card is pretty stable and you've got these other variables in terms of product mix, duration mix that reflect themselves in the overall average fee rate that you see published each quarter.
Richard Schiffman: Yes, Simon, I would just add to that. You can think of X-Pro it's the tool that makes a trader's manual activity more productive and that's definitely around the larger trays, more complex or handling large list and things and that's why we have it focused on PTs. The automation, that's going to transform the way people do the large number of flow tickets that they have to bang through and Chris just gave that one example of a trader with hundreds of thousands of trades that they need to work. I can see as the automation matures, gets more widely adopted. If you think about it compared to a portfolio trade which is also a convenience service, right, when a trader buy-side trader has hundreds, if not thousands of line items that they have to get done and they're basically offloading that activity to a dealer to handle the role in one shot. So the automation can actually, I think, eat into that type of activity as people get comfortable with using that and then they can focus their time on the relatively small number of line items in a very large basket that need the traders attention. So it will be interesting over the coming years to see how those two kind of vie for some of that activity.
Richard Schiffman: Alex, it's Rich. And on the first part of the question about X-Pro, I mean it's definitely our objective to make it as painless as possible for the end users. So there's nothing new they have to do. It's really just coming into our workstation as they always do and selecting the new option for using this interface and the ability to get their orders in is also exactly the same as they've been doing in the past. The big challenge for us and this will take some time. Our objective is to get all of the orders from the buy-side traders and even whether they're going to trade it electronically or not, we believe they will benefit from all of the data and analytics that we have in the X-Pro platform and then that will lead to a greater amount of those trades taking place electronically. And to Chris' point earlier, A lot of that is going to continue to be the in comp and taking advantage of Open Trading but there might be some trades or some orders in there that they may just want to work with a small number of dealers and they'll be able to very effectively do that from X-Pro as well. So it's a tool to try to capture all of this activity in terms of share goals, I mean, certainly, we're after the whole market here. But we also recognize that not every order that comes in from a buy-side firm is necessarily going to be out in comp in the traditional way that we've served the market historically. So we're after all of that activity, it's going to come in a variety of ways. Whether it's PTs, whether it's bilateral trades, whether it's fully in comp, whether it's matching, whether it's RFQ. X-Pro is that cockpit for the trader to manage all that different way, all those different ways that they may want to interact with the market.
Richard Schiffman: Yes. I guess I'd just add to that. I mean, if you look at the slices here, call it, 2/3 there. I don't know we say 20%, 20% if we're using investment grade as an example in terms of market share. You've got -- obviously, the way we come to that number is not across all the different sizes and ways we trade, right? There's going to be relatively lower share in the blocks. And then we have very high penetration in some of the what we call kind of our sweet spot, anything kind of north of 100 million and up to -- going up to about $5 million in things. So that segment of the market, though and I don't have the overall electronic total for it but it's likely it's going to be a very high percentage of electronic trading. And then it's this larger segment here, the over $5 million, let's call it, in investment grade that has relatively lower penetration right now. It's going to be real work to get traders to be thinking more electronic in that size. And that's all the work that Chris has been describing on the other questions here with X-Pro and things. So it's a battle there. It's going to be different types of protocols newly issued bonds, for example, is one that's right now very much tied to going back to dealers and maybe being done more on the phone or via instant messaging and things. So we believe we've got all the tools in the 2/3 of the market and we're investing in the new capabilities now to capture that top end.
Richard Schiffman: Yes, Michael, I would just throw in on the AI piece. I think the most interesting area where it's going to have an impact is helping to find the other side of the trade, who out of the over 2,000 clients might be interested in what somebody is trading right now because today, everybody has to express their interest either by submitting orders or creating watch list and things. It's a pretty manual process. But if you go on to Amazon, it always seems to know what you might be interested in buying at any given time. I could see AI having an impact that way and being able to notify people when there are things that they could be interested in that they could act on and be on the other side and capture that bid-ask spread. So, things we're looking at pretty closely.
Chris Concannon: Thanks, Steve. In summary, on Slide 18, we continue to execute very well against our growth strategy in the fourth quarter. The market backdrop improved through the fourth quarter, supported by a potential pivot from the Federal Reserve in December. Our focus in 2024 is on growing corporate bond market share by leveraging X-Pro to retool the delivery of our full suite of products and services. X-Pro will be integral to bringing all our data automation tools and protocols together to address trades of all sizes and complexity. Our client network has never been stronger with continued expansion across client segments, regions and products. As we continue to execute and deliver on our key focus areas for 2024, we believe we are well positioned to deliver higher levels of growth in the quarters ahead. Now we would be happy to open the line for your questions.
Chris Concannon: Sure. Thanks, Chris. First, I want to remind everyone, we have our monthly release coming out on Monday. So you'll have all the details on Monday but we did want to provide some level of commentary because we obviously anticipated questions on the January results. Really, first, let's take a step back and take a look at the macro market. The macro market that was unfolding in December as a result of the Fed pause has been very favorable for our market but more importantly, the broader bond market. And we started seeing behavioral changes that were positive in December from overall market volumes. Some of those same factors that we saw in December are continuing to the 24%. It's an attractive rate environment. Bonds are great investments again. I know people are interested in bitcoin but bonds are much safer investments with great yield. But we're also seeing that in the numbers. If you're looking at reallocations that typically happen at the beginning of the year, we're seeing those reallocations play out into fixed income, both at the retail level but also at the institutional level. So the overall market backdrop is quite positive. We also see a very high demand for new issue in January and that's really reflective of that market backdrop. We're seeing really a record January new issue closing in over $200 billion in new issue in the month of January. So that too is a positive sign. That issuers are coming to market in this higher yield environment and find it quite comfortable to be issuing debt in this overall market environment. So all of those are very positive for the bond market more broadly. And as a result, we're seeing high-grade market volumes up 20% year-over-year and up 40% from Q4 from December, actually. So those are all very positive signs of the overall market environment. Our market share in a big new issue month is typically challenged but we do end up seeing -- and again, today is month end. And so we do have a very -- a large active day left in the month and we typically do see a very strong month-end activity when we see that high new issue activity in the month. People obviously moving out of those new issues and rebalancing happening and a sizable index rebalances is also happening. So we do think today will be a very strong day left in the month. So that's why I don't want to speculate on results at this point. High-grade market share has been stable throughout the month. We're seeing portfolio trading activity. We're seeing our typical long-only clients being very active across the high grade market. So a very stable market share month in high grade. High yield, as you mentioned, Chris, it's certainly a different story. The high-yield market volumes are flat year-over-year. We are seeing investors not showing a big appetite for high yield. We have seen a high-yield new issue this month which is sizable for the month. But where we see really a decline in overall market activities across the hedge fund and ETF market maker segment. It is a broad decline across that segment. So we're not seeing or feeling any competitive pressures there. When we talk to those clients, they are indicating that the overall market environment for their models and their business is has declined. And so it's really a segment challenge in the high-yield market. And you see that in the high-yield ETF volumes are down 20% year-over-year. So there just continues to be a thematic challenge within that high-yield market. We saw that in the second and third quarter as well. We did see some pickup in the fourth quarter in high yield but really that high-yield challenge continues. Other areas of our business, EM. EM had a very challenging 2023. The investment thesis was not attractive relative to where yields were at high-grade market share or even treasury market. So the end market volumes were challenged. We're seeing a pickup, we saw a pickup in EM volumes in Q4 and we're actually seeing a positive trend continue into January in EM with market volumes up close to 10%. And we've even seen -- we're approaching a record in our APAC volumes. So we're seeing positive activity across the international business in January. So hopefully, that's a long-winded answer, Chris, to remind everyone that we do have a market volume release coming out on Monday.
Chris Concannon: Sure, Ben. Great question. Look, the new issue market, when we see a record market like we've seen in January, we see that as a positive sign for market volumes and we've seen that play out in terms of market volumes. It does have an impact on our market share but we're more about growing revenue and growing volumes. And so it has a temporary impact on share but a positive longer-term impact on the overall market and market volumes, particularly secondary market volumes. Remember, people are moving out of product and into new issue. They are reallocating typically into that new issue. And we do see that high activity at month end, like a day like today; we'd see high activity as a result of a sizable new issue market as they reallocate those portfolios. What I think more broadly, outlook for 2024, it's quite an attractive outlook for our marketplace and then were a key component of that overall market. So we feel very positive about 2024. I will tell you, our clients are exceptionally positive about the reallocation that typically happens at this point in the rate cycle, where you see people moving from stocks into bonds and we're starting to see that. You can see it in the retail numbers on our market. Retail numbers are growing and that's really reflective. An early indicator of how people are thinking about this more attractive rate environment, so when we talk to our clients, they are bullish about more allocations, more dollars being allocated into the fixed income market. What's interesting is they are not bullish about their overall revenues coming in as a result of AUM growing dramatically. A lot of that AUM will grow in lower expense ratio products. SMAs and ETFs index-based products. So they are still watching their expenses quite carefully even as AUM is growing in this more attractive rate environment. And that's why the demand that we're hearing from clients, they're managing more AUM on the same fixed budget and that requires them to adopt things like automation and use electronic trading, have more efficient tools like an X-Pro. It's really about doing more with tests on the client side. So that is a running theme among our clients in this kind of environment and quite positive as we look out into 2024.
Chris Concannon: Sure. And again, we just came out of pilot. So to be clear, we had a pilot that we ran. We now -- we kept that pilot small to a small list of clients because we wanted to really have a focused attention, both in terms of our development as well as our -- in terms of our overall guidance and support for that new innovative solution in the fixed income market. It's the first time an Algo -- a client Algo was launched in credit. So it's a pretty exciting time. We've now -- what it means to come out of pilot means we are now open opening up that offering to all clients. And so the demand is quite high. The pipeline is long. We're super excited about what it means. The positives that we've seen are really the execution quality that clients are enjoying. Remember, this algorithm is designed to be a passive solution so you can manage orders throughout the day and take advantage of opportunities where another client or even another dealer is trying to request price from the market. The algorithm will automatically respond to those prices. So it's quite a sophisticated tool. So it takes a while for a trader to learn all the different versions, all the different algorithms that they can customize and build. So it's an exciting time for us and an exciting time for that rollout of Adaptive Auto-X. More importantly, Adaptive Auto-X is just one feature among many within our automation suite. So we don't -- we see it as a critical piece of the path forward but the overall adoption of automation is what we're so focused on. And that automation suite of products continues to grow. Adaptive -- think of Adaptive as the most complicated, most sophisticated piece of the automation suite. But the demand for automation is high, as I mentioned, given the expense budgets of our largest clients. The other piece to recognize and Rich had it in his opening remarks, the disparity of use of automation is quite high in our market. And he mentioned our largest automation users 2x the next largest client. So when you -- from an AUM perspective, we have not fully penetrated the automation suite across all our clients. So there's large disparity of use and -- but some really exciting use cases. I can't talk about automation without mentioning. We just awarded the largest trader on MarketAxess that trader using -- leveraging our technology, leveraging automation had a record number of trades by an individual 240,000 tickets were executed by this one individual. She is 26 years old and works for a very -- an important client who adopted automation. They saw technology as an opportunity and she took that automation tool and achieved a record volume. So just -- it's truly astounding when you see an individual trader fresh out of college trade over 240,000 tickets just leveraging the technology. That's the power of this automation suite. Adaptive Auto-X is a component of that and the demand has never been higher for this product category. And I'll also remind you that the great part about automation is it's highly dependent on data. So the data that you feed it improves its performance, we alone have that CP+ solution and we also have a great deal of proprietary market data that we're feeding into that automation suite over 2024. So you'll just see a great deal of stickiness around that product. But just wildly successful and really exciting to see an individual trader able to trade that many tickets in a given year.
Chris Concannon: Sure, Simon. First, when I look at what we're doing with X-Pro, we have to refresh the MarketAxess technology. We're refacing how the traders in the bond market look at MarketAxess. So it is a technology change that we must make. It also helps our refresh of the entire tech stack underneath MarketAxess. So it's a key element, a key strategic technology change that we're making. The good news, as we make it, we can actually change the workflow for our clients and deliver better solutions and better data to our clients through the rollout of X-Pro. This has been in the works for a number of years. So we're excited that it's now live and being rolled out across our clients. The very positive news on just the basic X-Pro features, we are seeing at the trader level improvements in trade efficiency for the traders on X-Pro. It's been fairly consistent as we roll out X-Pro that the trader volume, that volume of that, that trader handles goes up by about 20% given the workflow and efficiency of X-Pro, the trades that they execute on average go up 30%. So it's a highly useful tool to manage the growing tickets that our traders are seeing on their desktop. We also are embedding unique data features into X-Pro and building what we call a high-touch and low-touch solution. So traditional MarketAxess was very focused with all-to-all on, call it, $3 million in under trades. We actually do much larger trade sizes than that. But the way traders manage their workflow, they were very focused on what they could send to All-to-All and that would be sent to MarketAxess. As you think about X-Pro and its rollout, we're targeting that larger trade size that high-touch trade the $3 million and above. I think of it as the $3 million to $10 million is the sweet spot. Those are a long list of trades sitting on desks that both the dealer and the client would like a more efficient outcome for those trades. And so X-Pro allows a trader to adopt whatever protocol they want. They can load it on X-Pro and do a phone trade, they can load it on X-Pro and go to one dealer. They can go to three dealers or they can go to all to all. All the pre-trade analytics is designed to guide that trader on what protocol they want to use and even what counterparty they want to select from. So it's key ingredients that I think our clients haven't ever seen before and it's a unique offering within X-Pro.
Chris Concannon: And Alex, I'll just add what's interesting and it's really the -- I mentioned earlier about portfolio trading. We did launch X-Pro for portfolio trading. That was the first piece of the X-Pro platform that we launched and we saw very positive feedback and very positive results around portfolio trading. Portfolio trading will continue to be a big part of our market. It is certainly an efficient way to get exposure for the buy side. But as we move more of the market to electronic trading, those efficiencies should spread across other areas of the market. The way I think about it is what X-Pro is doing is just replicating what the trader is doing over chat or phone. And so it's an easier conversion to an electronic solution when you're replicating exactly what the trader is doing elsewhere because you're not really changing the outcome of the trade. You're just making it that much more efficient to manage that many more line items. So what's attractive about X-Pro is it allows the trader to have pre-trade analytics and then decide what protocol they want to use. And the important part of the X-Pro solution is that high-touch solution, whether you're putting it in a basket and trading it as a portfolio or you're trading the individual line items, you're literally replicating what you were doing on the desk over the phone and in chat. And that's the key ingredient to the offering.
Chris Concannon: Sure. First, I do view it as we've seen these loans in the high-yield market in the past. That market segment is obviously a powerful part of the market. But when I look at ETFs, high-yield ETF volumes down 20%, it makes a lot of sense for me. And we've talked to those clients and they explain how their models work and why they're not working in this current environment. We also see the demand for high grade at a high level from the institutional market. So we understand the disparity in product that we're seeing. We've also seen this month a number of distressed bonds move into the distressed category. And those tend not to trade actively on electronic solutions. But the bigger impact is really the segment impact, the client segment impact in high yield. Again, I do think it's temporary and we'd expect that market -- that high-yield market volumes to be up in a more positive market backdrop that we're seeing in '24 and so I do think it's temporarily the market environment that's delivering those high-yield challenges, both to the market, our market segment and then our market share.
Chris Concannon: Sure. So as we mentioned in our opening remarks, we've given the guidance on '24. We're guiding an expense target around $480 million to $500 million with the Pragma expenses added in there. And as you mentioned, that's a single-digit growth rate down from historical growth -- expense growth rate of double digits. We looked at the investments we've made over the past number of years. The firm has grown substantially. Our tech team has grown substantially and that was all because, one, we're managing the current platform, a sizable platform. As Rich mentioned, we're 20% of the U.S. credit market. So there's a great deal of maintenance in the current platform. And at the same time, we're investing in new platforms and an entirely new tech stack. So it tends to ramp up your investment in both people, software and hardware and development and that's what you're seeing in those numbers. We looked at how we allocate those expenses and how we allocate those resources across the broader MarketAxess and we've made some allocation adjustments. So really, what you're seeing in this lower single-digit guidance is really us being mindful of not only the opportunity we have ahead of us but mindful of where we think our focused investment should be. And so that's -- when you think about our tech plant, the X-Pro solution is a global solution. So it's not a high grade or high-yield only. It really is rolling out across the entire globe. We're targeting Europe in the second quarter and we're targeting global portfolio trading in the second quarter on X-Pro. So it's a global solution addressing all of our products. We think that's a worthwhile investment because it obviously brings benefits to each of our products, including things like EM. We're seeing portfolio trading in EM that we want to address. So we're excited about the investments we made. We're not saying we've stopped investing. We will, in fact, continue to invest in technology and continue to invest in people in 2024. So embedded in that guidance is a continued investment in the overall talent in our market. But we certainly feel comfortable about the years of investments that we have made and obviously, a sizable investment with the acquisition of Pragma with all of their tech team coming into the MarketAxess full. As we start to unwind and see the benefits of Pragma in our overall tech stack it's really -- we're starting to see the future opportunities for the Pragma technology moving throughout the MarketAxess offering. So one, Pragma is a key ingredient to our automation offering as we look at the end of the pilot of Adaptive Auto-X and the continued roll out of Adaptive Auto-X, they will be a key ingredient to our overall automation solution. So when we think about low touch trading, Pragma will be a key API or X-Pro solution embedded in X-Pro and so that's part of our tech investment is embedded in that Pragma acquisition as well. So we feel very comfortable about the massive investments we've made and we're looking at moving slightly down to a single-digit expense growth rate. I will remind you, though, that 18% of our expenses are variable. So those do move as our top line will move around. So as volumes go up, our clearing costs will go up as well as a result of that overall volume number clearing through our platform. So right now, we're very comfortable with where we are in terms of the guidance for 2024. We think that's a new expense level that we're comfortable with going forward as well.
Chris Concannon: Great question, Michael. And obviously, I want to talk about automation. Obviously, because the growth rates there are sizable. Just in terms of what we saw in the fourth quarter, our automation grew close to 39% year-over-year. So the demand is high. And as I mentioned on a prior question, seeing a woman of 26 years old, be the number one trader on MarketAxess is reflective of the power of this automation tool. It's powered by unique data. It allows someone who's new to the market, mind you, be able to trade over 240,000 trades in a single year. There is AI indirectly in our automation suite, so our CP+ and the data products that we're rolling out, things like Tradability, AI Dealer Select, those are all driven off of our AI tools as we produce data. Adaptive Auto-X has components of AI in it as it looks at and behaves throughout the day. So I do think there's greater opportunities foreseeing AI development across the automation suite. But I also think we're seeing low penetration of automation in some key clients. And certainly, when they hear about the successes that some of their peers are making in automation. And obviously, when they hear about the success of a 26-year-old of being the number one trader on MarketAxess, they're going to be interested in that automation suite of products. So we think there's huge demand in '24 for the automation suite and pretty optimistic about what clients can do with it. And as you were asking, the AI solution is indirectly embedded in our automation suite but we think there's more to do and a huge opportunity around AI.
Chris Concannon: Thanks and thank you all for your questions. We look forward to a great 2024. We have lots of innovation, as you heard on the call coming out over the course of the year. We look forward to talking to you in the next quarter. So, thank you.
