Rick McVey: Good morning, and thank you for joining us to discuss our second quarter 2014 results. We are pleased to report record revenues this quarter of $65 million in spite of the soft secondary trading conditions in fixed income throughout the quarter. Our momentum is evident in both emerging markets and high-yield trading where we set new quarterly volume records, and in Europe where our client volumes were up 28%. As a remainder, secondary market conditions in the second quarter of last year were very different on the back of the Fed’s tapering announcement, leading to rising interest rates, higher volatility and wider credit spreads. In retrospect, last year’s second quarter was an anomaly in the multi-year trading environment trends. Pre-tax income in the quarter just completed was down 2.5% to $29.1 million, and diluted EPS was $0.48 compared to $0.49 in the second quarter of 2013. Expenses were up 6.6% to $35.9 million. These year-over-year comparisons exclude the benefit of the out-of-period adjustment last year for the capitalization of certain software-related expenses. Our adjusted estimated share of U.S. high-grade TRACE in Q2 was 14%. TRACE reported volumes show an increase on or around April 1 of double reported transactions versus prior years. Based on our own TRACE analysis and conversations with FINRA and several large dealers, we believe this double reporting has the effective increasing TRACE reported volume by approximately 3% versus prior periods. Our market share adjustment reduces trades volume by 3% to eliminate this double counting and make more accurate comparisons to prior periods. Due to our strong cash flow and excess cash position, our board approved an increase in our share repurchase program from $35 million to $100 million, and a regular quarterly dividend of $0.16 per share. We believe that share repurchases will continue to improve long-term returns for our shareholders. Slide 4 provides an update on market conditions. Market conditions during the quarter remain largely consistent with the first quarter of 2014. Combined U.S. high-grade and high-yield TRACE volumes were comparable to both the prior year and previous quarter levels, while credit spreads remained near all-time lows. Credit spread volatility also remained low reducing the need for active portfolio turnover in the secondary markets. The quarter saw continued robust U.S. high-grade new issuance, up 20% compared to the second quarter of last year. The U.S. corporate debt market continues to get larger and is approaching a record $10 trillion. Corporate debt outstanding is up more than 50% since the end of 2008. We have observed a positive correlation between high-grade new issuance and the percentage of TRACE volume represented by block trades. In the short-term, investor focus on new issuances and higher block trading volumes have a dampening effect on our estimated market share. Excess demand for corporate bonds is evidenced in their current low level of credit spreads and in the low hit rates for offer wanted business on the MarketAxess trading system. We believe that more balanced order flow would improve overall hit rates. Slide 5 provides an update on our key areas of investment. Open Trading creates all-to-all trading connections on the network and continues to be a major area of focus for the company. During the quarter, the number of active clients utilizing Open Trading protocols grew from approximately 175 firms to 260 firms. While Open Trading still accounts for a relatively small portion of our overall trading volumes, we are encouraged by the roughly 35% increase in prices back and trades completed in Q2 versus the first quarter. We are seeing increased Open Trading adoption from both, dealer and investor clients, and we are confident that we are on the right track to build valuable new sources of liquidity for secondary credit markets. We see continued improvement in our European business. Trading volumes from European clients were up 28% during the second quarter and European revenues were 20% of total company revenues. We are working on a number of enhancements to our Trax reporting, matching and data services in response to new incoming European regulations. Our Trax technology rebuild is on schedule for completion this year. In CDS, we did see an increase in our CDS SEF volumes in market share during Q2. Important regulatory questions remain on CFTC rule interpretation and SEC rules for CDS single-name trading. In the short-term, aggregate CDS SEF volumes are lower than we expected, and regulatory costs to operate SEFs are far greater than current SEF revenues. Now I would like to hand the call over to Tony for additional detail on our volumes and financial results.
Rick McVey: Thanks Tony. Second quarter results reflect continued momentum and a stronger competitive position in our core credit products. Open Trading adoption rates are accelerating and this remains a key area of our investment focus. European results are improving and incoming European regulations will create new opportunities. Now I would be happy to open the line for your questions.
Rick McVey: I think there are host of reasons, Jillian. First of all, we have eight important trading days still left in July, but yes, there are more moving parts right now in mid-month than normal. One, because of the addition of 144A is to the FINRA reported TRACE volume. And we’d like to work with you and the other analysts to make sure that we’re reporting that in the best way possible at the end of July to make it easy for you to make prior year comparisons. The second thing is that we have the recently determined double counting that’s taking place in TRACE that we hope to learn more about through the month of July. And then thirdly, the month starts on an odd week with the July 4 with holiday trading activity for a couple of days leading into the fourth weekend. So for all those reasons, there are a lot of moving parts in the July market share estimates. What we would say is, and if you look apples and apples at the registered securities, there’s been reports you see high-grade numbers that are weaker in July so far, but that doesn’t come as any surprise to us given the July 4 holiday and some of the weaker days around that period. The other thing of note about July is last week was the first signs of volatility returning to the U.S. credit markets with a very active week in high-yield. And the high-yield index yields went up about 35 basis points in a week. There were significant outflows in ETS and in mutual funds active in high-yield. And as you can see from the TRACE data, there was a significant increase in high-yield trading volumes and an improvement in electronic market share. So it is a reminder that when we get better secondary trading conditions, it comes with higher overall market volume and higher electronic share.Jillian Miller – BMO Capital Markets: Okay, got it. Thanks guys.
Rick McVey: The short answer is no. The ability to stream in credit is certainly growing, and we see that as the protocol of choice in the CDS index business on SEF. As you know as it gets much more complicated when you move further down the liquidity spectrum, and corporate bonds have always been a challenge to provide institutional liquidity and levels in a live or streaming environment. So we have many dealers streaming on MarketAxess but they tend to stream in very small trade sizes with wider bid offer, and that obviously is not what investors are looking for, because typically they are getting better pricing than that through a competitive RFQ process. So it’s far from us to say it can’t happen but we haven’t seen that protocol be successful in credit yet. And like I said, I don’t know enough about the Tradeweb strategy to comment and whether that’s going to be a big part of the offering or not. That’s just what we’re picking up from the media reports is that’s one of the things that they are talking to dealers and investors about promoting.
Rick McVey: We’ve always felt that [indiscernible] important competitor in the space. Like I said we’ve been dealing with ebbs and flows of Tradeweb in credit for about 12 years now, so none of that has changed. With respect to the metrics, you’ve bring up a great point which is that Tradeweb does suggest that they promote transparency, but we don’t have a lot of transparency on their results. So it would be a great asset to all of you and to the market, if we did have more information on their trading volumes and market share trends and revenue models by product, but we don’t have that whether it’s their recorded rate space or the retail space or the SEF, like we’re starting to see more information on SEF, but it would be great to have more transparencies so that all of you would have a way to compare their progress relative to other important players in the space.
Rick McVey: Certainly we are rewarding active trading clients with expanded data products in Europe. And I think we’re in the very early stages of developing and delivering products that are going to be valuable to dealers and investors. The region is suffering from a lack of transparency. We think we have a role to play in fixing that to improve liquidity in the overall European market. We love the fact that we’re in the mix with dealers investors making what we think are very sensible compromises about what data products we deliver, what goes out in real-time, what comes out on a lag basis, but there is a lot of valuable data that we have in Trax that can help dealers and investors understand the liquidity trends and trading trends in the European credit markets. So part of that we would expect to see coming through in growing trading activity from our clients, and part of it we would expect to see as data revenue.
Rick McVey: We’re not privy to the decision that one or more of them have made on reporting, but Patrick we believe it has to do with back to back trades that are going to a non-U.S. legal entity that has not been reported twice previously and the decision was made in the second quarter to begin reporting both legs. We know through our conversations with FINRA that they are aware of this. They expect to take it up internally to make a decision on how they should address it going forward. So we would expect that somewhere around this time next quarter, we may have some guidance from FINRA on how to treat what is now these double reported trades.
Rick McVey: What we’re encouraged by is that we’re not only getting an increase in prices back and trades and volumes, but the breadth of participants is much larger. And I mentioned the total firms involved have seen a significant jump in Q2 from 175 or so to 260. So it’s very broad based. And there are more and more sophisticated alerts built into the MarketAxess trading system that are allowing both dealers and investors to identify potential trade matching opportunities. And those alerts are starting to take hold, prompting investors and dealers to provide a price back on a trade where they may have a match. So we’re very encouraged to see the breadth of people and participants through Open Trading. There are all kinds of examples of where in the old world, market participants could not connect with each other and through Open Trading they can. And some examples are on the dealer side and some are on the investor side and we’re seeing healthy growth from both.
Rick McVey: Yes, it’s a little bit of both, right. We have thousands of trade matching opportunities that are triggering thousands of alerts each day. And I think as investors look everyday at more alerts, let’s say you have a potential trade match, they are reengineering their trading process to be in a better position to respond opportunistically when they have a potential match. So I do think that the sophistication in the alerts and the integration that we have with order management systems is a big positive. And with that investors are starting to respond more regularly with leading with a price when they have a potential match.
Rick McVey: Never sufficient, right. Credit is not a one-size-fits-all market. And our investment is broad based in terms of providing a menu of choices to meet the challenges that credit presents in terms of different liquidity in the securities in our market. If you look across the platform today from CDS through to cash, we have seven or eight different protocols up and running and we expect to continue to add to that. So there are certain enhancements that are available now that clients and dealers are just beginning to digest around things like RFQ add-ons, and we expect to be rolling them out in the second half of this year and beyond.
Rick McVey: I don’t even know the answer to that. The two weeks in July in the long-term are really not that relevant, Hugh, especially since one week was the July 4 week. Are we encouraged not just by what we see, but the thousands of meetings that we have every month? We are. There is a major shift going on in market structure caused by the regulatory changes. And large investors are really concerned about what the regulations have done to constrain dealer balance sheets for market making, and they are looking to find new sources of liquidity and increase the number of counterparties that they have available to them. And part of the shift in the second quarter is dealers get involved in helping with that solution and getting more comfortable with the notion that part of this market going forward is going to have dealers operating as agent as well as principal. And so both the anecdotal feedback that we see in all the meetings that we have combined with the metrics that we have provided to you today do increase our confidence that we are well on our way being as a key solution to liquidity challenges in credit.
Rick McVey: Niamh in the short-term there hasn’t been much change. There are some large investors that are choosing larger financial firms to intermediate open trade than the MarketAxess system, and we would expect that to grow. We don’t believe that longer term we will be the clearer of choice for these trades. And as I mentioned earlier, we have offered all the dealers on the platform the opportunity to clear and intermediate these trades on behalf of their clients. So I think its early days to really say exactly how the clearing will be conducted for open trades. We have provided a straight through service to investor clients in the short-term that they value, but there is no reason why major dealers can’t offer that same straight through service to their clients and intermediate more of these trades going forward.
Rick McVey: We revisit protocols with dealers’ every day. We have a broad sales effort with the dealer community. We have a team that works with their trading desk every day. And we believe that our priorities in terms of protocols are determined based on the dealer input we get and the investor input. We do not see any broad based view among investors or dealers that a central limit order book for corporate bonds right now is likely to be a viable solution for the market given the fragmentation and the liquidity in the corporate bond market. There may come a day. I think that day will come from a combination of advances in market making technology, but importantly changes in issuer behavior that will lead to larger benchmark deals. And we have not yet seen a significant change in issuer behavior, but some level of standardization in the way that they issue bonds would certainly help secondary liquidity and would help move the market to something that could or at least the subset of corporate bonds operate in a more live environment. And we’re highly confident when the market is ready for that, we’re ready to provide the technology.
Rick McVey: Thank you for joining us this morning. Enjoy the rest of your summer and we’ll talk to you next quarter.
Tony DeLise: I think the expansion in investor choice on smaller trade sizes in Europe is one of the reasons that volumes have been up so far this year, but I also think we’re benefiting from a broader product offering, right. There are higher quality data products coming from both our trading business and the Trax business that we’re providing to dealer and investor clients in Europe. And there is a pretty good bouncing back [ph] the post-trade services and expansion of transaction reporting and trade matching. And we’re just three months away from the move to T+2 settlement in European fixed income, and that’s increasing demand for real-time trade matching. So I think the broader product offering is resonating with European clients, and it is driving the growth that we see in the trading business currently.Mike Adams – Sandler O’Neill & Partners: Got it. Great. Thank you guys.
Tony DeLise: Patrick, we have always traded 144A securities. And let’s say in the high-grade space, when you look back over the past three plus years, in the past 3.5 years, it’s been fairly consistent around 6% to 8% of our volumes of our high-grade volume has been in the 144A space. So it isn’t zero. The comment we made in the prepared remarks about increasing sort of the addressable market or expanding the secondary market opportunity, when we look at least the July information. And again unfortunately we’re in the situation where TRACE is – where FINRA has not released any historical information. So our dataset is fairly limited, but if you look at the July month-to-date information, it’s about 14% increase in U.S. high-grade TRACE volumes with the inclusion of 144A. So the important message, we have been trading 144A. It’s been a very consistent part of our high-grade volume. Probably the more important takeaway just the size of the market opportunity is bigger. So when we sized up – for example we in the past, we’ve talked about what 1 percentage point increase in market share would be across our product set. We now look at high-grade and we think that that 1 percentage point increase in market share is a bigger number today. And with this limited dataset right now, for July it’s about 14% larger. Listen, Patrick, I wish we had the historical information we could recast this, we can give you what we all want in terms of share, we just do not have that information today.
Tony DeLise: Again we’ve been trading 144A high-yield. And that one story is a little bit different in that the impact on the reported high-yield TRACE numbers is going to be bigger. At least what we’ve seen in July month-to-date, it could be a 60% increase in high-yield TRACE volumes. And we’ve been trading high-yield 144A just like we’ve been doing it for high-grade. It hasn’t been necessarily as consistent as a consistent portion of our high-yield business, but just to put it in perspective for this year-to-date, it’s probably about 20% of our high-yield volumes has been 144A. And again all things equal, the reported market share will go down, but we think the opportunity set is bigger, and in this case a lot bigger.
Tony DeLise: Yes, it’s probably a little bit of both, Patrick. The best we can measure market share on the EM side, it looks like a little bit of an uptick and it looks like the velocity has picked up a little bit more in the EM side. In high-yield, when we look at the TRACE volumes and we look at market share, probably it’s small uptick in market share on that side. The bigger gains – on the record volumes, the bigger gain was on the emerging market side than the high-yield side. And that’s when we have less information or not as reliable information to judge the market share.
Tony DeLise: Sure. Hugh on the – I’ll kind of take them piece by piece. On the U.S. high-grade distribution fees, we’ve got this one dealer who will migrate in July from an all variable plan to one of our fixed plan, one of our distribution fee plans. And so that one by itself will cause an increase in distribution fees. And as you know, all things being equal, that will cause us a little bit of a decrease in our fee capture. And we’ve talked about how that’s pretty consistent. It’s pretty neutral in terms of overall revenues, but it does cause a little bit of mix difference there. On that liquid product one, what’s in there now and the majority of what you see in that distribution fees, that’s what little we’re charging for CDS on our SEF is residing in that bucket. So it was less than $150,000 in the second quarter was CDS related. We’ve put it in that distribution fee line. It’s really dealers who are streaming prices into our SEF. We are charging them. And again it’s sort of a modest number. And all things being equal, we expect to see something similar like similar to the second quarter in the third quarter and going forward.
Tony DeLise: On the fixed rate side, it will be $0.5 million or more. And on the variable side, this one, given where our trading volumes are right now and all else being equal and you know there is lots of elements that go into the high-grade fee capture, but if it was solely this one item, this one dealer migration, you’d expect the fee capture to go down $5 or $6 per million. But again realizing there is lot to go into that fee capture number.
Tony DeLise: No. With any sort of 10b5-1 program that you set up, you have to put an expiration date. And we can expand, we can extend, and this one we happen to take the view through December 31, 2015. And if we’re trading at $65, it’s going to take a longer time to act on that entire capacity under the program.
Tony DeLise: Really not Niamh. When we had the first quarter call, we had guided towards that lower end of the range at the time. And we’re half way through the year now. Obviously we have a lot more visibility into the spend. And I mentioned a couple of specific items. So we’ve made a decision earlier this year around the data center consolidation. That does not impact what we’re doing around investing in Europe and Open Trading and CDS. So we did make a data center consolidation decision. That has an impact on ongoing run rate for software costs, hosting, capital expenditure spend. So it’s a pretty big impact on that one item. Even things around incentive compensation that I mentioned. When we’ve built our model, our budget for this year, I can’t say that we predicted the market conditions were going to be similar to what we’ve faced over the last six months. We had some different expectations built in. That’s a pretty big variable from where we were originally in terms of the guidance to where we are now. The other part, I want to just make sure it’s clear on, even though our salary, pure salary line is trending lower than the expectations, we are 100% on track with our year-end goals, our year-end employee headcount goal. And maybe the timing of when those new hires were on-boarded shifted out a little bit, but in no way have we deviated from those expectations. And today we’re sitting there with 318 odd employees at the end of the June. The expectation is by year-end we’re going to, depending on turnover, we will add to that number and we’ll end the year with 325 or 330 employees. And those additions we’re making are in all those key – surround those key initiatives. So we have not really deviated from that. I will say the second half of the year – the biggest variable in the second half of the year and where we come out on expenses, big variables where we come out on incentive compensations, where revenues are in the second half of the year. And the other ones that could bounce back and forth is just how successful we are with on-boarding new employees and where we are with employee turnover. But you see we’ve tightened up that range and we’re out in a different spots than where we were three months ago, but in no way do we feel like we’ve cut back the investments in the key growth areas, particularly Europe and Open Trading. Just one sort of side note on CDS. There is probably a little lower spend on CDS in the second half of the year than there was in the first half of the year. And we’re in a bit of a quiet period or sort of stasis period right now where legal fees will come down. We’ll probably be more disciplined around some expenses. So there will be slightly lower spend on that one.
Tony DeLise: We’ve probably haven’t talked about it recently, but I can tell you that in the sort of period immediately preceding, talking about 2006 and sort of midway through 2007, when we talk about sort of onset of the crisis it was when the floating rate note market dissipated in the second half of 2007. The years to maturity in our platform looked like 5.5 years or six years. It was much different environment back then. It was – the yield environment was different, the credit environment was different. The yield curve was a flat or an inverted yield curve at times. There is not a lot of trading at the long end of the curve. It’s different than what we see today, but yes it has been lower pre-crisis.Michael Wong – Morningstar Equity Research: Okay. Thank you.
Tony DeLise: Yes, it was – Jillian it’s a little bit more than $4 million. On year-to-date for CapEx, it’s a shade north of $9 million. And just on that one – I had mentioned in the prepared remarks that we had lowered the range for CapEx. It’s now $15 million to $17 million. It’s down a couple of million. It is solely and almost exclusively around the data center consolidation when we sort of bubble that through the forecast, that’s the reason for the decline.Jillian Miller – BMO Capital Markets: Got it. Thanks.
