Chris Concannon: Thanks, Rick. Slide 10 provides an update on open trading and our protocol expansion. In the second quarter, over 38,000 orders and $21 billion in notional value was available daily through our open trading marketplace, an increase of 32% and 33% respectively. A record 1700 unique firms were active across our open trading network during the quarter, with approximately 1000 firms providing liquidity. This diversity of participation continues to drive significant cost savings for our clients as credit spreads widen with the total savings delivered through open trading year-to-date. Live markets rates are innovative all-to-all solution in U.S. Treasuries saw trading volume increase 57% year-over-year with a strong increase in market share as well. We continue to onboard clients and launch new rates products. Live markets for credit saw total trading volume increased to 3.5 billion in the first half of the year which is up 76% compared to the second half of 2021 with 171 clients active on the platform. Given the recent liquidity challenges in the rate space, we believe that our all-to-all model is increasingly being viewed as a potential solution for liquidity challenges across both the credit and rates markets. Municipal bonds also registered record ADV of $371 million. Excluding MuniBrokers, our organic Muni volume grew 84% year-over-year. We continue to build liquidity on the platform with another major municipal bond firm coming online and beginning to trade in the coming days. Slide 7 highlights the increasing momentum we are seeing with automation in credit trading. Automated trading on MarketAxess reached new records in the quarter, growing to 57.6 billion in volume and over 305,000 trades reflecting very strong adoption despite the increase in volatility. Today Auto-X represents 19% of total trade count and 8% of our credit trading volume. We also are seeing an increase in auto responder trading volume and automated responses. Adoption in Europe has been particularly strong with Auto-X volume up 53% and trade count up 50%. Additionally, the use of dealer algorithms continues to grow on the platform with approximately 5.7 million algo responses in the second quarter, up 23% from the same period last year. The impressive three year CAGR is shown on this slide reflect the strong long term growth we are experiencing across our trade automation suite. Slide 12 illustrates the powerful diversification of our model across products and protocols. The second quarter was a record for portfolio trading with total PT volume of 23 billion, which represents an increase of 64% from Q1. We delivered the strong performance with estimated portfolio trading market volumes in high-grade and high yield increasing only 9% sequentially resulting in very strong estimated market share growth in the second quarter. Estimated high-grade and high yield portfolio trading market volume represented approximately 6% of the total high-grade and high yield TRACE market in Q2 up slightly from the first quarter. Estimated high-grade and high yield portfolio trading market volumes have remained relatively flat as a percent of total trace over the last four quarters. In the first half of the year, we had a record 96 active clients and we executed a record 534 trades driving record portfolio trading volume of 37 billion. Through the first half of July we have already registered 67.6 billion in portfolio trading volume and are currently trending to a new monthly record. Slide 13 is an update on emerging markets where we continue to see strong growth in local markets and overall market share. We achieved 13% growth in ADV in emerging markets during the second quarter with record local markets trading volume driving record estimated market share. Local markets trading volume of 68 billion represented a record 39% of total EM volume. The strong performance in local markets was driven in part by strength in EM trading volume across our APAC region. We also continue to onboard new clients with a record of 1,370 active clients trading EM on the platform. Slide 14 outlines our data strategy. The three pillars of our data strategy are as follows. First, our goal is to create best in class front office trading and real time data solutions that leverage CP+ and our trade automation capabilities. Next, we are creating data solutions that enhance the portfolio of construction process like our recently announced collaboration with MSCI, which leverages our proprietary tradability data and liquidity scores. Last we want to continue to develop new trading protocols and tradable products for our active and systematic clients like our recently launched MarketAxess 400 liquid bond index. We are in the early stages of implementing this strategy and the announcements that we made this past quarter will be key catalysts for our success. Now let me turn the call over to Chris to provide an update on our financials.
Chris Concannon: And Richard I would just add, as we see fee capture picking up as that yield curve adjusts, and our clients start trading across the curve, we don't see that increase in capture impacting our share growth either. Obviously, these fees have been in place for many years. And clients aren't sensitive to that type of fee change over time as the yield curve starts to change.
Chris Concannon: Yes Richard, it's really all about timing. When we look at our full year hiring plan, we expect to hit the full year budget by the end of the year. And as of today, we've got just over 50 heads identified as Q3 hires. So it's just a timing when you're looking at sequential headcount impact, but year-over-year we're up 7%. And we're going to, we strongly believe we're going to hit our hiring plan. It's just a matter of the timing and the back end of the year. And it's good question on the operating expenses because the storyline this quarter was definitely FX. It had an impact on our revenue, but it also had a benefit on our operating expense. Our operating expenses would have been just around 2.5 million higher if you adjust it on a constant currency basis. So the level of operating expenses $97.5 million in the second quarter. When you're thinking about the exit rate for Q3 and Q4 consistent with last quarter, it should be like a 3% to 4% growth rate on top of Q2 and of course, that's assuming that the currencies are constant.
Chris Concannon: Yes, unlike the bank, so we recognize the investment opportunities. So we're not pulling back on our hiring plans. We're trying to accelerate that.
Chris Concannon: And Rick, I would just add, as we see rates rise, and fixed income assets become more attractive, particularly for retail investors we would expect fund flows to be quite positive towards fixed income ETFs and rather than managed funds over time. Obviously ETFs provide a more efficient investment strategy given some of the expense ratios. So we would expect ETF flows in the fixed income arena to increase with the more attractive fixed income rate yields that we'll be seeing in the future.
Chris Concannon: Yes Mike. You're right, we've seen migration for. I mean two high yield dealers migrating to a fixed fee plan and those fixed fee plans are $150,000 a month. So it's 450 per quarter that you're seeing a pickup. And it's a good sign for us because it means that those dealers anticipate that they're going to do more on the platform. We're still charging a transaction fee for those fixed fee plans. But they're not, they are paying a lower transaction fee as compared to the monthly minimum commitment fee planning around previously. But as of today, we haven't identified any additional dealers. So the group of dealers that you're seeing hitting the credit fixed fee distribution is expected to remain the same for the foreseeable future.
Chris Concannon: And, Dan, I would just add, we're hearing from our clients about some of the liquidity challenges. And those liquidity challenges aren't just in treasuries, we're also seeing liquidity challenges in credit. So many times, given challenges around liquidity, it could impact overall volumes. But that's why our OT or open trading alternative liquidity solution did actually see some positive yield in the second quarter and gains across many of the different products in terms of overall volumes, but also penetration within those products.
Chris Concannon: Sure. I'm happy to tackle both. So for info services obviously, we have a very strong pipeline and we saw a number of contracts slipped from Q2 into Q3. So it's really just a timing issue. And also, Q1 last year saw some one time revenue items as well that we didn't see this quarter. We feel very strong about info services and the product offerings that we have. We continue to see progress in our CP+ product, as well as our newly announced Axess All Prints which is part of the Axess All suite of products. We're confident about achieving those double digit annual growth rates. And that is an annual growth rate number that was referenced earlier. With regard to post trade we were obviously impacted by some of the year-over-year currency changes. But the post trade business also saw some expected attrition, as you mentioned, clients from the recent acquisition of Reg Reporting hub, as we migrated that platform. We had some targeted attrition. We were really pushing to transfer clients that were highly profitable. So we saw some expected attrition of clients on that business. That business also has a very strong pipeline of clients, obviously, much more subscription based business. So I suppose that pipeline builds we start to see revenue really show up in the prior quarters for those products. Some of the new products on post trade that we're excited about, we continue to see progress in our repo match service, seeing year-over-year gains and a number of key clients joining that matching service and then a new product called [sonar] which is part of our post trade offering for existing clients. It's a wonderful surveillance tool that allows clients to review their own activity. And that's a product that's newly launched and we would expect to see revenue showing up at the end of the year or early next year.
Chris Concannon: And Rick I would just add, during that time period, we saw the overall fixed income market grow dramatically as a result of the massive new additions that we've seen over the last two years. So you have a very large growth in the overall fixed income. Asset class in the short term, impacted the turnover rate of that asset class. More importantly, if you think about electronic trading in fixed income, it's largely driven by RFQ, timed RFQs. So even though the electronic version is more efficient, and more trades can get done it doesn't have that dramatic impact on velocity as you would expect from pure electronic trading. I'd pay close attention to some of our products like automation, which really streamlines execution, and can actually increase velocity dramatically. And our automation numbers are up sizably grew 39% from last year, and we're seeing record volumes across both trades and overall volume, notional traded. So I would pay close attention to that automation suite of products because that really pushes the accelerant on velocity of trading.
Chris Concannon: Well, I'll start and I'm sure Rick will have a few thoughts on portfolio trading. Obviously, we had a record quarter and we were able to execute 330 trades over that quarter and saw our market share of electronic PTs grow. We do think that while portfolio trading plays a role in transferring of risk in the marketplace. It's a very expensive trade to perform both in terms of time while managing the trade but also in terms of spread that is ultimately paid. So we've seen our clients look and perfect the right portfolios to trade with dealers and also we've seen dealers become much better at trading portfolios with their clients. The key I think to what we've seen, and again this is all estimated market share of trace, trying to retrace and understand what was a portfolio trade, we do see it has flattened out as a percent of overall trace volumes. So we're not seeing any growth even at times when it was less volatile than the second quarter. But despite the volatility, in the second quarter, we saw clients still make use of portfolio trading tools and also use our platform for portfolio trading. Key differentiators really what we're hearing from our clients are the need for analytics around portfolio trading, better data around the liquidity around individual names, estimated what the overall price of a portfolio trade would be, whether or not it would be preferred to trade it as a list instead of a full portfolio trade. So analytics that helped clients decide whether or not to put on a portfolio trade and also what parts of their overall list should be traded as a list or as a portfolio that's really, we're seeing a lot of demand for both real time pricing of the portfolio, but also analytics on how to perform the portfolio trade.
Richard McVey: Thank you, Chris. In summary, we continue to execute very well against our growth strategy. We hit on all cylinders this quarter across most operating metrics within our control. And we believe that high-grade fee capture is likely to move higher in the future as the yield curve returns to normal. The record level of market share gains we registered this quarter are a clear indicator that the investments we have made to expand our growth cylinders and increase our product diversification are paying off. Our strong execution, broad based market share gains, increasing momentum in new products and expansion of our global footprint are setting a very strong foundation for growth in periods ahead. Now I would be happy to open the line for your questions.
Richard McVey: Well, I think the question is about return to normal curve and what that is likely to do for fee capture. There are two primary factors that go in. this is the nature of institutional client trading in high-grade corporate bonds only. There has been very little movement in our fee capture for other credit because those are price based products. But within high-grade corporate bond, institutional client trading, clients trade on a yield spread to treasuries and our transaction fee is also based on a yield spread which is why duration matters in determining that outcome for high-grade fee capture. So there are two key things that go into that. One is the overall level of yields and the other is the average maturity of bonds traded on the platform. Both of those worked against us in the year-over-year period, because of course, yields are much higher year-over-year, which drives down duration and the curve has inverted. So you had very unattractive yields in the short end of the curve one year ago, you have now have the most attractive yields at the short end of the curve because the yield curve inversion. So both of those have worked against us. So yes, if we get back to the normal shape of the yield curve, which we would expect to over the periods ahead, you should see that the average maturity is also returned to normal, which all else equal will help fee capture. The other question that is what our overall yield levels in that mix to drive the total fee capture. But as you've seen from long periods of time, we're at the lower end of what we've experienced historically in high-grade fee capture and that came off of a period when the curve was relatively steep, and we'd been at the higher end. So we think over time is all neutralizes and averages out. But unfortunately, in this particular period, we've had both drivers of fee capture pointing lower, even though we've had absolutely no changes in our fee model for high grade trading.
Richard McVey: There are a variety of workflow solutions that are active in the primary process. It's not a space that we are currently in and our focus continues to be almost exclusively around secondary trading and growing out protocols and products and market share there. Having said that, live markets is focused on the most liquid and the corporate bonds, including newly issued bonds. So we do think we're providing a new solution with live anonymous trading at the liquid end, supported by a number of the leading banks to develop that protocol that we would expect would be very active over time and newly issued bonds. But the workflow solutions around the new issue process are not currently an investment area for the company.
Richard McVey: Yes. What we've seen in the past, there's been a real transformation of market making and risk transfer and fixed income in especially in credit over the last three or four years. So you see a variety of new tools at work from portfolio trading to ETF share trading, increased algorithmic trading, increased trading automation with clients, all of which were participating in actively. ETF shares had a very active quarter volume this quarter. Part of that was outflows in the sector. But a part of it is because the institutional market, both dealers and investors are using ETFs as another risk transfer tool. And my view is all of this is good for velocity, much of the way that S&P futures accelerated the growth and underlying stock trading I think where we're heading is a model where there are a variety of different tools. There is more automation, with both investors and dealers, and you'll see more active trading and more active velocity. And ETF share trading is a welcome addition to that equation because it's just another tool to help clients and dealers transfer risk.
Richard McVey: Yes. And finally, Chris, obviously, our investment in RFQ-hub, along with some of the leading market makers is a sign of our expectation to offer ETF share trading through the market access trading platform. So we're very pleased to have been able to complete that step in the second quarter with virtue and the other market makers and we will be working toward a strategy to bring those capabilities to our clients on market access.
Richard McVey: Not terribly surprised. One of the factors, Dan is you saw and in all of the bank and major dealer, second quarter earnings, including [Euro] is that the new issue calendar is way much lower than it had been previously. And that clearly is an important catalyst for overall TRACE volumes. So that factor is certainly in the trace volume numbers that you see from the second quarter. And we've had a pretty big shock to the market with a 15% drop in prices. So the overall dollar value at work and corporates is lower than it was at the beginning of the year as well. So I'm not terribly surprised. As you know, we continue to believe that we see lots of reasons for optimism on velocity with the increase in market participation, including lots of new and interesting clients continuing to come online in credit trading, and the 40% compound growth rates we're seeing in trading automation with both dealers and investors and the new liquidity tools that we just talked about. So we are optimistic long term, but we're not surprised with some of the short term headwinds around overall market volumes.
Richard McVey: I think we're still in the midst of the transformation of the trading and risk transfer model and global credit. So not terribly surprised that we haven't seen the increase in velocity. But as I mentioned earlier, Kyle, I still see lots of reasons to be optimistic longer term.
Richard McVey: Yes, for the second quarter was just over nine for the years to maturity and it's been hovering around high eight, low nines for the last couple of quarters, it peaked out at 10 Kyle back in Q1 of '21. But going back longer term in 2019, it did hit the mid 7s. But we've seen stabilization so far in July of 2022.
Richard McVey: Yes that's right. I mean, if you're looking at sequentially, we actually had a $2 pickup on years to maturity, but we were hit with the bond yield movement.
Richard McVey: It's been the case here recently, which we're super excited about Patrick, because the global local market opportunity is larger in the aggregate than the hard currency opportunity. So this is a great sign of the evolution of our global EM franchise, which opens up a significant new revenue opportunity. And yes, longer term, we would expect EM local currency trading will outstrip hard currency trading. And we'll think more about it. But we're happy to provide some granular information there as we go. But all of this is new revenue through the growth in EM local trading, which, to us is really good news for shareholders, because we're starting to penetrate a very large and important part of the EM market.
Richard McVey: Yes, I would just add, Michael, the path from zero to 5% share of trace was pretty steep. So a year ago there were a lot of expectations out that it was going to continue along that steep path. And as Chris mentioned earlier, it's been pretty flat for four quarters in a row and 5.5% or so of trace. So that's a change from where we were a year ago. And in our conversations with dealers and clients, it's much more difficult to manage the risk in a large portfolio trade today than it was eight or nine months ago. And that's reflected in the pricing that's coming through on portfolio trade. So the level of enthusiasm to promote portfolio trading is down in the dealer community. In my opinion, and it's reflected in pricing, it's not quite as tight as it might have been when we were in the very low volatility environment last fall, but in terms of enhancements there are lots of different client practices around PT and we're knocking out a lot of enhancements that are important to them every month, very focused on the things that they would like to see added. They're also super excited about what we've done to integrate CP+ in our analytics. So it makes them, it makes it easier for them to track pricing as they're working up a portfolio. And we're benefiting from the large credit trading footprint that we've had for many years around the world that trades bid and offer lists with us all day long. So all of those are working in our favor and pleased to say that our goals for this year around portfolio trading growth are very much on track.
Richard McVey: Yes, Mike, where we are in a curve right now every 100 basis points is $4 to $5 and every one year to maturity is around 15.
Richard McVey: The share trends in July are very similar to what we saw broadly in Q2. The second half of July market volumes are almost always higher than the first half because of the trading days around the 4th of July holiday. So we have eight full days of trading that represent a significant part of monthly volume still in front of us. And on your other question, I don't think that there's anything I could say about the first two weeks of trading in terms of any significant differences in client patterns versus the second quarter results that we went through.
Richard McVey: Thank you for joining us this morning. Enjoy the rest of this summer and we look forward to talking to you again next quarter.
