Rick McVey: Thanks, Tony. 2015 was a strong year of revenue and earnings growth for MarketAxess, consistent with long-term averages. Our competitive position continues to get stronger as evidenced by our accelerating market share gains in core products. Open trading is leading the way with innovative solutions to enhance credit market liquidity. In Europe, growth in trading volumes and the integration of Trax provides the foundation for improved earnings from the region. Now, I will be happy to open the line for your questions.
Rick McVey: I think in the near term we are already seeing some results from the EM local market expansion and we think that will continue throughout 2016 and beyond and represents a significant opportunity. Based on the client feedback we are getting, we are also enthusiastic about the launch of municipal bond trading. It’s a large market, highly fragmented indeed in electronic trading solutions and we do believe that the capabilities that we have will add a lot of value to our clients in that product area. So, we are looking forward to that launch which we have planned for the second quarter of this year.
Rick McVey: I think the evolution is pretty close to what we would have expected in open trading. I think it’s an additional liquidity pool available to clients on the platform and the results so far have been that clients are using open trading for similar trade sizes as they always have in the client to dealer module. But we did have a good year overall in block trading. Our block trading volume was up about 25% in 2015. So, we are encouraged by what we see there, but we obviously continue to gain share in smaller trade sizes as well, which is why the average trade size hasn’t budged that much. We have, Patrick, some important enhancements rolling out in the second quarter for open trading, which we think will continue to address the client concern about information leakage by allowing for private negotiations once we have identified a match on the trading platform. And I think as we continue to enhance the capabilities around large trade sizes, we will see better progress in the quarters and years to come, but block trading does continue to be an important part of what we are doing and it was about 20% of our volume during the fourth quarter and over 90% of the trades reported to TRACE. And we think we are doing the right things on the technology enhancements to make it easier for clients and dealers to trade more blocks on the system.
Rick McVey: We are bullish longer term and I think somewhat cautious on short-term, because any time we launched a new product getting both clients and dealers engaged in electronic trading and responding the way they can and fully integrated does take a little bit of time. But when we look at the municipal market, it has some similar characteristics to the corporate bond market in that it’s inundated with small trades that are not being conducted all that efficiently today. So, we believe we can have a significant impact in that market. And I think when you look at the potential for market share longer term, I wouldn’t be at all surprised to see the institutional muni business moving to 35%, 40% electronic. So, it’s early days for us. We think we have all the right client feedback and the network and the technology to really make a difference for our clients. We are excited about the launch, but history would show that it does take a number of quarters to get people fully engaged.
Rick McVey: I would just add to that, Mike, on the European side. We are pretty excited about a couple of things that clients are responding very well to. One, we have taken another step of integration of the Trax data into the trading platform. So, it’s increasing the visibility of that data and the usefulness to our clients for price discovery. And secondly, we are following a similar path in open trading in Europe to the one that we have accomplished in the U.S. So each quarter, we are seeing more take up around the open trading and the promise of a new and valuable liquidity source for our clients in Eurobonds. So, we are very focused on the region. We are happy with what we accomplished during the year in 2015, but we think there is much more ahead if we can continue to execute and deliver unique value to our clients.
Rick McVey: Sure. A couple of things on that, Kyle, the client demand has been building really over the last year. And we have many large asset management clients that have their municipal bond traders sitting alongside their high grade and high yield traders, watching their colleagues enjoy the efficiency and the cost savings of the MarketAxess system throughout the trading day and that has led to quite a bit of demand to add the municipal bond products to this system. So that’s been growing over the last year, which is why beginning in the third quarter and fourth quarter of last year, we started to prioritize the technology enhancements to launch the municipal bond product. The work has been going on for about six months. As I mentioned earlier, the benefit that we have is we are leveraging a lot of the technology investments that we have made over the last 15 years or 16 years because the bid and offer list capabilities combined with Open Trading are exactly what the municipal bond clients are looking for, so that work has been going on. We are on track for completion in the second quarter and we would expect to launch trading during the first half of that quarter. The challenges are the ones that we have observed before. It’s a change in trading behavior. So it’s the blocking and tackling of getting clients to input more of their bid and offer lists and their order flow into the system, getting used to using the technology and it’s getting the price responders and market makers also integrated and comfortable providing prices back on those orders. So it all takes a period of time, but this is one of the product areas where we feel the most confident with our launch in our history really based on the feedback that we are getting. And the municipal bond market is the significant opportunity. We think about $6 billion in average daily trading volume in the secondary market, so everything seems to be on track for us at this time.
Rick McVey: I don’t know that we see anything different in the M&A landscape than where we have commented in prior quarters. What we have been delivering and building to the market is unique. We have seven or eight protocols running that are built for the institutional credit markets. And we have been more successful with organic growth and organic technology developments. And I don’t see anything really changing there. And when you think about our mission, the institutional market combined with all-to-all trading through the Open Trading enhancements, it’s not obvious that there are acquisitions out there that would accelerate our path into any existing products or new products.
Rick McVey: And I just would add to that as well. We get a lot of feedback from our large investors on our capital management plan and consistently they like the steady growth that we have been delivering on the dividend and they like the strong balance sheet. So it’s a great position for the company to be in, to be increasing the dividend the way that we are building further strength in our balance sheet and investing organically. So we think we have that balance about right and that’s certainly the feedback that we are getting from our large investors.
Rick McVey: Sure. I think what you see in the muni space is that there are a number of retail oriented municipal bond systems that have also been trying to move their liquidity pool up to the institutional client. I think in very small ticket sizes, they have had some success, but what we hear anecdotally is that most of those platforms have average ticket sizes of just $40,000 or $50,000. So, it’s really the microwatts for institutional clients that trade on those systems and not what they would view as their more significant order flow. The incumbent really for some form of electronic messaging is really Bloomberg, where they have functionality that allows the muni market to exchange order and price messages. The feedback we get is that, that is not a fully electronic solution that includes the competitive price discovery that didn’t offer list functionality that we deliver and the post-trade straight through processing. So, what we are picking up from clients is that this would represent a significant improvement in their electronic trading efficiency with this launch that we have on track for the second quarter.
Rick McVey: Well, I think you are right, the trend continues to be that some dealers are making decisions that they don’t want to be as actively involved in fixed income market making as they have in the past. And we know the challenge between the capital requirements and layers of compliance costs that have been added to the industry, the challenge for all of them is to achieve reasonable ROEs for their investors. So, some of those decisions are being made. I still think the backdrop here is the significant increase in credit debt outstanding around the world with numbers that are up around the 80% over the last 5 years. So, we are dealing with a much larger market that’s entering what could be a new period of increased volatility. And that volatility will lead to trading activity. And we think it’s part of our responsibility back to our clients to provide the tools to address the regulatory changes that are taking place and deliver new sources of liquidity so that we can efficiently move on to the system in what is now a much larger market with growing volatility.
Rick McVey: I am not sure exactly what you are referring to, but there is no change in what we view to be our most important competitive advantages. We have been investing in credit technology for 16 years with significant investment enhancements every single quarter. So, we have been at this a long time and we think we have got the broadest base of trading protocols available for the credit markets and we continue to add more. I suspect that our investment budget again this year will be larger than anyone else in the space in the coming year. And then secondly, we have obviously been very hard at work consistently on growing our client network and fully integrating them into our trading system. So, it’s very gratifying to see our active client list go over 1,000 firms in the last year. So, we have got a really broad and deep network of clients and we have an expansive set of trading protocols available for our clients and we see those as the most important competitive advantages. And as we have talked about during the call today, we are not standing still. We are investing more in the coming year and we expect to for the foreseeable future.
Tony DeLise: Patrick, that’s what we would put them in there, yes, in the other credit bucket. And we will continue to break out the volumes and provide as much granularity as necessary to understand the swings in that category. And just remember, with the planned Q2 launches, it’s more of a second half of the year exercise, but we will provide at least enough granularity to understand what’s happening in that bucket.
Tony DeLise: Patrick, it is a growing piece of the expense right now, but I don’t think it’s going to scale on a one-for-one basis. Right now, the model is to use a third-party clearing agent. It is not scaled exactly one-for-one right now. It’s not what we had forecasted for next year either. And we will continue to look at how we are clearing right now. We are looking at alternatives and really reacting to the way clients want to clear and represent prices and we will not scale one-for-one, no.
Tony DeLise: Mike, you know the guidance we provided right now is limited to the expense side and tax rate and capital spend. And on the non-transaction side and you saw what we delivered in 2015 which was relatively flat on the information and post-trade side. We are expecting some growth there. Again, without being specific, we are expecting some growth there. And in that area, it’s a little hidden, but our data revenue was up 12% year-over-year. It’s matched a little bit by the foreign currency impact. So, we did face some headwinds with the stronger dollar there. We have new data products and liquidity products coming online. There is client demand and uptick and interest in those products. The sales cycle is a little bit longer, but we do expect some revenue growth. So without being specific, we do expect some growth in that information in post-trade line.
Tony DeLise: Mike on the pricing side, there is some pricing in the revenue model, it’s critical to our success. It is critical to long-term success, getting that right. We believe that the liquidity take or pays model or the market model if that’s – that is the right model. And we have that model in place for high grade. We have that model in place for Open Trading. And we do think it scales better for dealers, it scales better for liquidity providers, it promotes price responding. And when you think about our success, our success is really in the depth of our liquidity pool. The deeper the pool, the more prices bounces back, the more trades are executed, the more inquiry flow in the platform. We have got this virtual circle running. We have got a couple of products today that don’t run on that market model and that’s high yield and emerging markets and Eurobonds. We are continuing to evaluate when and if the time is right to adjust those fee plans. But nothing right now in the near-term that we intend to unchain, that would impact the revenue outcome for 2016.
Tony DeLise: So Kyle, on the repurchase plan, we do have plan that expires at the end of February and you saw the $25 million authorization for the new plan. And just to put it in perspective, we are kind of offset dilution from equity grant that sort of rule of thumb to look at. If you look at grant value, equity grant value each year or if you look at stock-based compensation expense, that would give you a rule of thumb of what we would be anticipating from an annual repurchase standpoint. And we think that $25 million is – would offset dilution over the course of the next 2 years, that’s how we feel today, it can change, but that’s how we feel right now in terms of the plan we put in place. And on the dividend fees, you are right. Observationally, you are right that the 30% increase is in line with the increase in earnings in 2015. When I look longer term, the increase in net dividend over the past 5 years have outpaced our increase in free cash flow and our increase in earnings, so we are growing that dividend level. That strong earnings and that free cash flow generation, we can increase the dividend. We can still make investments in Open Trading and new products. We feel it’s the right balance right now between the dividend and share repurchases.
Tony DeLise: A significant number. We have done a lot of work on both the buy side and the sell side dynamic in the municipal space and we think about half of our target muni clients are already taxable clients on our system and another half are more muni specific that we are in the process of adding to the trading platform, but the largest global bond investors in that are already active on our platform also tend to be the largest municipal bond investors. So, in terms of percentage in the market that we already cover, we think it’s more than half. On the dealer side, as you know, Hugh, there are loads of regional dealers involved in the municipal bond market. So, that’s another area where the 60 or so that we expect to have live at launch probably represent about half of where we would expect to be a year from now. So, there are plenty of new dealers to add to the system, but they also tend to be smaller in size than the dealers that we already have live on the trading system.
Tony DeLise: Sure, Hugh. For munis, at launch date, what we intend on doing out was a tiered fee plan, which really based on ticket size and maturity. And what that equates to is a fee capture and I will give you a pretty broad range, but the fee capture will be somewhere between high-grade and high-yield, which happens to be where the other credit category sits right now. So, it is a pretty broad range and it’s going to be dependent on ticket size that they outset. In all likelihood, it probably favors smaller ticket sizes, which means higher fee capture, but think about the munis sitting sort of squarely in between high-grade and high-yield, which will be consistent with the other credit fee captures right now. And for loans, you are going to hear much of the same story, where it’s a pretty basic fee plan that we are launching with. And the fee capture right now, we expect, would look similar to what you see in that other credit category right now. So at least, at the outset, we don’t think it will influence the fee capture up or down in any significant way.
Tony DeLise: Yes, yes. And Hugh, in the prepared remarks, I made some comments about the midpoint of the range compared to our historical growth. And when you look at that uptick, if you isolate the discrete and incremental investment to launch these new products, that munis and loans, what we are looking at right now, it’s somewhere between $2 million to $3 million in expenses in 2016. And with any product launch, you have to build functionality, you integrate reference data, you connect clients and there is an effort there. Of that $2 million to $3 million, there is employee costs that are built in there. So, there is customer facing, employees and technologies that we have hired and will be hiring over the course of the year. There is also reference data that we have to subscribe to. So, that incremental spend, think about it for 2016, couple of million dollars might be more than that in 2017 as we ramp up the effort.
