Richard McVey: Thank you, Tony. We are pleased to report another very strong year for revenue and earnings growth. We believe that market structure and regulatory changes are driving a demonstrable increase in demand for electronic trading in credit markets. In addition to our strong competitive position in core products today, we are investing actively in new product areas. Our revenue growth is allowing us to invest in new products, grow earnings, and returns more free cash flow to our investors through dividends and share repurchases. I would like to thank our employees for their dedication to serving our customers again in 2011. We expect 2012 to be another exciting year for developments in the e-trading space. Now I would be happy to open the line for your questions. 
Richard McVey: I think our belief is that the new capital requirements are likely to keep dealer balance sheets lower than they have been in the past. And interestingly enough, undoubtedly risk appetite is up to start the New Year with the improved market conditions in January. However, there's absolutely no sign that primary dealer balance sheets are increasing for corporate bond trading. So our expectation is that these changes are more permanent, and that dealers are going to operate their corporate bond trading operations with much smaller balance sheets than they have in the past. That is being reflected in the TRACE data when you see the decline in the percentage of TRACE volume being done in block trades, and the gradual reduction of the average trade size in TRACE. 
Richard McVey: Yeah, well, we certainly see an acceleration of estimated market share gains in US high-grade over the last 3 years, with another very strong increase in market share last year. And it's our belief when we look inside the TRACE data, primarily at the type of trades that investors are most comfortable doing electronically, which tends to be in the $5 million and under trade size category, that electronic trading over time will consume most of those $5 million in under trades. And recently, the $5 million and under trade size business has been representing more than half of all TRACE volume. Admittedly some of that is in the dealer-to-dealer space, but a significant portion is in the client-to-dealer space. So it's our view that the combination of the investor transaction costs improvement and the trading efficiency and the ability to reach more dealer counter-parties will continue to drive a higher market share of electronic trading in the years ahead. 
Richard McVey: I think it's unlikely that we will take on new dealers at the same pace that we have over the last 3 years. There are firms increasing their commitment to credit trading virtually every quarter and we will see some of those coming in, and we will also see some dropping out as we did with MF Global during the fourth quarter. But I think, in terms of the total number of dealers’ active in the US, you should not expect to see a significant increase over the next year or 2. We think there is more to be gained from their participation and increased volume on the system across a number of different products. And I think you will see that continue over the next year or 2. And the other part is that we do believe we can do a better job with new dealer acquisition and being more flexible on fee plans in Europe. So we would like to follow the success of that dealer expansion in the US in the European region. That's one place where we hope to be able to show a larger dealer community over the next several years. 
Richard McVey: Yes, I think we do look at our fee structures in all products at all times to try to determine what's best for our dealer and investor clients and what's best for our shareholders. And it's clear that with the reduction in volume that we saw throughout 2011, the distribution fees were higher than they should have been. We were proactive about this, Patrick, because these are many of the same dealers that are very important to us in the rest of our product areas, in the US high-grade emerging markets, high-yield, and important to our development plans in CDS. So we wanted to address the distribution fee proactively in Europe. The key for us in that region and for our entire business is to grow volume in variable revenue. That's where our growth has come from in the largest way in the past and that's where we expect it to come from in the future. So with these changes, we think we are in the right place with dealers in Europe and we think we have a better value proposition for new dealers that we are trying to attract. 
Richard McVey: We are doing more and more work on transaction cost analysis in US high-grade in particular where we have the benefit of the TRACE tape. And you could see bid offer spreads widening out during the fourth quarter as the market conditions became more difficult. And our average cost savings within the corporate bond trades that we conducted during the quarter were around 4 basis points per trade. 
Richard McVey: Obviously, a lot of factors will go into the TRACE volume for 2012, many of which we can't possibly predict today. Having said that, this continues to be an environment where investors need yield. Government bond yields, especially in the US, are extremely low, and we are seeing inflows of investors moving into credit and we are seeing them invest at the longer end of the curve where they can find more yield. I think the one mitigating factor to TRACE volumes during the second half of the year were the significant concerns coming out of Europe. And at least temporarily, there is a much more meaningful funding solution coming out of the ECB that's led to a significant rally in credit spreads in the European region that's having a ripple effect into the US. So the combination of the search for yield and the increased confidence in credit and the European solution is driving significant growth in trading volumes versus where we were in the second half of last year. So right now obviously this is a very favorable environment, and we would expect that the increase that we've seen in corporate bond debt over the last 3 years does give rise to more turnover in a normal credit trading environment. So we remain hopeful and optimistic that TRACE volumes will be active throughout the year. 
Richard McVey: I don't know that we've got the monthly numbers on the hit rate in front of us this morning, but it definitely was related to the environment. We have seen an uptick, as I mentioned earlier, in hit rates during the month of January. But we are not yet back to what we would consider a very healthy hit rate environment, which is where you see the MarketAxess hit rate tend to be somewhere around 75%. We are not back up to that level just yet. 
Richard McVey: Not really, nothing new to report, Niamh. But I think that the key message is that we continue to be very enthusiastic about the organic growth opportunities and confident in our capabilities to execute on those opportunities. So the Company's primary focus is on organic growth. No change. We do look at things and if we can find complementary acquisitions, we would be interested, but our primary focus is on organic growth. But as it relates to the dividend and our balance sheet, we do like a strong balance sheet for a whole host of reasons. And one of them is based on our ability to be opportunistic if the right acquisition does come along. 
Richard McVey: Yes, happy to. Actually, the fourth quarter, in terms of product development, was a very productive quarter for us. We have about 9 dealers streaming executable CDS index levels through MarketAxess now. We have been able to develop some new trading protocols around not just RQ, but streaming quotes and request for markets. We are getting clients to start trying the new functionality that we have available on the CDS system and we are working very hard on post-trade connectivity, and we have established most of the links that we need to the clearinghouses and the affirmation hub. So a lot of work has gone into it and a lot of work has gone into preparing to register and apply to be a SEF. With respect to trading volumes, it's still a small part of what we are doing. There's more activity over the last quarter, more clients and dealers participating, but it's still a very small part of what we are doing. And I think that there continues to be a lot of uncertainty about the regulatory outcome and what the final rules will look like. And I think that the CDS market is looking for more clarity before really starting to change their trading behavior in a larger way. 
Richard McVey: It's been a moving target and it's hard to say. I think, Niamh, it's exactly what I said in my prepared comments, that the CFTC has bucketed the SEF rules in the April and beyond category. We hear anecdotally that they have SEF rules in mind for the early part of that window, which would hopefully be this spring, but the market will need time before fully implementing those rules. And they have consistently talked about 180 days from rules being finalized to implementation dates. So I think, with respect to the big catalyst and the regulatory changes, yes, it would appear to us now that the best guess is that those rules will be implemented sometime around the end of this year. 
Richard McVey: Yes, I think it's all of the above, really. We are working very hard as always on promoting the benefits of electronic trading on MarketAxess to investors and dealers. On the investors’ side, I think the transaction cost analysis and the price improvement is making a big difference in the way they think about order flow coming into the MarketAxess system. We do still have some very large clients that do very little electronic trading. They are all on MarketAxess, but they are doing far less than their peers on average, so we are redoubling our efforts with them to get them to embrace the system more significantly. We also are using the TCA work to prove that price benefit applies not only to small trades but to larger trades as well to get investors more comfortable with moving their trade sizes up. Some of them sit in very small trade sizes electronically and are not even pushing the $5 million and under boundaries yet. So we think there's more we can do on moving the trade size up. And I think you should expect us to continue to be ambitious about expanding trading conductivity on the platform. These changes will continue to create new trading desks and new dealers and there's a lot of interest in using electronic trading to connect with more and more counter-parties and you should expect that to be part of our strategy going forward. 
Richard McVey: Yes, 2 good questions. Our primary focus continues to be the institutional customer to multi-dealer space and that is our focus in CDS, just like it is in bonds. I think it's quite possible that, over time, on the back of central clearing and more electronic trading, when you look at the most liquid swap contracts like the CDS indices, that there may be some blurring of those lines between the client-to-dealer and dealer-to-dealer space. But our primary focus is client-to-dealer and we think that market segmentation for the most part will remain in CDS much the way that it is today. 
Richard McVey: Sure, Patrick. You're right. That decline in fee capture really mix-driven and it doesn’t revolve around agencies and a little bit of CDS and I'll tell you one thing. Prospectively, I think we're going to give you a little more information, particularly on CDS or at least breaking out credit derivatives from the credit bonds that are traded, so that we take out some of that noise around fee capture. So when we plan on releasing volumes in all likelihood tomorrow, at that point in time we'll try and give a little more clarity on what's going on around CDS. But in terms of that decline, Q3 to Q4, mix-driven, the fee capture across the individual products, whether it was agencies, emerging markets, high-yield, individually did not change, but some change in the mix there. 
Richard McVey: We were really pleased, Patrick, with the growth across all 3 of those categories in 2011 and the trend seems to be in place that investors and dealers are doing more electronic trading across all credit products. So we would remain optimistic that there are growth opportunities in 2012 for all of those product areas. Having said that, the absolute level of volume is highest currently in agencies and as you know, that is where we have a lower fee capture due to lower bid offer spreads in the agency market. So I think that's something to watch that growth rates could be the same, but we would still be accumulating more volume in that category in the agency product. But certainly in the kind of environment that we've had in January, we are very optimistic about the electronic trading appetite for high-yield and EM as well. 
Richard McVey: It does. I don't think you should think of us in the dealer-to-dealer space as a primary competitor of the large inter-dealer brokers. We are trying to help our dealer clients address the balance sheet issues that they are currently facing. And there is a lot of demand to move $3 million in underline items off balance sheets more quickly than they have in the past. It really wasn't a priority 3 years ago for dealers to move those bonds off their balance sheet. If they could sell them, great. If not, they were happy to manage that risk and earn carry on those line items. The environment is very different now and they don't want to clutter their balance sheet with lots of small ticket line items in corporate bonds. And with about 55 or 60 dealers participating in high-grade and even more in our D-to-D initiative, allowing dealers to send lists and inquiries to each other so that those bonds can more quickly find a natural home and reduce overall balance sheets, is a service that we think fits these times very well with our dealers. We are seeing increased take-up, and we are, at their request, making some technology changes to be able to do more of that more efficiently. So we do think it's a new opportunity. It's a small piece of what we are doing today, but we think it's another sign that electronic connectivity can help dealers with the balance sheet constraints that they are currently confronting. 
Antonio DeLise: Sure. I'd be happy to. On that expense guidance - and again, in the prepared remarks, I mentioned that the midpoint was consistent with our five-year compound annual growth rate. And when we look at expenses, around 60% of our expenses consistently come from the compensation and benefits line. And that line, probably more than any other line in our income statement, that's where you're going to see the growth in expenses. It won't be an immediate growth beginning in the first quarter. There will be some ramp up throughout the year, but that is the single biggest line where you will see expense growth. The second biggest line where you are going to see expense growth is in the depreciation and amortization line. If you look at all of our other expenses, those are expected really to be flat. On the depreciation and amortization line, we do have some expenses there associated with our data center build out. Some of that depreciation will hit in 2012. And even when you look at our capitalized software development spend, particularly in 2011 and what we expect to capitalize in 2012, it is significantly higher than prior years. When that amortization starts rolling into our depreciation line, that's where you're going to see an uptick. So again, picking out the 2 individual line items, by far the bigger one will be the compensation and benefits line, and then second one down the road, depreciation and amortization. 
Antonio DeLise: Patrick, when looking at the comp and benefits line, there was definitely some noise around the bonus provision over the second half of the year. And I think what you've got to look at is the -that comp and benefits ratio for the full year 2011, which was around 32% or 33%.That's what we are looking at going forward, something in that range and then going down as our revenues accelerate. But think about that jumping-off point, you’re more consistent with the full-year comp and benefits ratio. 
Antonio DeLise: It's the first time we've had it, but I think, given what's going on the regulatory side and capital requirements and the Volcker rule, we should expect to see some movement here and going forward. And we had - in the prepared remarks, we referenced MF Global, certainly something nobody anticipated with that particular event. And then the 2 dealers now that are migrating off, they will migrate onto the all-variable plan. And there's pockets of liquidity that have been created post-crisis and there's changes in business models that occur and that's going to happen. Right now we have 27 dealers on the major plan. There will be some movement up and down, but Patrick, your observation is correct. It's the first time we've had it, so it does look a bit unusual here. 
Antonio DeLise: I think, on the fee capture side of it, quite honestly there's a lot of variables that go into fee capture. A lot of it has to do with duration, which is interest rate driven and years to maturity. There's the trade size that impacts it and then there's participation by dealers on the all-regional plan, or the all-variable plan. And looking forward from here, I think there's a good chance that that -the $190 per million that you saw in the fourth quarter, there’s a good chance of at least maintaining that, possibly going higher. The Fed recently signaled that they are going to keep interest rates at near 0 through 2014. Look at trading on our platform, years to maturity of the last several quarters and again here in January have been in that 8.5- to 9-year range. The yield curve has flattened a little bit here, but it's been more of the short and midterm range. So we are still anticipating this longer duration or years to maturity. And even on the trade size, there's some - we had some discussions here on the trade size coming down. That did impact us as well and it favorably impacted us with our fee plan. There's a couple of breakpoints that are - the smaller the trade size, the higher the fees. So we look at these factors. And Patrick, the one you pointed out with a couple of dealers migrating down, we think, near-term, that $190 per million we think is a pretty good number near-term. And it possibly could go higher if the all-variable dealers increase their participation. 
Antonio DeLise: Hugh, it’s Tony. On the buyback, we do expect the buyback to be completed over the next several months. And we’ve been active in the market since mid-December. We've got a program set up so it's running pretty much on autopilot. With that, if it's completed over the next several months and for arguments sake, let's say it's completed by the end of the first quarter, that full impact that I referenced you would see in the second quarter. 
Antonio DeLise: So, Hugh, on the - what I had talked about in the prepared remarks was distribution fees compared to the fourth quarter. And the impact in there, it's really twofold. It's one month of the European distribution fee reduction and then it's the impact of these 2 US dealers migrating down. 
Antonio DeLise: That's right. And Hugh, not that I'm trying to be cute with giving forward-looking information, but just if you take it one more quarter to the second quarter, we have the full impact of Europe, we have the full impact of the US dealer migrations. We would expect the distribution fees - again, if there's no other changes in our dealer community, we would expect a further $1 million reduction in distribution fees in the second quarter. So again, compared to the fourth quarter, what I mentioned in the prepared remarks, $1.2 million reduction in Q1 and then a further $1 million reduction in Q2. And again, if nothing else changes with our dealer composition, we would expect that to continue for Q2, Q3, Q4. 
Antonio DeLise: Hugh, on the incremental margins and maybe be more specifically on what the expectations are going forward, we were at 80% in 2011. There were some items driving that. I think we are more comfortable talking about what's happened over the last 5 or 6 years and that's been more in the 65% to 70% range. As I mentioned before, even when you look at our expenses going forward, the expense increase mainly comes from the compensation and benefits line, and that is controllable in large part. So I think we continue to target these incremental margins in that 65% to 70% range. If we can grow that top line revenue number, it's going to drive our overall margins higher. 
Antonio DeLise: Niamh, on the dividend, maybe I'll let Rick talk about the acquisition side of things. But on the dividend itself, we did have some initial targets there that we had expressed, which was that 2% to 2.25% yield and paying out around a third of our free cash flow. Share price quite frankly has taken care of that first item. Prior to making this - to adopting the increase here in the dividend, we are down around 1.2%.We got up to about 1.5% yield. I think more important than that, when the Board, when we are looking at dividends, this is our second consecutive annual increase. I think the more important thing to look at is what we are paying out in terms of either free cash flow or EPS now is around 30%, so it's pretty close to that target that we set up. And even looking at the combination now of the buyback and the dividends, we're going to pay out around 85% of free cash flow generation in the combination of those 2 items. It's - so I'd say that those initial targets are not hard and fast targets, but probably the more compelling item was around our payout ratio and again targeting that one-third payout ratio. 
Antonio DeLise: Michael, it's Tony. Yes they have and I don't have the statistics in front of me on the number of products traded by clients. I apologize for that. But yes, that is the case. Even when we look across each one of our products, we have more clients trading across each individual product quarter-over-quarter. And again I don't have those particular statistics in front of me, but that increase in client participation across each individual product is coming from our existing client base. 
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Okay. That's helpful. And then something you mentioned on the prepared remarks, you have 2 dealers migrating off of the major dealer plan and back onto the regional dealer plan. Can you give some more explanation? It's a somewhat unusual event for you guys. 
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: Okay. That segues very well into my last question before I jump back in the queue, which is, in Europe, you talked about having a 50% cost reduction for your monthly distribution fees. So is the goal behind that basically to prevent dealers from leaving because volumes are so slow? Is it to get more dealers to sign up? Is it to try to stimulate an increase in market share? I'm guessing you're going to say it's all of the above, but if you can talk through that, that would be helpful. 
Patrick O'Shaughnessy: A couple more follow-ups for you. The first is on your Other product group. Pricing was down a little bit sequentially in the fourth quarter. I apologize if you already spoke about that, but I assume that was just a function of product mix where you did more agencies and less relative in high-yield and emerging markets. And assuming that's the case, I was curious what your expectations are for 2012. 
Hugh Miller: I figured maybe I'd start off with a couple of housekeeping questions, one of which you mentioned the expected share count following the buyback, but I didn't catch when you expect that to be completed by. 
Hugh Miller: Okay. So if you net out the $450,000 - okay. So in other words, you just have to figure out the one-month from Euro, and then the remainder would be the change from the US high-grade. 
Hugh Miller: Okay, all right. You guys also mentioned in the prepared remarks about that you are seeing the meaningful benefit for investor execution for electronic relative to telephone-based. I was wondering if you could talk to us a bit about any quantifiable numbers that you are seeing on how much of an advantage electronic is relative to telephone-based trading. 
Hugh Miller: Okay, appreciate the insight there. And I guess, if you take a look at the slides, you do see obviously the hit rate in the fourth quarter was a bit lower than the third quarter. I know there was a particular softness in October, but was wondering if you could just provide us some color there on how the hit rate was at the end of the year in December, and any trends there that we are seeing into early '12. 
