Rick McVey: Good morning. And, thank you for joining us for the Third Quarter Earnings Call. Our earnings report this morning reflects a solid quarter in a trading environment remained challenging. Third quarter trading volumes of $347 billion were up 8% year-over-year. International client volume increased by 24% to $89 billion, and our emerging market product area experienced continued momentum with a 22% increase in trading volume. Open trading set a new record this quarter in client participation. Revenues for the third quarter were up 7% to $97 million. Expenses of $49.5 were up 13% due to ongoing investments in our business and expenses related to global regulatory changes. Diluted EPS of $0.90 was up 10%. Third quarter U.S. high-grade estimated market share TRACE increased to 17.2% from 16%. Slide four provides an update on market conditions. In the third quarter credit spreads continue to trend lower and spread volatility remained at historically low levels. U.S. credit inflows continue to be very strong due to global investor demand for yield. Like other credit market participants very low market volatility coupled with investors chasing scares fund create the difficult trading environment for our business. In like these market conditions we believe our business performed well during the quarter. Overall TRACE high-grade market volumes in Q3 were relatively flat year-on-year, while high-yield TRACE volumes were down to 7%. The lack of volatility in high-yield has led fewer trading opportunities for alternative market makers and EPS relative value players, both important client segments for our high-yield trading business. New issue activity remained strong as issuers refund to strong demand at historically low corporate bond yields. The combination of low market volatility and high new issuance increases investor focus on the new issue calendar. Slide five provides an update on open trading. Open trading volumes were $56 billion in the third quarter with average daily volume up 29% from the same period last year. Approximately 155,000 open trading transactions were completed in the third quarter, up 45% from 106,000 in Q3 2016. Liquidity providers or price makers on the platform drove a 51% increase in price responses in the third quarter. Liquidity takers saved an estimated $21 million in transaction costs through open trading on the system. Participants benefited from average transaction cost savings of approximately 2.1 basis points in yield when they completed a U.S. high-grade transaction through open trade protocols. When compared to our composite price, real-time midmarket estimated for corporate bonds, we believe the liquidity providers are achieving similar savings in transaction costs. Dealer initiated open trades reached a new high of 24% of all open trading volume in the quarter. Open trading is increasingly becoming an important distribution channel for dealers and their efforts to increase trading velocity and reduce balance sheet usage. Our vast network of investors and dealers operating an open trading provide an additive tool of liquidity for dealers to move bonds. In the third quarter, open trading accounted 37% U.S. high-yield volume, 15% U.S. high-grade volume, and 13% of emerging market volume. Slide six provides an update on our international progress. International client volumes were up 24% year-over-year driven by a 26% increase in the number of active clients to over 600 firms. All four of our core products continue to show solid growth in active trading clients. Emerging markets activity was especially strong during the quarter. Overall EM volume with international clients was up 38% and local market volumes were up 22%. We had approximately 900 firms globally trading EM during the quarter. We are encouraged by the momentum we see in EM in spite of benign market conditions. Our preparations for MiFID II are on schedule and we have reached multiple milestones to support our clients in meeting their regulatory obligations. MarketAxess [indiscernible] tracks has been granted approval by the U.K. FCA to operators in APA for trade publishing and as in ARM for transaction reporting. MarketAxess results are recently approved by the Monetary Authority of Singapore to operate as an RMO. This normally demonstrates our continued invest in the region, but also addresses clients demand by providing a new trading platform with a regulatory structure that meets the needs of our clients in Asia prior to MiFID II implementation. We expect the MiFID II reporting, transparency, and best execution obligations to drive greater demand for electronic trading and market data solutions. We have made significant investments in all three areas to help our clients with the upcoming regulatory changes. Now let me the call over to Tony for more detail on our financial results.
Rick McVey: Thank you, Tony. In spite of extremely difficult trading conditions, we are pleased with the growth we are seeing in many aspects of our business. We are investing more than ever in technology solutions for our clients to meet their regulatory and trading needs. The future opportunity in electronic trading for credit markets remains large and our competitive position has never been stronger. Now I would be happy to open the line for your questions.
Rick McVey: Thanks, Patrick. Today the retail segment has largely remained separate and apart from the institutional business that we operate and we don’t really see any changes to that dynamic. And, our Tradeweb acquisition of BondDesk four-five years ago as an example of where that business to this day remains largely retail business without much intersection into the institutional business. We have great respect for Japanese team at ISE and what they have been able to accomplish and we are sure that they’ve been thoughtful about the acquisition. I think our calculation in thought process for a variety of reasons was a little bit different and as Tony pointed we are very active in that segment of the market already and our share has been growing very rapidly in $250,000 under trade sizes. And, when we look at it today, our share of those trade sizes is greater than all of other retail ATS systems in the aggregate. And, what probably is less well known is that all of the retail market participants are now active on the MarketAxess System. The retail liquidity providers have been here for a long time given the Micro Lot institutional trading opportunities that we create for them and increasing the retail brokerage firms and wealth advisors are finding us. And, so a component of that business that’s been growing in 250 and it’s coming from retail market participants. And, in our view we continue to believe there are three key things to driving a successful marketplace, the liquidity providers in the vast network of available liquidity, order flow from liquidity takers, and technology. And, we feel very comfortable with our assets in that phase and the one change that we would need to make to have a more focused effort on retail is really on providing responses through streaming prices as opposed to our queue today. But we are very comfortable with where we sit in that part of the market and the beauty of our platform is that there are no boundaries, and we do see an increasing presence with retail clients on the MarketAxess System.
Rick McVey: Well, I think we’ve seen a lot Patrick as you know, you’ve been following us for many years, but we’ve seen various competitors come with new pricing schedules including zero pricing in some cases, we’ve seen them come with new protocols and new approaches, but what has proven to be the case through time is that our 17 years of very heavy investment in building our technology platform with a variety of trading protocols relevant to institutional investors. And, building the broadest network of liquidity providers and clients on our system has made it difficult for new entrance to come in to the space. And, there is no sign of that changing, I think all the competitive data that we picked up again during the third quarter demonstrates that we continue to be the strongest E-trading platform in credit markets and that our growth rates are extending that lead. And, I think what we worry is that we were not investing, if we were standing still and hoping to maintain our share based on what we have done in the past, I think that would be an enormous mistake. The reality is we’re investing more than anyone in the space by a wide margin. So, we continue to add client segments, we continue to add new products to our trade systems, we include, we continue to add new trading protocols. And, importantly we are investing very heavily in data tool for our clients. And, to me that investment is what gives me confidence, so we can continue to extend our competitive lead.
Rick McVey: Well sure, I’m happy to answer both of those. I think as you would expect, we are very interested in acquisitions they are going to add important clients to our platform or new product capabilities or new geographies. This deal really didn’t do any of those as I mentioned the retail clients are already on the MarketAxess System and we have the largest share of 250,000 an under trade sizes today. So, our calculation on this one was that this is a very modest add in terms of earnings accretion for our shareholders in a very full price. And, we think as we have in the past in this case by investing a bit more in technology in sales focused organically, we can achieve much better earnings accretion for our shareholders at a much lower cost. But we are playing a long game here, we think about where we want to be 5 or 10 years from now. We are wide open to acquisitions and anything that would really add technology products or clients to our trading systems that would be beneficial to our shareholders is something that we are - we continue to be very interested in. As we mentioned in the past, we don’t restrict ourselves to trading acquisition dealer, data analytics, and post trade services are also valuable to us. So, I think those are the kind of things that we think about as we look at potential acquisitions.
Rick McVey: Well, sure, like I said, we had a tremendous amount of focused effort. We’ve been gaining a lot of attraction in retail. And, we’re happy to put together more specific numbers, but the retail liquidity providers and increasingly the wealth advisors and retail brokerage firms are important part of the daily trade that takes place on MarketAxess, and that is why you see our share of 250,000 an under larger than anyone else by a wide margin. What we would need to do to compete directly with the retail ATS businesses is to convert what is now an institutional protocol which is highly competitive RFQ into a price stage for above which is a pretty straightforward change and add a bit more sales focused in terms of convincing retail market participants to take advantage of the pricing that’s on our system. And, the reason that we have the largest share in the $250,000 an under trade segment is because we have the best places in that space and that is why the most price competitive clients in the world use MarketAxess for micro lots and I am highly confidence as we focus more on this we have an organic opportunity to continue to expand our retail business.
Rick McVey: We are happy with the growing participation that we see in open trading, but there is no doubt that the market environment has an impact on those growth rates as it does for our overall business. And, I think when the time was out for open trading is going to really show its value to our clients as we move from an environment that is heavily one way with investors looking to add bonds especially in U.S. credit to a two way market where investors and dealers are both looking for alternative sources of liquidity. And, this is far from a normal secondary market environment that we are dealing in right now. But when we see the participation numbers continue to grow for both dealers and investors in open trading, we think we’re positioning the business very well for the future in terms of being an extremely valuable source of liquidity when the market conditions change.
Rick McVey: On the revenue side Chris, I think we are well advantage or well position to take the advantage of the changes taking place primarily through MiFID II, first of course our track status business should benefit from the increase in regulatory reporting obligations for both dealers and investors and given the clients option of tractions, the reporting mechanism, we do anticipate the reporting revenues will be higher beginning in January of next year. Secondly our data products are doing well and a lot of that generates from tracks data products and its clients are really required to think more specifically about that execution and transaction costs data and the critical component of that analysis. And, then finally on the trading side, clearly their advantage is for investors and dealers to trade on regulated trading venues built into MiFID II, and we would continue to expect that our trading activity will grow on a regulated trading venues, and we think we are already seeing signs of that as our growth rates in trading volume with European clients are currently outpacing growth rates elsewhere in the world. So, we really think we will benefit from all three sides of our business from an increase in electronic trading adoption from growing regulatory reporting revenue and then from a bigger base of revenue coming out of our data products.
Rick McVey: Sure. Our concern is that the regulatory reporting requirements are so onerous that any client that does not need to be captured within the MiFID II environment will choose to operate outside of it. And, you see some signs of that already with client segments that are not directly in the EU. So, I think that’s a view that we had set out, I don’t think it necessarily changes the amount of trading that clients will do within European fixed income or emerging markets which are very active within the European region, but any client can avoid the obligations that are built into MiFID II is working pretty hard right now to do so. And, the point of letters, the reporting obligations in our thing, our acceptance, trade-by-trade reporting requirement is 75 PLs [ph] is something that we have never seen and we are working very hard to tracks to make that easiest possible for our customers. But I think anyone would acknowledge that, that is a significant burden for institutional investors that have thousands of transactions for day in many cases.
Rick McVey: That’s an open question right and I think global asset managers are grappling with that right now, if they run a global portfolio and unfortunately it’s in Europe, do they need to adopt MiFID II standards for the entire portfolio or just for the component that’s in the Europe? And, I think every firm has a slightly different view and opinion on that. But I think it’s safe to say it’s having implication beyond just Europe. The primary areas we are focused right now, is not an area we deal directly - the whole area about dealer research. So, there is a ripple effect going on beyond Europe. Most of the activities that were involved within Europe as clients get ready to comply with the new reporting requirements, the new best set requirements and fulfill all of their obligations that are built into MiFID II.
Rick McVey: We have - it’s part of the growing success that we are having small tick sizes is that the growth in ALGOS is significantly increasing, the price responses for smaller trades. And, most of that activity that is fully electronic from the ALGOS is 500,000 an under trade sizes in corporate bonds. But we’ve definitely seen an increase number of ALGOS that are live and that work on the MarketAxess System and we are aware more that are coming, and I think it’s very positive development for the small ticket business and corporate bonds because the clients will see more pricing and more competition on the back of those investments.
Rick McVey: I think relative to anything you see in the trades, any growth right now is good growth; it’s not a normal environment by any means. And, I think you can look back at previous periods and see when credit spread volatility this benign, you do get flatter growth rates that when credit expense are more accrual especially when they’re arising and we have reached the level in credit spreads where I would suggest that the next big move is going to be wider spreads, because we are now at levels that where spreads do not normally go any lower, the key question is when that starts to happen. These are great growth rates in this kind of environments, because I mentioned in the past was so exciting about it is we are putting global EM marketplace together that includes all major currencies in the markets external debt and local markets, clients are embracing the platform in all regions we’ve had great growth and new clients coming on board in Asia, new clients coming on board in Latin America. And, technology on MarketAxess has no boundaries, so the ability for EM market participants around the world to trade with each other is not only creating efficiency it’s lowering transaction costs. And, I think when you look around your community Rich, the companies that you cover and compare our EM growth rate this quarter to everything else is going on, we look exceptionally good. And, the nice thing is it’s only the beginning because by our reckoning when we try to patch together the market opportunity in EM as well as we are doing, we still think we are high single digits in overall market share of what takes place in EM. So, there is a tremendous opportunity there, the breadth of client participation, the activity that we are seeing, the breadth of markets that are being traded on the system, all gives us great confidence that this is going to be a long term growth area from MarketAxess.
Rick McVey: Absolutely yes, it’s clear given the adoption of the retail client segment on our platform that there is more reason for us to invest in those modest technology changes now than ever before. But you’re right it’s all about prioritization, right? And, when you look inside the retail market in U.S. credit and you look at trade, Rich, what you will see is the total market share trades in $250,000 an under trades is about 5% of trades. So, we’ve been focusing on the 95% of the market, the retail communities operating in the 5% of the market space. Furthermore, when you look at the retail ATS business today is almost entirely D-to-D business, these are retail brokerage firms and retail market makers trading with each other, so it’s in the D-to-D space and if you look at $250,000 trade sizes an under D-to-D you’re down to about 2% Trace volume. So, that is why our priorities have been building and investing technology for the larger part of the market and for our institutional clients, but because our liquidity is so good in $250,000 an under trades, the retail client segment has been increasingly finding MarketAxess and trading on MarketAxess. So, the pricing here is here and it’s a matter of us converting that into what retail brokerage firms were used to which is price based trading rather trade based trading and we are optimistic that those are the changes that we can make and grow our participation that segment even further.
Rick McVey: I think the majority of it is a former, we have always been an important venue for the retail market makers because of the Micro Lot trading that our institutional investors cannot conduct on the platform, so there are many, many trading opportunities for those market makers throughout the day on the platform and that has been a key source of liquidity for us in small tickets. The ETF are increasingly getting involved in that space and it’s been a growth area over the last year or two, but I would say that there is a much bigger participation today on the platform in those trade sizes from traditional retail market makers.
Rick McVey: I think the answer to that is yes, we are very pleased to get 10 major high-yield dealers embracing the new fee plan, it’s obviously a fee model that scales well for them, in the sense to do more volume on the system and anecdotally that’s the feedback that we are getting. And, the new fee plan obviously includes benefits for our clients and liquidity takers as well, because the variable fee is roughly half of where we had been prior to change. So, we think it’s a better fee model all around and there is no doubt in our mind that the major dealers are happier with this plan and willing to support future growth in high-yield.  The quarter in high-yield, the big difference is, it doesn’t really have anything to do with traditional institutional investors or major dealers, it’s just that the players that drive on high-yield volatility are very quite right now. And, all the ETF are - that are very active trading the shares versus the bonds, those trading opportunities right now are very limited and you can see a significant drop-off in their activity, not just here, but Patrick if you look at each share trading in the major high-yield funds, ETF funds, you will also see significant drop-offs in HYG, J and K, share trading, and that’s really the story of this quarter of our high-yield business.
Rick McVey: Just a follow-up on that Chris is that, I think what you see in our European business is indicative of what’s going on broadly, on the back of the ECB quantitative easing that now and it has over the last 18 months included corporate bond purchases, Eurobond spreads are at all time low levels, and European institutional investors are trading more in EM and U.S. credits than they are in Euros. So, what you see for us overall is the European business is growing very well, but the product that are invoke and trading activity because of the demand for yield among European investors or EM and U.S. credit products not Euros. And, it’s quite possible that tomorrow might see beginning of a change in ECB quantitative easing policies, the market is awaiting their announcements on what they intend to do, but it would be a significant change if the ECB stops buying corporate bonds and storing them away on the balance sheet in terms of more trading opportunities going back to the private market and to institutional investors versus what we’ve been dealing with over the last 18 months.
Rick McVey: They are totally hooked up to other people. That is broad trading risk and analytic solution not just for BlackRock for all of their Aladdin clients. And, so they are connected to many different trading venues as you would expect, they are serving their clients by ensuring that they’re making best efforts to always find the best price for their clients. And, as you know, they are highly confidence that when it comes to global credit card that they continue to believe that MarketAxess is delivering a great liquidity, great pricing, and efficient integration with the Aladdin System.
Tony DeLise: Yes, Chris, I’ll give you some sense on the expense side and then we’ll have Rick cover a little bit on the revenue side. We are occurring additional expenses this year, this is not only what you see in the professional consulting line, what you saw that in the third quarter, the majority of that uplift year-over-year professional consulting and the majority of the uplift from the second quarter to third quarter had to do with planning on MiFID II embraced it and establishing new trading venues and other jurisdictions and responding to all these real changes, but there was an additional expenses this quarter in particular, we expect some of the expenses to recur, some of them are non recurring, but chunk of that will recur. And, other piece which is more technology related, we’ve had to do some things to respond to the evolving regulation that has become Arm and APA register and it’s somewhere around $4.5 million this year that we have incurred this has been capitalized once MiFID II goes live, we will start to amortizing those costs over a three year period, but that’s another addition to the - the item that hit the expense line, you’re also seeing about $4 million-$4.5 million in capitalized costs as well, some of that can recur, some of that will - as the landscape changes here, we registered more jurisdictions and we are meeting clients need across the globe, you will see an increase in expenses like that.
Tony DeLise: So, Chris at the Eurobond side, if you recall in the second quarter earnings call, we had some comments that we’re probably in revisit to couple of elements of the fee and there were some concern that some of the dealers had raise on various specific components. In September we did make some adjustments to some very specific components all around, Europe high-yield, we actually reduced the fees and looked consistent with our market fee in our new high-yield plan in the U.S. We also made some changes to long data paper, but were weren’t see a lot of tracks and so, we had made those changes, again what Rick said on high-yield is just the macro environment is sort of dominating the landscape right now. So, it’s hard to say they had the medium impact, but we do expect that these changes have limited to some of that noise around specific components around the plan.
Tony DeLise: Yes, I’m sorry Chris, on the block market share it was very consistent what you saw on the second quarter which was right around 9%. So, when you recall it, we talked about this on the second quarter call, it was around 7% last year for the full year, 8% Q1, and the last two quarters have been right around 9%.
