Rick McVey: Thanks Tony. We are encouraged by the trends evident in our business during the second quarter. Investors and dealers are using market access for a growing proportion of their secondary trading needs, new open trading solutions are providing a much neat expansion of the secondary liquidity pool. We see many opportunities that had in this new regulatory environment to serve our clients with innovative technology solutions for pre-trade data trade execution and post-trade reporting and matching. Now I would be happy to open the line for your questions.
Rick McVey: No real change. We are seeing growing adaption of the Axess All real time trade tape by both dealers and investors and have some plans in the coming quarter to deliver that through API which will make it even more efficient for our clients. We do see consistent and growing demand for all of our volume products which made sense that dealers are trying to determine on a more quantitative basis, the likely demands for bonds that they may be making markets in and clients are trying to better measure liquidity in their portfolios. So we are seeing very good growth around the volume products within the tracks data.
Rick McVey: Not really. We're pleased with the results that we had in the second quarter there was a modest shift in the product mix traded by the European clients on the MarketAxess system. But the 44% volume gained year over year, it feels like a very good progress to us and the number of clients that are engaged in using the system each month and each quarter continues to grow. So, it really feels like we are on the right track. With respect to competition, we haven't seen anything terribly new from the incumbents they are forming new platforms in Europe as you are aware, just like we see in the US but we are not really aware that if those new platforms gaining any significant traction.
Rick McVey: Sure, its hardly tell really because we are in a such early gates of open trading in Europe. We are seeing growing adoption from European client they trade US high grade highly over emerging markets products which was consistent with the pattern that we’ve seen in the US. With respect to Eurobond, its very early gate because we just really launched open trading about three months ago and more appliances are documenting with MarketAxess each week in order to be able to utilize those tools and the anecdotal feedback were getting is very positive because you probably say in the past that look [indiscernible] even more challenge in Europe then it in the US but it still difficult to make a comparisons directly given the early stages that we are in Europe. 
Rick McVey: We’re hearing consistently from the large investors that they’re meeting more regularly with regulators. And to talk about liquidity stress testing within their portfolios and basically what the regulators are trying to better understand is whether investment manager have sufficient liquidity in their portfolios to meet various redemption scenarios. Our census this is very early stages by take it’s at a great sign of the regulators are spending so much sign in the industry participants to better understand those trends. And we see investor managers taking a variety of steps to be prepared for any redemption scenarios from adding liquidity to their portfolios to using electronic trading to our greater extend which is closely reflecting in our market share gains. There are sign that they are using ETFs more actively more actively as it liquidity to its portfolios setting up back stop lines so there are brightest stuff that we know investor managers are taking to make sure that they do have sufficient liquidity in their portfolios to meet potential redemptions. 
Rick McVey: It’s a little bit above. We are seeing block trades crossing unnecessary client to client but capturing in open trading with non-traditional liquidity providers and we’re are seeing more electronic increase from investors and block trades sides that they are going to the deals. And quite also we consistently we see that the price responses or even better and in block trade increase and what we’ve seen in round like that odd lines. So, if we have suddenly and peer to ask that the liquidity advantage and that reduction and transaction process equally relevant for clients trading on blocks, blocks are market access. That it is for smaller trade sectors. 
Rick McVey: Yeah, Mike. Right now on the block trading and this is where we defining it as over 5 million in trade size. Yes, its right around [indiscernible] standard. So, I think, I cost normally because we have just continuing reporting around that if you listen to way which condition remain 40 shares around 8%. That’s is, it is a growing consistent with the growth in market share across our other size but it which quick mention in the prepared remarks and buckets, which Rick mentioned in the prepared remarks. And I'm just opening up a sheet right now. If you look back over the past four years, block trading market share has more than doubled over the past four years. There's been a consistent growth in block trading. We're doing better there. We think we have protocols to address trading in larger trade sizes, you know, the bigger piece of what we're doing today.
Rick McVey: I mentioned in my prepared remarks Mike that block trade year-over-year, trade count was up about 35%, so we're gaining share at slightly faster pace in blocks than what you see overall in high grade.
Rick McVey: Sure. I think that it's the consistent theme whether you're talking to large dealers or large investor is that, they believe that some delay of reporting of the largest blocks would be helpful in secondary liquidity for large block trades. I have voiced support for that. If you look at trade sizes over $10 million in high grade corporate bonds, the transactions are only about 300 trades per day or about 1% of TRACE trade. And if it would help the market with secondary liquidity it has some delay to allow market participants to manage their risk on those very large trades. I think that would be a positive step for the industry. It doesn’t really sacrifice the positive steps that have been made in transparency in the U.S. markets by FINRA through TRACE because 99% of the trades would still presumably be reported in real-time. Quite honestly the theme was consistent as I mentioned between dealers and investors, but as you would expect the regulators have plenty of questions about how that would impact market knowledge of what's taking place through the day, volume and various securities, pricing in securities, end of day closing prices et cetera. So I don’t think that there'll be any quick changes on this but it is one of the topics being discussed in terms of how the regulators may be able to contribute to better secondary market liquidity.
Rick McVey: I think the institutional market is struggling with bandwidth. There are so many new entrants trying to get client adoption and just in the early stages of even signing up clients that I think both investors and dealers are struggling with the bandwidth to embrace many as any of the new platforms. And as I mentioned in the past it's not an easy decision. I think people have to assess the liquidity benefits of any platform, but then they have to work through legal agreements, they have to think about the clearing on the platform, they have to go through technology due diligence, they have to ultimately get either their trade capture system or their OMS connected to the platform. So this is not a quick decision and as a result those platforms that have no trading activity and limited connectivity today, I think are having the hardest time with that adoption given the number of new entrants in the market.
Rick McVey: I think it's difficult for us to comment on what their strategy might be. It’s from a technology standpoint it's relatively straight forward, should they choose to increase the number of dealers that investors can access on any electronic enquiry. The far more difficult piece in my opinion is moving towards open trading all to all which is something that we’ve been investing in for many years and continue to invest in heavily every quarter. So simply a change around the number of dealers is fairly straight forward but the next step is undoubtedly a bigger one.
Rick McVey: I actually think the growth in ETFs has been positive for market liquidity. It's a standardized form of being able to trade at basket or index of bonds can be traded either in shares or the APs and the dealer of the trading, the underlying assets; so we see it as a positive contributor. The ETF business continues to take inflows at a very healthy clip, so the assets are growing. And I think the only way that changes is if there is a material increase in interest rates or default rates that are far in excess of what we’ve observed over the last three or four years, neither one of the which seems all that likely in the near term. And we see open trading is a piece of the very positive evolution of ETF's secondary market liquidity. You see the APs active in our open order book every day. So they have more volumes and more trade opportunities to manage. There are business and provide liquidity that's critical to the functioning of the ETF market than they ever have before. So we see this is a real positive and it certainly is becoming a bigger and bigger part of what we see on the trading system and also in open trading.
Rick McVey: Have to be -- the only, so that other credit category, it is depended on the mix shift within those three products. And you are right, there is some dynamic even among the products. And so the only one that has been noticeable has been in emerging markets where our volume is a combination of emerging markets sovereign bonds and emerging market corporate bonds, and what we’ve seen over the past year has been a shift towards sovereign bonds, so that having you waiting for sovereign bonds for us. That means that the fee capture is lower on sovereign bonds versus corporate bonds. So we have seen a decline in that particular part, we have seen a decline of somewhere around a 10% in the fee capture on that particular product. Again that's also to do with the mix within it not the retained pricing plan.
Rick McVey: We don't break it out specifically with open trading, but we’ve said in the past that the fee capture for open trading is similar to the fee capture for traditional clients as dealer trading and as I said this morning, it represents roughly 10% of our activity in the U.S. products currently.
Rick McVey: I think it represents almost entirely incremental liquidity on the platform, which is one of the factors that I am convinced is driving our order flow and our market-share up and faster pace. These are non-traditional counterparties that are meeting in the open trading order book and when two parties can find a natural match in the open order book, it is driving really important transaction cost savings to both parties. So this is incremental liquidity, it's new counterparties, it's adding to the secondary market ecosystem. And the best news in my opinion is that we are still in very early inning. As I mentioned the participation rates are growing, but we still see about 30% of our traditional assets management clients that are actively participating in open trading, but most of the rest are telling us that they are doing the work so that in future quarters they too can take advantage of the trading opportunities within the open order book.
Tony DeLise: Two questions there on tax service and then information on post-trade. The first one on tech service if that revenue line item, it was combination of professional services where we are project managing for companies in our space there are some software licensing and maintenance in support all of the net tech services line item, its not a big piece of our revenue plan and today really not a core emphasis report area, this is for us. We did have one, we’ve mentioned in our prepared remarks one engagement in the second quarter, we were using contractors to deliver much of that engagement that's one of the reason you see decline in professional and consulting fee. And prospectively I mentioned that we are tapered -- that line item will be somewhere around $500,000 per quarter in the near-term. Quite frankly we are probably going to vary that line item in other income building or it is just not of the year event. And -- one more thing to note on that, this is not a high margin product or business for us even though with the decline we did not have a material impact on earnings. And you could see where our focus is, we are focused today on our core opportunity credit -- right now. So that handles the fact services piece. You did have that information in post trading. If you are thinking about the year-over-year, the year-over-year gains, it was excluding foreign currency was about 3% year-over-year. But when you take a deeper dive on that one, we had two areas within information for post trade about 40% of our revenue is post trade reporting and matching that is very much tied to market volume about 60% today is in data products. And when you look at year-over-year, adjusting for foreign currency it's up about 3%. That does not tell the whole story, because when we look at data revenue in local currency or excluding the impact of foreign currency, data revenue is up about 17% year-over-year, much of that was from our -- where we are delivering new data products market and liquidity products, where we saw the decline in information post trade was in post trade services tied to market volumes when you look at overall Eurobond equity market volumes in that region, it was down year-over-year. So it maps a little bit -- the improvement in data revenues maps a little bit by the decline in post trade volume.
Tony DeLise: On the capital management and on the cash; the first part of your question in support of open trading; we do feel that we have adequate capital today to support what we are doing in open trading. And just as a reminder what we are doing in open trading, does not affect the regulatory capital, but we are cautiously holding excess capital in our regulated businesses to support the open trading initiative. And we are comfortable with that cash position today, given the level of activity. We do think having a healthy capital -- clients or counterparties is comfortable with taking credit. So in terms of the amount of cash we do believe we have enough to support our business.  Right now, our capital management is also dividends and buybacks where we are active on that front. We have an active dividend program in place we have been consistently paying out about a third of our free cash flow in earnings, we are increasing that dividend as pre cash flow and earnings increased. If they top it with the board every quarter on the level of that dividend, and right now, yes we have more flexibility with that cash position growing but right now we are staying with course on the dividend side and I'll tell you on the other side, its the same story where we have a researchers' plan in place. Its serving the purpose of offsetting a delusion from employee equity grants. We are staying on course right now with that dividend program we already have more flexibility. Its an ongoing target with the board meeting and staying on course for the time being with that researchers' plan.
Tony DeLise: Yes, on the high yield side, it did taper off as you pointed out throughout the quarter. You know we look at some volatility specific. It looks like volatility has dipped down during the quarter. In fact, we're seeing in July, we are seeing high yield volume down high yield trade volume is down from the second quarter level. It's not down appreciably and it is up compared to July 2014. You know, so if we look at volatility there is an impact there but not an appreciable year over year change. At least, that's what we are seeing so far in July.
Tony DeLise: You know, really nothing to speak of. There may have been a slight steep in of the yield curve. You know, that doesn't always have to serve its [indiscernible] immediately and directly in client trading behavior. That changed sequentially lately, the $8 per million change. It mentioned that it was a slight increase in yield and a slight decline in years to maturity. Those years to maturity is still within the post crisis range of bond to our traded platform. It was still close to 8 years and not a big change there.
