Rich Schiffman: Thanks, Chris. On Slide 9, we highlight the expansion of our trading business across geographies, products and protocols. We generated strong growth in international client trade volume and trade count in the second quarter. Trade volume was up 12% versus last year, with a three-year CAGR of 12%. The trade count was up 14% versus last year, with a three-year CAGR of 22%. A key driver of this strength was strong growth in emerging markets trading ADV, up 23% year-over-year, driven by a 26% increase in hard currency and a 17% increase in local currency trading ADVs. We are also seeing strong contributions from growing client segments, including hedge funds, systematic funds, dealer-initiated flow and private banks. We generated $230 billion in trading volume, up 25% from these important client segments, which now represent 26% of our total credit trading volume up from 24%. We are also seeing strong product diversification in municipal bonds with record estimated market share of 7.4%, up from 5.4% in the prior year. We expect the soon to be available additional liquidity from ICE TMC to support further market share growth. We now have the top 10 largest municipal dealers signed up for tax-exempt and taxable trading on our platform. Slide 10 provides an update on Open Trading, our market-leading all-to-all liquidity pool. Open Trading ADV was $4 billion, and share of total credit volume was 34%, in line with the prior year. Open Trading generated strong growth in trade count, up 18% from the prior year. Hedge fund trade activity has continued to expand on our platform with ADV of $1.6 billion in the quarter, up 28% from the prior year. A record 204 hedge funds provided liquidity through Open Trading in the quarter, a 5% increase from the prior year. Lower volatility and lower price dispersion in the market continues to reduce the price improvement opportunity in Open Trading, as shown on the lower left of this slide. Open Trading continues to be the largest single source of secondary liquidity in the U.S. credit markets, driven by our diverse liquidity pool. Adoption of our automation suite of products continues to grow, as shown on Slide 11. We experienced another quarter of strong growth in automation trade volume and record trade count, with three-year CAGRs of 29% and 39%, respectively, and a record 248 active automation client firms. Automation trade volume now represents 10% of our total credit volume and a record 27% of total credit trade count. There were 10 million algo responses from dealers, an increase of 38% year-over-year. Now, let me turn the call over to Ilene to review our financial performance.
Rich Schiffman: Yes. Yes. Thanks, Chris. So yes, we’re really excited about this one because it’s complementary liquidity pools. So it’s a great way for us to bring some of that more odd lot liquidity that’s a specialty for ICE TMC to our institutional clients. And as Chris said, we heard from them that - our clients, that they love our institutional workflow, the ability to RFQ and do list and have it processed very efficiently back into those systems, but they wanted to get the odd lot of what we call micro lot liquidity, especially under 100 bonds in size that TMC is really a specialist in. So this allows us to bring it all together for our clients through Open Trading. So they don’t have to do anything different. They don’t have to go anywhere else. They just put their inquiries into our system, their orders the way they always have, but now they get access to this expanded liquidity pool. So it’s a great combination. It will be interesting in corporates as well. I mean that’s, of course, a much stronger area for us, but as we have introduced investment grade trading on price, which is very attractive to private banks, this is another area where some of that retail liquidity can flow through to our institutional clients.
Rich Schiffman: Yes. Caveat to comment also with three days, and of course, we look closely yesterday about what was going on and when you see the market getting that choppy, that’s where the relative importance of liquidity versus workflow starts to tip the balance. And unsurprisingly, when we looked at, say, OT numbers for yesterday, just to give some color, on a day like yesterday, we see OT up around 50% of liquidity provision and in comp activity, IG and high yield, that’s well above averages that we typically see. I’m not going to say that, that’s sustainable throughout a month, but it is indicative about what happens when you get into a higher vol environment and our clients start to think a lot more about, how do I get the best pricing on this trade? How do I make sure I get responses for what I need to trade versus am I in the most efficient workflow in doing a PT, for example. It doesn’t mean PTs go away, obviously. But on a relative basis, you see this shift back to a protocol where the pricing matters a lot more than in calm waters [ph].
Rich Schiffman: Yes. Kyle, I was just going to add to this because you asked which one, it’s really important that we pursue both of these strategies. And I think what clients gravitate to is going to be a function of what’s going on in the market. So if the markets are relatively calm and the dealers are flushed with capital and they’re making markets in large size and taking down risk, in our high-touch solutions through X-Pro where we’re giving advice on where a client should go with those orders is a great way to trade it. But if we end up in a much choppier market, and we’ve seen this time and again in the past where the dealers have tended to back off in terms of liquidity positioning and risk positioning, I should say. And that’s a great opportunity then for clients to use our algo solutions, and it makes it very easy for them to leave a resting order in the market and wait till other clients and other risk takers in the market come to them, whether that’s through responding to RFQs or someone engaging directly with that party. So both solutions are being pursued, and we’re kind of positioning ourselves to be successful with this regardless of what the market conditions are.
Rich Schiffman: Yes. Thanks, Alex. It’s Rich. And yes, this was really about putting out the liquidity to make sure that clients stay with us and keep their orders here. As I mentioned earlier, they like the workflow. It’s very effective for an institutional investor to come in. But the request we were getting is like, well, we don’t want to have to go to another platform to get liquidity, especially on the smallest trades. And that’s where ICE TMC comes in. Now, they can just come to MarketAxess and they can get all of their trades done. So for us, it was very attractive in being able to keep clients on our platform regardless of the size that they’re looking to trade. With regard to the economics, it’s pretty straightforward. It’s each of our platforms, we make money on the trades. Open Trading transaction fees and ICE has their fee model for when they’re trading and the respective platforms are able to collect the revenue themselves. So there’s not a payment going one way or the other. It’s taken out of a markup and best price wins if the level that comes back net of the fees coming across from TMC into MarketAxess, and that will be at the top of the stack, and that’s where the investor will trade. And otherwise, it might be coming directly from one of our liquidity providers on the system. So it’s pretty straightforward when it comes to the economics. The last part was about, you asked about connecting to other venues. I’d say we’re always open to connecting when there’s unique liquidity available that we can bring to our clients. That’s really the driver for this. Is it going to be additive to the platform? If there’s another venue that has the same liquidity sources that we already have, then there’s not really much to add in that way.
Rich Schiffman: Yes. Hi Eli, it’s Rich. Yes, I mean, it’s really up to our friends over at ICE. We’re connecting in. Right now, I believe that they have not combined their two retail entities. The other one was BondPoint. So it’s possible we could connect directly into that one as well. But ultimately, I think that will be coming together and we’ll connect via the existing pipes that we have. So it’s definitely going to be something we’re going to be doing. Again, it’s not just from munis, it’s for corporates as well. So if they’ve got the additional liquidity on their other venue, I’m sure that’s one that will tee up in the near future.
Ilene Fiszel Bieler: Thank you, Rich, and thank you, Chris, for those kind remarks. I cannot be more excited about the opportunity ahead for MarketAxess. Turning to our results. On Slide 13, we provide a summary of our second quarter financials. We delivered revenue of $198 million, up 10% from the prior year. These results include $8 million from the Pragma acquisition. Looking at each of our revenue lines in turn. This was the second highest level of quarterly commission revenue generation with only 1Q 2024 being higher for commission revenue. Record information services revenue of $13 million was up 8%. The increase was driven by new contracts as we continue to experience strong adoption across our data product suite, especially CP+. Post-trade services revenue of $10 million was up 10%. The largest driver of other income was an increase in interest income due to the favorable interest rate environment, which contributed $6 million of interest income across our investment portfolio and cash holdings up from $5 million. This was partially offset by a $1 million net foreign currency transaction loss. The effective tax rate was 24.8%, and we reported diluted earnings per share of $1.72. On Slide 14, we provide more detail on our commission revenue and our fee capture. Total commission revenue was $172 million, representing an increase of $13 million or 8% for the quarter. The increase in credit commission revenue was due to solid growth across emerging markets, up 22%, U.S. high grade, up 4%, and Eurobonds, up 11%. Growth across these product areas was partially offset by lower estimated market share and high yield. The reduction in total credit fee capture from the prior year was driven principally by product and protocol mix, specifically lower high-yield activity and increased portfolio trading. The decline in fixed distribution fees was driven principally by the consolidation of two global banks trading desk operations and migrations to variable fee plans, partially offset by the addition of new dealer fixed fee plans. Turning to Slide 15. We provide a summary of our operating expenses. Second quarter operating expenses of $116 million included $8 million from Pragma. We are well underway in integrating the high-performing Pragma technologists into the DNA of our organization, and we are leveraging their expertise to drive many of our strategic priorities that Chris highlighted earlier. Based on the timing of expenses through the first half of the year and the incremental cost we are expecting in the back half of the year, we now expect our full year 2024 expenses to come in slightly below the low end of the previously stated range of $480 million to $500 million. On Slide 16, we provide an update on our capital management and cash flow. Today, we are announcing that our Board has approved a new share repurchase program of $200 million. This is in addition to the $50 million that remains under our existing share repurchase program for a total current aggregate outstanding authorization of $250 million. We repurchased 243,000 shares for a total of $50 million year-to-date through July 2024. The new Board authorization reflects the Board’s confidence in the performance and outlook of the company, and is a clear indicator of the company’s willingness to repurchase shares more opportunistically, going beyond just offsetting annual dilution from stock-based compensation. During the trailing 12 months, as of second quarter 2024, we paid out approximately 59% of our net income through quarterly dividends and share repurchases. We had no outstanding borrowings under the credit facility. Balance sheet continues to be strong with cash, cash equivalents and corporate bond and U.S. treasury investments totaling $559 million as of June 30. We generated $298 million in free cash flow over the trailing 12 months as an increase of about 21% over last quarter. We believe we are striking the right balance of investing to drive future growth, while at the same time being disciplined stewards of capital. Now let me turn the call back to Chris for his closing comments.
Ilene Fiszel Bieler: Sure. Thanks so much for the question, Benjamin. We really look to strike the right balance, right, between everything that you’re saying. Obviously, growth is incredibly important to us, and you’ve seen us really invest for growth, right? You’ve seen that over the course of the last two years. And I think you’re starting to see some of the success from those investments. And some of that success actually, these are not mutually exclusive in terms of concepts, right? If you think about what happened with expenses for instance, to your point, this quarter, I would put those into two different categories, two different pockets of success, right? One of them is that we’ve seen some efficiencies coming through from some of those investments. And you can really see that with - like a good example is the Pragma acquisition, right? So that’s something that we did for both growth and efficiency and really being able to leverage that technology. If we go into sort of expenses again, I’m happy to kind of go into more detail here. I’m sure some folks have some questions about this as well. But if you look at sort of - Chris also talked about some really important hires, right, that have not yet come on and they’re not yet in our run rate from an expense perspective. We expect, if you think about sort of other things to drive growth in the back half of the year, that we would see maybe another $10 million in timing of expenses that are not in the current run rate. And so that includes things like marketing expense, T&E, things like that, and so those are - as well as some more technology expense. So you can see in the way I’m answering this that these are not mutually exclusive concepts, right? You can run a disciplined, efficient organization while you are investing in driving growth. And I think that’s really our focus on our plan.
Ilene Fiszel Bieler: Thanks so much for the question. Yes. I mean I would say that if you think about capital optimization, right, and how we look at it and really driving value for our shareholders with capital optimization, I don’t know that - I would say that there’s a change necessarily. I would start by saying that the new authorization really does reflect, as I said in my comments, the Board’s confidence in the future performance of the company and our ability to generate cash, right, as we continue to execute on the strategy that Chris and the team have been talking about. And we really are a pretty strong cash-generative model, and that does allow us to continue to fund growth, right, to self-fund growth, make investments, et cetera. And really, what this is about is flexibility, right? There’s no exploration on this authorization. So it gives us the ability to opportunistically be in the market and buyback when it makes the most sense for our shareholders, right, in terms of we’re going to obviously continue to return capital to shareholders through dividends, buybacks opportunistically. But if you think about kind of the overall hierarchy, our focus continues to be to reinvest in the business, right? We really want to drive that long-term opportunity that we see in the fixed income market. We’re going to continue to look at bolt-on acquisitions, similar to Pragma that we’ve been talking about that allow us to take technology and leverage it across the tech stack, which is going to enhance our capabilities, add to efficiency. And then we would - and I would say it’s really important. One thing I would say about utilizing that cash and balance sheet in that way is that it’s really important to do this with the expected amount of rigor and discipline, and that’s really important. And third, we’ll continue to return capital to shareholders through dividends and buybacks and be opportunistic with that. And that’s really what this is about. We just have that additional flexibility now.
Chris Concannon: Thanks, Ilene. In summary on Slide 17, we continue to execute our growth strategy and delivered solid financial performance in the second quarter. We have seen an increase in market volumes and the velocity of trading is trending up. These factors combined with the increased potential for rate cuts in 2024 and the recent increase in volatility are all indicators of an improving macro backdrop for us. We are continuing the rollout of X-Pro by extending the platform to our global client base and across most products. We are executing our plan to grow market share, our client franchise continues to expand, and our strong geographic product and protocol diversification continues to drive growth. Last, we are well positioned to deliver higher levels of growth in the coming quarters. Now, we would be happy to open the line for your questions.
Chris Concannon: And Chris, just to respond to the second half of your question around algo solutions and accessing additional liquidity destinations. With the acquisition of Pragma, we now have the technology and the wherewithal to add to algos, both our internal destinations and internal protocols as well as external. So this does open up that opportunity to have available for our clients a variety of protocols and a variety of both internal and external destinations through the algo technology.
Chris Concannon: Thanks, Dan. Sure. We’re pretty excited about the rollout of X-Pro. Again, we started this over a year ago, really targeting our most active traders among our largest clients where we saw a high ticket count and they saw - they had a need for the benefit of the new technology and the workflow that it presents. We’re now seeing over 60% of the trade activity from our largest clients coming through X-Pro. So a very successful rollout across just traditional RFQ. The second phase of the X-Pro rollout was really targeting portfolio trading starting in the third quarter of last year. And now I’m happy to report that X-Pro is seeing, just in the second quarter, about 56% of the portfolio trades came through X-Pro. Again, an encouraging stat. And overall, our portfolio trading volume is up in the second quarter and continues certainly here into July. The X-Pro rollout is now headed to Europe. We’re launching what we call our Global PT solution, which allows clients to trade global product across the platform, and it’s exciting to finally have X-Pro in Europe and available in EM, where we’re also seeing growing demand for portfolio trading across both the euro market as well as the EM market. So still early days for the global rollout of X-Pro, but very encouraging signs of what X-Pro is capable of. More importantly, the development cycle around the new tech is quite rapid, certainly more rapid than our legacy platform, and we’re able to deliver new tech and new functionality in a much more rapid delivery, particularly given that it’s cloud-based technology with obviously additional capacity, but the turnaround for development is quite high, which allows us to address clients’ needs in a much more rapid pace. So all the benefits of X-Pro that we have predicted are playing out as we roll out across the globe.
Chris Concannon: Yes. Great question. And obviously, we had a lot of focus on the EM market opportunity in our opening remarks. Obviously, this is one of the largest markets outside the U.S. credit market and a market that we are fully engaged in and continue to see signs of growth across our platform and across regions. In particular, we’ve been adding local markets to our platform. And as you mentioned, seeing sizable growth in that local market arena. And in fact, our overall local market revenue was up 22% in the quarter, and we’re still seeing engagement from our clients across the local markets. There has been changes in the index, the large indexes that are followed by many of our investors, and one key ingredient is India being added to the index. So we do see that broad EM market still being a very attractive asset across the broader investment arena and having access to all those local markets is a key ingredient for our platform. One driver that we’ve seen is growth of portfolio trading across the EM market. So not at the levels that we see in high grade right now. But certainly, there’s higher demand for access to portfolio liquidity in that EM market. And certainly, we’re seeing some benefits across our portfolio trading tool in EM. The other area that we’re seeing growth is in block-size liquidity on the platform. We saw a record of block trading in EM on the platform, largely driven from the local markets and the rates and nature of those local markets. So again, some very positive factors playing out in that EM, market and obviously still highly in demand across our global investors.
Chris Concannon: Thanks for the question, and it’s an area that I’ve spent many a year in when it comes to routing and both external and internal liquidity. We’ll be very transparent around both our market share. It’s really based on where the trade reports flow from. So certainly, look, you have two leading liquidity pools, particularly in munis. We hit a record 8.5% of the muni market in July. So we’re very excited about the levels of liquidity that we’re hitting on our own platform. We also have seen the rise of ICE bonds and the growth that they’ve seen in the retail segment of the market. And we think connecting those two leading liquidity pools really solves the need for clients, which is access to liquidity just more broadly across the market. The structure of this is unique in the bond market. But it’s a structure that we’ve seen in other markets play out quite successfully. And when I look at our client needs and where there are areas of resources are being dedicated, it’s largely being dedicated to collection of assets and not really technology solutions for trading assets. And so we’re helping solve those resource needs. Large institutional investors are able to access our platform and now will be able to access both our platform in another leading pool of liquidity through the ICE bonds relationship. So it’s really solving client needs, which is the focus. Obviously, we’ll be very transparent on where transactions take place and who’s the beneficiary of those - of that revenue getting executed.
Chris Concannon: Yes, Brian, I’ll just add on the high-touch solution that we’re rolling out. It is targeting, obviously, larger trade sizes that come with our traditional capture. There are embedded caps to certain trade fees. But what’s exciting about that opportunity is because it’s direct to dealer and much more targeted to a dealer, we don’t have variable costs associated with clearing that trade. And so our - it scales from a margin perspective quite attractively at the traditional capture rate that we enjoy on the platform, but the variable costs aren’t there. So the margin for those trades are technically higher just given the size of the trade, the capture and the underlying cost, it’s just a platform cost, there’s no variable cost to it.
Chris Concannon: Again, it’s three days, so I do want to caveat what we’re seeing in just three days. I do think portfolio trading is a key tool adopted by our clients and will remain a tool for our clients to use, both in times of high vol and low vol. It’s really a question of cost. As spreads gap out in this type of environment, both spreads in a single bond as well as a portfolio trade due. And we’ve seen evidence of these gaps in spread. They do gap out in this environment. So it just becomes a different trade from what it was just four days ago. So we have seen and it’s, again, three days, but lower levels of PT activity. That said, our clients are in when they have either capital inflows or capital outflows depending on the market environment, they may use portfolio trades to enter and exit more quickly in an environment like this, where there’s certainty of execution. But obviously, over the long period of time, we’ve seen portfolio trading, mid-market trading, like those session-based trading, those are harder to execute in heightened volatility versus the low volatility that we’ve been experiencing for literally in the last several quarters, and tightened spreads over the last several quarters. So again, three days does not predict a trend, but what we certainly thought would happen in higher volatility, we’re seeing playing out in the market.
Chris Concannon: Sure. Thanks, Michael. And really, we’re pretty excited about our information services business line. We’re excited about the pipeline of products that we’re bringing. Again, first, we’re bringing product to the platform to help traders determine how to trade, when to trade and many times in the context of a portfolio, trade some of that portfolio construction on what to trade. So there’s key ingredients of our data is making its way first to the platform, and it’s exclusive on our platform. We obviously have some very successful data products like our CP+ data across high-grade, high-yield Eurobonds and more importantly EM, I do think our opportunities in the international sector are quite exciting, particularly those local markets that we’ve talked about today. Our CP+ for EM is in a backdrop of a market where there’s no TRACE, no last sale. These are dark markets, generally broker-driven market. So having a real-time feed is a very important component to being a dealer or being a client in that market. So we do see a great opportunity for our real-time data feed across the international sector and certainly seeing opportunities as we offer that data feed in APAC, in LATAM and throughout Europe. Many of the products that we’re putting on the platform like tradability, AI Dealer Selection, CP Inquiry, these are designed for both how traders engage the market, and that’s why they’re exclusively on our X-Pro platform, but also they can be - can help portfolio managers construct portfolios on any given day. So we see an opportunity of pipeline opportunity, not just at the trader level, but also at the portfolio construction level. Separately, you mentioned our index opportunities. Obviously, we announced a partnership with MSCI. We’re excited about the indexes that we have crafted with MSCI as part of that partnership, and we think there’s a bigger opportunity in that fixed income index market as more and more products and more and more investors move to passive strategies across the fixed income landscape and not just managed strategies. So and then finally, we haven’t talked about it in a while, but the launch of CP+ for munis is very exciting for us. Not only does it help power our automation suite in the muni market, which is growing rapidly, but it’s a new data product, a new real-time data product in the muni market and something that is certainly needed in that market. So we see a really heightened opportunity as we roll out CP+ for munis as well. So again, strong product in the current mix and opportunities for growth, but very excited about the pipeline and the opportunity behind the pipeline of growth as well.
Chris Concannon: And Eli, I’d just add to those comments. I mean, we are excited about the ICE relationship and more importantly, the retail opportunity that we see in the overall market. We see SMAs growing rapidly. They’re at $2 trillion today, expected to go to $5 trillion. We’re seeing a great deal of SMA activity on our platform because they traditionally come through the institutional execution areas of large investors, but they also execute on a platform like ICE. So I think both parties coming together in this unique partnership leverages the growth of the overall retail market, whether it comes through traditional retail or if it comes through SMA, like we’re seeing on our platform. So yes, a lot of excitement around this partnership. And really what it says about our view of market and market structure going forward in the fixed income market effects.
Chris Concannon: No. In fact, these are two connectivity points where their liquidity is their liquidity, it’s represented on our platform, and our liquidity will be represented on their platform as well. So it’s a way for our clients to benefit through a technical connection and a commercial relationship. So we would not expect any regulatory concerns around how we structured the partnership.
Chris Concannon: Thank you for joining us today. Obviously, we’re excited about the macro backdrop in the market and recent volatility, and looking forward to update you at the next quarter. So thanks for joining us today.
