Rick McVey: Thank you, Tony. We are pleased with the fourth quarter and full year results given the difficult trading conditions during the year. We continue to invest heavily to build valuable technology solutions for our clients to reduce transaction costs. Our global client network continues to grow and the credit markets are more focused than ever on improving trading efficiency. We are excited about the large opportunity ahead and the New Year is off to a good start.  Now I'd be happy to open the lines for your questions. 
Rick McVey: I think we are encouraged by the early signs and the growth in January volumes that outlined earlier is led by European clients. And by way of reminder, we have a broad based and diversified business with those clients in EM, US credit and Eurobond. And we believe that the reason that their trading activity up is attributable to MiFID II. And I would also say that we've seen a significant increase in phone trade processing which of course we do not include in our electronic trading volumes. But those numbers are up as well suggesting that European clients do want to get more trades on regulated venues for reporting purposes. And then as Tony mention earlier, it's also having a positive impact on our reg reporting business was tracked. And we continue to be encouraged about the development we see in our data products. 
Rick McVey: Sure. On high yield the changes went through in August and we believe it's fair and scalable fee model for all market participants on our system. Quite honestly I think the flatness in high yield share is had a lot more to do with the benign market environment, the lack of volatility than anything else. And you did see that we put up a record high yield market share number in December, as well Tony picks up we are optimistic that we have a unique liquidity pool that serves the needs of our clients. And I think it will be important to watch the trends over the coming months and quarters to make sure that we are benefiting from the changes that we have made. So we think we are on the right track there and we are in early days of those high yield fee changes. 
Rick McVey: I think everyone is going through the exercise of making sure that everything is standardized as required by the MTF regulations and we did make a few changes to standardize the fee schedules and make sure that they are consistent with those new regulations. There is a also a lot of moving parts in terms of what will be included in MTFTs as more is disclosed and there maybe some modest modifications coming in the industry and that could include us. It's -- we are really analyzing things as we go. 
Rick McVey: Sure. On the first question, the news was new to us, yesterday along with most everyone else we spoken to so all we've done, Kyle, is read the same media reports and press release that you have. It would appear from what we know that Tradeweb will be included in the assets that Blackstone is investing in. And that creates an additional owner of Tradeweb as well as all the other TR financial assets in Blackstone. TR by all appearances will stay involved with the meaningful equity stake. So it's too early to really predict or even speculate on what changes may come. At face value we do not see any significant difference there in the competitive landscape. And on your second question in terms of M&A. Clearly, we've been growing organically in many products beyond corporate bond. And our interests are well beyond corporate. I would say we believe our competitive advantage is in credit and the credit opportunity is very significant and we think we've served our shareholder extremely well to focus on organic growth. We started another year with that as our primary focus. But there are assets within the credit market that could be complimentary either in clients or products or regions to help us expand inorganically and we would be very interested in anything that fits with that long term vision.
Rick McVey: I think with the ADD numbers that I outlined earlier, it's safe to assume that we've seen broad based growth across products. And we'll have as we always do a full detail on our January monthly result out in a few days across every product but as I mentioned we are really encouraged by the start to the year. And these are trading volumes that we have never seen before. And we are optimistic that between the slight increase that we are seeing in market volatility and the regulatory trends that the outlook for ongoing growth is very positive. 
Rick McVey: Well, to be specific Patrick I mentioned foreign trade capture. And so these are trades conducted bilaterally by phone or their communication mechanisms between clients and dealers the trade off system. And then one or both parties won that trade processed on system. And so we believe that this is a post trade activity that's obviously not in electronic trade and the platform. But it's an ancillary service for clients obviously carry very low with any fees. So it's a service but it does help our clients to increase their efficiency and accuracy at trade reporting. Of course, we are attracted to those clients staying on the system for more of their activity throughout the day.
Rick McVey: Sure. We got four or five different priorities and I don't think any of them will come as a surprise to you. First, as we mentioned over the last two or three quarters, we are really encouraged by the momentum that we have in global or emerging markets trading. And that is a vast market that requires investments because we have created a comprehensive trading solution and market place for our clients that includes hard currency, sovereign debt trading, EM corporate bond trading and increasingly EM local market trading with about 25 or 26 local markets available for trading. So one of the investments is to continue to expand EM product offering, while at the same time increasing sales resources to attract more EM local market dealers to the platform and more EM clients around the world. And international client diversification is a key priority for us. So a disproportionate of those sales resources will continue to go into Europe and Asia and Latin America to really take advantage of what we see as a very large and growing EM product opportunity. Within our credit businesses, we are also encouraged by what we see in the investor and dealer desire to continue to increase trading efficiency. And one of the ways that we are helping with that is to invest in auto execution which we rolled out in Q4 in Europe and we are in the process of rolling out now in the US. For small trades this allows investors to execute electronically with absolutely no manual labor whatsoever. So another way that we can further increases their efficiency. And as you mentioned in retail, as we look at that space, we are encouraged by the liquidity pool that we have for micro lot trading, and we do believe that they can be extended further into the retail client segment with the combination of some modest investments in technology to fit with retail and client trading activity, as well as sales resources to focus on the retail wealth advisors and brokers. So something those are so many areas but it's a full agenda. And we are pretty excited about the return on investment that we are seeing currently. 
Rick McVey: Sure. I think that as we look at our share gain last year in high grade most of it came from larger trade sizes both $1 million to $5 million and $5 million and up. So around 70% of our volume in US high grade comes from $1 million and up trade sizes and about 23% of our volume comes from $5 million and up. So increasingly the share gains are coming larger trade. I think I am right in saying that we are running around 9.5% or so what we see in trades block trades for high grade. So there is definitely progress there in terms of clients getting more comfortable especially with liquid bonds, trading larger ticket sizes on the platform. Now I point out two things. One, we are having some success with work up and sometimes that starts with a $2 million trade-in and ends with a series of trades that add up to something more meaningful in the block trading category through open trading. The other example I would give Chris is in emerging markets trading during the course of last year we introduced a request for market protocol for two way responses in EM local markets and we've seen very fast pickup of block trading in EM local markets through that protocol. So we will continue to invest to deliver technology solution that really fit for both investors and dealers to continue to do more large trade sizes on the system. 
Rick McVey: I honestly not sure we have the exact number but you are exactly right it has been both. We've taken on a lot of new clients in EM over the last 12 months globally. And I will tell you that there is a disproportionate share of last year of our EM growth that came from international clients in Europe and Asia, which is why we are increasing our resources there. Those new clients have been incredibly important to our EM growth. The existing clients were prior to 2017 were primarily in the US and their volume are up. But if you looked at last year the growth of newly international clients I think would be the distinguishing feature for the year. And we have reasonable estimates on EM market size given the numbers that we can see from trace EM corporate bond reporting but importantly our tracks database in London and as much as we've grown over the last two or three years in EM, we estimate that we are around 9% of the market opportunity currently. So with client adoption really heating up and our investment in both protocols and sales to attract new and onboard new clients, we are really encouraged that this could be a long-term growth opportunity for the company. 
Rick McVey: Well, first of all thank you for that question because I think December and January results create a really interesting story of what's really going on in the fixed income markets and why it's extremely difficult to measure trends in electronic trading on market access on monthly basis. Because you are absolutely right we set new records in estimated market share in high grade, high yield and EM in the month of December. But obviously it's a month where market volumes are significantly lighter. And the distinguishing feature is there December as you would expect given the holiday environment is typically one of the lightest months for new issue activity and it is also a month where investors have a lot of yearend portfolio rebalancing to conduct and tax trading. So there is more secondary activity leading into yearend around those rebalances. And when new issues are very high which they are in typically in January and they have been again this year. You see the focus go to the underwriters, that new issue bond trade very actively in the first week or two. Market protocol currently is that that new issue trade generally gets done through the underwriters and the block trading percentage of trace goes up. So if you look at the last two months in December you will see that the block trading percentage or trace was at the low end of the range around 40%. If you fast forward to January, you will see it's up around 46% or 47%, that is reflective of the difference in the new issue calendar and all of the activity in trading those new issues in block size with the underwriters for the first week or two. Now if you ask us which we do prefer, clearly, we like January better than we do December even though our share numbers are lower because market activity is much higher which is driving record trading volumes for the company. So what we do know is if you set back and you look at quarters or years, it is clear to see that there is secular trend going on for greater electronics trading and global credit. And I think that we are highly optimistic that that trend will continue but it's impossible to measure those trends month to month. I can promise you that the fact that our January share is lower than December has nothing to do with client behavior changing and how they feel about market access. It has all do to with what's in trace. And that's what make it really, really difficult to measure market share changes month to month and then we all have to step back and look at them in a longer term basis. 
Rick McVey: Yes. Yes. So as you know our European business yield, you'll see an active contribution across products. And I think it's a mistake to view euros in isolation because our business is diversified with EM, US credit and euros, and we are seeing that behavior will change in the first month of January. It's hard to know exactly what MiFID II is and what part is because the market environment is a bit better starting the year than it has been in the fourth quarter and during 2017. But when we look in January year-over-year, our European client activity across products is up about 35%. So we are encouraged by the start to the year with European client activity. And the fact that it does look like the regulatory changes are causing a behavioral shift in electronic trading activity. 
Rick McVey: Thank you for joining us this morning. And we look forward to catching up with all of you next quarter.
Tony DeLise: Sure, Rich. I'd say I think the tax reform piece of it or any benefits from tax reform really influence our plans around investing in and we are going to continue to invest. We are investing to expand the geographic reach expand the addressable market, launch new protocol, launch new products and also address what's happening on the regulatory front and just to give some color while that 11% midpoint slightly higher than the five years CAGR, a couple of items in there and I say for MiFID II and for Brexit there are discrete incremental spending upwards of $5 million that will be in the recurring run rate going forward. But that's incremental spending that will result in 2018. So that's a bit of an uplift. I'd say the second piece, you have to remember that 30% of our expenses right around 30% is denominated in -- and the functional currency is not the US dollar, so we are subject to FX swing, just as FX movement with the dollar weakening, it does add around $2 million or $3 million in year-over-year expenses. And so if you -- this isn't to make an excuse but if you were to carve out those two items, you are looking at an expense increase somewhere around 7% or 8%. But just, again not to make excuse. WE are trying to explain where the components are. 
Tony DeLise: Yes. So, Rich, in those prepared remarks I had said the tax benefit right now and again you have to realize they were -- we are making estimate based on what we expect to vest based on where the share price will be. But what we are seeing right now that the excess tax benefits in 2018 would be somewhere around $2 million and most of that will occur in the first quarter. Actually most of it occurs today to be quite frank about. So most of that additional tax benefit will happen in the first quarter. And just rough numbers that we are guiding to a midpoint of 24%, you might see something like 21% in the first quarter and then 25% in Q3 and Q4. So it's not going to swing that much. So it will look a bit lower in the first quarter. 
Tony DeLise: It's a good question, Conor. Because we -- there is no secret that we have the fair amount of cash and securities sitting on the balance sheet. And year end it was right around $405 million. And we don't need $405 million to run the business. So when we look at the money we need for regulatory and working capital purposes, we do have excess capital earmarked for -- to support open trading. So we have excess capital in our regulated entity. There is still a fair amount of excess cash on the balance sheet. We could use upward of around $200 million of our cash and securities if the right opportunity came along. We don't have any leverage on today. We just posted the year where EBITDA was north of $250 million. So we have a fair amount of leverage that we could put on the company. So if the right opportunity comes along we have the flexibility and we can act opportunistically that way. And it would be 2x or 3x or 4x EBITDA will be the type of leverage that we put on comfortably. 
Tony DeLise: Yes. Kyle, you came in literally spot on with that number. So what we've seen post August first implementation of the new fees schedule that those high yield fees are right around $350 per million. Now realize that when you look at high yield we have high yield that trade on price, high yield that trade on spread, , we have all been trading so we have different fee plans or structures working across that. So there could be some swings but we are seven months into this or five months into this and it's all been around $350 per million. 
Tony DeLise: That saying -- how can I groan, Patrick? You are asking about 2019. Its outside, it's clear it's possible on that. So you have to remember its part of this. Today, we lease about 55,000 square feet in three separate locations here in New York and what we are doing with Hudson Yards, we are taking on 83,000 square feet and the rent expense of per square foot cost for Hudson Yards is right around 50% high. So there will be an uplift, there will be an uplift in rent expense. Now trying to be as clear as I can, if you are taking the GAAP numbers for this year and last year occupancy cost wee around $6 million. If I am telling you that the duplicate rent is about $8 million that means this year for 2018 you should probably modeling something close to $14 million for occupancy cost. And when the new space comes online fully and we exit 299 Park 10 floor, 299 Park 12 floor, 560 Lexington, you can expect those occupancy cost to come down around $3 million. So $6 million last year to up to $14 million down to $11 million for 2019. That's about as clear as I can get. 
Tony DeLise: So, Chris, we -- you saw that we ended up breaking out the info services line and historically that info services business has been growing at about 10% per year. And within that category it's our bond pick or data service we have volume and pricing reports. We have -- are access all products, there is reference data, so there is a variety of product in that line. The past two years now we've had new recurring data contracts $4 million or higher each year. So we do expect growth going forward. It's a combination of broker dealer, investment managers; it's a pretty broad based client group there. 
