Rick McVey: Thanks Tony. 2013 was another strong year of growth for our core business in high-grade, high-yield and EM. Our dealer and investor clients continue to embrace electronic trading for a growing percentage of their credit trading activity. Regulatory changes create new opportunities for open trading, transaction reporting, CDS and data products. We are pleased with our progress to expand our service offering in these large and important areas for our clients. The combination of market driven demand and regulatory change creates an attractive environment for growth for the company. And we are excited about the opportunities they had in 2014 and beyond. Now, I would be happy to open the line for your questions.
Rick McVey: Sure, thanks Ashley and good morning. Absolutely, real-time price data is a core ingredient of moving toward a more open architecture. And they are moved by regulators to promote transparency certainly helps with the trades tape here in the U.S. and the method two consolidated tape planned in a couple of years. So there is more a transaction data out there and then you see analytical services and companies continuing to add pricing capabilities in real-time to expand beyond the set of reported bonds. And we are working with ITC and importing prices from other service providers to help investors with that task. And we will continue to do so until those analytical capabilities continued to advance. I think your second question relates to best execution requirements. And you’re right to point out that many of the investor best execution guidelines are antiquated from moving into an environment of all-to-all trading. Because in many cases the guidelines reflects getting three or more dealer prices. And we do see some movement in that and by the way this is not an SEC restriction, the SEC provides plenty of room for investor judgment on best execution. It’s just the default that many investors have used in the past. So, we do see some progress there with investors using independent pricing from other sources as a means of demonstrating best execution. And I don’t think that that will be well, a meaningful obstacle in the progress on open trading.
Rick McVey: Yes. So, with respect to Xtrakter, no real change there in the strategy and the growth expectations. The revenue growth really we think comes from two primary areas. One, continuing to develop and distribute high quality data products. And we have been working both internally to develop those products as well as with our dealer investor clients to make sure that we’re promoting volume and price information in a way that it’s constructive to the market and helpful to liquidity. And the other area is continuing to expand our post trade services and especially around transaction reporting and trade matching. And the transaction reporting requirement in the past has been limited to the dealer community. It’s now moving out to the investment management industry. And we are expanding our services to be able to help those clients with transaction reporting. And we also see more opportunities to use the data we have within Xtrakter to promote real-time trade matching. So those three main areas really drive most of what we expect in the revenue increase that lead to the comments that we made earlier about our hope that Xtrakter will be accretive to earnings in the second half of this year. And all of that is consistent, we also think with our core mission of also developing a broader electronic trading market in Europe.
Rick McVey: Jillian, it’s – we don’t think it’s on those volume improvements are coming on the back of increase in trading and overall market trading volumes. We do have some increased visibility on trading volumes coming out of Europe and we think it’s probably half of the trading volumes we see here in terms of high-grade trade volume. So we don’t think it’s on the back of the improved overall market volumes. And Rick’s comments were sort of a combination of both December and January, so, what’s interest for the one-month period. And just important to note when, when we talk about volumes coming from our European clients, it’s not just euro bond volumes, our European clients are very active in emerging market high-grade in particular. So they are – those volume improvements are across multiple products including what we consider North American credit trading product.
Rick McVey: Yes. So, Jillian, yes, if you look at sequential quarters, third quarter to the fourth quarter, it is almost 100% of that variance that $8 per million was the migration of the dealers. And mention that prepared remarks when we have also you can see, one dealer migrating in the direction that happened which was going from the all variable plans for the fixed plan, it’s roughly $5 per million in variable fees, neutral to overall revenues with $5 per million in variable fees.
Rick McVey: It’s beyond – it’s a little more complicated when you get the comparisons from the fourth quarter of last year 2012 to fourth quarter of 2013, there is lot more noise in there. We have the dealer migrations would have been a negative to speak after. But we had interest rates rising, all things equal, that’s a negative. We have longer duration which would have been positive. And also another positive, this is year-over-year again, our dealers on the all-variable plan they continue to win more trade. So that’s a little more complicated year-over-year. It’s easier to explain sequential third quarter to fourth quarter.
Rick McVey: Yes, on the first question we’re very comfortable with our capital position even with the return of capital that we’ve outlined this morning and the increased dividend and the new share repurchase plan. So, we are in very good shape for the kind of business and the amount of business that we’re clearing. And it should be for the foreseeable future. We’re really like most things taking our lead from clients in terms of how they would like to clear open trades. And we have a variety of solutions available to them, both through us and also through traditional counter parties. So, it’s difficult to predict how that will play out during the coming year or two. But right now we’re very comfortable with our balance sheet position given the amount of clearing that we expect to do.
Rick McVey: Yes. When you look at the combination of high-grade and high-yield, you might get a better read Patrick. And that’s where I mentioned earlier in the call, for the full year in 2013, the combined volume was up about 5% or so. But part of the reason is to upgrade, where certain large high-yield issuers have now moved up to investment grade. So that’s a piece of this story. But I do think that you’re seeing a slight increase overall in TRACE volumes when you look across the two product areas.
Rick McVey: Sure. I think developments in the electronic CDS market continue and different approaches and different models are out there as you would expect. I could be wrong but I don’t think the recent announcement necessarily so they had three dealers streaming quotes. I think they said three dealers participating. And one of those dealers talked about their role as agent for bringing clients on to the platform as opposed to principle for market making. So, we’re – we’re really pleased with the progress that we’ve made on our own central and middle order book. And we have a great partner to begin with in Barclays, who continues to expand the markets that they make on the platform and is on-boarding more and more end clients each month. And we and Barclays both remain open minded about expanding the platform with more investors and more dealers at the right time. But we’re very pleased with the progress that we’re making on the platform. And obviously one of the big benefits that we have is all the buy-side connectivity that already exists here.
Rick McVey: We really haven’t heard anything at all from the SEC with respect to their time table on single names. They obviously have a full plate, we’re not aware of anything that has been publicly stated by the SEC in terms of when they would expect to get to their rules. So our plan for 2014 is really about building out the organic single-name CDS trading platforms. And we do not expect to have any significant regulatory change throughout this year.
Rick McVey: Yes, we are ramping up our investments Hugh. Because we expect an acceleration in electronics share at some point. And our views are shared broadly by the industry and by the various analysts that cover our industry when you look at the projections that are out there for the likely electronic share in credit over the next two to three years. It’s very difficult to anticipate the pace of share gain, especially given that open trading is brand new and involves a fairly significant change in trading process for investors and dealers and other market participants. But clearly, whether you look at bonds or swaps or even Xtrakter, we’re investing heavily because we think electronic solutions and connectivity and post trade services are going to be a much larger product of the market environment over the next three years.
Rick McVey: Well, I would take issue with the term market-maker. We don’t see any of them that want to be in the market-making business and we’re seeing a change in behavior in terms of being willing to lead with a price when they see a potential match in the system, we absolutely are. So, we’re delivering an awful lot of trade opportunities through market list every day. And the solutions that we have to increase the sophistication of the alerts that our investors are getting – continuing to grow each quarter. And with that combination, yes, we are seeing a significant ramp-up in the places back in market-list orders which is leading to the growth in trades. So, that behavioral change is still in the first inning. But it is underway, but in no way do we see any investors that are trying to directly compete with the market-making business. But they are starting to change their behavior so they can respond with the price when they have a trade match.
Rick McVey: The EM environment is definitely choppier than the U.S. high-grade or high-yield environment. There is political unrest, there is concerns about growth rates in the markets has just been more volatile and choppy. And that – the best proxy we have is looking at M2 volumes that are released quarterly. And a portion of EM corporate comes through on TRACE. And it did look like the second half market volumes came off in EM relative to what we saw in high grade and high yield. But these are all estimates based on the best information that we can get. So, not the overall environment is quite as healthy as it is in high-grade and high-yield but the good news is, EM is consistent with the other product areas. And that everything that we can tell we continue to gain share.
Rick McVey: Niamh, it’s an important piece because trading efficiency and connectivity we think is a key part of being successful in open trading. And as you know, we’ve being doing a lot of work with BlackRock Aladdin around system integration for BlackRock and the other Alladin clients which totaled approximately 60 investment management firms. And it’s really compelling to see how trading efficiency has improved for Aladdin clients with the integration of market list orders into the Aladdin order boarders to make it easier for those clients to identify potential trade matches and provide a price on market list increase. So, we’re very pleased with that. BlackRock has been through their word of being very focused on Aladdin integration and improved efficiency for Aladdin clients. They’ve also been leading the pack with respect to trading activity and order flow in them market list, so we’re very pleased there. But we are consistently finding new ways that we can also increase that level of efficiency for clients beyond the lag. So, the ecosystem is growing so that the technology can really be much more relevant to clients in terms of the way that display trade opportunities to them throughout the trading days. So, this is a key part of what we’re investing in and we made a lot of progress in the fourth quarter, especially with BlackRock Aladdin and more to come in 2014.
Rick McVey: Sure. They’re all in partial access rules within the SEF rules that require that any participant on the SEF be in a position where they could both send and receive orders. So our SEF does operate in that way.
Rick McVey: I think you know, as expectations grow in a rising interest rate environment, it would be reasonable to expect that the interest and floating rate notes will grow. We do report them separately because the fee capture as you point out is very different so that you can track growth in fixed rate business separate and apart from floating rate business. But overall, we think a rising interest rate environment is going to make the trading opportunities much more interesting and correct. And we have a little snapshot of that in June last year which happened to be our largest month for the year in terms of sharing volume. So, we actually think that the environment overall portrays volume and market activity will be better in a rising rate environment.
Tony DeLise: Yes. But Jillian that loss on the sublease and the duplicate rent element of it as well. If those are one-time. So we exited the legacy MarketAxess space, we exited some Europe facility that Xtrakter was occupying. We leased new office space. We moved in right in the middle of the fourth. That sublease is a one-time charge.
Tony DeLise: Yes, it will be Patrick. And Rick had mentioned in his remarks that we are active out there, we are rolling out new products. We’re in front of clients right now. And I suppose on the data side and on some of the new trade reporting services. And just the other side of the equation on the margin side or incremental to margins is the expense side. And we’re pretty much there in terms of ramping up, the ramp up we experienced in 2013 and in the Xtrakter related expenses. If you looked at the expenses for the fourth quarter there was some comment in the earnings release around fourth quarter Xtrakter expenses. That’s probably pretty representative of the expense run-rate for Xtrakter in 2014. So, the combination of expenses leveling off then, we’re – as we ramp up on the revenue side on the data and both the trade reporting side, that’s when we can get through this accretive situation in the second half of 2014. And there is one other element to bear in mind, when we talk about accretion, we’re also absorbing the amortization of intangible assets created on the acquisition. So when you go through purchase accounting, you allocate the purchase price, the very fact that you’re acquiring one of the elements or intangible asset. That’s sort of overhead or overhang for the amortization of intangibles was about $2.5 million. So, we’re including that when we say that we expect the Xtrakter to be accretive beginning in the second half of the year.
Tony DeLise: Sure, sure Hugh. We thought the second half was better compared to – or better jumping off point compared to 2014. We stated about 9% increase that’s a mid-point. And when you look at the biggest expected increases, as you’d expect it’s in employee compensation and benefit. It’s a little over 50% of where we’ve been in terms of total expenses. The expectation, it was fully staffed up based on our plans. The expectation is headcount would be up another 10% plus over what you see at year end. And the areas where we’re adding people are the areas you expect would be adding people. It’s in technology and sales related areas and it’s around the new initiative. So, yes, it’s exactly where we expected to happen. Quite frankly I think the – after reading some of the notes this morning and looking back at the estimates for next year, I think one of the – one area where you’re all playing catch-up on is in the depreciation and amortization area. We’ll have – if we hit that CapEx plan for 2014, $17 million to $20 million or there about. We’ll have spent over $50 million on CapEx from the past three years, 2012, ‘13, ‘14, over $50 million. I think when you revisit your models you’re going to see that – it’s the depreciation area where you’re going to play a little bit of catch-up. Outside of employee compensation and benefit, headcount driven, outside of depreciation and amortization, driven by CapEx spending. If you look at all the expense categories and what we’re inferring from that is that it’s largely inflationary type increases in those other expense categories, outside of comp and benefits and depreciation and amortization.
Tony DeLise: Mike, it was slightly above the average for the year. And if you look at it year-over-year, and I’ll just give you one sort of data point would be for the fourth quarter, well that’s about 200 basis points year-over-year in the fourth quarter. And that ramp up happens throughout the year, it did peak in a similar to high-grade market share. It did peak in the third quarter. But there was a ramp throughout the year.
Tony DeLise: Yes, Mike, I think that’s the way – that’s the way to look at it. And this is a new program that the board adopted. We said it was to offset the increase in the diluted share count. It has crept up in the last – in the last seven quarters now. We’re going to setup a – it’s viewed as a maintenance type program, we’re going to setup a 10b5-1 plan. We’ll be in the market for small amounts of repurchases each day. It really wasn’t meant to be this sort of large opportunistic. But we obviously have the capacity to do something if the opportunity presents itself. But think of it more as a maintenance program and you think about being in the market throughout the year. It’s not – yes, you can do the math – it’s not a big, it’s not a big program. And today the price sits – it’s roughly 600,000 shares. If we’re in the market accordance with this 10b5-1 program, it’s probably in the course of a year where we’ve exhausted the program.
Tony DeLise: So, Niamh, you’re right. On the fourth quarter we’re affording volumes every month. You see the market share. You see the TRACE volumes. If fourth quarter market share was down about 100 basis points over the third quarter, up slightly from the fourth quarter of last year, honestly it sort of bucked the historical trend here. It’s rare where we would see that sort of decline from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. But when we look at market share, we always say it’s a function of client order flow and hit rate. But when you get more granular, it’s a mix of flow between the bidding or it’s hit rate, on the bid side if hit rate is on the offer side, it’s new issuance block trade. There is a lot of other elements in between it. We just – we’ve finished a four-consecutive quarters ending with the third quarter where we had flow favoring the bid side. And we had a healthier offer side hit rate, we move into the fourth quarter and we had this sort of inverse happening where we have flow favoring the offer side. And then we had hit rates on the offer side which were extremely low. And we’ve had pockets like this before. If you look back at October of 2012, you’re going to see a similar situation. If you look back beginning in 2009 when the market was turning and it was very much an offer wanted market. You’ll see that same kind of experience. I’ll give you this one little – one other sort of data point here. If you look at December, and December was a very good month for us. It was 15.4% market share. It was a good month. It could have been better. It was – we had a lot of enquiries flow coming in, but we had a situation which was very heavy offer wanted. We had the offer side hit rate was down to crisis level, below 50%. So, it was good as it was. In December it was still a challenging environment for us. So, this could set some of the comments that Rick made earlier about providing solutions to help to cope the liquidity challenges. And we went through a pocket just now in the fourth quarter. It’s hard to dig out of that October-November situation with the offer wanted, lower offer wanted hit rates. How hard to dig out of that one. And when come to January one, Rick did make a comment that January share rate now is modestly below the fourth quarter level. Typically in January…
Tony DeLise: And typically, you’ll see – it’s a pretty dramatic decline. It’s probably a 100 basis points decline between the fourth quarter and January. So the view we’re giving you or this early read on January suggests that you’re not going to see that type of typical decline there. The market is little bit different here in January, it’s more of a bid-wanted market. Hit rates have been changed but the market has turned a little bit in terms of the order as well.
Tony DeLise: Niamh, we’re not – we really don’t give the guidance around the revenue expectations. So I’ll try and give you a couple of data points and help you zero in a little bit. The revenue growth for next year will not come from that x-services line. Yes, it’s a small piece of what we’re doing, it’s less than 3% of our revenue and that’s not where the growth is going to come from. There are expectations on that information on post grade services line, as Rick mentioned a couple of times around growing data revenues and post grade services. There is some expectations of revenue growth there. You’re going to see growth on that line year-over-year just by virtue of the fact that Xtrakter is in there for 12 months. But over and above that that 12-month adjustment. Yes, there is some expectation of revenue growth there. And you know what drives our business, what drives our business is market share gains and we’ve got that one big line there for commission revenues. So, when you’re doing your modeling just like we do our modeling here, it’s still very much a commission driven outcome. So, it’ll come from that commission line, some contribution from information and post trade services and then the tax service lines today are small piece of what we’re doing.
Tony DeLise: That’s a good question Michael. I’d say certainly both 2013 and 2014, I wouldn’t call that the normal run-rate or sort of normal maintenance run-rate for CapEx. And right now there is sort of one – at least one discreet area and that’s in Europe. And today we still reside within the Euro clear datacenters which is part of the acquisition. So our technology environment has been the euro clear datacenters. We will be moving out of those datacenters. So, there are some what I would call not necessarily one time but big chunky cost that won’t recur every year. And that is one element. But looking at it different way, if you think about what the sort of maintenance, longer term maintenance CapEx would be, I’m going to give you a pretty good range but it’s probably more like $10 million to $15 million. And we’re still spending a lot on product enhancements on software development, you could see those numbers and we’re pretty transparent about those numbers. It’s been sort of in that $7 million or $8 million or $9 million range. And then you pack on top of that sort of maintenance CapEx and that’s $2 million to $5 million and you add them together and you get, $10 million to $15 million. So, that’s probably the longer term view. And again, 2013 and ‘14 would have some chunky items in there.
