Rick McVey: Good morning and thank you for joining us to discuss our first quarter 2010 results. We are pleased to report another set of strong quarterly results with record revenues is $34.9 million up 42% from a year ago and record pre-tax income of $11.1 million, 134% above the first quarter of 2009. The strong revenue growth combined with operating leverage let to a market improvement in operating margins to approximately 32%. EPS of $0.17 was more than doubled year-ago levels. Variable transaction fees were the largest contributor to revenue growth and were up 64% from a year ago primarily due to higher volumes. Fee capture per million traders remain strong and total trading volume at $99 billion with 65% above a year-ago and the highest since pre-credit crisis levels in the second quarter of 2007. Investor order flow into this system was up 24% and we now have 72 dealers globally up from 48 one year ago. Our efforts to add new dealers to expand the liquidity pool resulted in better cap rates that continued to drive our trading volumes higher.  Slide four provides an update on the current regulatory reform in our CDS platforms. Financial regulatory reforms continues to progress through multiple congressional committees. Pre-proposals have been past, mandating trading of certain clearable swaps on an exchange or a swap execution facility. Although the final form of any regulatory action and the implementation timeframe are still subjected to debate. We see the recent regulatory activity as favorable fro electronic trading and we intend to register and operate a swap execution facility. We have and will take actions necessary to capitalize on the reform legislation, especially as it relates to credit default swaps. We’ve already developed CDS trading engines for index, signal name and bid offer list of trading. We have an established network of institutional credit market participants. To available first trade APIs, we can quickly connect to order management systems, confirmation hubs and clearing houses as our customers chose. Last week we announced the appointment of Dr. Sharon Brown-Hruska, a former Commissioner of the CFTC to our Board. Sharon will increase our knowledge of the regulatory environment and its likely impact on derivative trading. Slide five provides an update on market conditions. Over the past year credit market conditions continue to normalize with lower credit spreads and credit spread volatility. After peaking in the third quarter of 2008 high-grade credit spreads as measured by the Credit Suisse Lucy Index continued to decline, ending the quarter at 118 basis points over US Treasuries.  Credit spread by volatility decline further during the quarter of remains about free crisis levels. During the first quarter non-government guaranteed new issue volume was the highest has been since the second quarter of 2008. The steep yield curve continues to be a driving factor for strong inflows into taxable bond funds in ETS, creating additional demand for corporate bonds and other credit assets. All of these factors have contributed through a robust credit trading environment, which we currently expect to continue for the balance of 2010. Now, let me turn to call over to Kelly for more detail regarding our first quarter business results.
Rick McVey: Our strategy to expand our institutional trading network throughout the credit crisis is paying off with record revenues and earnings as the markets continued to recover. We are pleased with the growth that we are seeing in all of our major product areas, and continue to believe that our operating leverage will drive attractive earnings growth. In addition to growth in existing product areas, we are excited by the new opportunities emerging as part of the regulatory reform process. We believe the opportunities set for electronic trading and fixed income market is getting larger. I would now like to open the call for your questions.
Rick McVey: First although there is nothing specific in the regulatory reform proposals dealing with our cash fixed income markets, our belief is that, if the market comes to the conclusion that more electronic trading is a good idea for the fairness and openness of derivative markets they will also conclude that it is probably a good idea for cash fixed income products. So as a margin, we do believe that the discussion around more electronic trading four derivatives will provide a positive benefit in terms of the adoption rates for cash products. In terms of market participants in the conversations that we’ve been having around CDS, there continues to be an uncertainty about the outcome and timing of the regulatory reform proposals that it is fair to say that there has not been a lot of concrete action yet, with respect to moving forward with electronic trading of CDS, but I think people are paying very close attention to the various parts of the proposal that include greater central clearing for standardized swaps, electronic execution an increased market transparency.
Rick McVey: I think it’s probably consistent with what all our viewer seeing as longer short rates in money market funds to remain close to zero there’s been a consistent movement out of short-term money market funds and into longer-term bond funds. So the cash flow has been quite positive into the investment management community that tends to be active on our system. As of you is that slightly to persist through the balance of this year. The other trend is clear that most of the money coming out of money market funds is going into bond funds not into equity funds, which we think its part of the longer-term asset allocation shift were our greater percentage of investable assets seem to be going like into fixed income product categories.
Rick McVey: I would just add to that as well. I think what we consistently hear from our investor clients is that they want a diverse set of liquidity providers to be prepared for any market or regulatory environment. And we think we’ve been consistently delivering that to them with the expansion in our dealer community on the market access system and what we’re seeing in terms of the momentum and the increase in volumes on the platform, we think reflects the fact that the only efficient way for investor to deal with a larger set of dealer counterparties is to trade more electronically. And we think that’s coming through clearly and we believe that’s a long term trend.
Rick McVey: I think it can be in a sense two sides of the coin, what we do see is that, we’ll quote, the large new dealers coming on in the platform, we see an approval process that is slightly higher than the historical -- a factor than the historical timeframe to approve them to get to critical mass. As the liquidity has returned to the marketplace, clients are being a little bit more selective in terms of the approval of certain regional. So net-net we feel like we’re on track slightly ahead of phase with the larger dealers, but clearly remain a key focus. And it really does vary by type of investor by the way, which they trade our index sponsors and insurance companies, but that we will continue to be a real focus for the team and that provide real upside in terms of gaining a greater degree of client input to that group of new dealers.
Rick McVey: Yeah, the overall environment I think as Tony mentioned appears to be better and whether you look at earnings from technology companies or you read varies letters or surveys in the marketplace. We are seeing some modest improvement and a more regulars sales process in our GST business which as you know is the fixed monitoring certification of business and we’re also seeing some demand from our dealer and client group for helping the aggregation of various easy and pricing and evaluating how one could in a sense, auto quote and perform more efficiently on our platform, especially in the moderately smaller guidance. So as Tony said, we are cautiously optimistic for our combined tech service and market data business to show improved results throughout the year. But again, you can be very dependent sort of case-by-case in terms of budgets that are being provided as well as IT priorities. But we do feel like the overall environment seems to be a bit healthier in 2010 versus 2009. 
Rick McVey: I think we are actively considering all of the option for the use of our balance sheet and our cash position. On the acquisition front we see things in the market virtually every quarter, we have obviously been selective historically because of the confidence that we have in our organic growth prospects. But we do see some things from time-to-time that would expand our capabilities, especially in the fixed income e-trading, connectivity and data space. So we expect to see more of those opportunities in 2010, but at the same time we will be selective, because of the momentum that we see in our core business. With respect to the dividend, this is our third quarter with the regular dividend the Board will discuss the appropriate level for dividends based on our earnings and cash flow on a quarterly basis and as we’ve said, the first time out with the dividend announcement nine months ago, we felt that something around the area is referred as our free cash flow and a dividend yield of 2% or slightly better was the right area to target.
Rick McVey: Sure. I’m happy to comment on that. I do think the trends in CDS volumes during the course of 2009 were down, but it’s important to remember, it’s still a very larger market and based on the information that we can provide, we think daily volumes in the CDS market are five to eight times higher than they are in the cash credit markets. So it’s still a very large market more than half of that volume seems to be taking place in index products which as you point out or trending toward more central clearing which is helping with the safety and soundness of the CDS system overall. So I think in general the volumes are still quite high in CDS, and importantly our view is that as the infrastructure improvements take hold in CDS, with the answer of more central clearing sound margining system daily market-to-markets and more transparency in the market you will see an increase in market participation in that product going forward, and specifically, we believe that more traditional investment managers are likely to participate in CDS and other derivative markets. On the back of some of the improvements in infrastructure that are taking place. 
Rick McVey: I think that’s a logical conclusion given it’s a vast majority of trading that we do today is in cash credit products, which is the demand of the traditional investment managers and insurance companies, the hedge funds tend to be clients with market access and they are signed up for trading, but given that historically most of their volume has been in CDS, as they are not today as active as the traditional investment management community.
Kelley Millet: As I addressed, obviously, the market has been quite robust. As you’re aware, based on the credit quality of the number of the sovereigns and quasi-sovereign that are more commodity based, a number of them are high-grade and a number of them are trading from a spread basis in a similar way. The growth in our business, I think has been our ability to get a better balance between what was the typical e-trading, which would be in the large on the run liquid sovereign, with the addition of corporates. Again, there are a number of corporates in Latin America, in Asia and in a handful of places in Eastern Europe that in fact investment grade. So like in our high-grade business, we are good adding to our dealer’s room and expanding our clients network as well. It’s a little bit difficult to assess the over market opportunities, because as you know the [empty] figures are a little less accurate, or little less comprehensive than the trade figures, but we do think that we can continue to grow that franchise in a reasonable way and continue to offer in my mind a diverse set of products across our larger money managers and other clients, where we do believe that as a trade credit or peer in the Europe, high yield Europe, high yield EMN agencies we’re having more complete offering as I said, earlier we believe accretes is sticking to the system.
Kelley Millet: Where as in the US, the dominant trading protocol is the user’s Request For Quote or RFQ and such work is typically dominated by the list business. There is a more varied trading protocol or protocols in Europe. The large what I’ll call aggregators of private wealth, not surprisingly in Germany, Switzerland and the like, and so more of a work process that is click the trade, so they see a level, they see it in a stack, they hit a list subject to dealer confirmation. Members have a reasonable presence in that market place, so what’ve done and what we will be delivering is a competing product that will sit aside or [Q] capability and we believe provides a more competitive and compelling offering in that click to trade space, that opens up a whole series of investors for that we really didn’t have a meaningful dialogue because that work process dominated their trading day. So if I can deliver and we will and RQ, a click to trade and the integration of data and pre-trade price discovery, and then we think collectively in total we have a superior offering to anyone of the individual offerings in the European market place.
Kelley Millet: Hugh, its Kelley. As you know, through the credit crisis, as you know at the Fed datas, the corporate bonds and the balance sheet of the primary dealers fell precipitously through that process and it really did drive our efforts to expand the liquidity tool by adding dealer to the platform. As I said in my prepared remarks those new dealers drove about 21% in trade count of our transactions in the first quarter. I think there are a couple of things to note, it does appear that the larger dealers are using more balance sheet, but they are no where near the levels pre-crisis. Secondly, within that sort of new dealer discussion there are number of very large dealer and not just regional for smaller regional and we think those that are reentering or entering to the market for the first time like in Nomura or a Susquehanna or a Citadel, can add substantial liquidity given the nature of their capital. Finally we do believe that the regionals will benefit given the nature of their relationships in a sense with their downstream or end buyers or clients. So, in total I think we see a couple of interesting positive trends large dealers getting a little bit bigger, a little bit more important within the new dealer a number of larger dealers in a sense new or reentering the marketplace that can provide significant capital to that liquidity market making. And then the regionals we feel having an increased stature in terms of their ability within their defined business model to again add liquidity to our system. So we think at the margin of those trends should be beneficial to help our hit rate. As we discussed, it’s up significantly first quarter this year to 74% and we do believe that has a room to run from there.
Kelley Millet: Let me just comment, it’s Kelley, briefly on sort of the factors that will influence short term market share. First, obviously is overall market liquidity. The second is, buy side investor flow imbalances i.e. if the market is also want it or didn’t want it. And the third is the percentage of IDT or Inter Dealer Trading as a percent of overall TRACE. So those factors can influence share by a tenth, two-tenth, three-tenth depending on which direction that they move. Although, we don’t forecast our share number as we are still a week or so away from releasing volumes, in the current environment, we don’t see anything that is materially different or out of context in terms of what we saw in the first quarter.
Tony DeLise: Justin this is Tony. That, US high-grade fee capture rate there are lots of item that impact that rate from the fourth quarter to the first quarter, the two single biggest items with the shorter average duration of bonds traded on the platform as well as a lower contribution from our hybrid execution desk and you will that average duration, it will probably hit all time highs at least over the five year, all time highs during 2009 and it has migrated down slightly in 2010. The way our fee plan works for high-graded it is depended on duration and also again this is a hybrid trading desk with what’s happened in the market with what’s happened with spreads, the contribution from that business is a little lower in the first quarter then it was in the fourth quarter.
Tony DeLise: Chris this is Tony. And then in the first quarter and we did had $625,000 of what we’ll call one-time cost.
Tony DeLise: If you back that out there will be some changes in the expenses as we progress during the year, but if you back out with 625, it probably gets you back to that run rate at the higher end of that range then.
