Chris Gerosa: Thank you, Chris. On Slide 8, we provide a summary of our quarterly financials. For the quarter, we delivered record revenue of $203 million, up 9% driven by strong market share gains across most products. On a constant currency basis, revenues would've increased approximately 11%. Record information services revenue is up 12% or 18%, excluding the impact of foreign exchange. The benefit of the contract signed in the fourth quarter and increased adoption of CP+, Axess All Prints and TraX data was a positive driver of a strong year-over-year performance. First quarter post-trade revenue included the negative impact of approximately $700,000 on the strengthening U.S. dollar compared to the prior year quarter. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, the year-over-year growth rate would've been approximately 8%. The lower contribution from RFQ hub was driven by a tax adjustment related to the 2022 financials. The effective tax rate was 25% below the prior year period. On Slide 9, we provide more detail on our commission revenue and our fees per million. Total commission revenue increased 10%. Our growth in total credit commission revenue was driven by record increases in estimated market share and healthy increases in our trading volume, but was partially offset by lower average fee capture across U.S. high grade. The reduction in high grade fee capture from prior year was driven principally by the lower duration of U.S. high grade bonds traded over our platform compared to the prior year. While U.S. high grade fee capture declined year-over-year, duration has remained relatively stable over the last several months as reflected in the corporate bond duration index. On Slide 10, we provide a summary of our operating expenses. First quarter expenses increased 10% driven principally by investments to enhance the trading system and our data product offering. Excluding the impact of foreign exchange, expenses would’ve increased 12%. Employee compensation and benefits increased $5 million on a 12% increase in headcount, mainly in technology and customer facing roles to support revenue growth initiatives. Tech and communications expenses increased $3 million due to higher subscription and data hosting expenses. Clearing costs were flat, despite higher Open Trading volumes due to renegotiated clearing fees related to U.S. treasuries and the favorable impact of foreign exchange. Our marketing and G&A expenses increased principally due to increases in advertising. G&A costs, higher office related expenses that have been reduced in a prior year due to the pandemic. On Slide 11, we provide an update on our balance sheet, cash flow, and capital management. Our balance sheet continues to be solid with cash and investments totaling $440 million, and we had no outstanding debt at quarter end. We are prudently investing our cash to take advantage of a favorable interest rate environment to continue to deliver strong net interest income in the coming quarters. We are a strong cash flow generator as our trailing 12-month free cash flow came in at $271 million. During the past 12 months, we paid out $107 million in quarterly dividends to our shareholders. And our Board of Directors declared a regular quarterly cash dividend of $0.72 based on the financial performance of the company. Now let me turn the call over the Rick to provide an update on market conditions and a long-term growth opportunity ahead of us.
Chris Gerosa: Hi, Kyle. And just a reminder, the MuniBroker fee model was a subscription-based model. And it ranged anywhere from $60 to $80 per million. And our plan is to convert that volume into Open Trading, where we'll capture our Open Trading team model. And minding everyone, this is a tax-exempt muni product, which typically ranges between $150 to $200 per million. So we're looking to capture that either fee card as we transition that volume into our platform.
Chris Gerosa: So there's – I appreciate the question. There's three important days left in the month. Obviously, it's month end. So we certainly enjoy higher levels of activity around month end and we'll be putting out our monthly volumes and market share next week. So it's just a little bit too early to predict where our market share levels are going to end up. But as I mentioned in the open remarks, we are seeing market share in high grade above Q1.
Chris Gerosa: I would just point out a growth in open trading and particularly a doubling of open trading will produce additional cash to our balance sheet pretty dramatically given our current corporate margins. So that's a healthy problem to have as you grow open trading to produce more cash into the balance sheet. So again, Chris mentioned spikes in open trading. We have plenty of capital to support open trading spikes and open trading growth as it stands today.
Chris Concannon: Well, first thanks for the question and thanks for the congrats. Rich, you’ve probably – you’ve covered me for a long enough number of years that you probably already know my answer to the question. I’m quite bullish about electronification of the bond market. I’ll start by mentioning we did have record volume and record revenue in our automation suite. But the first key ingredient to automation is data. Data is a key ingredient. If you have good data, you’re going to have good automation. Second, if automation replicates what manual traders do identically or a similar replication, then you’ll have constant growth in automation, meaning people will adopt it to gain efficiencies. The key ingredient to what I’d call accelerated growth of automation is if it achieves better results than the human execution and does it efficiently. And that’s really what we’re targeting Adaptive Auto-X to do, which is achieve better results by automating the execution, solution across protocols, across liquidity pools and giving it unique data. Our automation, it’s important to point out our automation suite, which Adaptive Auto-X is just in pilot now and just launched just a couple weeks ago. But our overall automation suite grew 40% year-over-year which is quite healthy growth to hit those records. And more recently we saw in – we launched Auto-X in municipal, and we saw that grow quickly to 23% of total exempt trades, which is pretty impressive growth. So my point is, Rich, that automation when it’s starts to be adopted, it can have pretty healthy growth rates, even in the more challenging market that we saw in the first quarter. The automation tools held up throughout the difficulties of March. With all that said and all that growth and all those records when you really add up our total automation footprint in the U.S. corporate bond market, it’s just under 2% of the market. So we have a really long way to go when it comes to automation. To put that in comparison, the FX market has seen algos – client algos now achieve over 20% of the market. So while we’ve still seen record volume and record growth in our automation suite. We’re at the early stages of automating the full bond market.
Chris Concannon: So great question. I mean, we couldn’t be any more bullish about the bond market, despite the – what I’ll call momentary or temporary disruption in the market. Rich, bonds are cool again. We’re seeing a higher interest from our clients as well as their clients in terms of allocation of investment dollars towards fixed income market. It’s certainly a market that is providing better yield and better principal protection than the stock market. I would say we are in a risk off environment coming off the heels of a – the market disruption in the banking sector. But we also are seeing a unique April month of holidays. I will tell you my friends in the equities, the FX, the derivatives, and even the crypto market, they’re all complaining about volumes. So it’s not unique to the fixed income market. It’s really market wide that we’re seeing this risk off environment. We do have the Fed next week, so I do think a lot of investors are sitting on the fine line waiting to see some of the Fed moves, and we are going through earning season as well. This week we are seeing higher levels of activity. So it’s encouraging now that all the vacation and spring breaks are over, we’re seeing higher levels of activity. More importantly, we do see and expect higher new issue market in May. So we’re hearing more positive things around the new issue market in May.
Chris Concannon: So that’s a very appropriate question Rich. I would say my golf score is correlated to our revenue and market share. As it – as our revenue and market share goes up, my golf score, my handicap will continue to rise.
Chris Concannon: Yes. So obviously the growth in market data, and as we mentioned, we saw record revenues in our market data in Q1, largely driven by the growth of CP-plus across U.S. high grade, high yield EM and Eurobonds. It’s certainly becoming the benchmark of real-time pricing in the U.S. corporate bond market and where – that’s where we’re seeing the demand for CP-plus. So we’re excited about that. That CP-plus is a key driver of our automation success. Again, record revenue and record volumes in our automation suite driven by the superiority of CP-plus. It’s a key ingredient as well to our Adaptive Auto-X, which allows clients to take advantage of across all of our different protocols and also take advantage of providing liquidity based on CP-plus pricing. So it’s certainly a sign that our largest institutional clients are comfortable with the price point of CP-plus and what it produces in terms of price of U.S. bonds. Adaptive Auto-X’s early days, I will tell you the excitement as we went out to talk to our largest clients across the U.S. and Europe, they’re all extremely excited about access to Adaptive Auto-X. We had to actually reduced the pilot because of overwhelming demand to get into the pilot, but it’s early days and something that we’re super excited about.
Chris Concannon: Yes, no, it’s an exciting area, Kyle, that we’ve spent a lot of time on. We have a team dedicated to our hedge fund segment and particularly focused on the systematic fund complex. That’s an area that’s exciting to me because I’ve known these clients from my equity and FX days and they’re all ramping up and gearing up to take advantage of the current fixed income market structure. All to all is a key ingredient to them. They are both – they both cross the spread, but more importantly, they are providers of liquidity and see that as a huge opportunity to launch some of their trading strategies in the fixed income market. In an environment where you only cross spread, it's very difficult for systematic hedge funds to engage their strategies in that market. And our all-to-all platform provides them with the ability to both provide liquidity as well as cross spread at a much more reasonable cost. And that's the key part of their trading strategy. I would say there's a healthy pipeline of new entry from the systematic fund group. I think we're still early days. We've seen some fund groups have substantial success in the U.S. credit market across both high-yield and high-grade, and they're certainly expanding that success into other product areas. But I'd say it's a healthy pipeline, and we're still a long way off from a more mature entry of that segment.
Chris Concannon: Sure. First, on overall muni, the muni business is thriving. We did hit a record market share in the muni market, so again another record for the quarter. We're super excited about the integration of MuniBrokers. Our vision of the MuniBrokers acquisition was, one, collection and acquisition of data to help us build our data products across all our products; but also it was the acquisition of more liquidity and more transaction volume, so not only the MuniBrokers business, but also integrating a large quantity of that business into our MarketAxess pool of liquidity. We've started that final step of integration and are very excited about the outcome so far, but it's not a big bang integration. It's a multistep integration over the course of the next quarter. With regard to capture, I'll let Chris jump in and answer the capture question.
Chris Concannon: Sure. First of all, we obviously saw a record volume and record revenue in our high-yield market in the first quarter. So again, a number of records in the first quarter. As we look at April, obviously, volumes – and TRACE volumes are down substantially across both high grade and high yield. So it's a more challenging market. And then – but overall, the high-yield market, I'm super excited about. We continue to make headway in the high-yield market. Our OT penetration is a key ingredient in high yield. We saw 51% of our high-yield volume be through Open Trading liquidity, which obviously is where we're gaining a great deal of market share. But overall, we see high-yield participants enjoying that alternative liquidity, particularly when the market continues to get stressed. So when there's volatility in the high-yield market, Open Trading does spike, as I mentioned in my opening remarks. So to the extent there's additional volatility, to the extent we see high-grade bonds dropping into the high-yield market, we'll continue to see that volatility throughout the course of the year. And that volatility does -- has historically led to higher market share for our Open Trading.
Chris Concannon: Well, there was clear volatility in March throughout and more importantly there's a number of distressed bonds that we don't trade in Open Trading during those times. But yes, we saw substantial volatility in March, which also led to some of those spike market shares in our Open Trading solution.
Chris Concannon: Yes. Well, first, our primary business is the institutional credit business, the institutional fixed income business. That's our distribution channel and has been historically. We have seen a recent rise in retail in the market, an area that we haven't dedicated full resources to. We do see an opportunity in retail, and we've made headway with Axess IQ, our private bank offering in Europe. We're seeing higher demand for that offering. We've launched it to a client in Asia as well. So we do see an opportunity in retail, particularly given where our execution quality sits in terms of the institutional market. If you look at the muni market, even high grade and high yield, the overall market trade size is declining from a historic level. So we're seeing smaller trade sizes across our platform and across the TRACE market. So we do think we have a very viable retail offering given the quality price that we can deliver with an Open Trading trade execution, just higher quality price and being able to deliver at much smaller sizes than historically. So we think there is a wonderful retail opportunity as retail reinvest in the fixed income market given the yields that this market is showing.
Chris Concannon: So first, we thrive in volatile markets. We do – if you look back at 2020, there was obviously records set across 2020. So our platform, our offering does thrive in volatile markets. More importantly, and March was evidence of this, our automation tools ran consistently throughout the disruption and volatility in March so – which is a key differentiator from prior volatile times like 2020. So we feel really good about the offering. We feel exceptionally good about the liquidity that is provided through our all-to-all during more volatile times. As I mentioned, our OT markets or Open Trading all-to-all market share did spike upwards during the most volatile times of March, reflecting alternative liquidity providers stepping into the market when traditional providers are stepping back from that market. So we feel good if there's volatility in the market. We feel really good about our position in the market. And – but particularly around the distressed bonds, that's a market where – and again, they're not frequent, but that's a market that does tend to go to the phone or go to chat when there is a distressed bond situation. But again, we do enjoy the benefits of volatility. So if volatility comes back into the market, we would expect an offering that is quite comfortable for our clients.
Chris Concannon: Well, first of all, the new entry, particularly the systematic fund complex, I think it actually has a benefit to our market share, but overall turnover in the market. These are new strategies that are being launched into the fixed income market that we haven't seen before. So it's really new turnover and attractive to both us and our clients, our bank clients and our liquidity providers to interact with that kind of liquidity. So the new entry is a positive for not only the liquidity and the bond market, but also overall turnover and velocity of trading in the bond market. Obviously, the new entry takes full advantage of all-to-all, so we're obviously favored given our all-to-all offering across all of our products from high-grade to high-yield to munis, and even our treasury product is another place where we're seeing entry. So super positive for the market, super positive for velocity and turnover in the fixed income market, but particularly positive for MarketAxess and our all-to-all offerings across all the products.
Chris Concannon: Sure. First, I want to point out that we had first quarter record revenues and record volumes across most of our products. We certainly – and we also had a sizable growth in share in our U.S. corporate products as well, high yield grew over three percentage points in market share. And we had records in open trading ADV across U.S. corporate bonds as well. So overall growth and records across our U.S. corporate products is quite exciting, when we look at, if we want to get granular and look at a market share of high grade, we saw across TRACE higher levels of retail. That's a client segment that we have not chased after or spent resources on, retail clients do have connectivity to us, but the overall retail market did grow in investment grade bonds over the course of the first quarter. And that's explains some of the lower average trade size in the TRACE market as well. But quite frankly, we're quite happy with record revenues and record volumes across our U.S. corporate market and quite happy with our market share growth across the U.S. corporate market.
Chris Concannon: Yes, Dan, it was really a combination year-over-year and sequentially both upgrades and new dealers signing on for fixed fee plans. But as you point out, it's difficult to anticipate what that number or how it could change going forward. From a modeling perspective, we would recommend, and we're looking at it as Q1 being the run rate, but also recognizing that there is risk to our fixed distribution fees to the extent there's consolidation in the dealer sector, we could see fees dissipate or alternatively we could see new dealers come on board to offset that.
Chris Concannon: Sure. First of all, open trading continues to set records. So we had a record revenue in open trading and we obviously see saw record spikes of open trading market share of our overall market. And it also continues to deliver substantial cost savings to our clients. And as I mentioned in my open remarks, cost savings that are actually higher than our total revenue, so very attractive to our client base. The other attractive piece that open trading delivers is the ability for clients to avoid crossing spread and reduce – and improve their overall execution quality. And that's an area of focus of ours as we encourage clients, more clients to use all open trading to provide other clients with liquidity. It's a key ingredient to our treasury offering as well, where we're offering open trading or all to all in the treasury market for the first time and seeing a number of very large clients taking advantage of that offering. So exciting activities in our open trading offering in treasuries but also across open trading – across all our products, it continues to be a driver of market share in munis, in our emerging markets in high yield and high grade. So super exciting activity in the quarter on our all to all open trading offering. And we're continuing to see clients and client behavior change to take advantage of that.
Chris Concannon: Yes, I'll take this one. I made comments in my prepared remarks that with respect to the high grade fee capture, we've seen stability and it's very indicative of the Bloomberg Duration index that's out there for everybody to monitor. And there's a lot of factors that contribute to our fee capture. You have the product mix, you have the protocol mix across our Q1 open trading, and so it really depends month to month on what mix of product is coming through. And I'll point to where we saw upside in historical quarters was we saw a heavier mix of high yield, which is our highest fee product in the product set. And in this month we're seeing elevated volumes with Eurobonds relative to the market volumes that we're seeing sequentially, which is one of the lower fee capture products. So really goes down to what's the product mix because we're not seeing the same impact that we saw with the high grade duration compressing our fee capture year-over-year.
Chris Concannon: Yes, so in a peak of March, we had enough capital residing within our two clearing broker dealers to support the elevated trading volumes that we were seeing in light of it contributing to increased fails and increased deposit requirements. So of the $330 million of cash that you saw at the end of March, roughly $200 million of that was residing within the two clearing entities to support open trading. So as we think about our balance sheet today, we feel very comfortable with the amount of capital residing in the company to support our business and not seen on the balance sheet. We didn't have any outstanding debt at quarter end, but we do have access to $750 million of borrowing facilities, a secured facility at the holding company and $250 million unsecured facility at the holding company and $250 million of secured to broker dealers, which we have not had to borrow on late, but we do have the ability to secure additional funds if we need to.
Chris Concannon: So Patrick, I'll jump in here, but as you know, following us for a long time, those numbers ebb and flow with the calendar. So the newly issued bonds and peak periods can get up to 12% 13% of TRACE in the short-term. And they average something lower than that, probably more like 7%. So it ebbs and flows with the calendar, but quite honestly, I don't think the dynamic has changed in terms of the competitive landscape around new issues.
Chris Concannon: Sure. Our portfolio trading solution had record volume in Q1. It's grown substantially year-over-year. We have obviously been delivering numerous features and functionality to clients throughout the course of 2022 and even today we're constantly delivering functionality. So the reception is in the numbers given the records that we've seen in portfolio trading. I do think portfolio trading particularly in March and part of the first quarter is a little bit challenged to provide portfolio trading during more volatile times. But portfolio trading is an important part of the market and we'll continue to be here as a workflow solution for clients and we continue to deliver high value tool for clients to manage their portfolio. I think the next step in portfolio trading is really building the analytics to decide what to portfolio and what not to put in your portfolio trading. Which is really what we're hearing from our clients in terms of demand, they want to understand analytics around the portfolio to adjust their portfolio, either pull bonds out or put bonds in to improve the pricing of a portfolio. But certainly very pleased with our performance in the portfolio trading landscape.
