Richard McVey: Thank you, Chris. In summary, we continue to execute well against our long-term growth strategy. The record volumes we registered this quarter are a clear sign that the investments we have made to expand our gross cylinders and increase our product diversification are paying off. New and innovative protocols that we have built are modernizing fixed income market structure and gaining momentum. Our strong execution combined with the improving market conditions and global fixed income set the stage for a promising period of growth ahead. Now I would be happy to open the line for your questions.
Richard McVey: Sure. And I certainly gave a piece of that Rich in the prepared remarks, looking at combined high-grade and high-yield estimated share for April month to date at over 20% compared to the first quarter average of 19.1%. But in addition to that, the reason that we're excited is when we look across our new and expanded product suite, we're seeing those share gains come through also in emerging markets, Eurobonds, treasuries, and municipal bonds. So the momentum that we're seeing in share, combined with the market condition improvement, is what gets us more excited about growth in the periods ahead.
Richard McVey: They're both part of the corporate bond market in the U.S. So given that we're just three weeks into the new quarter, we thought we would just give you a combined market share. And obviously in a week-and-a-half, we'll have all the details out on both high-grade and high-yield. But high-grade is clearly the more important piece given the size of that market relative to high-yield. So I think you can interpret that – the share trends are positive in both.
Richard McVey: We actually published on our website the standard fee plan. So if you wanted to get a flavor of each individual category, I would refer you to the website of MarketAxess.
Richard McVey: I think the important takeaway from Q1, Rich, is the point that Chris made earlier that we have made no changes to our fee plans. So in high-grade, you had the combined change of higher rates overall and a flatter yield curve. And that not surprisingly causes reduced duration when duration goes down, high-grade fee capture goes down because institutional investors trade on corporate bond spreads to treasuries and our fee model is on yield, not price. So that is the sole reason that the fee capture dropped in Q1, probably larger than prior some other prior periods because of the extent of the rate increase and the very rapid flattening of the yield curve. But as Chris mentioned earlier, as we look forward, we don't see the same level of volatility in high-grade fee capture and none of this has come from any changes whatsoever in our fee models.
Richard McVey: The sensitivity on duration is highest when rates are the lowest, which of course they were through the second half of last year. So we've already gone through the most sensitive change in duration with the current interest rate increase that's gone through. And as you know, the curve has completely flattened. So those two things have already occurred, which would suggest to us that we're not likely to see the same level of duration change in the periods ahead.
Richard McVey: Sure. Happy to Brian. And first of all in terms of the market environment around portfolio trading, a year-ago portfolio trading volumes and share were growing on a fairly steep curve. If you look at the TRACE tape and what appears to be portfolio trading activity within TRACE, it is stabilized at about 5% secondary market share of TRACE for high-grade and high-yield combined over the last 10 months or so. So it's kind of settled in at about 5% of the market, not showing the same levels of growth. Currently, I personally think in conversation with our dealer clients, that one of the key reasons for that is with both rates and credit spread volatility up significantly, it's much harder for the dealers to manage the risk in portfolios than it was during much of last year when volatility was very low. So you are seeing the market level stabilized. As we mentioned, we had a record quarter in PT. We continue to print with more clients. We printed with all the dealers that we believe are active in portfolio trading, and we continue to strive to be number one in portfolio trading as we are in other protocols in credit trading overall. So it's an investment area for us. It's moving in the right direction, still represents a relatively small part of secondary trading. And I think if volatility remains high, that's likely to remain the case.
Richard McVey: So on our recurring revenue, we obviously have three buckets there. Our dealer distribution fees, our post-trade business, which has grown over the last year, and then obviously our data business, which we're pretty excited about particularly given some of the new products that we've launched, CP+ and Axess All continues to be the driver of growth within the data piece of the business. But we do have some very attractive exciting new products like our European prints, which is a trade tape for Europe, as well as our CP total markets, which is just CP+ with very broad coverage across a broader set of bonds globally. And then within CP+, we have a number of products at the product level. So you obviously have the opportunity to launch CP+ for treasuries. We obviously have a growing CP+ for emerging markets, which is obviously a market that needs more transparency and is under great demand from our clients. So we continue to see our opportunity in the information services space grow over time. As we add market share, we're actually adding more data to our offering, so those records that you're hearing about in the first quarter across our volume and across our products is growing our data opportunity as well.
Richard McVey: It does compound because as clients add more products or add more differential products, they're adding to their overall spend on the platform. But we're careful about how fast we grow it because obviously we want to see more growth and volume and more dealer participation. So we're being very cautious on how we grow that. And just a reminder, there's certain data products that will not be for sale for end users. They won't be embedded in our automation solution. So products around how to trade a bond, when to trade a bond, who to trade a bond with, those are important products that will drive, uniquely drive our trading automation tools and will only be for sale through those tools. So there is some exclusive data that we will keep proprietary and not make available for sale.
Richard McVey: Yes. Happy to take that and Chris might have some things to add as well. But yes, a lot of flows in and out that impact market share. And certainly March was an enormous new issue month in high grade that all else equal may have very well massed some of the underlying positive trends in our high grade market share that seemed to be reversing here in April, but there is economic logic when volatility and price dispersion grow. The cost savings that we deliver to clients also grow. And if you look at Q3 and Q4, where we had very little credit spread volatility, our quarterly transaction cost savings from open trading delivered to clients, we're around $125 million or $130 million per quarter.  If you look at Q1, it jumped to $200 million. So clients see that trade-by-trade. They're seeing the price improvement that we're delivering in. We are optimistic as it has in the past most notably in 2020, that it does change behavior. And it's an advantage that we have that is not shared elsewhere in the marketplace because of the almost 10-year investment we have in all-to-all trading in credit that's now carrying us into rates. So the price improvement is there and certainly early days in the second quarter, the market share trends are coming back our way as well. And I also think that as dealers have a more difficult time pricing portfolios, portfolio trades given the level of volatility, there's – at the margin, there's a shift back to open trading bid and offer lists, where the whole market is able to compete for that order flow and provide transaction cost savings in a market environment like we are in now.
Richard McVey: Well, all else equal it's likely to benefit our share because of the patterns and practices on trading newly issued bonds in the first week. So March was an outlier in terms of the size of new issuance, especially in high grade. April has tapered off, it looks more like a normal April, as we see things currently, but the broadly held view is that corporates were frontloading more of their issuance this year because of their expectation that rates were likely to rise throughout the balance of the year. So I do think that the expectation is that the overall levels of new issue activity will be lower in the remaining quarters of this year.
Richard McVey: Sure. Happy to help there. Obviously, I continue to be excited about our munis opportunity. Again, we had record volume in the first quarter $7.7 billion. So we continue to see clients coming to us and using us as a solution. The other interesting fact is we only had 275 active clients as of March, which is obviously up from just February. And that's a small portion of our overall almost 2,000 clients globally. So we do see a growth opportunity just in terms of client penetration and adding clients to our muni network. Open trading continues to be a viable tool for the muni market both in terms of some of the alternative liquidity providers that provide price in that market, but also allowing clients to participate directly in the muni market. Our exempt muni business grew to $1.5 billion, which is up 84% from Q1 2021. So we're seeing growth both in the taxable side as well as the tax-exempt side, and we're seeing growth out of our dealer RFQ offering, which leverages open trading as well, we are close to 80% since Q1 2021. The acquisition certainly adds close to 4% market share to our overall munis footprint. We see that both in terms of trading opportunities, but also in terms of the data opportunity that munis present. There is really not a great real-time muni feed in that market. And we see an opportunity to introduce better pricing, better transparency across the muni market. And we're slowly integrating the MuniBrokers platform onto our open trading network as well to further integrate that acquisition, but pretty happy with munis generally and thus far early days with the MuniBrokers acquisition, but pretty happy with the overall footprint of what we touch in the munis market.
Richard McVey: Yes. I'm happy to start. The EM local markets are at the earliest stages of electronification. And I think the – what we've successfully built is a global network of clients and dealers to build a unique workflow and liquidity solution in EM local markets. And it's driven today primarily by global investors, but our success in the regions that were mentioned in the prepared remarks is reflecting more adoption by local market participants within country. And that's where the big opportunity still exists. So we're in low-single digit. We think of the market opportunity in EM local and to have 30 markets available in one place with the workflow solution that we do is we think is a huge advantage to both dealers and investors active in those markets. So it's another example of where we think there is a tremendous amount of runway ahead in a market that we've been investing in for quite some time.
Richard McVey: I think there's a growing menu of suite and suite of solutions available to clients here than there has been in the past. But we're super excited about Live Markets obviously much further along already in treasuries, but I think order books have a real role to play in the future liquidity structure of fixed income. And we are certainly in a great place to be the leader and provider of Live Markets. And it's really interesting to see that a year ago, we only had one dedicated market maker in corporate bond Live Markets. We're at five now, we expect two or three more during this quarter. So you're seeing dealers get excited by order books being really an important source of not only making markets for them, but also finding their own liquidity. And if we can build that base in the most liquid end of the corporate bond market, it will have positive implications for the entire – rest of the less liquid corporate bond market. And it's directly tied into what we're trying to do with the MarketAxess 400 Index is those most liquid bonds that we now have available in our order book are also part of that index.  So I see Live Markets as really a catalyst for greater velocity in the periods ahead. It's tough to say with portfolio trading. I think that some of it, it is potentially an alternative way for clients to transfer risk. And part of it is probably new opportunities that have been made available. But Live Markets is where I would say, Patrick, we have the biggest opportunity to make a real difference in both credit and rates in terms of offering a new and live liquidity solution. 
Richard McVey: And we've used the distribution fee with dealers for a number of years, and it's very attractive to certain dealers given their overall volumes. And as we attract more clients onto the platform, which is obviously happening with our record active client numbers, more dealers will opt into those standardized distribution fees to participate in that client flow. So it's really reflective of the growth of the overall client base that we're adding that just that dealers are opting into more attractive dealer fee.
Richard McVey: Yes. You know what gives me confidence is 20 years of history Dan, is that, we've gained a lot of share over that time. And we had an outsized market share gain year in 2020 and a little flatter year in 2021 when we had no volatility in our markets, but volatility is back. And that's where the liquidity advantage that we've worked so hard to create versus our competitors comes in more strongly with our clients. And it does drive their behavior. So in April, we're starting to see spread levels move out. I think as people contemplate a higher probability of recession risk down the road, you're going to see more volatility in spreads. I think you're clearly going to see sustained volatility in rates and when that price dispersion grows, every period in history, the open trading transaction fee advantages that we have drive our market share higher.  And I'm just looking at this grid saying, I've never seen seven product areas moving higher in share at one time, the way that we're seeing it right now. So it's beyond just our core business and we're seeing it in treasuries and munis coming through very clearly as well. So a lot of work to create this broader footprint, but it does increase our addressable market. And we've got a long history of growing market share. We don't think that there's any interruption in that long-term story and the early results as we start Q2 are gratifying. And in terms of seeing that the open trading price differential is really coming through for our clients and they're trading a larger percentage of their business here.
Richard McVey: Yes. I think ETFs are an important part of the new liquidity model in fixed income overall. And I view it as similar to the connection between S&P futures and underlying stock trading, they're complementary to each other and ultimately lead to growth and in both sets over time. And I think that's the way the story will play out with the growth in ETF activity as well. The fund flows were fairly benign during the first quarter. So I don't think you had a catalyst for money managers to transact created by fund flows. And you did see modest declines in year-over-year activity around 5% or so in high grade or high yield. But I continue to be excited by what we see as the new risk transfer tools that are available in the market. The growth in all-to-all trading and the grid growth in automation that Chris has been talking about and to me that all leads to the prospects of higher velocity in the years ahead, very long-term trends and didn't come through as clearly as you might have expected in the first quarter. But I still believe that's the direction of travel with the new liquidity model that is developing for fixed income 
Richard McVey: Well, if you look at the two or three years prior to 2021, yes. And then you had an unusually benign market environment for both rates and credits, credit almost all of last year. So you did see a modest decline in velocity last year. The big change Chris happened actually on the back of bank regulatory reform in 2012 and 2013. And for obvious reasons, bank turnover went way down. And I think what you're seeing now is the establishment of a brand new fixed income trading infrastructure that dealers are embracing and clients are embracing as well to create new ways to transfer risk that don't require as much balance sheet. And we think where we certainly feel like we're at the center of that with the automation and the all-to-all trading protocols that we're developing consistently and the market is embracing. And that's what leads to my optimism that we will see higher velocity in the periods ahead. Let's not forget too that all-to-all trading has brought a lot of new participants into the credit markets and there are more coming. We are talking to lots of hedge funds in particular that are building up systematic credit trading strategies. And I do think it's because of the ability to participate in all-to-all markets. So we saw that already on the market making side with some significant new participants competing for order flow on the dealer side. And I think there's more to come on the hedge fund and investor side as well. So all that feeds into my view that you will see a long-term improvement in trading velocity.
Richard McVey: It's the latter, Alex. We're confident in our high yield solution. We know from recent history in 2020 that when high yield volatility picks up and people start to get more concerned about default risk in high yield, that all-to-all liquidity is incredibly valuable. We have almost 50% of our trades that have price improvement versus traditional methods of execution. So we remain highly confident that we have an important role to play in the high yield markets and that we are super excited about this being the very beginning of what we expect to be a three or four-year period of higher volatility after a long period of significant quantitative easing that suppressed yields and volatility in the past. So that is our view.
Richard McVey: Yes. So the dealer migration impact on the other credit is probably roughly about $3 per dealer move. And you saw the nice pickup of the increase in the distribution fees. And to my point earlier, it's a win-win for us because it's a sign that these high yield dealers are going to trade more on a platform. They recognize the economies of scale being on that fixed distribution fee plan and it increases our recurring revenue. As we look forward with other credit, we'd expect the mix shift in the products was impacted by an increased level of EM local market trading in the first quarter. But as high yield volume picks up, they command a much higher fee capture. So we'd expect that to balance out as we look forward in the other credit fee capture.
Richard McVey: Thank you for joining us this morning and we look forward to catching up with you again next quarter.
Christopher Gerosa: Yes. Each market – this is Chris Gerosa. Each market has a different rate. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, the EM local markets are more of a rate focused product offerings. So you'll see those fee capture rates trend below $100 per million, which is one of the reasons why you set a duration in the fee capture quarter-to-quarter.
Christopher Gerosa: Yes. Great question, Kyle. Obviously, we had a record in the first quarter of $1.6 trillion, up 37%. Ironically the role out there you're referring to came at the end of the quarter. So we recently integrated our Live Markets for rates with clients OMS integration. It was a key integration. So prior to that clients didn't have an easy way to move their orders from their OMS into that solution. That's now fully integrated at the end of the quarter. We've also introduced in our RFQ platform, an open trading solution for treasuries. So those two integrations are what clients have been asking for as we've been pitching them on our treasury solution. I think they're both important because one is, it's a combined offering of streaming prices, a true click to trade solution, fully integrated with their OMS, and then a RFQ solution, both disclosed and an open trading solution that – right now doesn't exist in the treasury market. Ironically, even though most people think the treasury market is further advanced from electronification.  The introduction of open trading is something that the Fed has called for in their research of the treasury market. And obviously a number of regulators are quite focused on our introduction of the open trading solution which is now fully integrated and fully introduced as of this month. So we're getting great deal of excitement, certainly from some of the larger clients. From my vantage point, it's the first time a client – a large institutional client can leave a resting order in an all-to-all market in treasuries, ironically, something that didn't exist prior to this introduction. So we're pretty excited about the opportunity in treasuries and really excited about the feedback we're getting from clients as we roll out the platform to individual clients.
Christopher Gerosa: Yes. Kyle, so in the first quarter of 2022, the years to maturity was just under nine years about 8.9. And if you look back over the course of the last five years, it's gotten as low as 7.5 years back in 2018 and 2019. And at that point in time, that's when you saw the last cycle there being a flat yield curve. And the fee capture was trading throughout 2018 at a range from $154 to $157 relatively stable range. And that's more or less where we are today. And if you look back in time when the yield curve started to steepen again, you saw years of maturity extend, which extended the duration and you saw the high grade fee capture pickup accordingly.
Christopher Gerosa: Yes. Now the sensitivity on years to maturity is more in the mid-teens for every one year movement. But what – as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, what we're seeing in April, is an extension of duration and which has been driven by a longer duration that we're seeing on a platform.
Christopher Gerosa: And Rick, I'll just add. The open trading market share did increase across our product. So we are seeing it grow as a percent of overall market. In high yield, it obviously went up to 49% from 48% from the prior year, muni saw the largest jump to 48.6% of our volume is done in open trading. And even Eurobonds had growth, EM is where you just have to parse through the numbers. Our EM local markets do not include an open trading offering currently. So that growth in local markets does skew our overall EM open trading. But excluding our local market volume, open trading grew in emerging markets as well. So we are seeing that open trading value re-service in the market. The other area where, we talked – Rick talked about $200 million savings in open trading cost savings in Q1 where we're seeing even larger savings. We're seeing clients come into open trading and responding to other clients RFQ. So for the first time they are using either auto responder or manually responding to other RFQs. And we're seeing that behavior that introduces sizable savings beyond just the cost savings of open trading alternative liquidity providers. And that behavior is something that we're working closely with clients to increase. In high yield alone, we saw client savings reach close to $600 per trade by just responding to other clients RFQ. So those are sizable savings that clients can achieve. And it's really a way for clients to use limit orders as opposed to crossing the market through a traditional RFQ. So those savings are there. They're obviously been growing in Q1 and we're seeing those same levels in April as well.
Christopher Gerosa: And I'll just add, the EM local market is a heavily brokered market really to achieve anonymity. And we're obviously exploring, expanding our open trading solution across local markets. We see an opportunity to provide anonymity into that market and further electronify, as Rick mentioned, it's a phone-based market somewhat chat based as well, but really electronification of that market is early days. And we see an exciting opportunity for open trading to introduce the anonymity that's really achieved through the phone and the brokers today. So exciting large market and a great opportunity for us.
Christopher Gerosa: And Patrick, I'll just add. What we've heard from clients particularly the hedge fund clients, the opportunity to place orders on a live order book and not just request price or respond to RFQs in a more automated way using things like our automation tools. Those are exciting clients to actually trade credit like they've never traded before. They're seeing trade opportunities that didn't exist before. So I really think there's a higher velocity embedded in these new trading protocols that we're delivering, whether it's automation or Live Markets, it is giving a certain subset of the client population trading strategies that they just haven't deployed in the credit market before. So higher opportunity, lower costs of trading that introduces trades that they otherwise wouldn't make in the past.
Christopher Gerosa: Yes. There was – we made no changes to the fees, but there were certain dealers that were online. And to your point, I guess we do have some pricing advantages with the attraction of trading on the distribution fee plan is a scale of them doing more business. So that pickup – we wanted to make the point that that increase in distribution fees didn't have anything to really do with the migration because that wasn't impacting, our fee capture is all about the ratio, but we're getting people to more standardized levels as we move forward.
Christopher Gerosa: And Dan, I'll just add. If you look at the records that we're setting across, not just our products, but also automation which is largely driven by high grade and high yield activity, but a record of 49 billion in the first quarter, which is up 36% from a year ago. It's now just in high grade alone our automation is 25% of trades is done through automation on the platform. That's very sticky business, and we're not even fully penetrated across the client base that is using it. We don't have all the largest clients set up for automation. So I see that opportunity is growing here dramatically over time.  Auto-Responder hit a record this quarter as well, and it’s still lightly used by most of our largest clients. And that's an opportunity to save sizeable dollars using open trading through automation. So just when you look at the full automation of the bond market in the future, we're still in early innings of what really has to happen when you look at, if you compare the bond market to other asset classes and how automated their trading activity is across the same client base that we're working with. We have a long way to go and really it will leverage not only our automation tools, but the liquidity that we deliver through a growing open trading solution across high grade, high yield munis, treasuries, all of the products that we offer here, automation cuts across every one of those products and continues to grow and continues to be in high demand from our largest clients. 
Christopher Gerosa: Great question. It's really in high demand from our largest institutional client. So I think very large money managers around the planet that have lots of trade tickets and they'd like to do that fully electronically, fully automated either in what we call low touch fashion or a no touch fashion, no touch just means they deliver it through an API to a set of pre-instructed commands for the automation to execute. What's interesting about our automation right now, it's primarily an auto-RFQ solution. So we're really just mirroring the activity of either a manual electronic RFQ or a phone-based RFQ, where automation really starts to deliver sizeable savings is through things like Auto-Responder behaviors or trading at mid or automation that leverages our Live Markets or above. Those are all things that we have in our plans over time and that's really exciting for what we can do with automation because of the savings it delivers. Not only is it a savings for clients to kind of reduce their cost of trading and simplify their trade desk, but it's also a savings and execution quality. In some of our large clients that rely on automation tools. We see close to 50% of their activity coming through automation, so those are sizable reductions in workflow for those clients. And those are the clients that are most focused on automating their trading and their trading tickets in the bond market. And so we do see an opportunity amongst some of the dealers that are not auto quoting that could rely on some of our auto quoting solutions, but right now the primary client of automation here at MarketAxess is some of the largest money managers on the planet.
Christopher Gerosa: And Alex, I'll just add. The high yield market volumes were down in Q1. Yet, we're seeing higher penetration of our open trading in high yield. So people are finding that cost savings value in our open trading solution in high yield and certainly benefiting from those savings. So we are seeing that growth of our high yield through open trading, but high yield as I look at it as just one part of a sizable story here at MarketAxess. And if you really look at this quarter more broadly, you see records, we mentioned many of these, but record total trading volume, record treasury volume, record emerging market volume, record muni volume, record PT volume, record automation volume, record number of active clients, record Mid-X volume, our record diversity dealer volume, record on Live Markets. And I have to add record green bond trading in the quarter $16 billion in green bonds and a record – we planted a record number of trees, 82,000 trees in the quarter. So high yield is important, but we have lots of products here at MarketAxess that are hitting records in that quarter, which again, high yield and high grade market volumes were down in the quarter.
