Antonio L. DeLise: Thank you, Rick. Please turn to Slide 8 for a summary of trading volume across product categories. Our overall global trading volumes were up 27% year-over-year to $174 billion. U.S. high grade volumes were $114 billion for the quarter, up 32% year-over-year. Approximately, two-thirds of the high grade volume gain was attributable to the 240 basis point increase in estimated market share and one-third was attributable to the 12% year-over-year increase in TRACE volume. Volumes in the other credit category were up 31% compared to the third quarter of 2012. All of this growth came from high-yield and emerging market volumes, where year-over-year investor order flow increased over 50%. Slide 9 displays our quarterly earnings performance. As stated in our earnings release, on October 8, we sold our Greenline business to CameronTec. Greenline’s operating results have been classified as discontinued operations for all periods presented and are not included in the period-to-period comparisons of continuing operations. We have posted a file to the Investor Relations web section of our website, which displays the recast quarterly results for 2011, 2012 and 2013. Revenues of $61.1 million, were up 32% from a year ago, driven principally by a 22% increase in trading commissions and the inclusion of Xtrakter’s post acquisition results. Total expenses were $34.7 million, up almost 40% in the third quarter of 2012. Excluding the Xtrakter operating expenses, total expenses were up 15% year-over-year and reflect the ongoing investments in people and technology to support Open Trading, CDS and other initiatives. Our effective tax rate for the third quarter was approximately 31% and reflects a tax benefit of $2 million related to the domestic production activities deduction, approximately half of which related to 2012. We are updating our guidance and now expect our full year 2013 effective tax rate will be between 36% and 37%. Excluding the impact of certain favorable prior year deductions in credits, our 2013 projected effective tax rate would be closer to 38%. On Slide 10, we have laid out our commission revenue, trading volumes and fees per million. The 30% improvement in variable transaction fees was due principally to a 27% increase in overall trading volume. U.S. high-grade fees per million were $192 in the third quarter, down slightly from the second quarter and down 6% year-over-year. Among other items, our high-grade fee capture is sensitive to yields and years to maturity of bonds traded. The year-over-year decline is largely attributable to higher yields. Fees per million in the other credit category were $317 in the third quarter, up from $294 a year ago and from $309 in the second quarter. The sequential and year-over-year improvement is due to volume mix favoring high-yield volume. Emerging market and high-yield volume accounted for 86% of the other credit category volume in the quarter. Distribution fees were $15.6 million during the third quarter. One dealer migrated from the all variable high-grade plan to the major dealer plan in the third quarter and a second dealer followed the same path on October 1. We currently expect that fourth quarter 2013 distribution fees will be approximately $0.5 million above the third quarter level. Slide 11 provides you with the expense detail. Third quarter 2013 expenses were $34.7 million, up 3% sequentially from the as adjusted figures reported for the second quarter. The sequential increase was driven by personnel increases in support of our Open Trading, CDS and European initiatives and higher amortization expense resulting from new product software development costs. Our total headcount from continuing operations stood at 295 as of September 30, up from 204 at year-end 2012. While it isn’t evident from our reported figures, the operating margins in our core business continued to expand allowing us to fund new initiatives and future sources of revenue. We are updating our full year 2013 expense guidance to reflect the disposition of Greenline and associated discontinued operations presentation. We now expect that full year expenses from continuing operations will be in the range $130 million to $133 million. On Slide 12, we provide balance sheet information. Cash and securities available-for-sale as of September 30, were $177 million compared to $180 million at year-end 2012 and $150 million at June 30. Free cash flow over the trailing 12 months hit a record $79 million. During 2013, we spent approximately $38 million to acquire Xtrakter and have paid cash dividends totaling $15 million. The dividend payout as a percentage of trailing 12 months free cash flow and earnings per share is below 30%. There was no change in our capital structure during the quarter, we have no bank debt outstanding and didn’t borrow against our revolving credit facility. Now let me turn the call back to Rick for some closing comments.
Antonio L. DeLise: I think it’s safe to say that all 10 of them would be active in some aspect of Open Trading. The first, as you know, Mike, is making orders public to all system participants through Market Lists. As we outlined earlier, we are up over 70% of overall orders that are going into that open order book and I think it’s a safe assumption that of all of our largest clients are utilizing that functionality. With respect to prices back in completed trades, that’s growing pretty rapidly every quarter, and I’m sure that we would find that all 10 of the largest clients have been involved in prices back in completed trades as well.Michael E. Adams – Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP:  Got it. Great guys. Congrats on a solid quarter, and thanks for taking my questions.
Antonio L. DeLise: Yes, Patrick, there’s really – the short answer really, no changes in what you’ve seen from what’s in terms of capital management and we have – on the repurchase side, we still have a small repurchase program in place right now. We’ve been opportunistic in how and when we use it, but we really have done no repurchases in 2013 and the board will revisit that repurchase side of it once this current plan expires. On the dividend side, we have been – we had targeted paying out around this one-third or so of free cash flow or one-third of earnings. We’ve increased that dividend in three consecutive years now. Free cash flow is growing, the cash in our balance sheet is growing. That dividend, we’ve pretty much kept pace with the increase in free cash flow. we’ve got the capacity to move it up based on those target amounts, but again, this is something that the board will revisit sometime likely in the first quarter. And just if – one side point on special dividends; a year ago, we did have that special dividend, that’s not likely to be the focus right now. That was clearly at a point in time when we recognized we had built up a sizable position and it wasn’t meant to be a recurring variable dividend in anyway. But think about going forward, think about that regular recurring dividend, that’s something that we have the capacity to move up and something again, the board will take up shortly.Patrick J. O'Shaughnessy – Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: All right. Very good. Thank you, guys.
Antonio L. DeLise: Yes, Jillian, on the market share, we had the one slide which you gave you a little bit of breakdown between market share improvement and the fees attributable to increase in investor order flow and in dealer hit rates. Clearly, the dominant piece of the growth in market share has been around investor order flow. And quite frankly in the third quarter, we did not benefit from any tailwinds, and I’d say that because block trades, which you know we do better in non-block trades, the percentage of TRACE volume in block trades was flat quarter-over-quarter. So we didn’t benefit from a tailwind there. We didn’t benefit from the new issue environment. There was a very healthy new issue environment. A lot of it driven around what happened in October with Verizon, but you had new issues up, unusually up sequentially quarter-over-quarter and up year-over-year. And even in terms, Jillian, picking up on the bid-offer piece of it, in the third quarter, it was a very balanced order book that we experienced in our platform, about a 50-50 mix, which was actually down in the second quarter, it was favoring the bid side. So we did not have tailwinds from those three areas, which typically we – where we may have had some tailwinds in the past in terms of block trades, new issuance or the bid-offer mix. It’s really, and Rick has mentioned a couple of times about increased order flow, it’s really increased order flow that’s driving that market share.Jillian Miller – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Great. Thanks, guys.
Antonio L. DeLise: As I mentioned earlier, it’s too early to tell. We’re very much in preseason for SEF trading and until the regular season starts, it’s very difficult to anticipate what the competitive landscape will look like. What I can tell you is that we are ready for full compliance with CFTC’s SEF rules today. We have pre-trade credit checking in place and we comply with the impartial access rules. We’re not certain that all of our competitors do. And so there’s a lot to be learned here over the coming three or four months to see where SEFs really shake out for index products. We are – as I mentioned earlier, we have no new news on SEC rules for single-name CDS swaps. Having said that, we’re very pleased with the progress that we’re making with our partner in Barclays in the single-names central limit order book and they continued to make markets in a broader range of single-names. They are marketing the capability with their clients and they are approving more clients for trading on that central limit order book. so we don’t believe that our ability to gain momentum and potentially think about revenue models in single-names is necessarily dependent on the SEC schedule. We like the track that we’re on and we are very pleased that we have that capability as part of our suite of protocols for the CDS market.Hugh M. Miller – Sidoti & Co. LLC: Okay, all very fair points. I appreciate the color. Thanks.
Antonio L. DeLise: Jillian, yes, you did hear it correctly and we had a couple of items and you may recall back in the first quarter, the research credit was reestablished and President Obama had signed a law back in early January to reestablish the credit – the research credit retroactively. So we had a bit of a tax benefit in the first quarter, which related to 2012 and, then in this quarter, the third quarter, half of that tax benefit we recorded also related to 2012 and you read it exactly the way – we hoped it would come out, where if you pulled out some of that noise around prior period impact, the effective tax rate for this year will be around 38% and it’s a little early to give guidance on 2014, but we will do it on the fourth quarter call, but you’re looking at that 38%, that’s probably the best proxy we can give you right now if you’re thinking about 2014.Jillian Miller – BMO Capital Markets: Okay, thanks.
Antonio L. DeLise: Mike, we do think about the distribution fees and the level of those fees and you’re right, we basically have not changed those fees since 2005. And when you look at the dealers, they are seeing more order flow and the real cause of participating on our platform, at least, in terms of the high grade plan, the dealers in the major plan really would look at those distribution fees. We think we’re at – sort of reached a happy median here and we, arguably, we could move up those distribution fees given the increased order flow. I can’t say it’s high on our list of pricing strategies or pricing schemes that we’re considering right now. So the expectation forward-looking in the near-term is really no change in that average level of distribution fees charged to the major dealers.Michael E. Adams – Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Okay, great. That’s it. Thanks.
Richard M. McVey: Thanks, Tony. We are pleased with the acceleration of growth rates in our business reflected in the results we announced this morning. Increases in overall market volumes and higher market share drove our strong performance. We continue to be optimistic about the future demand for electronic trading in fixed income in light of the ongoing market structure changes. In addition to the strength in our core business, we see positive developments this quarter in our major investment areas for Open Trading, Europe and CDS. We feel that our overall market opportunity continues to get larger. Now, I would be happy to open the line for your questions.
Richard M. McVey: Yes, we are – as you know, we are integrated with all of the major order management providers today. The new level of integration, as I mentioned earlier, has – is ongoing with BlackRock Aladdin and we will revisit opportunities to improve efficiency and matching opportunity for clients through the other OMS providers. We are also doing some further connectivity work with individual large clients that are active with us. So this has been an ongoing effort over the last 14 years. It’s not only client on-boarding, it’s deepening the level of integration with their own trading systems, so that we can improve the efficiency of trading for them and now improve the matching opportunities to increase liquidity and reduce transaction costs.Niamh Alexander – Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. I’ll get back in line. Thank you.
Richard M. McVey: I don’t know how many, but there certainly will be multiple pools, and right now, I think clients are accessing them independently. I’m sure that clients and dealers will develop their tools to make sure they can access pricing for the different SEFs and transparency is certainly increasing in the swap world, but we’re not aware of anything beyond individual clients’ or dealers’ ability to aggregate pricing.
