Rick McVey: Thanks, Tony. The 2012 full year results show continued growth in trading volume, revenue and earnings in our core products. Our free cash flow is allowing us to make valuable investments in new electronic marketplaces at the same time that we are returning more capital to our investors through increased dividends and share repurchases. 2013 will be an important year to maintain growth in our core business while simultaneously investing in new long-term growth opportunities in Europe open trading and derivatives. We believe the investment areas will significantly increase our addressable market in the years ahead. Now, I would be happy to open the line for your questions.
Rick McVey: Yeah, I’m happy to address that. I think, Jillian, you might be referring to an article out in the FT about the potential impact on pension funds of the new collateral requirements for cleared swaps.Jillian Miller – BMO Capital Markets:  Yep
Rick McVey: I do think a couple of things, our initial reaction to that is that -that’s mostly a European pension fund phenomenon less so in the U.S., as so many U.S. pension funds over the last 20 years have moved to defined contribution as opposed to defined benefit. So, in my opinion, the pension fund activity in the swap markets in the U.S. is a relatively small part of the overall market. And as a result, I wouldn’t expect that there will be a significant change there. It’s something to watch in Europe as the European swap markets move more towards central clearing. But in the grand scheme of things, we really do not expect that to be a significant change. The big macro factors really are the increase that we’re seeing in corporate debt and the increase in assets in credit markets that are coming not just from pension funds, but they’re coming from sovereign wealth funds, insurance companies, mutual funds, so the market continues to get larger and most people expected that trend is likely to continue.Jillian Miller – BMO Capital Markets:  Okay, got it. Thank you.
Rick McVey: Yeah. So far there’s not really any tangible evidence of that’s happening. If you look at the funds flows, they remain very healthy on the taxable fixed income side right through January. If there is a fund outflows and we haven’t seen that in the last three years or so, I would expect that that would come with a widening of corporate bond spreads. But remember, mutual funds, which is where we’re tracking the taxable bond fund flows, are only one component of the asset side of the corporate bond market. The insurance companies have been getting larger, as I mentioned, some of the sovereign wealth funds have been getting larger. So, there are other important flows beyond just the mutual fund flows.
Rick McVey: Yeah, and I’d be happy to. Our information is all anecdotal, many of those newer initiatives to our knowledge are not really reporting activity on a regular basis. But I think they are finding that developing a new market place and getting institutional attention on those new solutions is a long process. And it’s – I think there are two things that the newer platforms are battling. One is the length of time to get market attention and traction on a new platform, and secondly, the large change in behavior that’s involved with promoting some of the investor-to-investor matching solutions. And what we’re seeing is that I think we have a couple of advantages. We have an installed – very large base of institutional investors and dealers already on the MarketAxess system and we have a large base of order flow already taking place through our traditional core products. So, adding on to that, some of the open trading solutions in our opinion, is an easier path than trying start something new from scratch. I also think that as you’re aware, Patrick, that some of the new solutions are promoted by single dealers or single clients or small groups of clients. And I continue to believe that independents and a large installed network both provide a large competitive advantage where we’re able to offer these services to all dealers and investors as opposed to a subset of the credit markets. So, while we are gaining traction in our Market Lists, today client-to-client trades that can be cleared through any dealer on the system are still a small part of overall volume. But again anecdotally we believe that the traction that we’re seeing in those initiatives is greater than anything else that’s taking place competitively.
Rick McVey: I think it’s actually something a little bit different, Patrick. This is an enormous behavioral change for investment managers. In fixed income, for all of our careers the trading process has always been investment managers in the buy side asking for competitive quotes from dealers either by phone or electronically and the dealers are the ones that make prices. With the constraints on the dealer balance sheets now and the limited capacity that they have for market making what investors are contemplating is a new market structure that requires that they be price makers. And I think what you’re seeing is that they acknowledge that they need to go there, which is why the order flow on Market Lists is growing virtually every month. But they’re not yet positioned at the other end to put a price on an inquiry or bond in a normal 3 minute, 4 minute, 5 minute corporate bond inquiry. But we see them taking steps to change that because ultimately if they’re going to be part of the solution to get turnover levels back up in corporate bonds, they’re going to have to be in a position where they can respond and make prices rather than just inquiring on prices. And this is why, I think it is going to be a very important part of the new market structure and the new liquidity model, but I also think it’s going to be a multi-year process in terms of changing that behavior so that investor-to-investor transactions can be part of the liquidity solution.
Rick McVey: Yeah, it’s a good question. It certainly has been a moving target, the CFTC and we and others are meeting them regularly. We continue to say that they are on the verge of finalizing the SEF rules. As you know they said they would had hope to get them out by the end of last year. They missed that deadline. We know that there are active discussions going on with the commissioners on the open items. And they continue to say that they – they have those SEF rules finalized this quarter. We would expect that the implementation period for SEF rules on CDS index swaps will probably be somewhere around four months to six months. So, it is possible that we would be in that new SEF regulatory regime sometime in the second half of this year. On the other hand, even as you know, an important component of the regulatory change, we have heard very little from the SEC and there are some important changes taking place there. So, it would be harder to predict at this point when the SEC will finalize the single name CDS rules.
Rick McVey: Both are our target areas and we’re offering electronic trading in index products as well as single name and now options on indices as well. So, we think we have a comprehensive solution. But we would also agree with you that when you look at our strengths in corporate bond trading, it may worthwhile be that our competitive advantages are going to come through most clearly in single name CDS. But a lot of unknowns there in terms of CDS – the potential for CDS index futures, how that affects the OTC index market and the timing of the final regulations.
Rick McVey: We are, and I think we’ve got some of the key ingredients coming together in terms of live pricing that’s increasingly coming in from dealers albeit and smallest trade sizes and significant interest that is beginning to develop both on the buy-side and the sell-side. And our view is that the trading solutions will not be one size fits all, which is why we really like our strategy of having a menu of trading protocols ranging from our core client to dealer RFQ to multi-dealer streaming to Market Lists and Client Axes and also part of that equation will be a central limit order book. And we think depending on the liquidity the instrument and the size of the trade, there are merits to each of those solutions. And that technology is largely ready to go. We are talking with our clients about how they would like – how and when they would like to see that rolled out, but we would continue to expect it during the course of this year a central limit order book will be part of the menu of choices on the MarketAxess system.
Rick McVey: I think if you look at the top 20 or 30 corporate bonds, they do represent a higher percentage of overall trade than what you’ve outlined. As the market starts moving toward an open central limit order book model, the potential there could be greater. And I don’t think that we’re trying to predict with perfect foresight, how the market will adopt a different trading protocols, but we do see consensus among investors and dealers that the market needs to embrace more open trading protocols. The decline in turnover in the credit markets is negative for investors and dealers and it’s highly unlikely that the primary dealer balance sheet capacity is going to change and improve anytime in the near-term. So, we feel that we have an obligation to the market to continue to innovate and provide those technology solutions and we are being very responsive to our clients in terms of the different protocols that they think could be part of that solution.
Rick McVey: Yeah, good question, and I think there are a number of steps in that. The first step is to make a larger percentage of order flow available to a larger group of market participants. And I think if you look at the last two quarters, we feel pretty good about step one, moving from what was about 15% of order flow going into the Market Lists, in the second quarter the 40% in the fourth quarter, I think demonstrates real progress in broadening the reach of where that order flow goes and who can participate on the other side. The second part, Hugh, I think is doing anything we can to provide quality real-time data products, broadly to the marketplace. We’ve done that in the U.S. with our Bond Ticker products. We hope to move in the same direction again working alongside the industry in Europe with the new data capabilities that we have with Xtrakter. And there are also other industry solutions around data products, not just for bonds that have traded but on a model approach for bonds that may not have traded during the day. So, providing those tools is a critical part. We’re also continuing our client outreach on alternative market makers that may start to come from – increasingly from the growth in the ETF market making community, some people that have been active making markets electronically in other asset classes that are now looking at credit. So, doing everything we can to enable that community to participate in core credit part products is also a part of the solution.
Rick McVey: We don’t get any sense that the overall direction of regulatory reform for derivative trading is changing. It’s just that the timetable keeps moving out. And I don’t think one commissioner is likely to change that path. And as you point out Commissioner Sommers, as I understand it, is said be there until April and by all accounts, they expect to get through the first round of SEF rules while she is still there. So, I think that the trend is still in place on promoting more transparency and competition in electronic execution and swaps and the open question is when will the rules be implemented.
Rick McVey: Hugh, it’s – it’s one month into the quarter right now. But just in terms of January, nothing appreciable has changed there in terms of years to maturity. And even when you look at things like TRACE volume, the dealer-to-dealer mix, and block trades, really nothing all that appreciable, even in the broader context that way.
Rick McVey: You’re right. We’ve had a small bounce off of a low of about $40 billion in the aggregate primary dealer balance sheets for corporate bonds. But in the context of those balance sheets declining from $250 billion to $40 billion and bouncing to $57 billion, I still think it reflects a significant change in dealer capital available for market making. And I – as far as early signs this year, we’re getting very active, very active new issue calendar in January. It looks like we will come in well above last January. And during those periods, obviously, the underwriters are very involved not only in distributing the new issues, but also doing swap trades with their clients that over the short-term can cause increases in the balance sheets. But I think that increase is largely irrelevant versus the large trend of the deleveraging that’s taken place over the last three years.
Rick McVey: I guess the couple of questions there. I think its relating to comp and benefits, and if you look at comp and benefits especially our cash bonus accrual for 2012, Howard, what you will see is even though earnings were up, I think we’ve reported 17% today, the cash bonus accrual for employees was roughly flat. So, we do build in typically with our comp committee and our board, a baseline level of growth to maintain existing levels of comp. And if we exceed those levels of growth, then employees will participate in those – in the upside and if you don’t the bonus provision will be lower. So, certainly if you look at the last four years, the increase in comp and benefit and bonus expenses is well below the increase in earnings that you’ve cited.
Rick McVey: Yeah, we said consistently, Patrick, as you know that we view that part of the fixed income business as complementary to what we do today. And there are four or five established retail e-trading networks in the market today. So we’ve said it would be more likely that if we decide to enter that space, we would do so through an acquisition or a joint venture of sorts. We believe in credit retail represents something like 7% or 8% of volume, but typically at higher margins. And for the smallest trade sizes as we move towards a world of open trading, it is possible that combining retail liquidity with various small tickets in the institutional world would provide some of the synergies that you mentioned. Quite honestly, we are starting down that path and we’re doing it through our dealer-to-dealer initiative. If you look at a lot of what we do in the dealer-to-dealer space, it is the smaller trade sizes, where large dealers are using MarketAxess to more actively manage their balance sheets and distribute smaller tickets even if that means distributing them out to other dealers. And often times those other dealers are retail trading desk. So, if you look at the number of dealers that are active in D2D, it’s a far greater number than we have market making in our institutional core products. And the way we think about that is that D2D business is actually already starting to pull retail liquidity into our institutional business. So, we’re starting down that path. It’s a margin we think it would be additive to what we do. Obviously, we don’t talk about it along with five main initiatives that we’ve discussed today. It’s not the same level of priority for the firm, but if the right opportunity comes along to extend what we’re doing in the retail space, we certainly would look at it.
Rick McVey: Yeah. We gave a small clue on January volumes, but recognize the range between last January and the fourth quarter shows relatively wide. But suffice to say in January overall levels of activity are attractive. We are above the average daily the volume over the entire system on where we were in the first quarter of last year. So the overall level of activity is quite attractive. What we’re seeing in the very near-term, Niamh, over the first three weeks or so of the year is slightly lower than expected market share in high-grade and better than expected results again in high-yield and EM, so a little bit of a mixed bag...
Rick McVey: Yeah, that’s – we are waiting for FSA approval. The range of dates that they gave us is anywhere between around now and the middle of March would be their normal cycle on approving a transaction like this. So we continue to expect at sometime in the next four to six weeks, we will have their approval, we will be able to move forward to close on Xtrakter.
Rick McVey: Thank you very much for joining us this morning and we look forward to catching up with you again next quarter.
Tony DeLise: Niamh, on the – on that other fee capture, it really is driven by the mix within that category. So, we haven’t seen any appreciable shift in the fee capture for the individual products. So, between – emerging markets, high-yield, agencies, the three main products, the fee capture individually hasn’t changed. It’s just that we have a situation where EM and high-yield are growing significantly. Rick mentioned 66% year-over-year. Full year EM and high-yield were up over 40%. And on the flip side, we have agencies where a combination of two things, now you’ve got overall TRACE agency volumes, for example, in the fourth quarter were down – were down something north of 12% in the fourth quarter. And then our market share has stagnated on the agency side. So, our market share has been flat lined for the last five or six quarters on the agency side. This is just not – when you look at the yield in agencies right now, our clients aren’t very active in that market. Could that continue? As Rick mentioned we think we – that – those trends in high-yield and emerging markets will continue whether or not we can generate another 40%-plus increase in the absolute fee captured. It’s going to be depended on that mix. If you’ve got the same dynamics with EM and high-yield market share growing and agency volumes flat lined, it’s possible.
Tony DeLise: Yes. And even look at the – look at the fourth quarter, agency volume was still almost 40% of the fourth quarter, so.
Tony DeLise: So, if you look at the volume, it is almost 40%. So, it’s still a pretty sizable percentage of that other volume.
Tony DeLise: Niamh, on the capital management question. Just, first taking a step back, I mean we did return $140 million of capital to shareholders in 2012 including the $50 million special dividend in December. And we expect to fund the Xtraker acquisition, which at today’s exchange rates will be something like $40 million and we’ll do all of that without borrowing any money. Second, as you observe, we still have a sizable cash position. We expect to generate significant free cash flow in 2012. And when we look at our capital management priorities, we think we can meet all of our capital management priorities within the context of that cash position and our free cash flow generation. And those priorities haven’t changed and we’ve talked about them in the past, it’s regulatory and working capital including any SEF working capital requirements or SEF regulatory capital requirements. Its new initiatives like CDS and open trading and dealer-to-dealer, it’s a dividend which we have in place, share repurchases and selective acquisitions as well. On the dividend side, you saw that we increased the dividend. That’s an important part of our capital management program. The board did take a look at the dividend level and still felt comfortable around the target of paying out around a third of free cash flow. If you look back over time that recurring quarterly dividend has – the increase in that recurring quarterly dividend has just about matched the increase in our recurring cash flow. So, if you look at our recurring cash flow from 2009 to 2012 that almost doubled. If you look at the recurring dividend now, that’s almost doubled as well. On the buyback side, we still have some capacity left under the $35 million program that the board authorized back in the fourth quarter of 2011. We repurchased some shares in the fourth quarter of 2012. We’ve got a 10b5-1 grid in place. We’re buying back on a price-sensitive basis against that grid. So, it’s still, both repurchases and dividends are an active part of the discussion with the board, an active part of our capital management program. Things like acquisitions, we’ve got the capacity with again with the cash, with our free cash flow, and now with the added capacity with the line of credit, we do have some increased flexibility there. If there is an acquisition with the same sort of characteristics and great fit that we think Xtrakter has, if something like that comes along, we’ve got the capacity to active in an opportunistic way. So we feel pretty good about the – about our financial position and the ability to respond opportunistically.
Tony DeLise: Howard, on the – what we’re tracking and talk about most frequently is the block trade size and block trade percentage of TRACE in. You look back now over the last three quarters, it’s been right around 38% or 39%. So, it has dipped significantly in the past two years. It dipped significantly from the first quarter of last year. But it’s hovering around that 38% or 39% for Q2, Q3 and Q4. So far in January at least that we can observe – yet to be finalized over these next couple of days, it looks like it’s around 40% or 41%. It doesn’t surprise us necessarily given the very healthy new issue calendar. But think about at least for January to date, you’re right around that 40% range.
Tony DeLise: Sure, sure. So, on the prepared remarks we mentioned, guidance excluding Xtrakter of $118 million to $123 million, midpoint was around 8% increase. And that’s pretty close to this historical growth rate. If you look back from 2007 to 2012, it’s probably right in that 8% range. But when you look at the absolute dollar increase from 2011 for argument sake, it’s $9 million or $10 million, as expected most of that in comp and benefits. If you look at 2012, around 55% of our expenses were comp and benefits related. It’s a similar sort of what that we’re expecting in 2013. Most of the headcounts growth over where we are today would come in those new initiative areas around CDS and dealer-to-dealer open trading, it’s not only sales and product management people, but on the development side as well. So, still think about the bucketing that the comp and benefits piece of it is still the lion’s share of our expenses and will grow similar to that 8% overall rate. There is – if I look at the numbers right now, there is probably two big variables that you should think about, and one of them is known and that’s just that our incentive bonus provision is tied directly to operating performance that rolls up into comp and benefits because it’s tied to operating performance. There is some variability or sensitivity in that one. So that – that could swing up or down. The other one from a variable nature would be around SEF compliance and surveillance build out cost. Until these rules are finalized, there are some items we haven’t committed to. So, the timing of that spend is a little sensitive right now. Clearly, we’re still in investment mode. We’re still committed to investing in all of these new initiatives around D2D and CDS and open trading. So, clearly we’re still in investment mode. I’d say – I’ll just give you two other – two other little anecdotes just in terms of individual line items. When you look at depreciation and amortization, despite look at your model just because of the big spend we’ve had in 2012, the big spend that we’ve guided to in 2013, that line item would probably will increase more than the 8% overall. And on the flip side, professional and consulting fees, there were some items in there in 2012, that item will not grow as much as the overall expense growth. So, just in terms of individual line items, again think about comp and benefits, lion’s share of our expenses growing similar to the overall expense, depreciation up a little bit more, professional and consulting probably down a little bit.
Tony DeLise: So, Jillian, the – for the fourth quarter there were two Xtrakter related expenses on two different lines. And to be specific, there was around $700,000 in the professional and consulting.Jillian Miller – BMO Capital Markets:  Okay.
Tony DeLise: So, Jillian, right now – and it was – yeah, we had a lot of debate on how to report Xtrakter. And given the fact that there is some uncertainty on the exact closing date, we opted to tell you what we expect the monthly spend to be. So, post acquisition, we’re expecting that monthly Xtrakter-related spend to be around $2 million. That would be inclusive of the expected investments we make – we expect to make around technology and that includes people, systems, infrastructure. It includes – there is some – we’ll be hiring some shared services positions, which previously were provided by EuroClear. We’ll be hiring in new position. So, that $2 million per month would be inclusive of all of those sorts of investments.Jillian Miller – BMO Capital Markets:  Okay, got it. Thank you.
Niamh Alexander – KBW: But if – I guess where I’m going, Tony, is that if the agency volume is a small enough portion of it now that if you don’t change your fees, all else equal, you don’t have as much upside in the fee. That gives the agency which is small enough, but it sounds like it’s still a big enough part that if this stagnates and the other still grow then you’re still more upside to the fee capture.
Niamh Alexander – KBW: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks for that. And then I guess just on the credit derivatives, on the SEF, we have – I guess the regulators keep pushing back the timetable. Is it realistic now enough to just model much of any revenue this year for that or should we think about maybe you starting to report volumes on the credit trading that you’re seeing – revenue at some point this year.
Niamh Alexander – KBW: Okay. Thanks, Rick. I appreciate it. And then just last two. One, central limit order book, I’m curious as to maybe why you’re building one out and kind of progressing just given the liquidity in that market. It’s just help me think about what products or maybe what portion of the market do you think would end up kind of trading with streaming, liquidity in a CLOB. And then secondarily, well, it’s not related, but it’s, with regards to balance sheet, you said you have quite a lot of cash, you have the deal to close, but it seems to me after the credit agreement you have in place too, you have some capacity for deals. So, some more deal. So, help me think about your appetite, your interest, management’s time capacity given that you have to integrate Xtrakter as well? Thanks.
Niamh Alexander – KBW: I’ll be very quick. Market share of January so far and what can you share with us. And then just on Xtraker, what is it at this point, is it just regulatory approval. Should we think about maybe end of first quarter, just helping us from the modeling perspective. Thanks.
