Richard M. McVey: Good morning, and thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2013 earnings call. This morning, we reported our first quarter financial results, with another solid quarter in which we achieved record revenues, pre-tax income and EBITDA. Revenues for the quarter were $55.6 million, up 9.5% from $50.7 million a year ago. The main driver of revenue growth was an increase in variable transaction fees, which were up 12.5% to a record $32.5 million from $28.8 million in the prior year. Pre-tax income was up 6.9% to $24.3 million. Our board has approved a regular quarterly dividend of $0.13. The annualized dividend payout ratio is approximately 30% of trailing 12 month EPS and free cash flow. Our estimated high-grade market share was 12.3% up from a 11.4% last year. In addition, we continue to see growth in our emerging markets and high-yield products with combined volumes up 36% year-over-year also a record. Last night we announced a strategic alliance with BlackRock to create a unified electronic trading solution. Our goal is to reduce fragmentation and improve liquidity in the credit markets by providing a wide range of electronic trading solutions to a vast network of dealer and investor market participants, in Europe we finalized our acquisition of Xtrakter during the quarter and we’ve begun the process of integrating the two firms, we continue to see ample opportunities in data trading and post-trade services with the combined capabilities of MarketAxess and Xtrakter. Slide 4, provides an update on market conditions, Q1 TRACE volume show their normal seasonal pattern with market volumes very similar to one year ago, and up about 20% from Q4 2012, we believe that the growing phase of corporate debt outstanding will create more secondary trading opportunities in the future, flows in the taxable bond funds remain strong at $55 billion during the first quarter, primary dealer holdings of corporate debt for market making were up slightly during the quarter, but remain more than 75% below peak levels, reflecting balance sheet constraints. Slide 5, provides an update on our Open Trading Initiatives, as mentioned previously we have announced a strategic alliance with BlackRock to create a consolidated electronic marketplace for credit trading, the alliance will facilitate seamless trade flow between users of BlackRock, Aladdin Enterprise Investment System, and the MarketAxess Trading Community. BlackRock will take an active role in promoting and marketing the MarketAxess’ open trading solutions in order to improve liquidity in credit markets. We made good progress with our open trading initiatives in Q1. 59% of all high grade inquires on the system will placed into the Market Lists open order book, while still a small percentage of overall trades, completed client to client trades increased 62% from the fourth quarter. To complement these developments on our corporate bond platform we also launched a central limit order book for trading of single name credit default swaps with a major swap dealer yesterday. This capability is an addition to the multi dealer RFQ and streaming protocols we already have live for CDS on this system. Our quarterly CDS volumes have been growing in a sequential rate of 64% since the first quarter of 2012. In spite of ongoing delays in the finalization of SEF rules we are moving forward with our CDS electronic trading capabilities. Slide 6 highlights estimated market volumes and revenue sensitivity in our core products. We believe that the electronic share of credit trading is still in early stages, while we believe we represent the vast majority of electronic trading in the U.S. corporate bond market we currently represent about 12.3% of the total secondary volume. Our estimated market share of emerging markets and high yield trading is around 5%. Market demand for new electronic trading solutions is running high and most industry analyst projected significant increase in the electronic share over the next three to five years. Variable transaction revenues are the most important driver of long-term revenue growth. As you can see in the bar chart we continue to benefit from strong growth in total variable transaction revenues. Transaction fee growth represents the combination of market share gains in high-grade, high-yield and EM and higher fee capture. Q1 average daily variable transaction fees were up 16% year-over-year and reached a new record of $540,000. Based on our current fee capture and current secondary market volumes we estimated 1% market share gain in U.S. high-grade drives approximately $5 million in additional annual revenue, both our high-yield and EM products have similar revenue sensitivity for a 1% increase in market share. Now, let me turn the call over to Tony for additional detail on our volumes and financial results.
Richard M. McVey: Thanks, Tony. We are pleased with the record first quarter results and the continued momentum in our high-grade emerging markets and high-yield products. Our strategic alliance with BlackRock represents a major step forward for our open trading initiatives and for the development of new electronic liquidity solutions in credit. We are also happy with the progress to date integrating the Xtrakter business, and repositioning our European operations for growth. The CDS market continues to embrace electronic trading solutions in spite of the ongoing regulatory delays. Now, I would be happy to open the line for your questions
Richard M. McVey: We have been the leader in innovation around workflow and ease of execution for credit for the last 13 years, but we can always get better and every quarter we’re working on enhancements front to back Patrick to make it easier for our clients to execute and easier for them to identify trading opportunities and trade matches. And I think working closely with Aladdin, we both believe that we can make it even easier for our combined clients, I quite honestly, I think that’s part of the value here the other is getting the support in market influence from BlackRock and Aladdin community, really behind our open trading initiatives and reducing the fragmentation that has been out there that is working against everyone’s objective to really create a more liquid market. And we couldn’t be more pleased to be working with BlackRock to really consolidate the attention around the market access solutions and really increase the efficiency and liquidity around the overall market.Patrick O'Shaughnessy – Raymond James & Associates Inc: All right, gotcha, thank you very much.
Richard M. McVey: I think we both feel that this is a consolidation of efforts and BlackRock has been an early adaptor of electronic trading here and in other asset classes they have been a thought leader, they clearly felt a year-ago that the investment was well worth it, with their Aladdin client community attached some new matching protocols and learn from the experience and the biggest thing is we’re now taking everything that they’ve learned and the support that they have from their Aladdin clients and consolidating that with everything that we do. So, again it’s reducing the fragmentation that’s been out there and we think that the best thing is it’s going to increase the market focus and attention on one set of solutions and we’re fortunate that those are here at MarketAxess.
Richard M. McVey: Yeah, we’re – we think that there is a place in the credit market for our CDS futures and unlike some of our competitors we’re actually big fans of expanding the market through our liquid futures instrument and our view is that the future's markets could provide a highly liquid way for new participants to trade credit at the top of the funnel which will benefit all parts of the credit market with more liquidity flowing through the single name market and even the corporate bond market. So we are not threatened by it, as you know we feel that our technology and network advantages are going to come through most clearly in the single name market and to the extend that we can build liquidity in another way through new participants that trade credit futures we think that’s a good thing for the overall market.
Richard M. McVey: Yeah, the dealer balance sheet did bounce back a little bit and as Tony mentioned, our hit rates are up a little bit. We still think that there is a liquidity challenge in the market overall. If you look at the amount of corporate debt outstanding in the U.S. market, it’s up about 50% since 2008. So there has been a huge increase in debt outstanding and a fairly significant overall decline in dealer balance sheets for market making, and that really calls out for new electronic solutions that are going to promote alternative sources of liquidity. And the other real win here is that when we look longer term, it appears that the long-term turnover rate of corporate debt is somewhere around 0.95 to 1 time per year. The turnover rate right now is the below 2008 turnover, it’s somewhere around 0.72 or 0.73. So if we are successful developing these new solutions to get turnover backup to the normal long-term averages, then TRACE volume overall would be significantly higher than it is currently.
Antonio L. DeLise: Yeah, sure. So Mike, you are right, in the first quarter we did not repurchase any shares and you recall we had a pretty active repurchase program or repurchase activity in 2012 we repurchased over 2.5 million shares last year, $75 million in change was expended last year, those repurchases were accretive to earnings, at this time we got a small program remaining under an existing authorized program, but we’re going to be opportunistic in how we use that going forwardMichael Adams – Sandler O'Neill & Partners: Okay, thanks. That’s all from me.
Antonio L. DeLise: Niam, it is Tony. On the extractor side, first thing I’d say is that there is probably aren’t any real surprises, we did a fair amount of diligence around the before the acquisition, it seems to be well received by clients and by our buy-side clients also. So, there haven’t been really many surprises there. In terms of revenue expectations, this will be more, more near-term. We had talked a little bit on the fourth quarter call about a typical revenue run rate for extractor, it’s around $2 million per month, it’s all going to fall for 2013 likely also fall in that information and post trade services line. So that’s where the revenues will fall. Going forward though there is certainly an expectation that revenue synergies around new data products around additional trade matching opportunities, as the regulatory environment changes in Europe there is additional opportunities on the data side. So, we certainly expect to drive revenues forward in 2014 and beyond. But again for 2013 sort of a stable revenue run rate all falling in that information of post trade services line.
Antonio L. DeLise: Yeah not, Niam if we look at how our employees have responded, this is collectively both here in the U.S. and in London and with the extractor team it’s nothing but positive vibes coming out of the acquisition. We plan on combining the group in London, where we will be moving physical states within the next four or five months combining one group in London will be combining and we will had a single data offering globally so there is, the fair amount of activity to what to get the two groups working together, and when we talk about Europe going forward it’s not while we’ll have different brands, it’s really not going to be talking about two different businesses, it will be one customer facing business in London.
Antonio L. DeLise: Sure. Patrick it’s a bit of balancing act. So we know there is a desire from the analyst and investor community from, for more granularity on the volumes and then our side, quite frankly we’re tying a limit information flow in some ways just for competitive reasons. And what happen to that in the prior volumes category to look at the all other bucket, they came a catch out for every product outside of Eurobonds and high-grade. And if you look back over time you look at the fluctuations in volumes and fee captured in that other category it was not easy to predict what was going on there. We have, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks we re-grouped the volumes now to products with light liquidity characteristics and similar fee capture, we think it’s going to eliminate some of the variability in fee capture going forward. We also think it does, it’s a better grouping and scales a little bit better we can envision for example, when we starting reporting CDS index it would fall on to that liquid products category. So, we’re trying to balance these different constituencies and Patrick, we provided a fair amount of information, we’re on the call we provided information on how much emerging market and high-yield volume we’re doing, we’ve got a little more scientific on size of market I know we’re not getting all the way there, but I think we provided the tools to the track market share by product. If you make some of these assumptions and you look at that pie-chart on average daily volume, we’re giving you the information high-yield in the EM volumes. So, I don’t think it’s any less than what we’re providing and for us it’s a little better grouping.
Antonio L. DeLise: Yeah, so you know Howard, on the hit rates, yeah, they were slightly better in the first quarter, so if we look back over the prior four quarters in 2012 those hit rates for high-grade, we’re in the upper 60s ranging from 67% to 68%. First quarter we had a pretty good balance in the order book, so pretty good balance between bids and offers and that hit rate was up to around 73% and if you look at that market share increase year-over-year 11.4% Q1 of 2012, 12.3% Q1 of 2013 virtually all of that increase came from that higher hit rate.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah, I don’t think that we have a specific overlapped numbers prepared today but we’re happy to come back to you and rest of the analysts with those kind of stats in the future, but there’s no question that most of the volume that we are enjoying in the growth of high yield in EM is coming from existing high-grade clients that have just gotten more comfortable trading even less liquid products electronically. But there is still a base of clients that are still primarily in high-grade where there is remaining opportunity to continue to cross sell them and to get them involved in more product areas.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah, we may not be your best source on the collateral requirements in the impact on single name trading, but what we can say is that we certainly are hearing anecdotally that the margin requirements for bank owned FCMs, which the SEC has temporarily established we understand it twice the level of the clearing house margin requirements has slow the transition clearing of single names into the clearing houses. And if you look at the DTCC data Julian index volume seem to be holding up reasonably well, but single name volumes have been declining. And it looks last link are down somewhere around 25% from where they were a year or to ago. So there has been some impact there it’s very difficult to estimate what portion of that is coming from some of the [introduction] around the margin requirements in central clearing, and what might be attributable to the lack of volatility in some of those names in fewer trading opportunities in the short-term because of that the lack of the volatility in the interest rate environment.Jillian Miller – BMO Capital Markets: Okay, got it. And then just one final one from me, I was wondering if the BGC sale of (inaudible) and kind of the multiple they are able to garner that electronic trading platform has led you guys to kind of rethink any of your opportunities and you’re kind of potential and acquisition target are you still kind of feeling like MarketAxess has a really strong growth potential to standalone and your primary focus is on kind of remain in that way.
Unidentified Company Representative: As you’ve today, we couldn’t be anymore excited about what we have going on organically. And the breadth of support that we have in the market with investors and dealers, and it’s an exciting time for the company to see the adoption rates accelerating in U.S. cash credit products to see the industry moving forward to electronic trading in CDS and to have really exciting new capabilities in Europe that we think will be part of the MarketAxess turnaround story there. So our focus continues to be on building our business organically.Jillian Miller – BMO Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Unidentified Company Representative: No, we’ve said in the past, we’re not at all surprise to see the increase in electronic trading in the credit space with such products vacation at the electronic share will be significantly higher in the future, its no surprise that the new competition is popping up, we are still not backed where we were, when we started when there is 60 platforms in the market that we are seeing some new venues and not at all surprising that dealers and investors are testing different protocols and trying to find liquidity solutions in a variety of different forms. I think ultimately, we still feel great about our competitive position and our strategy we think is the right one longer term, the independence of the platform allows us to work with all dealers and investors. Nothing that we’re doing excludes anyone from participating in any of our protocols. And, we have a wide menu of trading options. So, we are leveraging what we’ve done well over the last thirteen years in building the largest client, the dealer electronic trading network primarily in our core RFQ or auction protocol by building on top of that efficient new trading solutions that will allow new counterparties to trade with one another and create alternative sources of liquidity, so when you look across the range from RFQ to the success that we are already having in Market Lists we had client access live which allows passive indications of interest to rest in the system and as we announced yesterday, we’ve got our first launch of central limit order book capability in the CDS single name market. So we feel great about the network, we feel great about the trading protocols and we remain confident in our competitive position.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah, I think that we’re really encouraged with the early signs with extractor and if we do find other acquisitions that fit with our core strategy as well as that one does, that are something that we would be very interested in and we have lots of capacity, we have excess capital on the balance sheet and no debt and public currency as well. So, it’s really all about sticking with our core strategy around building great solutions for electronic trading in the fixed income markets and that could include anything from data to other complementary e-trading venues to post trade services.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah, my personal view here and I don’t know if you’ve been seeing it in the other market structure companies that you follow. But I definitely think that there is a there has been a small impact from the early holiday schedule this year versus most years, where April is the holiday month. And if you look we do have more trading days now in April then we normally do and we are few less days in the first quarter. So, I do think that what has happened is a little bit of the normal March volume has shifted into April, where the second half of March in particular was slightly weaker than normal, but I would expect that what we’re seeing in the trace numbers reflects that has shifted into April.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah, happy to do both, the panel last week in DC was actually an SEC fixed income roundtable that was focused on bonds. So there were 4 panels down there during the day, two on the municipal bond market and two on the corporate bond market. And I was pleased to be invited to participate in the corporate bond panels, but from our perspective, in early days, the SEC is seeking industry input on many of the same issues that we saw emerge from Dodd-Frank for swaps with respect to looking at transparency, competition, liquidity, turnover, electronic trading trends in the bond markets in order for them to think about policy that might be beneficial to all market participants. With respect to other question on CDS, I think we and others have been frustrated with the pace, and we don’t have any reason to believe that the finalization of the rules is (inaudible) there seems to be an impasse on some fairly important differences in the final rule set, and we do not have anything to share with you today in terms of any expected dates from either the CFTC or the SEC.
Unidentified Company Representative: We’ve always suggested that history is probably the right proxy for trying to estimate adoption rates and share gains in the future. The wild card here really is the introduction of new and exciting trading protocols that are giving clients and dealers different ways to engage electronically to complete both corporate bond and CDS trades. And that makes it more difficult to project the adoption rates and the share gains going-forward, but we are encouraged with some of the early take up signs and clearly if we can get multiple trading protocols and client communities contributing the share growth there is the possibility that we will see improved share gains in the future.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah, some of the proposed transaction taxes in various asset classes including bonds appear to be (inaudible) that ultimately if they were past in their current form we think would have a negative effect on overall market turnaround in the region. And as you can see Michael as on a relative basis today Euro bond trading is a smaller part of our business, and so the impact for us in the aggregate is not likely in the current position to be that significant, we clearly are in the process of investing more heavily in Europe to build a larger electronic trading business and at the margin, we would prefer not to see these transaction taxes go into place.
Unidentified Company Representative: Michael, I think that’s $15 million to $18 million. We typically don’t provide guidance beyond the current year, but just in the context of what’s going on this year, we do have one very big item identified. We’re building out another data center here in the U.S. it’s a replacement to our primary production data center, the [all in] cost is around $4 million we would not expect that to recur, so all things being equal without giving a specific guidance in longer term there is this one item in 2013 which I would call non-recurring.
