Richard Schiffman: Thanks, Chris. Slide 10 highlights the strength of our growing client franchise. We had a record 2,083 active client firms trading on our market in the second quarter. As an example of our global strength and diversity, active international client firms represent 51% of total active firms, and the over 5,000 international investor and dealer traders, represent over 40% of total active traders. Trading volume from hedge fund and private bank clients increased 36% year-over-year and represented 17% of total credit volume in the current quarter, up from 12% in the prior year period. A record 1,127 active client firms are trading 3 or more products on our market, which reflects the deep partnership that we have with our clients and the power of our liquidity. Once clients make the investment to connect to our platform, they want to do more with us, leveraging the power of our market to achieve superior trading results. This reflects the stickiness of MarketAxess in the workflow of our clients. Adoption of our automation suite of products continues to grow, as shown here on Slide 11. What Chris described earlier is playing out exactly as we had expected. Automation tools are only as good as the data that informs and powers the algorithm. Given the breadth of activity on our market, we believe our CP+ data is more accurate than that of our competitors. This is validated by CP+ sales growth over the last several quarters. In the second quarter, there were a record $7.4 million algo responses from dealers, an increase of 31% year-over-year with a 3-year CAGR of 28%. Adoption of automated tools continues to increase with our investor clients. Once again, we saw record Auto-X trade volume and count in the quarter, with 3-year CAGRs of 32% and 43%, respectively, and a record 146 active client firms leveraging our automation tools. Of these active clients, 32% are top 100 clients in terms of total credit trading volume. Auto-X inquiry sizes are rising, as clients become more comfortable with automation and dealers are increasingly using their algos to handle larger size trades. It’s common for us to see clients start out small and then raise their thresholds as they gain confidence in our services. Responding to client interest, we’ve been steadily raising the maximum automation size, which currently sits at $10 million. Auto-X trade volume now represents a record 10% of total credit volume and trade count is a record 23% of total credit trades. We believe that Adaptive Auto-X, our new suite of investor client algorithms, will take our automation solutions to a new level by leveraging smart order routing to facilitate access to the MarketAxess ecosystem. Slide 12 provides an update on Open Trading, our market leading all-to-all liquidity pool. Despite the dramatically lower credit spread volatility in the quarter, which reduced price improvement measures, we continue to expand available liquidity with new alternative providers. A record 195 hedge funds provided liquidity on Open Trading in the quarter, an 18% increase from the prior year. The increased alternative liquidity on Open Trading is being driven by better data, which allows hedge funds and systematic investors to deploy trading strategies they have developed in other asset classes. One of the key drivers of our very strong increase in estimated market share for Eurobonds is the enhanced liquidity offered through Open Trading. We achieved record Eurobond trade volume in the quarter and a record 31% Eurobond Open Trading share. In U.S. high grade, no touch trades executed between Auto-X and a dealer algo represented 19% of trade count in high grade on Open Trading, reflecting the increasing usage of automation tools in leveraging our unique liquidity pool. On Slide 13, we highlight the growing international diversification of our trading business. Second quarter growth in international average daily trade volume and trade count increased 14% and 28%, respectively. This was driven by record Eurobond ADV, up 30% and EM local markets volume, up 11%. June month end was extremely strong for EM local trading with a record of over US$5 billion equivalent volume traded. This contributed to our second best day on the platform. It included two of our largest trades ever on our market, both around $300 million in size. From a regional perspective, LatAm generated record ADV in the quarter and the second best quarter in terms of revenue. Now, let me turn the call over to Chris Gerosa to review our financial performance.
Richard Schiffman: Chris, can I just add to this? Chris, it’s Richard Schiffman here. And just to address the question about execution quality and building on what Chris just said here, it’s really exciting to see what’s going on in the pilot, because this was an example of one of the trades, where we had something that would have been a traditional RFQ and a liquidity taker, paying bid-ask spread and getting quite competitive execution quality on our system. But because they used Adaptive Auto-X, they were able to leave their order resting in our order book live markets, when then someone else came along and executed against them. So as Chris pointed out, crossing bid-ask spread, it’s tying together the different protocols that we have that historically have kind of sat by themselves. And we left it up to traders on the system to have to go manually to each of the different protocols to take advantage of them. So that was really the most exciting thing, seeing this work across the protocols. I think we had one execution that was done three different ways, both on live markets as a provider of liquidity and then the remainder done as an RFQ, all done automatically through Adaptive Auto-X.
Richard Schiffman: Yeah, Kyle, it’s Rich. I was just going to add a couple of things about it. Also, the current environment, which is pretty low volatility, as Chris pointed out earlier, there’s not a big premium being paid to get the PTs done that way. So there’s no question there’s been a bit of shift in some of that activity. We’re picking up PT business also, although, maybe not growing as fast as the overall amount taking place, we are fully invested in it and making sure that we’ve got the most competitive product out there in the market, particularly around the usability in terms of the workflow, making sure it’s very easy. The work in our new trading platform is very much geared around the PT workflow and making sure that that goes smoothly. And, in particular, longer term, this is one thing we’re quite focused on, is looking for ways to morph PTs and traditional in comp list business, so that we give traders at the point of execution when they’re going out, which is the better way to execute this trade. Should I go in comp list? Should I go PT? It’s going to vary depending upon what they’re trading, what’s going on in the market at that time. But PT, it’s a pretty concentrated business in terms of liquidity provision. I think, there’s maybe half a dozen, or eight, or so firms that are active in it and it’s quite concentrated with half that number, if that. And to forego all of the broad liquidity in the market from over 1,000 liquidity providers that we have seems an unfortunate thing to do. So that’s kind of on our long-term roadmap with PT is look for ways how we can bring that broad liquidity together with the benefits of the portfolio trading workflow.
Richard Schiffman: Yeah. Thanks, Benjamin, for the question. I think, we’re going to see larger volumes coming through on it, but it might not necessarily be reflected in larger tickets, because part of what the benefit of Adaptive Auto-X is, this ability to really easily breakup a large inquiry or order into smaller pieces and get quality execution at an average price across those executions. So, I think, it will be a tool for attracting these larger orders into the system, although the actual executions of them might happen in relatively smaller pieces.
Richard Schiffman: I’m just going to add to that, Chris. Daniel, it’s also worth looking at the refunding calendar and I don’t have the exact number offhand, but I thought I heard something like next year. It’s over $1 trillion of paper that needs to be refunded and that’s going to create a lot of activity in the market, which is definitely favorable for our platform.
Richard Schiffman: One thing I would just add to that, Michael, if there’s any change in bank capital requirements to the tighter side that’s going to be a tailwind for electronic trading, certainly for all-to-all trading, because that liquidity has to get made up somewhere else and if it becomes harder for the banks to be providing it, it’s going to open the door for a lot more activity in Open Trading.
Richard Schiffman: Maybe it’s about automation, what that is going to do here, one thing we learned in the earliest days of the company that when we make things easier, people trade more. So all of this investment that we’re making in automation and Adaptive Auto-X and all these capabilities, one nice benefit from all this is the potential for increases in turnover and seeing more activity that way. So we believe as this starts to take hold, we’re going to see the benefits come from that more activity taking place, because it’s just easier for people to trade.
Chris Concannon: In summary, on Slide 19, we continue to execute very well against our growth strategy. We have launched unique proprietary data solutions and embedded them in our new platform that we believe will help our clients make better trading decisions that achieve better outcomes. We have launched the first client algorithm, Adaptive Auto-X in the U.S. credit markets. We successfully developed and launched our new trading platform, which integrates our unique data products and our various trading protocols in a single platform. We continue to expand our global client franchise and we believe that we are entering a new period of growth in fixed income with higher rates that we expect will make fixed income a very attractive asset class in the years ahead. Now, we would be happy to open the line for questions.
Chris Concannon: Great. Good morning, Chris. Thanks for that question. Obviously, Adaptive Auto-X is in early stages, as we mentioned, it’s still in pilot. It will remain in pilot through the remainder of the summer. And based on early indications, performance is quite attractive. And as expected, the key thing about Adaptive is it allows a client to submit a larger parent order, which then breaks into what we call child orders, and those orders can be placed across various different protocols. The other unique thing about Adaptive Auto-X, it is pegged to the market, meaning, you can choose your relative price and it will remain pegged to the market and reprice as the market moves throughout the morning or the day. As we mentioned, we have 8 clients in pilot with probably another 3 or 4 in the queue. All of various shapes and sizes. Some of them are quite large clients, traditional asset managers and some are a number of smaller hedge funds. So we’re trying to do a broad cross section just to complete your question around the performance of Adaptive Auto-X and the goals it’s really to allow clients to outsource their trading strategies into really a very sophisticated AI-driven algorithm. And the unique thing about Adaptive Auto-X and end MarketAxess is that it takes advantage of our Open Trading solutions, both our live markets order book as well as our all-to-all Open Trading solution in RFQ. So it allows clients to actually not cross spread for some portion of their order, which is a substantial improvement in price given the size of spreads in our market. So it’s a very unique offering that leverages our competitive position in all-to-all trading, that huge liquidity pool that we always talk about Open Trading. Adaptive Auto-X is uniquely designed around that solution. And then, obviously, we plan to roll that out over the course of the fall and into next year. The client feedback thus far has been very positive. We have a number of clients begging to be in the pilot, but we’re trying to keep the pilot at this point small. The other important thing and we rolled out a number of new data products. There’s one product in particular, when combined with Adaptive Auto-X makes it a much more interesting opportunity and that’s called matchability. And matchability predicts the opportunity of a specific bond to find a matching buyer or seller on our platform. So that combined with Adaptive Auto-X’s increases a client’s likelihood of not crossing spread by being very careful about their bond selection when they’re building their portfolio.
Chris Concannon: Sure, happy to address. Thanks for the question. Obviously, across our other competitive products, things like high yield, EM and Eurobonds, we continue to see share growth over the quarters and certainly over the years, and those are products that are offered in a competitive environment as well. High grade seems to be a unique area, where we’ve bumped into our share growth challenges and particularly around portfolio trading, as I mentioned in our opening remarks. We’ve certainly seen portfolio trading grow within the market. It’s now somewhere between 5% and 6% of the overall market and that has grown over the past couple of years. We are hearing from clients that they are using portfolio trading for workflow solutions, so they are able to move large amounts of investment flows in and out of their portfolio through a very seamless one-time trade or one price trade. We see portfolio trading happening direct with dealers, even over Excel spreadsheets, we see happening in the competitive environment. And then, obviously, we’re talking to our clients regularly on. What are their needs for portfolio trading on our platform? We are just now rolling out a number of enhancements to our portfolio trading platform, we’ve rolled out on our new platform that we talked about earlier, a brand new enhanced portfolio trading tool that expands the number of line items clients can trade. It also, more importantly, embed our unique data, tradability data, which is an important data product that we rolled out that helps clients not only trade the portfolio and determine price of that portfolio, but clients are trying to figure out what should be in their portfolio before they do a portfolio trade. We see clients more often than not amending their portfolio, adjusting the line items in that portfolio to improve price or to choose the right protocol, and they’re using our tradability data as a line by line solution to help them build that portfolio before making that portfolio trade and optimizing price. So we’re feeling very good and very positive about our new portfolio trading enhancements, and we have a number of enhancements that are rolling out in August and throughout the course of the fall.
Chris Concannon: Sure. Great question. And, obviously, from a macro perspective, it’s quite positive that everyone is looking at the fixed income market as an attractive environment for the coming years with yields at these levels, obviously, the Fed is contemplating another quarter point rate hike next week. And, obviously, if the Fed halts rate hikes next week that’s certainly going to be very positive for fixed income investing. And even BlackRock recently predicted a surge in fixed income investments once the Fed stop raising rates. So the overall macro environment is quite attractive for the fixed income market and, certainly, credit, in particular. The new entrants of the most recent, I think, there was a story in the FT about Citadel joining the credit markets as a liquidity provider. It’s really a trend that we’re seeing, obviously, Citadel is a very large player across many different asset classes, and their entrance is a very important sign of things to come. We are also seeing other entrants, particularly out of the ETF market maker groups, entering the credit markets as well. And we certainly offer a unique offering with all-to-all trading, where you can have a new entrant, join the market and join a network of 2,000 clients around the globe. So the ability for that new entry to step into the market is quite powerful here, but they all are entering with a strong bend towards electronic trading. Obviously, Citadel is known for its electronic trading prowess, and the other ETF market makers and systematic hedge funds that we’re seeing enter our market are all leveraging very advanced trading technology, which makes a very attractive outcome for things like our overall automation suite, including the Adaptive Auto-X launch.
Chris Concannon: Sure. Great question. And we love to talk about our data here at MarketAxess. Just to put it in perspective, the addressable market that I spoke about, about $1 billion of that addressable market is data revenue. So we are very bullish on the opportunity in the data space. Our data revenues have been consistently growing as a result of the demand for CP+, our real time data. It’s a strong data product in the U.S. for U.S. corporate bonds. Obviously, we think it’s the benchmark for real time trading of U.S. corporate bonds. But, more importantly, in Eurobonds and EM, we’re seeing high demand, particularly in EM, which is a much more difficult market to trade. We see high demand for CP+ across those international markets. And as we grow our trading footprint, and we did grow our trading footprint both in Eurobonds and EM, that data product becomes that much more valuable. So we’re certainly projecting very attractive growth rates for CP+ internationally as well as here. With regard to the proprietary data products and I named a number of them that are newly into production and being launched over the coming months and quarters. They are all designed to really attract trading volume at this point. What we intend to do is embed them in our new trading platform, and so our clients can only see that data when they load an order on our platform and engage our platform for trading. And we believe it’s a very careful curated way of attracting more orders on the platform, but also helping our clients determine how best to trade their orders given the size and given the unique liquidity in the market. So things like tradability will predict the number of responses that you should get back on a given bond. CP Responder will actually predict the likelihood of winning an inquiry based on your unique price and size. And CP Inquiry predicts the best price of an inquiry based on the client type and the size inside of your bond. So these are very unique, very proprietary data products that we’re rolling out. And our latest AI Dealer Direct will actually help you select your dealer counterparty, which is very important when you’re trading larger size orders in our market, so all of these at the outset will be offered exclusively on the platform with lots of restrictions for use. But we do believe over time, we’ll be able to monetize them into pure data feeds for our clients to use in their own proprietary platforms. So, over time, we’re excited about the opportunity. But, right now, the focus of these data products is growing our market share across all our products.
Chris Concannon: Sure. So to be accurate, my comment around June levels were running consistent with mid-June levels, obviously, we can’t predict the next eight days. And I will remind you that there is a potential Fed rate hike next week, which as you can imagine can impact volatility quite dramatically. And more and more of volumes are moving into the month end close. We’ve seen that trend building over the last couple of years and certainly it’s reflective of the indexation of the fixed income market, so again, mid-June levels is what I mentioned. And then just a macro market, we’re certainly excited about a potential end to rate hikes, because what we’ve seen over the last quarter is really a lack of investment conviction among our clients. And we heard that directly from our clients as we’ve gone out to talk to all our clients globally. Remember, we had a March banking crisis that left investors with a great deal of caution, particularly around bonds. A sizable portion of the bond market is from the banking sector. So there is quite a great deal of concern around that crisis post the March crisis. And then, now our clients have really turned to watching Fed moves and the continuation of rate hikes. But, as we mentioned earlier, any halt to the Fed rate hikes will leave investors much more attractive towards their potential fixed income investing. So we’re bullish about the market over the coming quarters and years. The other piece of information and we’ve spent the last 6 months going out talking to our clients, as you probably saw in many of their own earnings release releases, they’ve been cutting costs as a result of the revenue challenges that they’ve had as a result of last year. And those cost cuts come in two important pieces: it comes in technology budgets have been cut and headcounts have been cut. So if you can imagine the environment where rate hikes are halted and there’s a surge in investing in fixed income assets, those clients are going to need to outsource their trading solutions and outsource their tech needs to deal with the workflow challenges that they’re going to have, particularly the reduction of their traders that we’ve seen. So we feel exceptionally well positioned around the current market environment, particularly if you see rate hikes halted and the need by all of our clients for technology solutions and better workflow solutions things like our new trading platform offers very seamless workflow solutions as well as our whole automation suite, which by the way continues to grow quarter-over-quarter across high grade, high yield, EM and Eurobonds. So we’re quite excited about the position we’ve put ourselves in, given the potential for the inflows that could come into the fixed income environment.
Chris Concannon: Sure. From the regulatory side, obviously we have a global footprint, so we are mindful of regulations across the globe here in the U.S., obviously, we’re still tracking the SEC’s proposals around the treasury market. They’re obviously very favorable towards all-to-all and we continue to hear support for all-to-all and treasuries by regulators. T1 is another proposal that we’re tracking quite closely, obviously the requirement to move settlement to T1 does have an impact on institutional straight through processing and many times that can be favorable to electronic trading more broadly and electronic processing. So T1 is one we look out for, and while it’s a lot of work for everybody, it’s slightly favorable to the electronic solutions over the long-term. The TRACE proposal moving to a 1-minute reporting time, if you look at the market, the majority of the market is near that reporting time today, obviously, manual reports take a little bit longer. But we would expect that to improve, again, similar to T+1 straight through processing and electronic trading more broadly. In Europe, we continue to hear from the regulators around, what is an MTF, the perimeters of an MTF, and what needs to be in an MTF? And it’s certainly having an impact on the regulatory environment, where we see potential new entrants in alternative platforms that try to aggregate trading. It’s very clear in Europe that MTF regulation is becoming more restrictive based on those trading perimeters. We operate in MTFs throughout Europe, so we’re quite comfortable in that environment, where you need to be an MTF to step into our space. But, more broadly, we don’t see any regulatory wins that have material detriment really much more positive to support electronic trading across the globe.
Chris Concannon: Sure. First, obviously, we continue to grow share, as I mentioned, across a number of our key products in the face of competition and high grade in particular, we are generally impacted by a lower volatility, particularly around the ETF market, given how important we are to the ETF market makers and some of the systematic hedge funds that trade that ETF arb. So we typically are more impacted than any competitors in that market. With regard to high grade portfolio trading, while we did grow our portfolio trading in high grade somewhere around 13% year-over-year, it’s really not as fast as the market has been growing. So the competitive impact in high grade is largely around the growth of portfolio trading in high grade. We do feel very comfortable about the launch of our enhanced portfolio trading platform and our embedded unique data attributes, and that’s what clients are asking us for. We’ve been out talking to clients that are portfolio traders and, obviously, as Rich mentioned, it’s a very concentrated dealer market in the portfolio space, but it’s certainly also concentrated among the number of traders that trade portfolio trades at the various client desks. I will tell you we are protocol agnostic, while we obviously have different rates for different protocols. We are delivering protocols that our clients are asking for and we’re delivering unique data to help them decide the appropriate protocol at the appropriate time. I do think the other patterns that we have recognized that is lower vol, we do see higher levels of portfolio trading in the market, because it’s just easier to price a portfolio when the market isn’t moving or gyrating. So we’ve also identified that in the second quarter, given the lower volatility.
Chris Concannon: So, yeah, there’s a number of leading sizable order management systems across the globe that we interact with. We certainly work closely with our partners at those order management systems to ensure that our various protocols, our various APIs and our data is available. And we’ve certainly worked closely with some of the largest. The nice thing about our design is when the OMS connects to us; they can move orders into our environment. And then within our environment, clients can move those orders across various different protocols, so they become available instantly in our environment to move them from protocol to protocol. As we mentioned, the new platform that we’ve launched allows clients to load those orders directly from the OMS. And we’re integrated to really all of the OMS that are material in our market. And once they’ve load those orders onto our platform, they can manage them as high-touch, low-touch, and no-touch, which is really delivering them into our automation suite. So it allows a client to really have a centralized cockpit to decide how to trade their various order sizes, and then from that cockpit, they can deliver those orders into each of our protocols. All those protocols are instantly available. But more importantly, we embed that data that I spoke about earlier, that proprietary data side-by-side with their orders, so they can make logical decisions based on data that they’ve never seen before, on what protocol, what dealers, and what automation solutions are available to them. And that’s really had an impact. In fact, as we were rolling out our new platform, we embedded it with a number of what we call power users. And we’ve seen those power users increase their overall activity levels moving from migrating from the old platform to the new platform. To go back to your original question, the integration with the OMS is quite complete, and the new platform is showing early signs of higher levels of activity, given the seamless interactions that clients now have and the number of line items they can manage on a single platform. The other piece of good news with regard to the OMS is our Adaptive Auto-X solution has a number of unique characters in it, when it actually fills a larger size trade, it can fill it in a series of smaller sized trades, as Rich mentioned earlier. Those interactions have all been integrated with all the leading OMS providers. And so, we’re able to access the clients on those platforms can have easy access and seamless access to Adaptive Auto-X. And right now we have within our pilot, a number of clients that are spread out across the various OMS’ that we interact with.
Chris Concannon: Sure. Great question. And, obviously, we have seen retail re-enter the fixed income market and it’s quite exciting to see fixed income assets as an attractive investment for retail. And you see that in the TRACE numbers as the average trade size and TRACE has dropped dramatically over the last 2 quarters and continues to thrive. We touch retail in a number of different ways, we recently launched our Axess IQ platform, which is designed specifically for private wealth firms, and we’re seeing a great deal of success on that as we continue to onboard new clients on a regular basis each quarter. And it’s hitting record volumes and tapping into a very important part of the retail private wealth sector. The other area that we see retail coming into our market is through the growth of SMA, separately managed accounts. To remind you, these managed accounts are managed by large institutional investors that are using our platform every day. Their tickets come in much smaller size. And so part of the growth of our automation solution that you see quarter-over-quarter is really a reflection of the growth of SMA and the burden of managing small tickets within a large institutional player. Their demand for our automation is growing as the SMA assets are growing. And, certainly, the forecast by industry experts on SMA growth, particularly around the fixed income arena is quite high for the years to come, given where yields are. So we think we’re well positioned for supporting the retail market and quite excited about the potential growth of that SMA part of the industry.
Chris Concannon: All right. Well, we would appreciate if you go back to the golf course, enjoy your retirement. But it’s a fair question, Rich. Look, we are looking at – we can’t predict the next 8 days, so we do want to give some color around the activity levels that we are seeing. And as I mentioned, high grade market share is running at our mid-month June levels, and we’re very excited about next week and month end. So we’re not going to forecast those high grade market share numbers, because July has a lot more involved given the Fed rate decision next week. But thank you for your question and really appreciate your time today away from your very busy schedule.
Chris Concannon: Thank you, and thanks everyone for your time today, and we look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thanks again.
