Kenneth Lamb: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning, and thank you, all, for joining us. We issued our earnings release this morning at around 8 a.m. Eastern time. It's posted on our website, borgwarner.com, on our Investor Relations home page. A replay of today's conference call will be available through February 20, also on our website. The dial-in number for that replay is (855) 859-2056. You'll need the conference ID, which is 63271907. With regard to our Investor Relations calendar, we will be attending the following conferences between now and our next earnings release: February 18, next week, we will be at the Barclays Industrial Select Conference in Miami; April 1, we will be at the Bank of America Merrill Lynch New York Auto Summit. Now before we begin, I need to inform you that during this call, we may make forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties as detailed in our 10-K. Our actual results may differ significantly from the matters discussed today. Now moving on to our results. James Verrier, President and CEO, will review highlights of our quarterly and full year operating results as well as some of our recent noteworthy accomplishments. And then Ron Hundzinski, our CFO, will discuss the details of our quarterly and full year operating results. With that, I'll turn it over to James.
Kenneth Lamb: Rich, this is Ken. Our actual guidance for CapEx is in our investor presentation. It's around 6.5% to 7% of sales last year.
Kenneth Lamb: I'm glad you asked that, Ravi. Yes, currency is probably the most volatile piece that we're thinking about right now, but there are other factors at play here. Commodity prices, for instance. Volumes are also in play. So our message is that our organic growth, we're still very comfortable with that guidance that we gave back in January, but there other variables at work here that we want to get a few months behind us, kind of see how they play out and then we'll give an update at the end of April.
Kenneth Lamb: Brian, this is Ken. So -- first of all, let me clarify for you. The guidance that we gave around pricing was around a 2% decline this year versus last year, which is very much in line with what we've given guidance -- or the guidance that we've given over the long term. It was not a change from previous guidance. So I want to make sure that, that's clear. So the idea around commodity prices playing into that, doesn't really have an effect on that. We have quite a bit of pass-through on nickel. I think you flagged nickel, so pricing is affected by that. But this particular discussion around price-downs is a bit separate from that. And I just want to reiterate that, that 2% decline was no different than any guidance we've given in the past.
Kenneth Lamb: Yes, David. That is an area that I think you're going to see us participate in. We are very much participating now, and that we expect that to continue going forward.
Kenneth Lamb: I think you're more right than wrong on that. The backlog, as you know, is booked. So as we look at programs for the next 3 years, that gives it, as you put it, kind of locked and loaded. So we feel comfortable with that. And when we get out 5, 6 years from now, there's a little bit more flexibility, but certainly over the next few years, we feel very comfortable with that. And you did highlight that turbochargers is maybe one potential where people can pick that option or not, but that's maybe the only one. As we think about it, the rest of our technology, they're on those engines, they're on those transmissions and there's not a lot of consumer options or they're thinking about different options as it relates to those other technologies. So I think that overall, that our backlog will not be affected by this change in oil prices. And let's not forget, this is a U.S. phenomenon and a lot of our backlog is outside of the U.S. as well, where this change in oil prices doesn't affect the consumer much at all.
Kenneth Lamb: Well, I think, when we talk about the Drivetrain restructuring -- I'll do this in pieces. The Drivetrain restructuring, Ron has said earlier, is going to be kind of lumpy, hard to predict. But we think that there's going to be impact throughout the year to varying degrees. One impediment was the large North American program that impacted that. That should be in the first half of this year and we should be about have that behind us when we get to the second half of the year. And the new plants ramping up, that's probably going to continue through the year as well, again lumpy. We're ramping them up. We're talking about hiring people, getting the plant ready to go, so that's not a straight line either. I think the way to think about it is this stuff will be behind us by the end of the year. And 2016 is going to be very good launching off point for improved performance.
Kenneth Lamb: So this program is going to utilize the shares that were existing on that authorization. So we had about 8.6 million shares remaining. We'll use those shares as part of this $1 billion share repurchase program.
Kenneth Lamb: Yes, that range is fully represented in our guidance. And you may actually do the math on the guidance, and it pretty closely ties to $850 million at the low end and $950 million at the high end. And as you know, we haven't really had a change since that initial guidance was given. So I think that's a very long way of saying we haven't really given any sort of guidance as where we're falling within that range as of yet. What we did say today was we feel very comfortable about the organic growth of this business. And that range, we're still very comfortable with.
Kenneth Lamb: Thank you, Itay. And I'd like to thank all of you for joining us. We expect to file our 10-K before the end of the day, which will provide details of our results. If you have any follow-up questions about our earnings release, the matters discussed during this call or our 10-K, please direct them to me. Melissa, please close up the call.
James R. Verrier: Yes, Rich, the way I would think about it is not at all in terms of any concern around M&A. Our pipeline is still strong. It's robust and we continue to drive, and that's very, very much in our focus to do M&A in addition to the buyback. So there's -- yes, there's no signal there. There's no indication. I think we outlined the primary drivers and purpose for why we're doing the share buyback but don't, for a minute, think that's going to slow down our intensity and commitment around trying to drive M&A because we will.
James R. Verrier: Yes, yes. And that's a good thought, John, and I appreciate your acknowledgment that ours still a pretty strong year, particularly if we kind of look back a couple of years. I think a really critical part for me, John, is that this restructuring activity that we're undertaking, which is causing a little bit of short-term headwind is all to support our growth. And so there's 2 primary drivers that we've got going for us. One, we've got a strong growth outlook that, obviously, are more capitalized on the incremental revenue plus we're coming from a better cost optimization because of the restructuring. Those 2 things combined are going to take margins up that -- I feel very comfortable with that. In terms of putting up a precise number, John, in terms of 2 or 3 years out, I think we still want to get through this year. But we've not peaked on Drivetrain margins. We've got room to grow and we will over the next couple of years, John.
James R. Verrier: The quick -- the real quick answer, John, is there's actually no concern from a BorgWarner viewpoint. And I would articulate that in 2 aspects. One, if you take the short run, the short-term stuff that you're alluding to, first of all, as we know, it's predominantly a U.S.-related issue. I think that's fair to say. So that's about 25% of our total revenue. But even so, even when we see that mix shift in a quarter or over a period of time, in the mix between cars and trucks, it's actually neutral to favorable for us. We have a lot of gas price. And if you think about that intuitively, if you look at the typical content that you would see on the larger vehicles, when you think of things like transport cases, you think of turbos and other things, we benefit from the low price in the short run in North America. And then over the long run, which is the other question obviously we're asked, could this influence CapEx pushouts or adjustments, our view on that is we don't see anything meaningful there. We think the trend is in place for continued push on drive on fuel economy and emissions and we're not seeing anything at all in terms of adoption rates of technology or discussions around technologies that will launch in 3 years, 5 years, 6 years out. So quick answer, really in the short run, it's neutral to favorable and in the long term, no change.
James R. Verrier: I would say, David, what I was maybe trying to articulate earlier, our growth is still very strong for Drivetrain. What this does is it just keeps us or makes us very competitive, I mean, as we optimize that footprint. It just makes us competitive. When I look at -- over the over the last few years in terms of our win rates and how we've been doing in market share type metrics, we've been doing well, and I think this will continue to keep that momentum going. In addition to that, it's absolutely helping us from a margin perspective and we'll continue to do. So it's a little bit of both, David. It helps fuel and support our growth while being competitive and it's helping in the margin side as well by the competitiveness as well.
James R. Verrier: Yes, Emmanuel, this is James. I would say our view, which we talked about in Detroit also, was we see over the next year or 2 there may be some slight erosion in terms of diesel share versus gas in Europe, primarily. We don't see a big shift change. We do see a couple of percentage points it may move. That generally won't move the needle meaningfully for BorgWarner because we have pretty good content on gas as well as diesel. If you break it down into more detail, in the short run, we'll probably have a little more benefit from diesel. But over the next 2, 3, 4 years, that's going to balance out as we see more and more of our technologies getting adopted onto gasoline vehicles. And therefore, those shifts will become neutral for BorgWarner over the next 2 or 3 years. So not a big deal for us is the quick summary, Emmanuel.
James R. Verrier: Sure. James here, Ryan. So the way I think about it is that midterm review, it's part of the process. It's part of the scheduled review. And I think I'm going to go through that meaningful review as planned. I think that'll play out. Our view, as we sit here and talk to a lot of different people, is we're not anticipating or envisaging any significant change in the CAFE standards. That doesn't mean there may not be minor tweaks in language or numbers, but I don't think there's going to be anything materially moving, from our viewpoint, around CAFE standards. Let me maybe just give you one example of why you think that. When you look at the development cycle for, particularly powertrain type product transmission or an engine, that splits along -- that's a long gestation period of 2, 3 or 4 years to get that technology ready to go. And those programs often have a 7- to 10-year life. So -- and those are very, very capital-intensive, big investments that are made. So all of that stuff that's been going on, that's all being put into the works. And I -- based on that, I just don't -- I don't think that's going to be a meaningful shift. So I think it'll -- I think I'll go through the process as outlined, as you articulated. But I don't see any meaningful change or difference to the OE strategies and, therefore, the BorgWarner strategies.
James R. Verrier: Yes, Itay, the thrust, if you wish, around continued electrification focus for BorgWarner particularly remains strong and we've seen over recent years product, specifically enabling and supporting stop/start type of technologies, just to name a couple. And we continue to be very engaged with the automakers on the electrification of our current products, as an example. But also, as we see the evolution towards different forms of hybrid and 48-volt architectures that, that's leading to enhanced product opportunities for us. A quick example there would be different forms of electrical turbochargers would be an example. And then in the pure battery electric vehicle space, we've participated there and we anticipate playing in that space as we go forward, too. So in other words, saying it is, electrification absolutely is a content-add growth opportunity for BorgWarner and we're seeing more and more of that play out both through our organic actions and also as we look to acquisitions as well. I think it will be complementary as we look forward.
James R. Verrier: No, I'm sure pretty much of a similar view that you talked. We may both be wrong but, I guess, we're at least having a similar view there. That's my interpretation.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Rich, I can tell you that, that was the number in the fourth quarter. And going forward, I think, I would -- it's going to be lumpy. I don't see that's a predictable number. We're going to have to take each quarter by quarter and how their performance is. I think that was the number for the fourth quarter.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Okay, a couple of things. First, CapEx, Rich. I think for 2015, we're going to continue with this upper -- actually, above the upper end of our 5% to 6% of sales CapEx that we typically have as guidance. We're running on the high end of that and I always expect that to go through 2015 as well. I think it's 2016 when we'll we start to see that to come back down into the range. I think we've talked about we're putting in some brick-and-mortar over the last 2 years in various parts of the world, and that bubble, so to speak, will pass through and will go back to more normal machinery and equipment. Getting back to the cap, the working capital, a couple of things, a couple of challenges. Some of -- are decision of our customers took some liberties out of this, I guess, maybe on payments, which typically we don't see. So that was one of the headwinds. So I think we'll get back to a more normal level there.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: No. No, I think that what you saw there is you saw a spike in spending in the quarter, given where the sales were. So I think that's just a 1-quarter number that you saw. That's not a number for a full year, Rich.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: So if you take a look at '14, I believe that customer was running pretty high on volumes in the first 2 quarters of '14 as well. And so it would be more in the second half where you start to see the comps would even out.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Absolutely, Ravi. So you're right. That number is very high, but a couple of things I want to point out. One is the items in there, which I talked about in the second were noncash items. They were not spendings. So to answer your question, the run rate is going to come back to more what you saw probably in the 3 quarters of the year of 2014. So what was in there? Basically, at the end of the year, there's a couple, I'll call them mumbo-jumbo accounting, transactions we have to do. So for example, intercompany profits on inventory, we have to adjust for and LIFO adjustments we have to adjust for. And they were actually a bit higher than normal than we anticipated and that's what's sitting in there. That's basically the whole difference. So that was just a 1 quarter adjustment. It's -- that's all that was, noncash and we go back to more normal run rate going forward.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: It's interesting I used mumbo-jumbo, but the other thing is if you take that off, the performance at the segment level was outstanding. That was the focus here, right? [indiscernible] if you're looking for performance. Okay. All right.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Yes, I'll talk about the first part and then maybe James can talk about the acquisition side of that. We have a lot of opportunities, John, to use. We have existing cash, we have free cash flow that's being generated and we also have indebtedness that we can use as well. So I have a full suite of possibilities that I can pull triggers on to execute this plan. We're very confident and comfortable we can do that as well. So I have no issues in that part of our execution. On the M&A front and how that plays in the M&A, again -- actually, James, I want to answer this. On the M&A front, we still have a lot of capacity on the balance sheet for M&A activity. So James was asked this question earlier. This, by no means, takes away anything on the M&A front. We have capacity to execute the share buyback. We have capacity to execute M&A activity. We're very comfortable.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: John, we're not going to give guidance as far as any numbers in this area. But to answer your question, yes, we're going to take advantage of opportunities when they present themselves. And when they do, we'll be more aggressive, for example. And that's how we're going to do the buybacks. It's not going to be any kind of linear number or anything we're going to do. But we'll use all of our balance sheet, we'll use the cash flow -- free cash flow and the existing cash balances to do it as well.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Yes, Brian, this is Ron. I'm not just going to focus on nickel. I'd like to focus on commodities, in general. You have a myriad number of options when you talk about commodity pass-throughs. Sometimes they're set on a quarter basis, sometimes they're set on a half-year basis and some commodities are actually done yearly. So to put one simple number on it is very difficult. It all depends on the commodity, all depends on the customers. But generally, there are lags. I will say that there's lags when you pass them up and there's lags when you pass them down. It's not everything single month, you mark-to-market, so to speak. But there are lags, and the lags, can -- like I said, depend on 1 quarter to 2 quarters to a full year.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Sure, Pat. So really, what you have going on is if I go back a little bit of history and understand that as volumes start to ramp up, you're able to leverage more of your manufacturing utilization to a certain point. And once you meet that, you hit this mass point of utilization in your capital, you have to put in more capital infrastructure. What that does is it starts to bring down those incremental margins. You're not running very efficiently is what you're doing. So for a short period of time, you're seeing good margins, incremental margins because you're utilizing your capital. As you reach this fixed point, you have to put in capital. As you put this capital in, which is what we've been doing in the last half of this year, the incremental margins start to come down. So that's 2 points I'm bringing up -- I'm talking about as you expand and when you in capital. On a steady-state basis, which is what I typically use, Ken is a little bit different, on a steady state, you're putting capital at the same rate of your growth. So your incremental margins tend to blend at mid-teens. We hadn't been in that steady state. We would be in one state, we're in another state. The business needs to run at steady state. And at steady state, you put in capital at the same rate your sales grow, your cost structure, you're adding a plant here and there. You're adding people in those plants and those incremental margins will be the mid-teens as you're in steady state.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Yes. So we've been, for the last 2 years, working on a legal restructuring program. And as we come into 2015, we do now have complete clarity that we're going to be able to execute and finalize this program in 2015. So yes, that came into the decision.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Yes, I would say that when we talked about it last summer, we had a plan and we're on track on that plan. And a good thing happens as we got into this year and we kept on track, our confidence level was enhanced, right, whereby we're comfortable making the decision of making an announcement of the buyback. So we stayed on track, the confidence was gained and then we thought that the announcement was appropriate this time.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Joe, a couple of years ago we were hoping for some sort of tax reform, and we didn't get it. I'd say that we just have to stay with our plan and if anything happens then, it's a benefit that will be great for everybody. But at the end of the day, you have to run your business and execute your plan, and that's the path I'm on.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: No, because I don't have absolute knowledge of they're going to be going forward. All I can tell you is that given the stuff we saw in the fourth quarter, it is that amount of money and as -- Ken did a good job as well saying that we have a start-up in China. That's a different issue, and then you've got relocation in Eastern Europe, which is actually a different issue. The reason I say that is the start-up has a planned cost base in there and we're getting ready for sales and shipments. So that's a little bit more predictable. Now the European structure side of it is a little more unpredictable because they're moving equipment and you're getting inefficiencies and then you may get efficiencies and they may come across something that's not working well. So one is a little bit more predictable and one is less predictable.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: [indiscernible] That's a good question. I'm surprised that no one really asked that earlier, and you're absolutely right. It was FX related for the quarter or translation. I want to be more specific, translational currency effects in there, yes.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: I would say that we have 2 major joint ventures there. One is in India that's been -- very good performance. And this K1 that ships into China. So the performance over there has been very good as well.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Itay, there's a lot of commodities involved and a lot of timing differences to put a simple analysis around what you're trying to do. I know logically what you're trying to get at and there is a calculation but it's much, much more complex to make it that simple. But what I would say is that over a period of time, there -- the shift and those timings are not material to our business where it would affect incremental margins significantly on BorgWarner. I can say that, okay? Maybe in other businesses, it can. We're too large of an organization with a lot of different commodities to have any significant impact on our total numbers.
Ryan J. Brinkman: I think a lot has been answered, but maybe just going back to the backlog call in November. Remember when you moved from a single-point estimate to a range. Obviously, it's very early in 2015, but a few months have passed since then. I'm curious if you have any insight into whether you might be tracking in more toward the higher or lower end of that range. $850 million to $950 million so, for example, for 2015, let's say.
Ryan J. Brinkman: Okay. That's great. And then with the repurchase announcement, I mean, we had expected that you would buy back almost that amount of stock, but maybe that the announcement might come a little bit later. Does this mean that you had made a little bit more progress than you earlier thought when you had that dinner last year about repatriating cash from overseas? Is that process been going well or is that not necessarily related like we thought maybe it would be through an announcement.
Ryan J. Brinkman: Okay. And then your response to an earlier question about how consumers are changing their behaviors as a result of lower gas prices. It was really interesting, really helpful and I understand you got some all-wheel drive stuff that benefit from CDs and stuff. And it was touched on what could happen with CAFE standards, but maybe if you could just revisit that in a little bit greater depth. There's this potential, I guess, medium term review, but it's very soft review. Can you just kind of maybe describe the process? I'm sure you're more familiar with it than we are or the investors are. And Ford made a comment at the Detroit Auto Show saying something's got to give here. We agreed to this stuff, not that they had a whole lot of choice in agreeing to it, when gas was substantially higher. And they're even saying that like if the government doesn't relent somewhat, then maybe people won't buy as many vehicles, and the new vehicles are more efficient than the old vehicles or it could be counterproductive and they want to talk with them. So I'm just curious if you had any sort of better insight than us into how the process might play out in 2017 or what the rules are or whatnot.
