Ken Lamb: Thank you, Cherry. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us. We issued our earnings release this morning at approximately 8 a.m. Eastern Time. It's posted on our website, borgwarner.com, on our homepage. A replay of today's conference call will be available through November 6. The dial-in number for that replay is (800) 585-8367. And you'll need the conference ID, which is 74423572. The replay will also be available on the website. With regard to our IR calendar, we'll be attending a number of conferences over the next few months. November 4, we'll be at the Gabelli Automotive Symposium in Las Vegas; November 13, we'll be at the Barclays Global Automotive Conference in New York; December 5, we'll be at the Goldman Sachs Auto Conference in London; and January 15, we'll be at the Deutsche Bank Global Auto Industry Conference in Detroit; and finally, on November 5, we'll be at the Baird Industrial Conference in Chicago. Also on that date, Tuesday, November 5, at around noon Eastern, we will release our 2014 through 2016 book of net new business. At 4 p.m. Eastern that day, we'll host a brief conference call to answer questions about the backlog. Now back to the call. Before we begin, I need to inform you that during this call, we may make forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties, as detailed in our 10-K. Our actual results may differ significantly from the matters discussed today. Now moving on to our results. James Verrier, President and CEO, will comment on third quarter results and current industry trends; and then Ron Hundzinski, our CFO, will discuss the details of our operating results and also our outlook for the remainder of 2013. With that, I'll turn it over to James.
Ken Lamb: Thanks, Ron. Now let's move to the Q&A portion of the call. Cherry, please remind everyone of the Q&A procedure.
Ken Lamb: I'd like to thank you all again for joining us. We expect to file our 10-Q before the end of the day, which will provide details of our results. If you have any follow-up questions about our earnings release, the matters discussed during this call or our 10-Q, please direct them to me. Cherry, please close up the call.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Rich, Q3 saw outstanding progress in absolute Drivetrain margins, there's no question. But sustainability, consistency, operational execution and footprint opportunity still exist in that segment. Final review of the segment business plan for 2014 and beyond continues to be under our review. So basically, what I'm saying is we still have some underlying issues that we haven't solved.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: I did make reference to the Brazilian real slightly when I said that euro gains were offset by Brazilian reais and Japanese yen. That was in the script, Ravi.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Well, we've been very transparent about how we price our products on a return on invested capital, Ravi. I wouldn't see any tailwind from margin. Tailwind from volume would be very nice, but not from the margin perspective.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Well, Brett, I'm going to start, and maybe James [ph] will come in and supplement. So we outperformed the market in North America by our historical levels of 8% to 10%. Asia, I think it was about 8 points. North America was about 9. In Europe, we were in line with the market in the quarter. A lot of that had to do with unfavorable customer mix for us. So we continue to work through our issues in Europe, and the market itself is sort of it feels like it's bottomed, and it's -- well, we don't know about a recovery at this point. And our performance relative to that market is still -- it's not as strong as we'd like. And we're going to talk more about that next week when we have our backlog announcement.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Well, okay Brett. First of all, we don't intend to reduce our margins. We've been very clear about that. But the headwinds, getting back to that, for 2014 we've talked about that we deferred some structural costs, and those would have to come in, so that would be a headwind. R&D spending, if you've been tracking it, has been -- we're pushing 4%. We were down as low as 3.6% of sales in the last year. We continue to want to make those investments. I wouldn't call it a headwind because that's an investment side, but it does come as far as against our margins. So those are 2 main areas that we would see going into 2014. But again, I want to stress not at the expense of deteriorating our margins.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: I will first address the share repurchases. We've been on track of what I would rather phrase is capital deployment of cash of about $100 million a quarter, Brett. And I think that pretty much balanced me out throughout the year with the cash I've generated. Remember, I have to keep my other eye open on M&A activity, so I'm balancing the switch between when we have M&A activity versus the share repurchases. but I think the $100 million to use is probably a good benchmark, what would be done as far as my behavior, what I've done in the past, I would use maybe going forward. But I would have James, and we can give an update on M&A activity.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: So Itay, I'm going to go back to what we've been saying pretty much all summer. Our first goal is to get it at 10% double-digit, 10% consistently, the 10.2%, 10.3%. I don't -- but at this point, I'm not comfortable going to 10.9%, to be honest. I just wanted to get a consistent double-digit, and that's our first goal.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: They're both looking at me, Itay, so I will -- here's the thing. We have to back into the math. So our full year is about 3%. Whatever that works out to for a quarterly basis, we have to back into that. Just to be clear, that minus 3%, it's not to the decimal. It's still an approximation. We recognize that there's probably some potential for it to be slightly better than that. But based on, as James said, some of the signals that we're getting from the market, we felt more comfortable leaving it at minus 3% for now.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Yes, I understand the question now. So if it's an existing program and something like that would occur, that does not affect the backlog.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Joe, that's -- if you kind of compared the third quarter year-over-year, that is going to be a little bit different than maybe what we've done in the prior 2 quarters, and I'll explain this, in that Drivetrain margin substantially increased year-over-year, and a lot of that was basically predicated on operational efficiencies in one of our business units' product lines. We struggled last year. Some higher volumes like in DCT. So that component was more driven by productivity and operational efficiencies. In the first 2 quarters of the year, I would say it was more weighted toward cost controls. So year-to-date average, I don't know where it's at. I'd have to do some math. So you have a little of a mixed bag year-to-date on those 2 items. I think going forward, you probably -- I would say more was weighted to cost controls in the SG&A line. Think of it as a GP number versus your SG&A lines. I think that's where the answer comes in. The growth in GP number is more based on operational execution, and the SG&A line will be more based on cost controls.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Yes, Joe, we'll give a little more detail, of course, next week so you can get that 3-year view. And in our usual fashion, we'll show that by, obviously, regionally and by product line. When I look at the portfolio as a whole for the company, all of the products that we have in provide opportunity for growth at a very good rate for us. So when I take that into account, we're expecting to see above-industry growth rates in all of our product lines. And sometimes it's a little cyclical, where, say, turbo has got a natural momentum around penetration rates. If you contrast that to maybe DCT, that's more of a still an emerging-adoption technology that might be a little slower. You see a trend right now to, I'd say, a more accelerated penetration rate around EGR cooler products on gasoline engines. So it'll vary a little bit in the product life cycle, Joe. But in general, we expect above average growth -- industry growth on both the Drivetrain and the Engine segments.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: So I'm going to speak specifically to this year. And you're right. We didn't actually give any detailed estimates for commercial vehicle production, but we do expect more recovery this year than what we're actually seeing. So, yes, that has played into this a bit. And again, next week we'll talk more about how we see things going forward. But you are correct. For 2013 things did not materialize as we had thought that they would.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: They typically are in line with BorgWarner growth rate. But you're right, Joe. That is what it's -- I didn't say that in my script, but it's really more currency is what's driving that negative over last year, more so than the volume side of it.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Yes, we have 2 main joint ventures. One of them is in India, on TEL, turbocharger business, which obviously is a good growing business. And the other one is in Japan, which I'd say would be less than the turbocharger business but still growing.
James R. Verrier: Rich, we started the year with a 3%, and as the year's gone through, we pretty much stayed to that course. And we still feel it's a pretty good number for us, that 3% down. The view that we have right now is that probably we're a little more conservative than others. We still get a little bit of rumblings around what's going to happen right at the end of the year in terms of shutdown activity. And that picture will get clearer over the next few weeks. It's still a little early to get real good visibility. But we do have some general signals and indications that there could be shutdown periods that would get us close to that number that we're at, Rich. And again, we'll know more in the next month as we get closer. But that's kind of where we're landing right now.
James R. Verrier: Yes, we still -- the simple answer really is we still continue to see growth in Europe for BorgWarner. So as we grow the business in Europe, which we'll continue to do over the next several years, what you see us doing is, in principle, putting our incremental capacity into lower-cost regions of the world. And you see that, the examples that we've talked about this morning, in Portugal and Poland, respectively. So the way to think of it is it's the way that we're positioning ourselves around future growth in Europe. What you may be thinking is our growth rate in China and in potentially in North America could be ahead of Europe, but we're still planning to grow at a good rate in Europe as we go forward.
James R. Verrier: We're not in a position to talk about that specifically today. I'd rather not discuss that in detail.
James R. Verrier: Yes, Brett, I would characterize the M&A activity as first of all, still our primary use of capital [ph]. I mean, that remains at the top of our list to drive additional growth and additional technology for the company. The activity level, if that makes sense, is still very strong. We continue to be tracking and engaged in discussions with a number of targets. And I think we've said in past, we would be somewhat disappointed if we didn't get a transaction completed towards the end of this year or early next year. And I think that's still a good -- how we feel. I can't talk about the specific companies, but I will tell you the amount of targets that we've we described in the past of about approximately 30 or so companies that are in the mix that we're looking at is about the same. That list is relatively dynamic. A couple will fall off as we get further into discussions, and we're in the process of other companies getting added in. So it's a pretty dynamic process, and I would tell you that a couple of those targets are at relatively advanced levels or advanced stages of discussions. So in summary, Brett, it's still our primary use of capital, and we're very, very aggressively internally managing it and focused on it and feel comfortable that we'll be able to bring 1 or 2 of these deals through over the next 6 to 12 months.
James R. Verrier: I don't have a detailed split for you. I'd say the bulk of our EGR cooler business is light vehicle, it's [ph] weighted to light vehicle. We do participate in commercial vehicle, you're correct. But I'd say the significant majority of our EGR cooler business is tied to the light vehicle segment.
James R. Verrier: Yes, we'll provide obviously a little more color as we go into the backlog meeting here in a few days. But quoting activity has been good for BorgWarner, both in terms of the amount of quoting activity around the world, and we feel very good and comfortable about kind of the win/loss ratio of programs that we're bidding on. So good, solid, typical BorgWarner performance is probably the way I would characterize it, and we'll give a little more update over the next couple of weeks. But it's so far, so good.
James R. Verrier: I would say it's a couple of things. One is a little bit of the mix issue that Ken alluded to in the third quarter in Europe. Some of it is what I talked a little bit about earlier with the -- in our view a little bit of uncertainty remaining in the fourth quarter as we come to the end of the year. And the third element that I don't want us to forget is commercial vehicle, which is about 15% of the company. And I think you guys know very well that's somewhat of a challenging environment right now, pretty much in most parts of the world other than maybe Brazil. So when you put those 3 things together, that's kind of what drives us to where we're at right now.
James R. Verrier: The way I would encourage you to think about this is we've said pretty consistently our market share position in turbo combined is about a 1/3 share of the market. And there's not a whole lot of differentiation around the world when you look at that share. If you look across the products, there's not a big difference either when I'm in gasoline and diesel. So think of China, think of North America, think of Europe and that 1/3 share. It may vary a little bit, but think of it -- I would think of it consistently around the world of us not only having that position but continuing to maintain that position on a go-forward basis in all regions of the world.
James R. Verrier: I'd obviously like to stay away from any specific details about individual customers. And it's -- I would just say to you it's a little bit of a mixed bag when you look at all of Europe. And I think the way you have to think about that is for sure there could be model mix shifts between diesel and gas; there could be mix shifts between customer shares on certain applications. And when you put all of that together, that's what drives it. It's no one specific product or no one specific customer, so I wouldn't think of it in those terms. I would think of it as just an aggregate of all the variants that play out there in Europe and how it affects us as a supplier.
James R. Verrier: Generally pretty stable. So think of it in the low 50% type number. And it varies. It could move a point or 2 during a particular quarter or to quarter comparison. But it's relatively stable through the year. And if you -- just another comment there is as that mix shift occurs, a percent or so either way, it doesn't have a material impact on BorgWarner. And that's fundamentally driven by the content that we have on gasoline engines and gasoline vehicles continues to grow and increase. So it's not a material impact on BorgWarner but generally consistent in the low 50s diesel share in Europe.
James R. Verrier: From a -- a couple of things, Joe, from a drivetrain point of view, we're not experiencing quality issues in those products. I think you've got a good assumption there. I think there's continued areas of opportunity for technology innovation and invention. We've talked about the migration to DCT continues to be a trend that we see playing out in Europe, and particularly China, which will be a key growth opportunity for the company. I think you've also seen our -- in this call an evidence or an example of the ever-increasing adoption of stop/start technology, and BorgWarner participated with some very innovative solenoid technology that's helping the automakers on stop/start solutions and fuel economy solutions. So there is continued evolution and opportunity for innovation and growth for BorgWarner on the transmission side of the business. And we'll share a little more on how that plays out in more detail next week, Joe. But I think your assumption is right where it's a good opportunity for additional growth for us.
