Ronald T. Hundzinski: That's a significant impact in that quarter is the pension contribution plus some tax deferral adjustments on the balance sheet.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Yes, David, we've been saying that our incrementals will be in the mid-teens, and to me, that's mid-teens.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: David, I would say as a baseline, those are 2 slightly above the performance, but I think we're in the range that you like at this point. And then, we're going to obviously drive even more north of that point.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Brian, it was in my script, don't know if you heard it completely. We said there would be 100 basis points of solid improvement there and incremental incomes going forward.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: So let me be clear here, over the next 6 quarters, we're going to be implementing restructuring activities, which would require us to move some facilities and close facilities -- move equipment and close facilities. After the 6 quarters is when we start to see the significant improvement of margins going forward. So 100 basis points or better, I will say that, or better, going forward after we get all this in place, okay? So we have -- there's a lot of work over the next 6 quarters to get us ourselves in that position.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Yes, the full benefits will start after that. We'll see some incrementals as we go forward, but the full benefits of all the restructuring will start after that.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: The $140 million is the funding of the pension is what it is. So there was cash left. There's other adjustments and liabilities that at the end of the year that you true-up. And then, working capital actually was in pretty -- we do a really good job -- if you look at true working capital, receivables, inventory and payables. But you have what I call nonoperating items like tax changes and things of that on the balance sheet that changes the working capital number, that you have to fund certain tax payments, prepayments and so on and so forth. I'm comfortable as far as the working capital related to the operations of the business. I would call -- I would say some of these adjustments were nonoperating.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Absolutely. If you track throughout the year, what typically happens is the first quarter is a neutral cash flow. You start to build second and third. Fourth is typically a pretty good quarter, but again we had some funding requirements that we met in the quarter that would take that out, what you would have seen on a normal cycle.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: It's not -- well, 90%, if that's close, that's what we're at, especially with the German and the total company. In the U.S., our funds are very well funded right now. In Germany, we made this contribution, we got into 70%. So I think the average is like high 80s as a company. More importantly now, we're able to put this money to work and match the liabilities with the assets. And in that way, we can risk going forward, adjust movements in discount rates and earnings so that we don't see as much volatility going forward.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Yes, like I mentioned, we're about -- our effective tax rates -- run rate was 27%. We came in, to be exact, 25.9%. What happened is you can go in our Q, but we took a look at some U.S. state valuation allowances, then released a couple of those, offset by a few other items. There's like 6 -- 4 or 5 items in there that puts and takes, but the net result was a benefit.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Yes, it is. And I'll just expand my comment on why it's still 27%. Like I said, there were those state tax valuation adjustments. And we will reevaluate the tax rate probably halfway through the year to make sure where it's at. We are always trying to lower the tax rate and maybe we'll have some opportunity. But at this point, I got to get a half year under me to see where we're at.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Yes. Obviously, I have the ability to look to see where my cash needs are going forward. The pension I thought was a very good move for BorgWarner given that the cash is in Europe. We could take a liability and start to derisk a liability going forward. That was a real good move for us. Now I'm also looking, we have the Wahler acquisition here right around the corner and there's other opportunities for us as well for cash that we're looking at.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: So we -- what we provided was our global growth and we have maybe stepped away from the comparisons versus the regional look, primarily because when we've talked about this over the last month or so, it's not really a constructive exercise as we've seen. Every time we kind of go down that path, it's a pretty complex analysis from what the market did in the region versus what our sales did. So what's really important to us is our absolute growth. That's what we're focused on as a company, that's how we manage the company. And frankly, that's what really matters. I think when you think about growth, where it comes from is not as important as why we're growing. So that's why we're going to talk to you about where our growth was and where it's coming from and I think that's the right message for you.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Joe, I read that article earlier in the week, I think, I saw it. And there seemed to be some confusion about the consumers' expectations of certain things. It wasn't truly a durability issue as you would think that the engines are failing prematurely or anything like that. It was, if I recall, reading that article, that there was some confusion by the end users on what their expectations were on some of these things, if I remember, going deeper down in that article.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Repatriation is always going to be a concern for a multinational company. We're putting structures in place to make it more efficient to bring back cash. I wouldn't say that's a primary concern. There's a lot of factors you look at on share repurchases, just not one item. You look at your outlook as far as M&A activity, you look at obviously share price, your multiples, you look at a lot of things. I wouldn't point to just one item when you look at share repurchases.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Matt, what we're going to do here is we're going to discuss all of this once we close the acquisition. Purchase price accounting is very complex and if I start giving out estimates and things and I have to retract them, I don't want to go down that path. I want to close the books, allocate all the purchase price accounting and then we'll discuss these in much more full detail in our Q, and obviously, as we meet with you folks as well once we close the acquisition. We'll be very transparent. I want to get a good look at this when I close this transaction.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: I don't anticipate any changes. But the question is about where are they at today. It's really more complex than just one segment for us because I have several product lines in there. I will say a couple of products in there maybe do require a little more CapEx and a couple of them require less CapEx. So it's hard to generalize in that area. They're not exactly all the same, but I will say going forward it should remain the same.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: What I would say right now is the average, if you were to average the full year out, that's probably a good number to go into 2014. I know -- actually, we did tick up slightly in the fourth but it's immaterial, but I would take the average for the year.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Okay. First, Richard, it was 4.1% on the full year. In the K today, it'll show you the expenses and everything. I think we're up $30 million for R&D expenditures, okay? You can back in for the quarter, which was like 4.6, okay? And now switching to, what was the other question, restructuring? We said that the $90 million additional restructuring expenses would be over the next 6 quarters, I think, is what I said in my script. We didn't identify how much in '14 per se but -- because there's a lot of accounting rules we have to go by. We know within 6 quarters we should be finished with the restructuring expenses.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: It's going to be primarily European and cash as well. It'll be more on the severance side, I think, is what I also said in my script. Yes.
James R. Verrier: Yes, David, let me take a shot at your first question. I think if we look at how Europe as a region finished up in the -- at the end of the year versus what we thought at the -- a quarter ago, it was a little better. I think it was just -- it was a little better. And I think that's probably a good summary for BorgWarner, too. So a little bit of an improvement in the fourth quarter for Europe. I think the key message, as we now move into '14, is we're seeing growth in all regions of the world and it just -- it varies a little bit around the world, but we are seeing significant growth. Not surprisingly, David, our strongest percentage of growth for the company still is in Asia, in China, and that's probably not a surprise to you when you look at our backlog, which was significantly weighted actually towards China, which we think is a great thing when you've got a country building over 20 million vehicles. So that's really strong for us. And the growth is pretty well balanced as we look across Engine and Drivetrain. So I think Ron alluded to it earlier, David, the growth is pretty much all products, all segments, all regions of the world. Varies a little bit between them. But all of that translates into that 7% to 11% of organic growth that we've talked about, which we feel really good about, David.
James R. Verrier: Yes, Brian, this is James. Let me try and take a little bit of a shot at that for you. I think the way I would characterize the improvement in 2013, Brian, is the volume piece certainly helps. We've seen very good growth in Drivetrain in the year and that absolutely is helping the cause. I think the bigger piece -- the biggest piece, Brian, it would be the excellent operational performance and discipline. And what I mean by that is if you take the clock back a while ago, there was -- we had challenges around capital installation, program launches, product launches. And we've done a nice job of resolving a lot of those issues. So the existing footprint or the existing operations have executed well. And that, coupled with the volume has, in general, driven the improved performance and improved stability thus far. As you look out a little bit, as Ron alluded to, Brian, the next step, if you like, in the journey is the optimization of the footprint, as well as the continued good execution that we're doing today. So what that really comes down to is reducing our Western European footprint and a little bit of an adjustment in North America and adding additional capacity and infrastructure into lower-cost regions of the world. So think Poland, think Mexico, think China and that will take us to the next level. So growth plus a better footprint is going to absolutely help take Drivetrain up to the next level, Brian.
James R. Verrier: Yes, John, I think the 4% is still a decent number for you to think of over the -- as you look forward. But as I -- to your point, I think when we get an opportunity to spend a little more in R&D, if we've got some critical innovation programs and products we want to work on, we're going to find a way to do that. So I think 4% is not a bad number and you may see it go a little below that quarter-to-quarter or you may see it go a little bit above it. But we're not going to slow down the R&D spend, that's just a critical, critical part of the company, John.
James R. Verrier: No, John, I would say 2013 was really a very good year for us in terms of capacity utilization and all that came with that. We're not really seeing anything of significance at this point, John, as around the world, we're not. There's always day-to-day, week-to-week challenges, but I would say nothing fundamental and nothing holding us back, delivering what we need to deliver. And I think you've seen some of that translated into our incrementals that Ron alluded to. So, so far so good for us other than, I would say, normal challenges, John.
James R. Verrier: Ryan, this is James. I think the first thing for me that's probably worth reinforcing is 7% to 11% growth isn't too shabby. We feel really actually very good about that and that gets us back in the somewhat normal typical growth rates of BorgWarner. So we feel good about that. The simple way to look at it is, you take our backlog as you articulated and that's a strong number and then you take out price down, FX out and then you look at, I'll call it, a BorgWarner mix-adjusted production volumes around the world. And that's about where you get to where we are. So the quick way of saying it, the pricing is probably a couple of percent, global production adjusted for BorgWarner mix around the world and our products is also a couple of percent and that's what gets you to the 9% number. And again, we feel good about that. That's organically, as we've reinforced. As Ron alluded to, if all goes well and we close out the Wahler transaction, that's going to add another 300 or 400 basis points on top of that, which gets us to where we think we're going to be over the long term, which is this low-double-digit growth rate, which we feel is very, very strong.
James R. Verrier: Yes, I'm not sure the actual specific J.D. Power report that you -- the specific one you're referring to. But at a high level, we had -- with the adoption rate and desire for turbo just continues to go as strong as we've thought over the last several quarters and that, I would say, is across all of the displacement ranges. So we continue to see a huge shift towards smaller downsized turbo engines and we're not seeing anything there. We've not really seen any meaningful issues around launches or volumes relative to that type of stuff. So we're not seeing it in our business is the real quick answer for you.
James R. Verrier: Yes. Joe, our current emissions business is balanced between both light vehicle and commercial vehicle. So we play in that space today, both light and commercial vehicle. And your assumption is a good one, that Wahler will bring both light vehicle and commercial vehicle revenue stream into the company and technology as well. A couple of other comments around Wahler. As we've unfolded over the last few years, really, around this emissions business, we've taken a number of really critical steps. We started off with a primarily EGR valve business, North American-centric, and have taken that more globally. Then we did the Dytech ENSA acquisition that gave the cooler capability, which was primarily in Europe but we've now been successful in taking that globally. What this really brings is a really key piece for us, which is valve, tube and thermostat capability but with somewhat of a European-centric view, which we feel is a fabulous asset for us because that really brings strength to us from the German OEMs, both light vehicle and some commercial vehicle. So this is a terrific fit for us strategically, and we're excited to move forward and get it closed and start integrating it into BorgWarner and growing the business. The other -- one other last thought for you, Joe, in terms of the broader question of end markets. Our backlog, again, was pretty robust. I think we were -- 15-plus percent of our backlog was tied to commercial vehicle market and I use that term generically because that includes a lot of off-highway-type volumes as well. So we're continuing to make progress in serving those broader end markets beyond light vehicle.
James R. Verrier: Yes, I mean, so far, what we're seeing is schedules and releases holding up pretty well. As we've started out the year, we're 5 or 6 weeks in. We're like everybody else. We pay close attention to inventory levels and pricing dynamics in the industry to not kind of get ahead of ourselves. But I would say so far so good is what we're seeing in terms of what we were hoping North America would start off at. So, so far so good is kind of our sense, Joe.
James R. Verrier: Yes, Brian, this is James. We're feeling pretty good actually how the acquisition pipeline is working out. Getting Wahler closed and behind us, which hopefully is only a couple of weeks away, should be a good thing and that will be kind of in the bag. We -- our pipeline is still pretty robust. We talked about it last summer, the target pool companies of about 30 or so companies. Just like with any process, some companies have fallen out, a couple more have emerged and gone into there. So it's still a really robust pipeline for us. And I think the key message that I would probably want to share is the Wahler transaction, assuming it all goes through, won't stop us doing other ones, both from a cash perspective, and probably as importantly, resources and integration perspective. So we're actively looking and engaged in a lot of conversations to get another one done, and we're working as hard on that one as we did on Wahler. So we're feeling pretty good where that's playing out right now, Brian.
James R. Verrier: It's the idea, Brett. Whether we can execute it is, as you know, I think, from prior conversations, is much a function of the seller as it is us. We have a strong desire and intent. And with a number of possibilities on the table, we're certainly hopeful. But it just really will depend on the willingness of the seller, but we're working awful hard on getting it done.
James R. Verrier: Brett, I would say pretty similar to where we were when we were all together in Detroit a few weeks ago, which, for us, in Europe means a little bit of growth this year in light vehicle production, whether it's 2%, 1.5%, 3% in that range. We don't see a significant mix shift between gas and diesel. We're not seeing much of a shift in our luxury or premium vehicles versus none. So it's about where we were in January and that, for us, is actually okay. I mean, that says things are holding up reasonably well, little bit of growth, little bit of stability. And then in the out-years, we're expecting it to be a very slow and modest recovery is kind of our view, Brett.
James R. Verrier: Richard, this is James. It's not an easy thing to do and it's something we take very seriously. These are not easy decisions as a business for our employees, as well as for our customers, as well as us. It's not something we enjoy doing at all. It's something that we feel very difficult, but we do feel that we have a plan in place that will be okay, actually. What Ron is doing is quite right; obviously, he's giving you estimates because things do vary. There's a lot of -- still a lot of discussions and negotiations that are pending with our employees, with our unions, et cetera. So -- but I think in terms of the approximate numbers and the timeline that Ron has outlined, Richard, I think it's a pretty good, decent set of assumptions at this stage for sure.
James R. Verrier: Richard, the quick answer I would give to you is we are not seeing a slowdown in adoption rates of DCT. What I'll translate that to into specifics for you is as we look out over the next 4 or 5 years, we see a compound annual growth rate for the DCT product line. I'm not talking BorgWarner revenue, but for DCT adoption rates of about a 15% compound annual growth rate, which is not materially different from what it was a couple of years ago. So no, we're not seeing a slowdown at all, which I think is good. And it's for all the reasons I think we've articulated before. It's an extremely effective way to get a fuel economy benefit and still have great driving performance. So we're not seeing any real shift there, Richard, is the quick answer.
James R. Verrier: Well, you can utilize obviously stepped automatics, which is also a great technology for BorgWarner, and you can also use CVT or you can stick with a conventional manual transmission. Those are the 4 primary architectures that are used. We see -- and we see manual transmissions somewhat declining and we see growth in stepped automatic, DCT and CVT as a mix shift, with DCT being arguably the strongest growth of all of those, Richard.
