James R. Verrier: Yeah. Good morning, Colin. This is James. Fair question. First of all, thanks for the comment on a strong Q1. We really did feel good about that strong organic growth. A couple of things to think about. It's only one quarter in, and I think we need to calibrate that. As we alluded to, there are a couple of things that we're paying attention to – the diesel/gas mix, the China and North America. So we've got to watch those a little bit. So I think it's just a prudent thing at this stage to get another quarter under our belt. With that said, as Ron and I both alluded to, we are comfortable that we're certainly trending towards the high end of our guidance. And let's get another quarter under our belt is kind of a key thing, I would say.
James R. Verrier: Yes. No. Ron explained it. I think it was 29% growth for the first quarter, so well above the market. The really good thing, Colin, was it was pretty much across all of our product offering, we saw that growth in China, so both on the engine side and the Drivetrain side. I think, from a, let me say, a strategic perspective, we are starting to see the strong acceleration of DCT in China. I know for many of you that have been following us for a while, that's been a little bit long in coming. But we did see a notable uplift in DCT revenue in China, which is a big part. But really it was across the whole product portfolio we saw strong growth in China.
James R. Verrier: Yes, Rod. This is James. I'll take a shot at it and then Ron can add as needed. I think the way I look at it at least is we feel good about the backlog. The first quarter is coming in a little bit ahead of what we thought. Second quarter backlog looks pretty good too. I don't think it's so much of a pulling. I think it's a little bit of a, let's give ourself a little bit more time to see how things play out, frankly speaking, before we would want to readjust the backlog number. There's nothing materially pulling in from a launch perspective, Rod. It's not a big shift of product mix, launch or anything like that. I think it's just Q1 came in stronger than we'd anticipated. We're digesting that. We want to see how that runs into the second quarter. And then we'll have a better view of what the second half backlog looks like. But no fundamental shift kind of is the point, Rod, in terms of technology, adoption, launch cadence, those types of things.
James R. Verrier: Yes, Rod, I'll take a shot at that for you. I think you're right. First of all, we do as we showed in the chart there that the diesel decline has accelerated faster than I think what everybody was anticipating. So that's moved down that 350 bps in the first quarter versus our expectation of 100 bps or so. We do see that potentially going down further through the rest of the year. So, we're seeing it accelerate a little faster move to gas more a little faster. It's certainly going to put pressure on 2017 CO2 attainment for sure. What we're seeing from a more, I don't know, medium-term perspective, Rod, I would say it's fair that we are seeing even more increased development activity in contracts around gas, advanced gas particularly, and hybrids and less focus on diesel development. I don't want to portray that there's not optimization in programs going on for diesel, because there is. But it's fair to say that we've seen an uptick in focus on EV architecture discussions, hybrids and particularly a lot of work around optimizing the advanced gasoline engines. So, hopefully that helps a little bit, Rod. I think where it all ends and settles, we'll have to see how it plays out during the year. From a Borg perspective, we feel good. We feel well-positioned because we're participating on those hybrid architectures, the gas architectures and obviously EV architectures too. So, more to come, Rod, but I think the key message is, it's accelerating.
James R. Verrier: Yes, Brian, I can take a shot at that. So, for us, what it implies is, when customers, OEMs shift capacity from diesel to gasoline turbos, we're in a good place. Most of the capacity that we have is generic between a gas turbo and a diesel turbo. There are some unique things within the supply chain. But that's manageable. Likewise, on the EGR technology, those products migrate from a diesel EGR platform to gas, it's transferable. I would say the (38:41) is a little sticky that's really not that transferable, but that's a smaller one of the three and our VCT capacity ramp is well underway. So, for us, it's not a big deal, really, and we'll be able to move much quicker and much more flexibly than the OEMs. That's for sure, Brian.
James R. Verrier: No, good question, Brian. It's the full spectrum in Drivetrain. So, let me give you a few examples or a few highlights. We clearly benefited from the truck mix in North America as an example. So transfer case technology is clearly in the Drivetrain segment. So. we're seeing growth there. We're seeing growth on the rotating electrics from the ex-Remy business across regionally. We're also gaining on our, what I would call our core transmission business, so as we move forward with friction plates and clutch packs, that's driving growth. And then DCT, particularly in China, where we're seeing growth, both with the domestics and the global guys. So, not one product, Brian. The good news for us, it's a balance across all of the Drivetrain products we're seeing growth and it's balanced regionally also.
James R. Verrier: I don't know. We can probably get that for you later, Brian, (40:28) some calculations, All right. We'll get back to you, Brian.
James R. Verrier: Yes. Yes, sure. It's a good thought. Let me give you a couple of comments. First of all, I want to be clear, I'm not going to make any comments regarding Conti or Delphi. That's not my place to do that. What I can do is talk about why we're excited about the growth of BorgWarner in our propulsion business. To specifically get to your quick question of do we see growth in combustion or internal combustion-related business? Yes, we do. We do. And when we published our data towards the end of last year in our Investor Day, the way to think about the combustion space is it's essentially a flat market as you look out the next five years to seven years. So, there's no real growth there in the market. BorgWarner expects to grow in mid-single-digit growth and that's primarily driven through content adds (42:42) and more increased penetration around turbochargers, EGR technology and variable valve timing technology. So we do see growth for BorgWarner in the mid-single digits for combustion-related products. That's why we're so excited about it. And we also leverage then on top of that the growth in hybrid products and electric products that makes for us, propulsion's absolutely a great business for us to be in.
James R. Verrier: Yeah, not – we haven't really seen anything at this point, I would say, John. To be fair, we've historically done well with GM in Europe and we've done well with PSA in Europe. So our thought is it'll be okay for us, it will be good for us. But we haven't really seen anything materially emerge if that's the right way to think about it, John. But when it does, we feel pretty good about it.
James R. Verrier: Yeah. I'll take a shot for you. I think, first of all, we feel very good about the traction we're getting in around Drivetrain growth. It's positive. It is pretty broad across a lot of different platforms and products. So, it's difficult to single out one platform or one type of thing. As I would say to you, I think the bigger move – the things that are going to move it around will be think of truck mix in North American definitely moves it because that's transportation (46:53) content. DCT in China will move or move it up and down fairly quickly. And the growth of ex Remy starter alternator business will also move it. So I hope that gives you some sense. We do expect strong growth, as we've said, in Drivetrain. It's going to continue, but it's a little bit difficult when you try and break it down by vehicle platform or get too granular because I think there's just a lot of broad growth regionally and across a lot of different customers and platforms now. But the punch line is, Drivetrain is a strong growth part of the company and which we feel very good about.
James R. Verrier: Yeah, I think that's a fair perspective. And in addition to that, I would say China DCT also. Those are the two that are going to – another quarter is really going to help us get more clarity for the rest of the year for you guys. Truck mix and China DCT are the two that are going to move the most, and we want to just get a sense. Just to give you a little bit of additional color, part of the truck mix is relatively easy to track. China DCT, remember that a lot of these are in launch and start-up volume mode. So that's a little bit trickier to predict, if that helps you. That's kind of what drives a little bit of the uncertainty is how fast will the launch go, what's the vehicle adoption rates in China. But generally, as you can see in the first quarter, we're off to a good start and feeling good about it.
James R. Verrier: Well, they've talked obviously publicly about building dual-clutch transmissions in China for themselves. So they've talked about that publicly, and I've talked about that ramp. At this stage, I'm not really in a good position to give you clarity and detail on what that means for BorgWarner.
James R. Verrier: But I – yeah, I can confirm that – as they've already confirmed that they're moving towards DCT. And frankly speaking, it's not a surprise. As I put in my comments this morning, China (50:05) has launched its DCT with BorgWarner content. And we're seeing more acceleration and adoption of DCT in China. So that's what I can tell you at this point.
James R. Verrier: I would say, in general, the pricing environment is fairly consistent with historical levels. So there is generally, as you know, that pressure exists in the market. We have a – historically, we've done about 1.5% to 2% price down. That's a little better than the industry based on our strong market position. And we think that will continue on.
James R. Verrier: Yeah, David, good thought. I think in general, it's playing out pretty much as we had anticipated in terms of both China and North America for turbo penetration numbers. I don't have the number in front of me. Maybe we can get back to you, David.
James R. Verrier: Okay. But I would say it's pretty much in line, David. And that's obviously what's driving good growth for us in those two regions. But no acceleration or deceleration in terms of adoption rate from what we had anticipated at the beginning of the year, if that's helpful for you.
James R. Verrier: Yeah. No, thanks for bringing that up, David. It's – yeah, it's really exciting for us. What it fundamentally has done for us is given us a very, frankly, effective and efficient way to get access to a lot of start-up business and operations focused on ground transportation. So this is not a highly broad-reaching area for ground transportation. So it's focused in our space. And it basically gets access to start-ups in – around the world. So, it's not just a "Silicon Valley Initiative". We see start-up ideas from Tel Aviv. We see them from Europe. We see them – and we have the ability to engage with these start-ups in very different ways. Key to us, though, is getting access to some of those start-up technologies that can help our business, could be disruptive to our business, and making sure that we don't ever get surprised with some new inventions that are coming out of there that we're not part of. We want to get in on the front end of it. So, yeah, it's pretty exciting, it's pretty early for us. But we're really, really encouraged by both the amount of start-ups that are coming through and the relevance to our propulsion space. So there'll be a lot more to come on this, David, but it's very exciting and we're off to a good start with it.
James R. Verrier: Yeah, Adam, let me take a shot at that for you. We don't see that is the quick punch line. We're not – and there's a couple of data points here. We've been invested into hybrids and electrics for a number of years. And if you think about it, our R&D percentage has kind of trended around that 4% through that period. So that's one indicator. And if you look at our after-tax ROIC numbers over that period, they're not coming materially down. They're bouncing around that 15% area. And as we look today at the products that we're shipping today in boxes to customers, single-speed transmissions and other products, those are all at the BorgWarner-type levels. So we are not experiencing any headwinds as we migrate the portfolio to more hybrids and more electrics for the company (55:35). We're not seeing that at all.
James R. Verrier: Yeah, I would say this way, Adam. We have – we – for sure, we model out the various propulsion architectures over time and look at those kind of variables. We don't have a pinpoint number that we look at. What we look at is what do we see as the future of a hybrid propulsion system costing and what are the drivers behind that, same with the pure EV. But, candidly speaking, we're not in the game of deciding the when and the what. We're going to participate across all three architectures and be well positioned there. So for us, it's not a big, big driver either way, what that mix is between hybrid and electric and combustion products.
James R. Verrier: Yeah. I would say as we came in 100 to 200 basis points, we're probably at 300 to 400 basis points now, Rich, is what we're thinking.
James R. Verrier: Yeah, your recollection was right, Rich, it's – it's single-digit-type numbers, but we're finding it's starting to climb. So we're starting to see more quotes, more interest, and more applications. And so, I would say, it's pretty much in line with what we were at six months ago. And I would tell you the perspective is we feel good about win rates in that space. That's the other area I'm feeling pretty good about. So it's a climb up, Rich, from single-digits and it's just going on keep on climbing up over the period.
James R. Verrier: Yeah. I'll take a shot at that for you, Joe. I think the first and most important thing that's on the OEM's mind is to call the guy that understands the propulsion system and all that comes with that, the interface between engine and transmission and the vehicle. And I think it's fair to say a lot of that resident knowledge, expertise generally as a – in general, will start or lead with the mechanical – electromechanical aspects, but they absolutely want somebody to understand that, the electromechanical, the system, the power electronics, and the motor. And that makes us one of a few – a small group that can offer them that support and that capability. And the last point I would make, Joe, that's really important is they want to make that call whether it's a combustion propulsion, a hybrid, or a pure EV propulsion, because they want that partner to help determine with them what propulsion mix they should be working forward with (61:21). And that's definitely BorgWarner in our perspective over the last couple of years.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: The only thing I would add, Rod, is sometimes, you hit on all cylinders and it was one of those quarters where we actually hit on (32:51) cylinders, in the past, we have some positive news and then we have some negative news. This is one of those quarters where everything just, quite frankly, came in positive, right where we hoped it would come in and it did. So, it was a great quarter.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: I'll talk about the commodity. Commodity headwind was $10 million for the full year. But it was mostly weighted to the first quarter. But, what really happened in the quarter, Rod, is we saw the inflationary environment. And as we said before, roughly 65% is contractually passed through. And then we typically do better than that on negotiations, and what happened is we did better than that. We were able to negotiate more pass-through. So, therefore, you didn't really see any kind of headwind in the quarter in commodity. But, inflationary environment is there, I'd like to point that out.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: It was $10 million of – this was the commodity impact-wise, and that includes some corporate, as well, cost in there for the full year, Rod.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: So, John, this is Ron. The mix from diesel to gas are similar in margins. If you take a look at the manufacturing process and the components, as James said earlier, there's not a lot of investments to be made. You're going down the same production lines. Turbocharger still has a compressor wheel in it, for example. And the EGR products are very similar. So we don't see any kind of negative movement or positive movement either way quite frankly, in the mix from diesel to gasoline.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Yes, so electrification, as you know, we are shifting products in electrification, so we have experience already in what the cost looks like, what the sales prices are. And they go through a very rigorous review as far as approval, quite frankly, to make the capital investment. And they've all passed, which means that they line up with the current profile of return on invested capital in this company, and the margin profile is very similar. So again, we don't see any negative impact by the movement into that area.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Rich, you're right. First of all, the guidance was flat. And I would say the guide at this point – we had a good quarter, but at this point, the guide still is flat, Rich. This market's fooled us in the past and we got to see – like James said earlier, we got to see another quarter of continued improvement before we get really excited about it.
