Kevin Nowlan: So a couple of things. On the 60 million, if you remember last quarter, we talked about having $50 million to $60 million of net commodity headwind and then we talked about double digit million of additional inflationary pressures. With the 60 million addition where we're actually at on a full year basis for both elements, the commodity piece and the other inflationary pressures, it's about $130 million to $140 million net. That's net of the recoveries. And so that's an increase of $60 million. In terms of managing the incrementals on the sales cut, aside from the $60 million flowing through, keep in mind, the bulk of the sales cut is really driven by foreign exchange. If you look at the production cuts, the math of the production cuts that we're talking about in our guide translates to somewhere around $500 million to $600 million of lower revenue. But the increased outgrowth that we're delivering is kind of in that $450 million range. So it's substantially offsetting the production impact. So the lower revenue is really predominantly driven by the foreign exchange. That's why you're not seeing a huge detrimental on lower revenues, because it's mainly translation.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. We're still actively involved in our processes. But I'd say it's highly likely that the current market environment is going to have some impact on the timing of that disposition process. I think until there's more clarity around things like the resolution of inflationary cost pressures, the impact of Russia-Ukraine, the impact of COVID lockdowns in China, I think it has the potential to impact certain buyers, making them a little bit more hesitant in different processes that we're undertaking. So I think that's okay. We're not a desperate seller. We're looking at disciplined approaches to selling positive cash flow generating businesses that have a certain value to us. So I would tell you those processes we're involved in right now are continuing to progress. But I think it's fair to assume that this has the potential to impact the market environment for executing these dispositions in the near term, until there's more clarity about the situation. This situation being the market situation.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, so the increase in the outgrowth effectively going up 300 basis points is really a combination of the flow through of what we saw in Q1, the good news, as well as the incremental pricing recoveries that we're anticipating. Now, ultimately, the pricing -- the additional pricing, which is both related to commodities, the contractual commodities, as well as some of the non-contractual things that we're working on, it's really going to be subject to the negotiations that ultimately transpire both with the suppliers, how much of that flows through to us and how much of that passes through to customers? I think you should assume that that of the 3 points of additional outgrowth, that's somewhere in the zip code of plus or minus 2 points of that 3 points and the Q1 outgrowth coming through being the rest of it, so still even without that delivering 5 or 6 points of outgrowth on a full year basis. In terms of that 130 million to 140 million, what I was trying to get at, I apologize if I confused the situation, but 130 million to 140 million represents the total net impact of material cost inflation, inclusive of commodities, on a year-over-year basis. That's a $60 million increase from what was embedded in our prior guide.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, so the R&D -- on the R&D, you're right. We changed the wording a little bit. And the main reason we did that is because actually as part of managing our cost structure along with other things that we manage within our P&L, we actually did manage our R&D on the combustion side lower in the quarter than what was implicitly in our guidance. So it was part of our cost management actions. So if you look at total R&D for the company, it was up $8 million year-over-year. But our e-products R&D in the first quarter was actually up over $20 million, which just means combustion-based R&D was down on a year-over-year basis. So we wanted to make sure it was clear that we haven't come off the expectation that we're continuing to invest the same amount of e-R&D on a year-over-year basis. With respect to the cadence of margins, we're obviously not giving quarterly guidance. But what I would suggest to you is Q2 is likely going to come under the most pressure because that's where we're likely to see a lot of the volume headwinds. As Fred talked about with Europe, some of the challenges that we're likely going to see in Europe from a production perspective are going to be most pronounced probably in the second quarter. And we're obviously living right now through the impacts of the China shutdowns. And that's going to have an impact on second quarter revenue as well. So we'll obviously see impacts of that from a conversion perspective. As we then get back to the back half of the year, we would expect those types of pressures to abate as some of the OEMs are working on solutions to navigate the European situation. And we would expect the China situation to recover in the back half of the year, most of the volume that gets lost in the second quarter. And then on top of that, we expect that we'll see significant progress even over the next 90 days or so, as we work with our customers on these recovery mechanisms, which should help to further mitigate some of the headwinds that we're expecting to see there as part of that 130 million to 140 million net.
Kevin Nowlan: Just to clear, Emmanuel, the 130 million to 140 million is net. It's net of our assumption about pricing recoveries, which is both the normal contractual commodity recoveries which is still working the way they're designed at 50%, but also an assumption that we're going to be continuing to work with our customers to try to recover some of the extra inflationary impacts that we're seeing. And so the 130 million to 140 million is net of the assumption about those recoveries.
Kevin Nowlan: Well, we haven't -- we're not giving updated guidance on R&D in total for the company. It's obviously one of the levers that we have to be able to manage our cost structure when we look at the non-e-related R&D. But I think you should continue to expect that we're going to drive the investment and growth in the e-R&D that's necessary to support the launch of our programs and the profitable growth of the future. So we continue to expect that to be growing at $130 million to $160 million this year. I think it's still also overall a good way to think about as being in that 5% to 5.5% range from a total R&D perspective on a full year basis. And that's where we are based on what's underlying our current guidance.
Kevin Nowlan: And then in terms of the specific outgrowth-related numbers, Brian, I guess if you look at what's embedded in our guidance, that 7% to 8% outgrowth, that translates to more than a $1 billion of outgrowth this year. And separately, we've disclosed that we expect our EV revenue this year to be over 800 million, which is more than double what it was last year. So you can see, hey, there's 400 million plus coming from EVs and the rest of its coming from everything else. So to answer your question, yes, we're still seeing outgrowth in parts of our business other than EV.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, I think China really started to have an impact very late in the quarter. It's really more of an impact here as we get into Q2. But then in terms of Europe, you can just see the loss production. Obviously, we normally -- as we talked about in the past, we normally convert in the high teens on incremental revenue. And so as we start to lose revenue, it has an impact on our conversion accordingly. If you just cut through the math of what happened to us in the first quarter from a margin perspective, on a comparable basis, when you exclude FX and you exclude the Water Valley disposition, there were really just three things that moved the needle for us. It was the net material cost impacts that we talked about year-over-year, almost $50 million. It was the incremental e-products-related R&D of $20 million, and then a little bit of impact from AKASOL. Other than that, it was pretty normal conversion. So again, if we had more production coming out of different geographies, we would expect to convert on that normally at our typical incremental margins.
Kevin Nowlan: It assumes a couple of things. We're expecting that Q2 will be the most challenged quarter from a production perspective, because I think some of the lingering impacts of the Russia-Ukraine situation will likely manifest in Q2 and then probably see some recovery in production beyond that. In China, the lockdowns are going on right now. And our expectation underlying our guide is that the situation in China gets resolved in the early part of June and that we see the bulk of those volumes get recovered later in the year. So embedded in the guide is that Q2 will be the most challenge from a production perspective.
Kevin Nowlan: In terms of the input costs, a lot of it goes back to the overall inflationary environment is really having an impact on, I'd say, just about everything. You see it on semiconductors, you see it on a lot of underlying commodities. Take a commodity like nickel; nickel gets used in batteries, nickel gets used in stainless steel. So that's having an impact across both types of propulsion architectures, whether you're talking about EVs or ICE. So the way we go about managing our cost structure is pretty much the same whether it's an ICE-based component or an EV component, except that on the EV side, we're very cognizant of making sure that we're continuing to make the incremental e-R&D investments to support our long-term growth and the launch of the programs that are coming into the P&L over the coming years.
Kevin Nowlan: We're seeing cost pressures in both. If you look at the indices, even just in the last 90 days what's happened to stainless steel, to nickel, to aluminum, copper, those types of things, you're seeing 20%, 30%, 40% increases in some of those indices. And so that cuts across that can be ICE-based technology or it can be EV-based technology. And then logistics costs, freight costs, labor costs at some of the suppliers, those are impacting across the propulsion type as well. So I wouldn't say it's limited to one technology or the other.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, we price our business substantially similar. Whether it's a system or a component, we look at the return on the invested capital or look at the capital that's required. And it tends to be, since we're in the assembly business, whether it's a system or a standalone motor that we likely have relatively comparable capital intensity for that individual sale, which means that the margin profile on a percentage basis tends to look similar. Obviously, if you're selling more content through a system, the dollar amounts might be bigger, but the ROIC in the margin profile tend to look directionally similar.
Kevin Nowlan: So with respect to AKASOL, I'll take that question. AKASOL, we delivered between $40 million and $50 million of revenue this first quarter. And I would say, we tend to be trending stronger in terms of what we're seeing is the longer term prospects for that business from a growth perspective.
Frédéric Lissalde: Aileen, I think you need to think about it depending on the attributes or the characteristics of the target. So if you have an acquisition that we're going after that has a substantial current business in production, the current market conditions will have more impact on us looking at it versus a target that would be more of a startup in nature. And that's the way we look at it. The startup in nature, if there is a low level of production and if the bulk of the business comes in the years to come, the impact is way more marginal. In any case, we've always applied a very disciplined approach as far as M&A is concerned, actually MD&A is concerned. This will carry on. And over the past two quarters, we've turned down some acquisitions that we looked at for economical reason. So very disciplined in those approaches.
Frédéric Lissalde: Yes, I think I am getting encouraged by the discussions that we have with our customers. Those are not easy discussions, but we're making progress. And I think we will have substantially more clarity in the next earnings call to give you more detail. But the discussion is ongoing and encouraged by the tones.
Frédéric Lissalde: No. It's a technology that came with the Delphi acquisition that has been enhanced since we're together.
Frédéric Lissalde: We're very happy with the intensity of discussion with the customers' intensity of quotes and book business, and also very happy with the increase of 130 million to 160 million year-over-year on R&D on E. And we want to maintain that. And again, this increase is linked to application engineering and launch and quoting activities for businesses where we have high confidence. It's not R&D, scratching our heads on what products we're going to develop. It's really concrete, linked to launch activities. And we feel good about those numbers.
Frédéric Lissalde: So I would tell you that I think that the people that have been impacted by the Ukraine war directly, and it's not really our case, have done a pretty good job over the past weeks getting around some of the origin or supply chain that we saw when this conflict arose. And so we've reduced the midpoint of our European forecast by about 1.3 million units. But remember, 40% of that reduction is Russia where we have very, very low exposure. So I think even if Q2 is going to be under pressure still, I think our customers are really doing an effective job managing through those supply issues in Europe.
Frédéric Lissalde: Yes, this is a little untypical. We've been working with this customer for quite some time. And we've announced it since they have really spread the volumes to all those platforms. I would still say that for such a product, 18 months would be a good proxy, 18 to 24 months. Usually, we do not start from scratch. We have modular battery management systems available. And this is why we can launch very rapidly. You've seen some of the other launches also in eMotors. eMotors also linked to the modular design, we can be up and running pretty rapidly. So 18 months would be a good proxy.
Frédéric Lissalde: Yes, it is ongoing. As I mentioned before, Emmanuel, progress are being made and encouraged by the mindset of the interaction and the discussion with the customers. And so, yes, I am absolutely confident that we're going to get to the target that we set to ourselves, both managing the count [ph] and we're not -- as you know, we're not in the business of making deals. We're in the business of a long-term relationship, and I expect fairness in the relationship in the short term into semi, to volume, to inflation, and also improving and nurturing the relationship on the longer term with great e-products at the lowest total cost of ownership for our customers. We're doing both. And as a side note, I've been in sales-related function for about 20 years of my life. So this is something that I've got a little bit of experience of.
Frédéric Lissalde: It's already difficult enough to get to a resolution for this year. We don't want to speculate for what's happening next year. Next year will be the next year. Right now, the focus is to get to our targets in some fairness this year.
Frédéric Lissalde: Brian, I think we're focusing charging forward on pure BEV and it's the right thing to do. Hybrid is simply a combination of good combustion product and great BEV product. The dual inverter program in China is a good example of that, and we're seeing high voltage plug-in hybrids, 400 volts and above. Still taking some share of the market. And for us, what's really important to understand is that this is giving us scale. This is giving us launch experience in motors, in those inverters that apply in high voltage plug-in hybrids for now, but would get us really scaling in BEV too. So high voltage plug-in hybrids is a clear trend as well as BEV. And with both, we are able to serve our customers without being painted to whether they want BEV or high voltage plug-in hybrids. And all that converges into getting us scale. I was mentioning 3.3 billion of pure BEV revenue in 2025. If you add the high voltage plug-in hybrids on top of that, I don't have a number today, but it's pretty significant.
Frédéric Lissalde: I don't have all the detail. Pat, will you please come back to James. What I can tell you at least that on one of your question is most of the 2 million of eMotor volume in 2025 are standalone motors. And a few go into iDM, but by far not the vast majority. For the rest, Pat is going to come back to you.
Frédéric Lissalde: So this is the first major one that we announced cutting across a lot of volume and a lot of platform for launch globally. There are other BMS businesses in the company that came with the Delphi acquisition. And, of course, we're doing our own BMS as far as commercial vehicle battery packs are concerned. We will not flag that out independently from the battery pack revenue. So that's a little bit of California, James.
Frédéric Lissalde: That's easy. The 2.7 billion is organic. It's the first bar of charging forward [indiscernible] that you can see on our Web site. The additional 600 or 700 is coming from acquisition. And it's essentially AKASOL and a little bit of Santroll and 2.7 plus points is a bit more than 0.6, which is 0.6 to 0.7 [indiscernible] 3.3. That's how the math works.
Frédéric Lissalde: Yes, so on the 2.7, we're not updating three or four digit after the coma. So this is a rounding. We're not going to dig that each time we book a business. So as far as the BMS, that's a competitive advantage. It is our ability to combine again hardware and software. And this is part of the winning equation that I always alluded to mechanical, hardware and software altogether. And this is what we do very well and starting being absolutely recognized globally for a whole suite of products, including now battery management systems for [indiscernible] independently, but also together with AKASOL commercial vehicles.
Frédéric Lissalde: It's business as usual, except when it comes to production. But I'm not expecting any delay as far as new technology and sourcing are concerned.
