Frédéric B. Lissalde: Yeah, I think maybe to make it simple why don’t I speak relative to the midpoint of the range. But as you think first half to second half, I think when you exclude the impact of AKASOL which is $75 million revenue sequentially, first half to second half is down a couple of hundred million dollars. So obviously we have lost conversion on that revenue. But then on top of that as you're going first half to second half, you've got the net commodity headwinds, which are an incremental $20 million to $40 million in the second half. Our R&D on a net basis is stepping up in the second half, another $25 million to $30 million and those things are being partially offset by about $20 million to $25 million of incremental synergies. So, that's kind of the walk as you look first half to second half.  I think the thing if you look year-over-year, if you're talking second half of this year versus our pro form a second half of last year, I think one of the things you have to keep in mind is part of the revenue walk is AKASOL of $75 million and foreign exchange, which is a little bit over $100 million, so $200 million of our revenue improvement comes with virtually no margin because FX converts to basically our operating income and AKASOL actually because of purchase price amortization is dilutive this year about $10 million. The net is no conversion on that incremental $200 million which means what it means then on the revenue that's left, there's actually the downside conversion at the midpoint of our guide, plus those other things I spoke of the commodity costs, R&D being up, but synergies being a little bit of an offset. So hopefully that helps. 
Frédéric B. Lissalde: I think the volumes are meaningful and what we've seen also is it is time we book a business in this field, volume expectation is going up and up. So, those are two great programs for us. And from an iDM perspective, as you've seen, we're building a modular portfolio, it's a different power output, different power level, and so very happy about that and hitting the market with great products. 
Frédéric B. Lissalde: So right now the iDM -- the iDM is a power level. So within that power level, it cuts across the vehicles that the customer wants to tailor for that power level. So that's the color I can give you. It starts with the platform and we'll cut across 250 kilowatt power level. 
Frédéric B. Lissalde: It's in line with what we expected and this is currently where the music is played the loudest from an EV acceleration standpoint. This is where we're going to gain scale early, very happy about that. And the technology that we bring in to the market and the competitiveness that we bring into the market with in house transmission, motor electronic software is very, very well received. 
Frédéric B. Lissalde: Yeah, I think you've got the number right. As you look at the second half of the year on a year-over-year basis it's in the $45 million to $64 million range. So you've hit the midpoint exactly right. And that is a net number, net of our recoveries. Now obviously, there are some timing lags as it relates to recoveries, but the bulk of those recoveries are expected to be in our results as we progress through the year. And so that number that we're talking about the 45 to 65 in the back half of the year on a year-over-year basis is net of the recoveries already. But there might be a little bit of a tailwind heading into the first quarter of next year. 
Frédéric B. Lissalde: Yes, a little bit. So certainly because the headwinds as we go first half to second half or definitely more negative call it $20 million to $40 million and as that carries over to the -- to the extent it carries over into Q1 of next year, that would be an incremental headwind on a year-over-year basis relative to Q1 of this year. But of course, there's lots of moving pieces as we head into the beginning of the year. We know next year in 2023 we got another 55 million to 60 million of synergies to recoup from the Delphi transaction. We've got the legacy BorgWarner restructuring actions we announced 18 months ago and you remember, we said those actions were to mitigate unknown risks. These are the types of risk exactly that we were geared toward, things that were unforeseen at the time, and that's another 25 plus million of tailwind next year with the legacy Delphi restructuring actions project, which is incremental tailwind next year. And then any conversion on our continued outgrowth. So there's a lots of puts and takes as we head toward next year, but incrementally if commodity levels held, there would be an incremental headwind heading into next Q1 versus this year's Q1. 
Frédéric B. Lissalde: So, I think we all grew the market in Q2. We under performed in North America due to customer exposures and we over performed in Europe and China double-digit, driven pretty much by all products. There is not one product that drives more than the other. Now in Q2, I must admit there was a lot of moving pieces. And we're not looking at our growth per quarter, that is too finite. So, we're very happy with the way our top line is evolving this year. And very happy to be able to beat and raise in the short-term. Also very focused in the long-term. We are investing in R&D in order to support the programs that have been booked and very happy with where we are both short-term on the margin and cash flow and also the activities from a long-term booking. And I want to take the example, people focus a lot on downstream at that rate, but the example of that high voltage I think it's a great example where BorgWarner can develop in house and really solve a problem of battery electric vehicle. Battery electric vehicle require innovation solutions for two critical functions, battery thermal and cabin heating. And the solution that we gave to the market is taking a lot of traction. You won't be surprised we have our own integrated electronics and software and we are leveraging the hinting technologies that we have from other BorgWarner product lines. So very happy about where we are both organic and in inorganic in the long term. 
Frédéric B. Lissalde: Yeah, I mean, one of the big things is that China we would expect to see headwinds as we look at the back half of the year from a year-over-year production perspective and that obviously has an impact on us and our overall outlook. 
Frédéric B. Lissalde: Yeah, second half is weaker on a year-over-year basis definitely. And China is a big driver of that. 
Frédéric B. Lissalde: Yes. And as I mentioned before, we out grew Europe and China double-digit driven by a lot of factors. But you're right, gas turbos, VCTs and GDI in Europe also drives. And so this is driven by also -- don't forget that in any hybrid architecture, you've got a good gasoline engine with Turbo and GDI and other elements. And don't forget that hybrid power trainer, especially in Europe, but also in China and the business that we booked with the dual inverter is a good example is ramping up very, very fast. And that is giving us on the e-side scale and lounge expertise that are translatable into the world of Bev. And on the combustion side, it just pulls our products that drive efficient combustion engine. So I think it's -- I think it's that particular reason. I don't have the color about how much is Turbo versus VCT or GDI or all-wheel drive, but I'm pretty sure Pat can follow-up offline with you. 
Frédéric B. Lissalde: Absolutely it does. Absolutely it does. It does in reducing the Co2 and emissions of combustion engines. It does because it is an enabler of hybrid power trains and as you've seen, this is helping car makers in Europe especially to meet the Co2 target. So absolutely it does help. 
Frédéric B. Lissalde: So last quarter, we announced the iDM award on Class A, so small. Small doesn't mean simple, but small. This quarter we're announcing a different type of iDM, bigger with about twice the output power than the one from Hyundai. And as I mentioned in the last call, we're building iDM modular portfolio, and this is a great example of launching two different power level although made in Asia. Combined with the iDMs that we are currently producing as an integrator, you see that we're starting seeing a path of integrating with other motors or even other inverters if the customer wishes to do that. A path for different power levels, different sizes of iDM, all BorgWarner made transmission, motor power electronic software and vertically integrated on the ASIC and so on. And a path with components. And as we mentioned in past calls, we're very happy to sell inverters to customers who want to make iDM in house. So you're seeing the strategy of developing and commercializing a portfolio of iDMs globally that is seeing daylight. 
Frédéric B. Lissalde: Yeah. With respect to the margin, we're not disclosing a margin outlook at this point in time, but I think you can probably do some math underlying our EPS and get a sense as to what the pretax assumptions are as it relates to the overall performance of that P&L relative to the 0.5 billion or so of revenue that we're expecting by the year 2024. But at this point, again, not going to disclose any margin profiles other than we think it's going to be a profitable business over time.  As far as far as technology -- technological edge at AKASOL, a few things Noah. First, they are currently producing the Gen 2, they are launching their Gen 3 later this year and being able to launch generation and improve efficiency and power density regularly is key. Now they are part of, soon they will be fully part of BorgWarner. And you can imagine that we will be working with them and linking them with the battery management system and software that we have currently in production coming from Delphi Technologies. We certainly are going to link them also to the high voltage coolant heaters. Those elements are heating the coolant for the batteries. And I expect that we're going to find innovation and products that are going to be generating value for our customers and for BorgWarner going forward. 
Frédéric B. Lissalde: What we're seeing is a better mix and recovery coming into Q3 and Q4 from the Q2 level and still very volatile, especially because of the semiconductor supply issues, that's what we are currently seeing Gavin. 
Frédéric B. Lissalde: Yeah, I mean, it's in progress. Just as you noted, the 1 billion or so we expected to execute over a 12 to 18 month timeframe from what we announced at Investor Day, which means as we get to the end of Q3 we expect to complete that full billion or so. And we're in progress right now. And as we talked about, we're really focused on disposing product lines or businesses that don't meet the long-term financial objectives of our portfolio. Which means they lack one of three things, they either lack product leadership, they lack medium to long term growth prospects, or they lack strong margin and cash flow generating ability. And so if our product line or a business doesn't tick off three of those boxes, if a candidate for disposition. So, at this point, we're actively moving forward in line with what we talked about at our Investor Day, and we think we're on track to deliver that billion or so of dispositions, I call it mid to late 2022 consistent with the timeframe that we laid out back at Investor Day. And then we continue to expect $3 billion to $4 billion by the end of 2025. 
Frédéric B. Lissalde: So, the answer to your first question is 800 volt a big trend and is it going down in vehicle size? The answer is yes. Why, because it increases the power density and decreases the charging time. Are we well equipped, absolutely. The answer is absolutely yes. We are going to be one of the first one launching very soon, 800 volt silicon carbide at high volume. This is a competitive advantage that we have to master high voltage silicon carbide and also master 800 volts made in house power module, which is the heart of the inverter. Synergies, absolutely I was talking at about high voltage coolant heaters. We will start in 2024 a 800 volt high voltage coolant heater and yet our synergies across the different product portfolio that we have running at 800 volts Brian. 
Frédéric B. Lissalde: Yes. I mean, a couple of things. When you look at the first half year-to-date, we're somewhere between 650 to 700 basis points of cumulative outgrowth for the first half. And so as we look at the second half of the year, we don't think we'll be operating at quite that pace. We think we're probably in the 400 to 550 basis points for that second half. The first half we've benefited from some mix. We've probably benefited from some production of vehicles that were ultimately in the production numbers of the OE. So there's probably some level of impact that's implied in our numbers in the second half, which is why you see a lower year-over-year and implicitly step down sequentially going from the first half to the second half. But overall feel good about our ability to deliver 500 to 600 basis points for the full year.  In terms of what that translates to for future years, not prepared to give any update on that. I mean, we feel good about the backlog we've disclosed previously looking out 2022 to 2024 and we'll probably give an update on that as we get into the beginning of next year. 
Frédéric B. Lissalde: Two things I would add. I mean first is that everything that Kevin has said is and the additional R&D that we do for EV is already in our margin profile, right? And two, we are currently spending 30% of R&D and EV when our revenue is 3% to 5% like -- or like the market is quite frankly. So that shows you how deliberate we are in accelerating the path forwards electrification. 
Frédéric B. Lissalde: So, yeah, we -- only six months after the close we booked iDM, which is very important, but it's not limited to those systems. We also booked a lot of inverters that we think could be booked only with that combination. We are also accelerating on battery management system, the software battery management system. So from a top line synergy perspective, we're absolutely on track with what we expected coming into the Delphi acquisition. 
Frédéric B. Lissalde: So, we are not seeing that trend at least in the products that we focus on. But what that thing -- with that semiconductor issue has told us is that it is extremely important to partner, upstream and downstream. Upstream with our customers and downstream with our semiconductor suppliers. The second thing that it has taught us I think is that scale matters and is easier to get going when you have scaled enough. And I think those two lessons, we're going to keep very close to our mind when we move forward in the next year. 
Kevin Nowlan: Yeah. I'll take that, a couple of things worth noting around the R&D guide, first thing is that when you look at our Q2 results, I mean, when you get a chance to go through our 10Q, you'll see that our net R&D sequentially was down in the second quarter versus the first quarter. But it's because we actually had higher customer recoveries from engineering perspective than we had anticipated and then we had in Q1 by about $20 million. If you look at our gross R&D going from Q1 to Q2, it was actually up sequentially, but the net was down. And so what that means is that that's actually had an impact. We've actually brought down our implied full year R&D from what was about $740 million implicitly at the beginning of the year to about $725 million as our current guide. And so that's really being driven by the higher than anticipated customer recoveries that we generated in the second quarter.  As you look at it as a percent, the reason we gave a dollar guide as opposed to a percentage guide is the percentage is coming down. And the reason the percentage in 2021 is coming down is because revenue is going up. So it's not because we're cutting our R&D spend, we had better recoveries, but our R&D spend is actually still $725 million. But with revenue coming -- going up, the R&D as a percent of sales is actually now 4.6% to 4.8% which just looks like a lower percentage, but it's implying lower spend, but it really isn't the case. So, as we look to the full year, that's what the 725 represents about a $15 million reduction but really driven by the recoveries. And then as we think ahead to next year and beyond, we continue to expect that we're going to be driving R&D spend in that 5% plus range on a go forward basis. 
Kevin Nowlan: Our rich comprehensive vehicle is going to range from about $1000 for the small versions and times 3 or 4 for much higher sizes. I'm not going to comment on volumes, I am not allowed to comment on volumes. Only I think that gives you some color on the content vehicle. And then on the margin side of the equation, because we've talked about before, any new product programs, whether they're combustion based product or an EV product like an iDM, we look at on our return on invested capital basis. And given that we are predominantly from a manufacturing perspective in the assembly business, what that means is the capital intensity of our programs including the iDM tend to be similar to our other product lines. And so as we drive to deliver consistent ROIC across our product portfolio and we have relatively consistent capital intensity, it means the margin profile on any discrete program looks substantially similar to the margin programs of other business that we approved throughout company, whether it's EV or not. 
Kevin Nowlan: Well, that's the life of a program. So when you look at our EV programs, generally speaking, they tend to have much more R&D intensity, which tends to be upfront. So as we're growing in EVs, what happens is we have a lot more R&D hitting the P&L upfront. And then you generate the contribution margins over time and the blend of all that hits our ROIC targets over the life of the program. But what that means as you're in ramp up mode across EV, your R&D is much higher proportionately relative to the conversion you're generating on the incremental revenue because the revenue is still coming in the future. So the EV portfolio in total has a more depressed margin while you're in gross mode, but that's not because of the underlying fundamentals of the business. It's because we're growing and investing in R&D to support the contribution margins that we will generate over the coming years as we start to generate the revenue. 
