Kenneth Lamb: Thanks, Melissa. Good morning, and thank you, all, for joining us. We issued our earnings release this morning at around 8 a.m. Eastern Time. It's posted on our website, borgwarner.com, on our Investor Relations home page. A replay of today's conference call will be available through May 8, also on our website. The dial-in number for that replay is (800) 585-8367. You'll need the conference ID, which is 17762917. With regard to our Investor Relations calendar, we will be attending the following conferences between now and our next earnings release: May 1, we will be at the Wells Fargo Industrials Conference in New York; May 19, we will be at the Barclays America Select Conference in London; May 27, we'll be at the KeyBanc Automotive Industrial and Transportation Conference in Boston; and June 3, we'll be at the Deutsche Bank Industrials Conference in Chicago. Before we begin, I need to inform you that during this call, we may make forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties as detailed in our 10-K. Our actual results may differ significantly from the matters discussed today. Now moving on to our results. James Verrier, President and CEO, will review highlights of our quarterly operating results as well as some of our recent noteworthy accomplishments. And then Ron Hundzinski, our CFO, will discuss the details of our quarterly results. With that, I'll turn it over to James.
Kenneth Lamb: Yes. I'll add just this one thing. James alluded to the North American program also gaining steam over the rest of the year. Also the issues in Asia, the pushouts, we're expected to recover those in the back half of the year as well. So all of that together pretty much implies that this is a timing issue more than anything is kind of really the message.
Kenneth Lamb: Well, James had talked about some Drivetrain-specific issues and that none of them were really BorgWarner-specific, just a change in timing with our customers on the ramp-up of these programs. So a little bit slower in the first quarter, but picking up as the year goes forward.
Kenneth Lamb: I think you said it well there at the end, Pat. The content opportunity doesn't really change for us as you go from the previous version to the current. It's really just the ramp-up and the volumes that are significantly different this year than compared to what they were last year. Last year was very strong in the first half, weaker in the second half, and it should be just the opposite this year.
Kenneth Lamb: I think, you said that pretty well. Our expectations for the full year haven't changed. So all that has played out so far is kind of what we expected. We expected this large North American program to be slow in the first half and pick up in the second half in a pretty meaningful way. I would say, the only thing that was really a bit of a timing issue that was probably not big then was the first quarter was a little bit -- we're just a little bit off pace from where we thought we would be at this time of the year. But we fully expect that to come back into quarters, 2, 3 and 4.
Kenneth Lamb: I want to add one thing to that Brian. While James is making those comments, we also continue to see, as he said earlier, increased technology in the powertrain. We don't see the engine becoming a clotty [ph] in any way. We still see there's an awful lot of opportunity for improvement in the performance of the engine. And we are going to be a valuable partner to our customers in that regard.
Kenneth Lamb: Well, specifically, the programs in Asia that James is talking about is the main delta from Q4 to Q1. So we talked about those additional launches that were happening in the first quarter that are ramping slower than we thought. That's kind of the main delta.
Kenneth Lamb: Well, you and I can work on that offline. But obviously, the full year organic growth number is still intact, so you can kind of back into it, we think the rest of the year should be.
Kenneth Lamb: Just about everything else is unchanged, little movement here and there. But that chart that we laid out for you in January is still intact, with the exception that foreign currency piece is now a much more dramatic impact.
Kenneth Lamb: We don't have a dollar amount for you, but -- and you should've gleaned from the comments, I think, that we think that we are probably a little bit behind where we thought we would be after the first quarter. But as we review the programs for the rest of the year, it seems that what we had lost in the first quarter's going to be recovered for the rest of the year.
Kenneth Lamb: That last point that you made is relevant, especially in the programs we were talking about in Asia. They absolutely can do that. And secondly, remember that this growth number that we're talking about has a baseline. And the baseline gets easier for us in the second half of the year. If you go back to 2014, the first half was a very strong year, especially in the areas that we've been discussing today, and it was much weaker in the second half. So for us to see outsized growth in the second half is easier because it's an easier comparison.
Kenneth Lamb: I think to sum it up, Richard, the Engine segment had a really good quarter. The Drivetrain segment is under a little bit more pressure, both on the revenue line and on the cost line, because we've got the restructuring inefficiencies, new plants and a lot of the revenue pressures that we talked about were more focused on Drivetrain than Engine. That's the good way to think about it.
Kenneth Lamb: I'd like to thank you, all, again, for joining us. We expect to file our 10-Q before the end of the day, which will provide details of our results. If you have any follow-up questions about our earnings release, the matters discussed during this call or our 10-Q, please direct them to me. Melissa, please close out the call.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: So let me disqualify, when I say efficiencies, there's 2 things in Drivetrain. There's a couple of startups and there's inefficiencies. So I want to make sure I distinguish between those 2. The inefficiencies are going to take us through this year, and that was the relocation of Western European plants to Eastern Europe. But what I'd also like to point out is that in the Drivetrain, we still have a DCT plant being launched in China that's going to take us through the rest of the year. So the answer to your question is the inefficiencies should get better, but the drag on the startup of the plant in China should continue throughout the year. So long and short of it is we're going to see this headwind for a little while yet.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: What I would say, Ravi, I'd have to do the calculation on the margin, but what I would say is that we lost $5 million. And I'd say we'd be nearly breakeven, maybe. So I don't want -- I'd have to do the math there, but we'd be, probably would've been breakeven on $15 million down in sales.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Yes. Excludes -- this is on a comparable basis, which would exclude foreign currency. But actually as you go forward, Wahler falls out, right? Because we had it in last year's numbers, so that won't be as much of an issue going forward.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Pat, I can tell you one thing, we are not dialing back. That's one point I want to make. The other point is maybe there's some seasonality because it's pretty comparable to the last year. But other thing that is also embedded in there, and I don't want to go into all the numbers, but there is some FX issues that -- a lot of our engineering is outside the U.S. So you're getting some FX noise in there. And in fact, I think if you right-size that, Ken, wasn't it actually was about 4 or 4%. I think about 20 basis points impact of FX on it. So it's sort of a distorted number, I don't want to go into those details, but we're not dialing back at all. Not at all.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Well, Brian, we have some of these headwinds as far as inefficiencies and restructuring. We have some plant startups. So I would say that at '16, we go into '16 and I would anticipate, I guess, a tailwind in incremental margins from where I sit today. I mean, it's still long ways off, but I think that's possible.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: So Rod, you're absolutely right. It's translational. And at a high level, it's roughly equal to our operating margin is the impact both ways on average. So that's correct. I'd like to respond on the transactional side. We do see transactional, but it's not material. Not to say we don't see it, we do. But net-net, it ends up being not that material for us.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Yes, John. So, let's talk about that vehicle that Rich was mentioning here. The content on it that we have is on an EcoBoost engine, we have turbos. Turbos fall under the Engine. We also have timing systems on that engine. So that's also under Engine. And then really, we have transfer cases if a four-wheel-drive option was selected, which impacts the Drivetrain. So yes, the volume reduction we see on that vehicle right now is impacting the Engine segment. But the Engine segment is a lot larger, so it's not as material as it is to the Drivetrain segment.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Yes, we would accelerate the buyback. I think I said that actually in my script, that we anticipate acceleration going into the year, John.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Yes, Itay. We're going to adjust that guidance probably about $50 million down, and that's all driven by FX as well. Nothing on that's driving other than that.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Okay. So, Ryan, let's go back in time. There was -- a couple of years ago, we used to see headwinds of about $30 million in commodity prices, I think in '14 that came down to probably under $15 million. And then in 2015, it's coming down again as far as that year-over-year headwind. So it's come down to where, at this point this year, it's a much smaller number than it was 3 years ago. So with that said, this year, it's much, much less. And the commodities we're buying, we see copper, we see nickel, we see resins and we see steel. But steel comes in a lot of different areas. Now what I will say is this, this is a very complex discussion, because what happens is each one has different contracts and different timing periods. And some of it's pass-through and some of it's not. So for example, in nickel, we probably have pass-throughs of maybe [Audio Gap] enable to pass prices up and down the change -- chain, that it's not that materially of a headwind or tailwind for us on average. So it's a very complex question you're asking, but we are in an environment that's more positive. I will say that.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Okay. In my opening remarks, I gave some numbers around the comparable incremental or decremental numbers in those 2 segments. I did say that in the Drivetrain decremental, it was roughly 40-some-percent decremental, which was down -- I said, you've got to look at that segment because it's small numbers. So yes, I would say that the Drivetrain, I guess, is what you're getting at, probably was -- performed not as well, I guess, I would say, because of about $2 million. But it's small numbers, Richard. So yes, I think what you're getting at is the performance in the Drivetrain wasn't as impressive on the Engine side.
James R. Verrier: Yes, I would say, Rich, from a -- first of all, from a quoting activity on DCT remains very strong and good, primarily up in China or in Europe. So we're not seeing any shift or slowdown in quoting activity and even win rates for BorgWarner. So that remains very healthy. The little bit of the launch delay, a little part of it is DCT, but the majority of it is related to other TorqTransfer and transmission products. But I just want to stretch something for the call, it's not a BorgWarner-related issue, just to put that out there, for the -- if that gives you a bit of help, Rich.
James R. Verrier: Ravi, let me take a shot at that. First of all, I appreciate your acknowledgment and recognition of that strong growth, and we feel good about it, too. And as we've outlined, we still feel good about that. The way I would articulate it is, Ravi, during the year, you'll always get little shifts, little mix shifts between whether it's cars and trucks in North America and other such things. But when you get all the puts and takes together, our sense is we're still comfortable with our full year projection of that 9.5% to 12% growth when you strip out currency. But no real significant shifts, Ravi, is what I would say to you in terms of -- in some of your specific points.
James R. Verrier: Ravi, what I would say and I think what you -- how I would articulate it is the fact that we're reaffirming our full year view from what we gave out in January, I think, it's an indication that our overall macro assumptions haven't changed materially. I mean, I think you can point to unique specifics in different parts of the world or different programs, customers and countries, but at a high level, nothing major has moved in the quarter. And that's why we're holding the revenue guidance where it is.
James R. Verrier: Brett, let me take a shot first and maybe Ken and I will add a little detail. What that implies is Q2, Q3 and Q4 are going to run stronger than Q1, which we're comfortable with. And a couple of those items that both Ron and I alluded to, specifically the North American customer, which we outlined, is a contributing factor to that. So, yes, we're going to run stronger in 2, 3 and 4 than we did in 1. And based on all what we know right now, we're very comfortable with that. Ken, you might want to...
James R. Verrier: Let me try and take a shot, Brian. I actually didn't read the details of his commentary. I saw the headline. My take and you kind of touched on this is, we somewhat control what we can from a BorgWarner perspective. And as you alluded to, we feel very positive about where we're running from an ROIC point of view and from a margin perspective. And I would just point out, I think that's -- what we feel about that is that, that's the financial discipline, I think, we like to operate with the company in terms of capital utilization. So I can only look at that perspective from our viewpoint, and I'm very happy with where we're at. Your broader question. The way I would look at it and the way we think about it is I think there is going to continue to be more and more technology applied to the powertrain over the next decade or more. And I see that the BorgWarner's of the world having opportunity to bring additional system capability and content capability. And whether that be around additional content through electrification or even a broader system package, if that makes sense to you, I do see -- I see those as opportunistic -- opportune growth plans for BorgWarner. Yes.
James R. Verrier: I mean, honestly, I don't know, Brian. But I will tell you, today, you see opportunities where there are shared engine capacity or engine platforms across OEMs. We participated in that, and it's been successful. Do I see more of that looking forward? I don't really know at this stage, Brian. But I've seen that model work, whether it's been shared capacity on engine development and a modular engine program across 2 OEMs, and it's been successful. And we've participated in that.
James R. Verrier: Rod, specifically, for the first quarter, as we talked about, the significant piece obviously, as you outlined, is the large American platform we talked about. But we also -- the other aspect was a little bit of the launch issue -- issues in Asia that were also playing into that a little bit and a little bit of mix in the quarter, which is basically car truck mix in North America as well. So those were the kind of the components that impacted it. As we look forward, Rod, what's holding our guidance, as you know, from a revenue point of view, so that implies that we're going to be stepping up to more normalized growth levels in Q2, 3 and 4. And we're comfortable with that for sure.
James R. Verrier: I think, Rod, you kind of hit most of the highlights. We're going through a lot of restructuring efforts in Drivetrain, and that is going to settle down. The other one that's not explicitly been mentioned in the call that I think helps with the transition with Wahler, we talked about that, the entry point there was that low single-digit margin. And we expect to be moving that up. So there's certainly more, as Ron alluded to earlier, certainly more tailwinds than headwinds as we look forward to the setup in '16. But obviously, we're also heavily focused on '15 and very pleased with where we're heading in '15 as well. But generally, more tailwinds. And I think as the year rolls out, Rod, we'll probably give more color on what we can -- how that translates into incremental margins for '16. But I think it's setting up well.
James R. Verrier: Actually, John, no -- from that perspective, no impact for us. We continue to see very strong growth in China, both domestically-produced and then imported-from-Europe product. That's all very, actually, helpful for us. And so no, no negative impact at all on the luxury stuff for us. It's been good, good and as kind of expected, John, is the way I would say.
James R. Verrier: Itay, this is James. Just on the M&A environment, no real change from what we talked about in Detroit in January. We remain -- we've got a lot of work going on, got a lot of targets that were engaged with. And a lot of opportunities. Obviously, we're not announcing anything right now, but we continue to remain optimistic about M&A activity. And we're aggressively focused on it for sure.
James R. Verrier: Yes. We see -- we do see adoption of, we'll call it, generically electric turbos or electrically-assisted turbochargers. We do see that trend emerging. Not surprisingly, BorgWarner is engaged with most of the OEMs, if not all, that are working on that. And we expect that to be a key program for BorgWarner going forward. We do have production orders for BorgWarner on electrically-assisted turbochargers. We're not in a position to announce those details at this stage, but we do have orders in the back, so to speak. And we see a steady growth of it, and we feel very good about it. And just to give you the primary reason why, generally, all forms of electrically-assisted turbocharger require turbocharger know-how, power electronics know-how and motor know-how, and BorgWarner brings all 3 together in a very nice integrated system approach.
James R. Verrier: Richard, I would summarize it this way. Our growth rate for BorgWarner in China remains on path to be, rough numbers, about a 30% CAGR over the next 5 years. And it remains very strong. I would say to you, the adoption of the BorgWarner technologies for fuel economy and emissions come in China. We've seen no pushout slowdown at all in China at the adoption rates. And all of our technologies in the product portfolio for BorgWarner are getting adopted. And if you think how that translates into new facilities that we've been building, whether it be Drivetrain-related or Engine-related, it really is very, very strong adoption. And that applies to both the domestic customers, Richard, as well as the global joint venture partners. So no slowdown and very rapid adoption rates of all of our technology over in China.
Patrick Archambault: Just on the F-150 question. Can you -- I get the production cadence and that's come up a number of times this earnings seasons. But is it -- how do we think about the content opportunity there? Is there much different on the powertrain side? I think there was only maybe one new configuration, but I could be wrong about that. So just wanted to see if there was anything different or it's just really the volume piece that's the big teller [ph] .
Patrick Archambault: Okay. And then one question. I think the R&D number that you gave out, I had it written down, but it was like 3 -- sort of mid-3% range.
Patrick Archambault: Okay. That's helpful. And then just, I guess, building up on the Drivetrain question. The rebound that you have there. I guess, just wanted to dig into that a little bit more, like how -- because you didn't change your guidance for that, right? So it is fully assumed that it's coming back. How good is the visibility on those products? I mean, I take it that you kind of see the order book and the backlog, but just wanted to hear more on that.
