Ken Lamb: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning and thank you all for joining us. We issued our earnings release this morning at around 8:00 AM Eastern Time. It’s posted on our website, borgwarner.com, on our Investor Relations home page. A replay of today’s conference call will be available through August 7. The dial-in number for that replay is 800-585-8367. You’ll need the conference ID, which is 42071781 or you can listen to the replay on our website. With regard to our Investor Relations calendar, we will be attending the following conferences between now and our next earnings release. The JPMorgan Automotive Conference on August 11 in New York, the Credit Suisse Boston Transportation Conference on August 12, the CLSA Auto Conference on September 9 in New York, the RBC Capital Global Industrials Conference on September 10 in Las Vegas and the Morgan Stanley Global Autos and Industrials Conference on September 17 in Laguna Beach, California. One additional announcement. Going forward, our net new business announcement will be combined with our full-year guidance announcement. And this new combined release will be made in January. Synchronizing the timing of these announcements ensures that our one-year and three-year outlooks will be based on the same program volume, currency and [ph] large timing assumptions, improving the link between them. Now, back to today’s earnings release. Before we begin, I need to inform you that during this call, we may make forward-looking statements which involve risks and uncertainties as detailed on our 10-K. Our actual results may differ significantly from the matters discussed today. Now, moving on to our results, James Verrier, President and CEO, will review highlights of our quarterly operating results, as well as some of our recent noteworthy accomplishments. And then Ron Hundzinski, our CFO, will discuss the details of our quarterly results. With that, I’d like to turn it over to James.
Ken Lamb: Thanks, Ron. Now, let’s move to the Q&A portion of the call. Melissa, please, remind everyone of the Q&A procedure.
Ken Lamb: I’d like to thank all of you for joining us. We expect to file our 10-Q before the end of the day, which will provide details of our results. If you have any follow-up questions about our earnings release, the matters discussed during this call or our 10-Q, please direct them to me. Melissa, please close out the call.
Ron Hundzinski: Yeah. It’s a good question, Rich. So, the way we’re thinking about it is not a lot of change compared to current levels. We don’t have specific market assumptions. The way that we do this is we have our program-level volumes that kind of roll up to our guidance. As we said at the first quarter call, we were a little bit in revenue compared to what our expectations were. And that happened again in the second quarter for actually different reasons, but that kind of same level is what we’re expecting to see for the rest of the year. And so, I think we feel pretty comfortable with the guide and where it is right now. We feel that the risks and opportunities to forecast for the guidance is pretty balanced.
Ron Hundzinski: Just to put some numbers to that, the free cash flow guidance previously was $300 million to $350 million, and now we’ve changed it to $250 million to $300 million.
Ron Hundzinski: All right. Pat, so, a couple of things. One is we talked about this quite a bit coming into this cycle. And we said that the cost would be lumpy and it would be, quite frankly, hard to predict if it was going to be $5 million to $7 million or in this quarter, $9 million or if it’s going to be $4 million, and that’s what we’re seeing. This one - this quarter was a little bit higher than we anticipated. Going forward, we know one thing is going into 2016 is going to be significantly reduced. So that part we do know. And now, we still have two more quarters this year. I would say that we go back in this $5 million, $7 million range. I think this quarter might be on the high side of it. That’s what we’re hoping to achieve rest of the year. And just to add a little bit to that so the - we have a couple of things going on. The restructuring in Europe, you can expect to see those costs pretty much eliminated as we go in to 2016. There will be a little bit of cost going into 2016, but almost negligible. Now, on the new plant launch, we’ll start making product there next year, but that’s going to be in a ramp mode, so it’s going to be a while until that plant breaks even...
Ron Hundzinski: ...making money. So, we’re going to have a little bit of a ramp on the new plant, but the restructuring, we should see the benefit eliminated.
Ron Hundzinski: So, let me try and explain this, David. So typically, when mix moves around the way that it has this year, that being passenger cars are down and light trucks are up. It’s usually a relatively neutral event for us. Unless our largest truck customer is in a slow ramp-up in their major truck platform which happens to be our largest one globally, So, what we’ve seen is whether we normally get that offset on a truck side, when car sales are down, we’re not seeing it as much. Our exposure on passenger cars are to the guys that are seeing some lower volumes this year and our exposure in the truck side is not to the guys that are benefiting from that. If that helps.
Ron Hundzinski: Sure. So we talked about that, obviously. It’s an important data point for us and you as well. We at this point think that it’s a bit early to give any indication of how this is going to play out on the backlog. What we can say is if it’s in China, mix and volume kind of stay where they are. It will likely have an unfavorable impact on the backlog. But having said that, that’s a very dynamic market and we’re not at all in a position to say that that’s what we think is going to happen at this point. So give us a little bit of time. We’re going to spend a lot of time looking at this before we come out with our actual guidance for this in January.
Ron Hundzinski: Okay. So, let’s start back at the beginning of the year because that’s really what we’re comparing to because our guidance didn’t really change after the first quarter.
Ron Hundzinski: So, what really happened is we expected the program that you’ve mentioned to be in this deliberately slow launch ramp. What we did not expect was the weakness on the passenger car side. That weakness has persisted to the first half of the year. That was unexpected. And as far as the North America piece of what has changed, that’s the major difference from where we were as we talked about this in January.
Ron Hundzinski: All by the volume decline. The sales decline on the guidance update is what’s driving the updated EPS guidance.
Ron Hundzinski: Well, one thing I like to point out, Brett, is that I think the midpoint the sales are actually down in the second half over the first half of the year on a reported basis. Slightly it is, but they are down. So you’re going to have obviously a reduction in margins and everything remained the same. I would say this, we changed our guidance from above 13 to approximately 13. We were talking within 10, 20 basis points of movement here, okay. So, I don’t think it’s significant. I wouldn’t say there’s anything into that we’re concerned about or anything like that. Is it possible our margins could still expand, yes, but I don’t think it’s anything significant or be concerned about in your analysis that you’re doing right there.
Ron Hundzinski: Pat, I can’t tell you at a very high level and then, obviously, we’ll walk you through that later on. You were right, the first half organic was roughly 4%. It does accelerate in the second half year approaches, I think, between 7% to 8% organic growth. This is on a year-over-year comparable basis. So, at a high level, those are the numbers.
Ron Hundzinski: So, we’ll talk about it generally, Pat. Generally, we do see some pickup in the backlog in the second half versus the first half. And obviously, that North American program picking up steam is helpful in that regard. And secondly, the comps are [ph] easier in the second half. This is a big variable when you’re thinking about this. So, those are kind of the two main pieces.
Ron Hundzinski: All by the volume decline. The sales decline on the guidance update is what’s driving the updated EPS guidance.
Ron Hundzinski: There’s a little bit of mix there. Well - actually, I’m sorry. That particular vehicle, the turbochargers are ours.
James Verrier: Yeah, Rich. This is James. I would say no meaningful difference from the North American view to where we were in the last call. So, what we see from IHS and what we hear from the respective OEMs that you were talking about, that’s kind of our view, too, if that makes sense. So, we’re pretty much consistently in line with pretty much the customers on IHS for North America, which is not a big difference from a quarter ago.
James Verrier: Yeah. Let me talk about that, Rich. Obviously, that’s pretty meaningful for us. We saw - as we went into the second quarter, the light vehicle production rates in China, as we all saw, slowed pretty meaningfully. That’s, as Ken said, is continuing on through the year, so we do see that. From a BorgWarner-specific point of view, Rich, we’re weighted to the JV Western guys versus the domestics as we sit right now. And it’s fair to say we’re weighted, even within that piece, quite heavily to the large German guy that’s over there. So that, as you can see from some of their commentary, kind of works a little bit against us. And in the short run, we’re probably a little skewed to cars versus SUV trucks. So from a BorgWarner point of view, yeah, mix is a little bit of a headwind for us. Obviously, looking to the future, that’s fine. We’re still in a good growth environment for China. I think that’s important from a BorgWarner viewpoint. But that growth rate versus where it was at the start of the year is down. That’s the fundamental point, Rich.
James Verrier: Yeah. Brian, this is James. I would say good is the quick answer. We’re very happy, as you know from a Drivetrain perspective, we got two fundamental areas of product in the transmission side and then the all-wheel drive side of our business. And we’ve been very encouraged with the quote win-rate activity and we’re feeling good about that, actually. So, yeah, I don’t want to give any specific numbers. As Ken said, we’ll provide more color at the appropriate time. But good, good is the way to think of it. We’re happy with where we are on Drivetrain.
James Verrier: Yeah. Our view, Brian, is no is the real quick answer. We’re not having those discussions. We’re not seeing those discussions. When we - both on the engine and the Drivetrain side, the adoption rate of our technology, we feel very good about. We’re not seeing any slowdown or adjustments. What you do see in the short run, you’ll see noise in launch delays that we experienced a little bit in the first quarter in Asia. And you can see a little bit of a slow in terms of volume take rates, maybe on a China program. But in terms of meaningful movement in technology or Powertrain architecture or adoption of our product, no, we’re not seeing any issues. They have very high demand for the product.
James Verrier: No. John, if you’ve taken a look at it, I think it’s in line with the change in earnings. Cash flow changes roughly at the same amount. Yeah.
James Verrier: Yeah. I’ll talk about it for a moment, John. A couple of points, I would say, as Ken went around the globe, we see predominant relatively good stability in Europe and good volumes in North America. Probably the one area in the world obviously that got everybody a little nervous is China, and we get that. We’re still in growth mode there. So, for us, our flexibility primarily, John, is around slowing the growth a little bit. So, that’s a better problem than you can imagine. But we have good amounts of temporary employees in all three major regions of the world. We’re still in good shape. And, actually, if we need to flex on the labor side, and we can obviously flex on the spending side. So, we feel good. And as we’ve talked about in prior calls, all of the business units and the operating units have got good plans there to adjust if things were to move up or down. So, pretty good shape is the way I would describe it, John.
James Verrier: Yeah. I would say - the summary, I would say, John, is overwhelmingly positive is kind of what I would share with you. And we’ve talked to a number of our customers, and the general sense we’ve got is a lot of excitement about the technology and particularly the combination of BorgWarner technology with Remy technology. So, very positive. And I would say that across the landscape, that’s regionally. We got that feedback and it’s across both the commercial vehicle and the light vehicle segments. So, overwhelmingly positive and a lot of good opportunities for us.
James Verrier: Yeah. Ravi, this is James. No is the quick answer to be candid. We’re not seeing any shifts in those types of specific product mix, particularly in North America. And the desire and the take rate and the opportunity for turbo in North America remains very strong. So, no, we’re not seeing any shifts there.
James Verrier: Yeah. I would articulate it this way, Brett. I think that - first of all, I think to put things in perspective, what we’re talking about again is we’re still growing and growing well in China for BorgWarner. So, that’s an important reference perspective. But, obviously, as you say, the growth from where we started out the year in terms of our expectation has slowed. Q2 had moved very quickly as I alluded to earlier. And we feel comfortable with what our assumptions are right now in the guidance, which is pretty much continuing on at the level of the pace of run rates, so to speak, that we’re at. It’s a little less granularity of data in China when you compare it to, say, North America, so there is. Is there potential upside? Maybe. Is there potential downside? Yeah. My personal view is probably if there was a bias, it’s probably slightly weighted to the down versus the up based on what we see. Some of that also, Brett, maybe specifically to BorgWarner. We talked earlier before. We have large concentrations with the two leading joint ventured Western guys out there. So, that’s meaningful. We talked a lot about in the press release about Great Wall being a major customer for BorgWarner. And we see some issues there. So, we’re comfortable with where we’re at. We’re still happy with the growth rate that we’ve got, but it’s a little lower than when we started the year. And as we look beyond 2015, which I think is important, we’re very positive on China. And we see the strong growth in China, and we see very strong adoption rates to the technology in China.
James Verrier: No. We’re not going to be able to go through that real quick. We’re going to have to do that when offline, Pat. We can give you that, though, Pat, but it’s a complete walk as you know, right? That would take us some time to go through that complete walk.
James Verrier: Well, first of all, we’re not disputing what anybody else says about their expectations for the market in China. The reason that we don’t provide that information is because, as you see in our business, the mix issue is significant and those particular figures are not as important to us as what our particular programs are doing in that market. So, that may be true what they said, but by and large, what we’re looking at are the customers and the programs that James alluded to earlier because that’s what’s really driving our expectations for the second half. And just for clarity, when we talked about kind of flattish expectations for our business in China in the second half versus the first, that was BorgWarner-specific. That wasn’t a volume number that we were giving for the market overall. That was for us.
James Verrier: It’s a general description of how we feel about our business in China in the second half versus the first half.
James Verrier: We would - I would just say we are weighted - we’re certainly weighted right now to the joint venture in Western guys, Pat. And the biggest piece of that joint venture Western piece is that large German customer you referenced.
James Verrier: So when we had provided our backlog announcement this past November, we [overlapping conversation] American piece of what has changed, that’s the major difference from where we were as we talked about this in January.
James Verrier: Yeah. Ravi, this is James. No is the quick answer to be candid. But we’re not seeing any shifts in those types of specific product mix, particularly in North America. And the desire and the take rate and the opportunity for turbo in North America remains very strong. So, now, we’re not seeing any shifts there.
James Verrier: Yeah. I would actually equate it this way, Brett. I think that - first of all, I think to put things in perspective, what we’re talking about again is we’re still growing and growing well in China for BorgWarner. So this is an important reference perspective. But obviously, as you say, the growth from where we started out the year in terms of our expectation, that’s slowed. Q2, it moved very quickly as I alluded to earlier. We feel comfortable with what our assumptions are right now in the guidance, which is pretty much continuing on at the level of the pace or run rate, so to speak, that we’re at. It’s a little less granularity of data in China when you compare it to, say, North America. So there is - is there potential upside? Maybe. Is there potential downside? Yeah. My personal view is probably if there was a bias, it’s probably slightly weighted to the down versus the up based on what we see. Some of that also, Brett, might be specifically to BorgWarner. We talked earlier before we have large concentrations with the two leading joint venture western guys out there, so that’s meaningful. We talked a lot about in the press release about Great Wall being a major customer for BorgWarner and we see some issues there. So we’re comfortable with where we’re at. We’re still happy with the growth rate that we’ve got, but it’s a little lower than when we started the year. And as we look beyond 2015, which I think is important, we’re very positive on China. And we see strong growth in China and we see very strong adoption rates for the technology in China.
James Verrier: Well, one thing I’d like to point out, Brett, is that I think the midpoint to sales are actually down in the second half or the first half of the year on a reported basis, slightly it is...
James Verrier: ...but they are down. So, you’re going to have obviously a reduction in margins and everything remain the same. I would say this, we changed our guidance from above 13% to approximately 13%. We’re talking within 10, 20 basis points of movement here, okay. So, I don’t think it’s significant. I wouldn’t say there’s anything in it that we’re concerned about or anything like. Is it possible our margins could still expand? Yes. But I don’t think it’s anything significant or be concerned about in your analysis that you’re doing right there.
James Verrier: No, we’re not going to be able to go through that real quick. [indiscernible], Pat. We can give you that though, Pat, but it’s a complete walk, as you know, right? It would take us some time to go through that complete walk.
James Verrier: Pat, what I can tell you at a very high level and then obviously we’ll walk you through it later on. You’re right. The first half organic was roughly 4%. It does accelerate in the second half year approach as I think between 7% to 8% organic growth. It’s on a year-over-year comparable basis. So, the high level of those are the numbers.
James Verrier: So, we’ll talk about it generally, Pat. Generally, we do see some pick-up in the backlog in the second half versus the first half and obviously, that North American program picking up steam is helpful in that regard. And secondly, the [indiscernible] in the second half which is [overlapping conversation] suppliers there.
Patrick Archambault: Okay. But I think you were 4%, right, this quarter and you were something similar, right, I think in the first quarter...
Patrick Archambault: And then just to follow up like the main levers that you guys see to get to that acceleration. I’m sure a lot of those are just timing of launches and things like that. But I wanted to specifically kind of hear that from you and kind of get a sense of what those are.
Patrick Archambault: Okay. And then China was brought up a lot here, and I understand that you guys do everything sort of rolled up from an individual program perspective. So, it’s not just as easy as saying the market’s going to do X or Y. But Delphi actually put out pretty helpful dimensions. They were saying up, and I’m probably getting this wrong, but I think they thought production as they saw what’s going to be up 3% in the third quarter, just based on the schedule [indiscernible] for the market and then up 6% for the fourth is what I think what they had as a best guess and at a high level, just given you have a lot in China as well. Wanted to see if you were seeing something [indiscernible].
Patrick Archambault: Okay. But I think you were 4%, right, this quarter and you were something similar, right, I think in the first quarter...
Patrick Archambault: ...assuming that’s correct, right? So, call it like mid-single digits in the first half even if we don’t have the exact numbers. So, it does imply kind of an organic growth acceleration in the second half. And [indiscernible] and so that was really the crux of the question is I’m sure there’s a lot of stuff you could point to like the F-150 launch and everything like that, but I just wanted to go through the line items that are relevant there in driving that pick-up in the growth rate in the second half.
Patrick Archambault: And then just a follow-up like the main levers that you guys see to get to that acceleration. I’m sure a lot of those are just timing of launches and things like that, but I wanted to specifically kind of hear that from you and kind of get a sense of what those are.
Patrick Archambault: Okay. Terrific. Can you give a dollar content for the whole program or not? Maybe a rough range of what it looks like.
