Ken Lamb: We issued our earnings release this morning at approximately 8 am Eastern Time. It is posted on our website www.BorgWarner.com on our homepage. A replay of today’s conference call will be available through February 21st. The dial in number for the replay is 800-642-1687. You’ll need the conference ID which is 44472821. The replay will also be available on our website. With regard to our investor relations’ calendar we will be attending several conferences over the next few months. February 22nd we will be at the Barclays’ Industrial Select Conference in Miami. March 14th we will be at the UBS Auto & Auto Suppliers Conference in Boston. March 19th we’ll be at the Sidoti Conference in New York and on April 4th we’ll be at the BofA New York Auto Summit in New York. Before we begin, I need to inform you that during this call we may make forward-looking statements which involve risks and uncertainties as detailed in our 10K. Our actual results may differ significantly from matters discussed here today.  Now, moving on to our results Tim Manganello, Chairman and CEO will comment on the fourth quarter, the full year and current industry trends. Then, Robin Adams our CFO, will discuss the details of our operating results and also our outlook for 2012. With that, I’ll turn it over to Tim.
Ken Lamb: We will now turn to the Q&A portion of the call. I would like the operator to please announce the Q&A procedure.
Ken Lamb: I’d like to thank you all for joining us. We expect to file our 10K before the end of the day which will provide plenty of details on our 2011 results. If you have any follow up questions about our earnings release, the matters discussed during the call, or our 10K once it’s filed, please direct them to me. Operator, please close out the call.
Robin J. Adams: 12% was a record margin and remember incentive comp would have been a negative relative to performance so there really was no benefit for incentive comp in the fourth quarter. We expected a penalty in the fourth quarter, we didn’t get the penalty so the run rate in the quarter was pretty much a normal run rate. We do given that the stock price again is higher running in the first quarter here, we’ll get a little negative implication in the first quarter of 2012 related to equity incentive comp but I don’t think anyone is going to be complaining about that, particularly our shareholders.  As we look at the 2012, the sequential for this business typically is from a margin perspective first quarter is a solid quarter from a margin perspective, the second improves a little bit, the third quarter is weak due to the seasonality and the fourth quarter is typically our strongest quarter from a margin perspective. I would expect the same type of cadence in 2012 that we’ve seen in 2011.
Robin J. Adams: We’re looking somewhere about $25 to $30 million for 2012. But frankly, whether it’s $20 to $25, $25 to $30, $30 to $35 we’ll manage through it. I wouldn’t have any expectation of any negative impact in our earnings guidance related to material.
Robin J. Adams: Well as always we’re looking for advanced power train technology. We’ve got a lot of things in mind, unfortunately we can’t get the sellers to sell them just like a lot of the transactions so we’re just going to have to continue to be patient. Our VP of M&A is going to have to continue to go out nice dinners, and drink fine wine, and eat food trying to woe these potential sellers. But that’s our focus. I tell them to spend a little bit more money on the wine this time around and maybe we’ll get one of these guys to sell their company to us. There’s some attractive things out there, we’ve just got to bring them in.
Robin J. Adams: We also had negative impact in currency, you’re right. If you looked at quarter-over-quarter, first of all third quarter was a pretty strong quarter for the engine group, a little bit stronger than normal because our customers ran a little bit more in the third quarter than they normally do. But we were impacted by currency fourth quarter to the third quarter of about $45 million on the engine business. So on a comparable basis fourth quarter to the third quarter, engine was actually up about three percentage points.  Again, our reference point is versus the prior year and the engine group was more than 11 percentage points sales growth relative to the industry. So from that perspective we had a hell of a fourth quarter in the engine group and again, currency did impact the comparison fourth quarter to third quarter. If you took our currency, we’re actually up almost 3% in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. Again, third quarter was a pretty strong quarter for them.
Robin J. Adams: It’s very impressive. First of all I’ll tell you they worked their butts off. We had very strong performance out of all our business units. In fact, as we’ve said before we’ve got a couple of business units in the engine side, we had disposal in the quarter and they’re working real hard frankly on some of their overhead costs in the SG&A area. So that helped a bit in the fourth quarter.  We do not expect that $0.31 on the dollar incremental margin improvement in 2012. As I said earlier, we’re looking at about our traditionally $0.20 on the dollar out of both engine and drive train which is more typical. They did have a very good fourth quarter. There was a little improvement on some of our European guys in the fourth quarter.
Robin J. Adams: As I said earlier, we’re looking for a sizeable increase in R&D spending again 2012 versus 2011 which will get us higher spending on the SG&A line. We’re looking at about a 20% increase. But, if you look overall to the business we’re still expecting SG&A closer to 9% than its historical 10% level. 
Robin J. Adams: Do they cap out? Relative to 2011 we still see a little bit of upside on operating income margins in the engine group. As we’ve said before, our margins will cap out when our sales growth slows. 
Robin J. Adams: Actually, we’ll probably be a little bit stronger. I think, as we’ve said before, we’re looking at a market in Europe that’s going to be down about 4% to 5%. We’re looking at our sales in Europe on a reported basis up about 10% and there’s a little bit of negative currency impact there as well. We’re going to be pretty strong relative to the market in Europe in 2012. 
Robin J. Adams: That’s a great question. We continually discuss that issue. I think there’s a couple of things here, first of all as you point out, our focus is growth and we really like to reinvest our cash in the business. The way we make acquisitions, you never know when they’re going to come so we do have to have a very strong capital structure and be able to have the cash on hand to be able to make a transaction when something becomes available. So we’re holding a little bit more cash because of that. Second, we found out in the last recession, 2008/2009 that having a revolving credit facility available to use as cash for an acquisition maybe is not the way to go in these days because we saw a lot of banks just walk away from lending during that time period. So we’re less comfortable relying on a revolving credit facility, a little more comfortable relying on some cash. So you’ll see us carrying a little more cash on our balance sheet than we would have prior to 2008/2009 when we were paying a dividend. The second thing is the tax laws of the United States are really a disadvantage for an international company like BorgWarner and there’s a lot of talk about changing the tax laws. I think both from a corporate perspective and also from a personal income perspective the last thing we want to do is payout dividends and see them taxed at an ordinary income rate to our shareholders. We think there’s a more tax effective way to return capital to our shareholders. So at this point in time the dividend is just going to sit a while until we get some clarity on US taxes. It’s going to sit a while while we continue to look for strategic acquisitions. Again, our first focus is acquisitions. We have had a history of purchasing shares in the market, we continue to do so. If you look, we purchased some stock in the fourth quarter of 2011. We’ll continue to be in the market repurchasing stock.  Right now a dividend is kind of lower on our list of priorities for returning cash to shareholders but we’re watching hopefully some tax law changes here in the next year or so that will provide some clarity on what is the best way to return capital to shareholders.
Robin J. Adams: The amortization cost is basically fixed so what you’re really looking at when you look at incremental margins year-over-year you’re looking at the core operations both for the traditional drive train business plus the acquired traction systems business. So on an incremental basis year-over-year we expect to see operating performance and the purchase accounting numbers are flat year-over-year, should have no incremental impact.
Timothy M. Manganello: In the fourth quarter towards the tail end of the fourth quarter we saw a little bit of softness on some schedules in the southern European guys, the guys at PSA, Renault, Fiat and that impacted us a little bit on a couple of our business units including turbochargers. That softness is starting to come back now in January, we’re starting to see a rebound in the schedules in January so that contributed a little bit to the softness you saw towards the end of the fourth quarter.
Timothy M. Manganello: Our margins are somewhat dependent on our technology. The better we can [inaudible] technology and separate ourselves from our competition the better we can maintain or improve our margins. As far as I’m concerned margins are tied to two things, how well we develop new technology that our customers really want and how disciplined we are in running our business. I think we’re pretty damn good in both.
Timothy M. Manganello: Even before Bosch and Conti got into the picture we saw four players because we had two Japanese competitors along with ourselves and Honeywell. Conti has got a little bit of business at Ford. I think they’re getting ready to launch it right now. I don’t know if they won anything more since then. Bosch [AMLA] joint venture has got a little bit of business at Volkswagen. I don’t know where they are in their launch cycle.  Actually, we see everybody bidding on all the projects. We bid based on our technology and what price levels we’re willing to live with and we’re winning a significant amount of turbocharger business and we’re doing it without sacrificing pricing or margins. I think, like I’ve said many times, we are focused on the higher tech part of the turbocharger business, the technology that delivers the best fuel economy at the same time giving the best durability.  Competing against Honeywell all these years is tough enough and it’s really not that different just adding a couple more competitors. They’re typically focused on the lower end technology portion. We have won a significant amount of new business in the last 12 months which will eventually roll into our backlog when we announce that in November. I don’t go by batting averages or anything else, I just track how much new business we win by dollars and we won a significant amount of dollars in 2011 as compared to 2010 or 2009.
Timothy M. Manganello: Not really. I think they’ve won some business and now they’re in the launch stage. They’re bidding on other new business but are they getting much more than they’ve won in the past? Not that I can tell.
Timothy M. Manganello: I learned a long time ago both in this industry and outside this industry never say never. I don’t see any activity in that score right now. We see a little bit in Europe where people would like to be in the turbocharger business. Mercedes or Daimler has got a piece of the action with one of the Japanese turbocharger companies, they’ve got a small joint venture. It could happen but I don’t see any activity going on right now what’s over and above what’s normal.
Timothy M. Manganello: As a matter of fact in 2011 we increased our European presence percentage wise a little bit already in 2011 for the full year and that didn’t include the Haldex acquisition.
Timothy M. Manganello: We’re seeing globally between 2011 and 2016 a 25% growth in diesel applications in the light vehicle market. We’re seeing some slight growth in Europe, but percentage wise it’s about flat at 54% in Europe. The percentage is flat in Europe but there’s still growth in Europe. What we’re seeing growth in the rest of the world for diesel engines. We’re actually starting to see a little bit of uptick and interest in the United States for diesel also. But, whatever happens on the diesel side, if they don’t buy a turbocharged diesel there is a high probability they will buy a turbocharged gas engine with GDI. So we’re going to sell turbochargers either way it’s just a matter of whether they’re gas turbochargers or diesel turbochargers. But the diesel market is still a growth market it’s just not as fast as the growth market for gas turbochargers.
Timothy M. Manganello: Let’s just say it depends on application. It varies from application to application but on the whole and on the average gas tends to be a little bit higher priced for a gas engine application turbocharger than a diesel application for a pass car. When you get in the commercial side there is no gas engine it is just high priced diesel turbochargers and we like it that way.
Timothy M. Manganello: Oh yes, we’re seeing increased penetration rates on diesel in other parts of the world. India, we’re seeing some in Asia and Korea, but it’s not growing as fast in those parts of the world as turbocharged gas engines are. Right now turbocharged gas engines – well, to give you an idea I said diesel engines for light vehicles globally are growing roughly 25% over the next five years, turbocharged gas engines are growing 150% roughly over the next five years.
