Kenneth Lamb: Thank you, Kyle. Good morning, and thank you, all, for joining us. We issued our earnings release this morning at around 8:10 a.m. Eastern Time. It's posted on our website, borgwarner.com, on our Investor Relations homepage. A replay of today's conference call will be available through November 6 also on our website. The dial-in number for that replay is (855) 859-2056. You'll need the conference ID, which is 99689813. With regard to our Investor Relations calendar, we will be attending the following conferences between now and the end of the year: November 4, we will be at the Gabelli Automotive symposium in Las Vegas; November 12, we will be at the Goldman Sachs Industrial Conference in Boston; November 20, we will be at the Barclays Global Automotive Conference in New York; December 4, we will be at the Goldman Sachs Global Automotive Conference in London; and finally on November 10, we will be at the Baird Industrial Conference in Chicago. Also on that date, November 10, at around 8:00 a.m. Eastern, we will release our 2015 through 2017 book of net new business. At 9:30 a.m. Eastern that day, we will post a brief Q&A conference call regarding the backlog. Now before we begin, I need to inform you that during this call, we may make forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties as detailed in our 10-K. Our actual results may differ significantly from the matters discussed today. Now moving on to our results. James Verrier, President and CEO, will highlight our quarterly operating results as well as some of our recent noteworthy accomplishments. And then Ron Hundzinski, our CFO, will discuss the details of our quarterly operating results and also our updated outlook for 2014. With that, I'll turn it over to James.
Kenneth Lamb: And Brett, this is Ken. I want to add to what Ron just said. He mentioned in his prepared remarks about the global realignment plan to increase our treasury management flexibility. And a part of that flexibility is around using cash for various things including share repurchases. That's the plan we've been talking about for the last several months. It is underway. We expect to have that in place no later than the beginning of 2016. And I think that there can be some more consistency in our share repurchases at that time.
Kenneth Lamb: One comment, Ravi, just before you move on. Our -- the difference -- the main difference is that expectations may have been different than our guidance as of the last quarter, I think. But our -- we can work through that offline, but I have a math model here that supports this. So I'm sure we'll figure it out.
Kenneth Lamb: I'd like to thank you, all, again for joining us. We expect to file our 10-Q before the end of the day, which will provide details of our results. If you have any follow-up questions about our earnings release, the matters discussed during this call or our 10-Q, please direct them to me. Actually, I think I'll be quite busy this afternoon. Kyle, go ahead and close out call.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Rich, mid-teens is our target exclusive of restructuring. Am I saying that right? However, the restructuring inefficiency is included in that mid-teens incremental target.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: That's correct. I knew Rich was wanting to talk about currency for a second. You're absolutely correct. The spot rate is about 1 26, 1 27. BorgWarner uses an average. So the 1 33 is the average that would be -- we're anticipating for the full year if the spot rate remains in this 1 26, 1 27 range.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Right, right. Well, no. In the quarter, Wahler on the total company was about 70 basis points impact. On the full -- and I think I gave the color around the actual segment, so it's a significant margin impact if you do the math. Go back through the transcript and you'll see the magnitude of that I gave you.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Okay. Brett, so, let me just talk about total capital deployment. I think we have a very balanced approach right now, is what you're seeing. You're seeing CapEx is up, so we're funding the CapEx. We put in a dividend, so the dividend payments are in there, then the share repurchases. And then you go take into consideration M&A activity, right? So I would take a look at M&A and share repurchases together. And I think we've said in the past, in the absence of M&A activity, we would fill that gap with share repurchases. So to answer your question, in '15, I think, one of the question needs to be the M&A activity consideration, right? In absence of, we would move to share repurchases. If we had M&A activity, we would focus on M&A activity.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Brett, the unknowns here are the size of the M&A activities, right? And what I mean by that is, if you have an M&A activity that's pushing $500 million, $600 million, that changes that discussion because that would give us in a leverage range quicker. So I would say this though. Share repurchases are part of our deployment of capital. That's the bottom line. We're not going to give guidance at this point as far as what value that is because it's predicated on an M&A strategy, and when transactions in M&A actually happen.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: So I'm trying to keep up with your math. But essentially, our guidance, when we came into the year, organic sales growth was going to be between 7% and 11%. And as we do all the puts and takes that we just talked about, I think, that's exactly where we ended up landing. And that original guidance was based on our backlog of around $700 million this year. So last year, well, I'll just say that the impact that you talked about, they seem to be in the range. I'll have to maybe work with you offline to see if there's any other missing pieces, but that sounds right.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: No, no. We, as you know, when we give our guidance for the year, even our backlog, it's kind of an annual look. I can't say that there's an expectation that there is going to be any strong lift in the fourth quarter versus the other quarters. And then let me reiterate, our guidance now is very well-aligned with what our guidance was in January, which was based on our backlog that we -- the announcement we made last November.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: No, there's nothing that would be a negative that -- we know we have restructuring at this point, and we're trying to work through what those restructuring impact of moving those facilities to Western Europe are. But that -- there's nothing really I can say that's a negative.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: I think that if you visit us at November 10, you'll get the whole picture of what you're looking for, Ravi.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: All right, Joe. So the first question, are you referring to the prior guidance number sequentially you're trying to do it or year-over-year? Because that's important too.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Joe, I get $0.05 at the midpoint, I will say that. Now, if it's $0.06 or $0.005 on the high end, low end, in the midpoint, it's roughly $0.05. And it's not just the euro, you have to take into consideration that there's strength against just about every major currency except the Korean won. So there's currencies involved. But top level, it's about 100-plus million. You can always use this $0.11, $0.12, $0.13 decremental to the operating number, and then you flush it through the EPS, you get about $0.05, I think on the midpoint.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Well, we'll have to talk about 2015 a little bit more in January. But I think it's a fair way of thinking about it. If you look at the progression of Drivetrain over the last 18 months, you will see that surge in the second half of last year, and it has anniversary-ed now. So yes, that's going to slow down the growth a bit. And the other things that we've been talking about in that segment, the restructuring-related inefficiency. This new plant that we opened in China that's not going to start producing parts until third quarter 2015, those are going to be things that we're dealing with. We have been saying over the last couple of quarters, Drivetrain is going to be a little bit bumpy for the next few quarters, but at the end of that, the thing is going to be a much more competitive business. So we're taking those steps for the benefit of the long term.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: You said it very well, but I'm not going to agree to the numbers yet until we work through our 2015 plan, Brian. But I think the high level of analysis you just played out could play out that way, okay? It was very well put.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: No. I just want to comment on the third quarter. Equity income was outstanding, and the year-over-year variance looked quite large. But actually, Brian, if you go back sequentially, it's not that far off on a sequential basis. We're just -- NSK-Warner also serves to the Chinese market, I'll just point it out that way, and a lot that came from that side of the business. But no, to answer your question, that is not impacting us on the fourth.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Yes. Yes, it is. In fact, we're just talking about that a little bit this morning, about that stuff. Operating cash flow, is -- I think what we're being impacted by is restructuring activities floating in and out. Because remember, we have to start from a GAAP basis. We don't normalize it for a continuing basis, so we're seeing some of the spending of cash in restructuring activities.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Yes, let me restate what's going on here maybe. Back in the early part of the last decade, there was a legal structure that was put in place to support the strategic growth of the company. We've outgrown that structure. And growth is a little bit different now. It has to be reengineered, and we're going through the process of reengineering that structure to support different growth objectives in other parts of the world. So what this will do is this gives us more flexibility to execute that plan basically, okay? So that's what it really is. It's just that 10 years ago, it was a different business than it is today. This work that we're doing is going to provide a tremendous amount of flexibility in all aspects of our business from cash flow to other strategic items that we have on the table, and it's not inhibiting us tremendously today. It would just enhance and give us flexibility to be more proactive in the future.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Well, I mean, yes. But to a lesser degree, I think, it's less impactful on the Engine side of the business because it's bigger business. So relatively speaking, it's not going to have a material impact. But, yes, directionally, that's correct.
James R. Verrier: Yes, Richard, this is James. Roughly about 15% thereabouts of our annual revenue is commercial vehicle. And that's pretty well split relatively equally between on-road and off-road. And from a geographical perspective, the 4 markets primarily we serve are Europe and North America, which are the 2 bigger markets for us, and then we also serve Brazil and China. And our view, Rich, is those markets, with the exception of North America, remain kind of weak, particularly obviously in South America. So if that helps you out, that's a general thing. And then the last comment, Rich, just from a product perspective, the 3 primary products that we serve our market with are turbo and fan drives business in the thermal part of the company and our emissions products, both valves and coolers [ph]. So hope that's gives you hopefully a bit of a summary.
James R. Verrier: Rob, this is James. I'll comment a little on the evolution of driving test cycles, et cetera. In a nutshell, we don't really expect any meaningful change in -- for us in terms of our product strategy, our growth expectations. We just -- we don't. I think there's always been this element of test cycles versus real world driving and there's always been some disparity. I think any move towards aligning those closer or aligning it consistently globally, around the world is a good thing. I don't believe there's anything materially that's going to adjust the automaker strategies around maybe fuel economy and emission standards. And so therefore, I think, our product plans will stay in place. So I don't think it's going to really make any much difference to BorgWarner, Rod, if that helps you. But in terms of the Drivetrain piece, let me just comment, if I can, just from a macro point rather. Then if Ron or Ken want to add detailed numbers, that's fine. First and foremost, the Drivetrain restructuring remains really important for us, and the reason it remains important for us is to support our growth plans for Drivetrain. It's an integral part of our growth strategy and we wanted to put ourself in a position where we can capitalize on that growth by an optimized footprint. Let's just -- it's a refresh. And the really good news, that plan stays on track where, as Ron alluded to, we're now in a phase of moving equipment and then going through all that stuff. What we've talked about, Rod, is that would meaningfully kick off in the middle of this year and it would run through most of next year until we're fully, fully done. And I think what we talked about -- that's staying on track. And what we talked about is, when we were running in the higher incremental lines earlier, in earlier quarters, in the 30s, we talked about a couple of headwinds and one of them was Drivetrain restructuring but our target and our goal is that would probably moderate us back to the mid-teens or maybe a little more than that. And I think, we feel good actually, that's kind of what we're seeing play out. So it's not a 1-quarter event, Rod. We'll see some noise in that over the next few quarters, but that's not going to take us through all our commitment to the mid-teens. And if it works out a little better than we hoped, it'd maybe take us a little north of the mid-teens. So does that help a little, Rod, give you some better understanding on it or...
James R. Verrier: I would say, the mid-teens is our expectation, and we would look to hope to exceed that. I mean, that's typically the way we look at it, right? We don't manage the company to run at mid-teens. We're always looking to improve. And I think what I'm trying to characterize a little, Rod, is there's a lot of moving pieces when you do it over a 12- or 18-month period. So there's going to be noise, but we'll look to try and exceed that if we can. But I think, mid-teens is a reasonable minimum expectation.
James R. Verrier: Ravi, I don't want to give too much specificity about which customer, but what I will say is, it's planned and it's in line with what we were kind of expected, and it's not a long-term thing. I think it'll be sorted by the fourth quarter and back to normal levels. So it's not a surprise or a shock. It's kind of about on track to what we were expecting actually, and we should be through it by the end of the year.
James R. Verrier: The update probably, Ravi, is we continue to have a number of targets in the pipeline. And I think what has been typical over recent quarters, we've always got 1 or 2 that are kind of closer towards completion than others, and I think that's pretty much where we are right now. So we're working really very hard and very diligently to try and get one completed. I think you just know. It's just -- you can't predict that date just because of the uncertainty of the process itself. But the intensity is strong. The pipeline is very robust actually. And again, typically, we've got 1 or 2 that are kind of getting closer to completion and I think -- I would say that's where we're at right now, Ravi.
James R. Verrier: Yes, I mean just from my point, Ryan, I think if you look back on it historically, if you -- the downturn period clearly caused some of the automakers to stall and postpone and realign programs. So that was obviously a significant event. Over and above that, generally, programs really move around a little bit just based on more than anything the ability of the OEMs with their suppliers to get products launched. And when you're managing a transmission or an engine program launch over a 3- or a 4-year period, to have a month or a quarter change or a slight volume adjustment up or down, is very normal, and we have a lot of those just like any other supplier does. But -- so I would say those are the 2 points that there was a big adjustment in the past. And then normal course of business is customers will tweak programs and volume launch dates based on a number of things, and we just try and true that up, and that's why we do the backlog press just [ph] once a year.
James R. Verrier: No, I'm not sure I have that specific level of detail on that, Brian. I'll just say, in general, the growth on Drivetrain, it's been strong across both our transmission business and the overall drive business, and it's kind of multiple programs, multiple regions of the world. I mean, I think, at a macro level, I would say we've certainly benefited well from truck mix and truck strength in North America. I think that's for sure. And in Asia or China specifically, we've done very well. So I wouldn't want to break it down vehicle segment so much other than truck in North America and generally Asia, both China and Korea has been strong for us.
James R. Verrier: Maybe I would -- maybe we can start in Europe. I think as we came into the year, Itay, we were relatively cautious around growth in Europe. We said it'll be relatively very small and slow and a little bit bumpy through the year. I think that's pretty much what we've seen and we -- as we talked about it through this year, we probably anticipate a similar thing going into next year. So I think it's going to be very small kind of growth and a little bit lumpy. North America, I think, has been a strong market this year. And it's a little early to know what '15 is going to look like, but I think that's a robust market, and there'll be some growth in North America going into next year also. I think the other market of note on the macro is China, and we continue to see a relatively strong market growth in China both this year, and I wouldn't expect that to change. Next year, I think it'll be another strong growth year for China. Whether it moderates between 7%, 8%, 9% in that range, we'll see, but it's still meaningful growth. And obviously, when you layer the content growth on top of that for BorgWarner, it's a real strong platform for us. And then the other macro that we -- I alluded to earlier, Itay, was commercial vehicle, there's a little been bit of growth in North America, which has been welcome. The other regions of the world continue to be a challenge, and we're going to take a good look at that as we go through the fourth quarter of how we think that will play out next year. So not too bad overall. I mean, there's still modest to moderate growth for the industry, and it's just primarily China and North America are the 2 stronger zones for the world and for us as well.
James R. Verrier: So I just want to put all Ron's explanation together, I think it's kind of worth it as we kind of come towards the end of this. BorgWarner's been performing in the mid-30s and low 30s incremental rate over a number of quarters, which is just incredible performance, which we've all talked about. And I think just to refresh what we talked about was some moderation of that back towards the mid-teens or a little above. I think that's what we're seeing. So I just want to reiterate that this is -- I think what hopefully we've been projecting and I think that's what's coming. We remain very confident that we're going to run this company with that mid-teen incremental and/or above. And I think that's what we've demonstrated. And the third quarter is another great example of it. With all of those headwinds, we still delivered a very solid incremental. So I think -- I just think it's important we don't lose sight of that bigger view as we go forward.
Brett D. Hoselton: I apologize. I guess, I'm kind of -- I'm trying to think -- I'm thinking about the fourth quarter, and I'm thinking about contribution margins. And my simple back of the envelope math leads me to a 6% contribution margin in the fourth quarter. And I'm kind of thinking 12.2% operating margins and $2,050,000,000 in sales, or something along those lines. I'm thinking that seems a lot different than mid-teens. I know that you just kind of addressed that to some extent. But I guess I'm still somewhat confused. Is my math completely incorrect? Feel free to say that. Or is there some headwinds I need to account for that caused that differential.
Brett D. Hoselton: No, I'm just saying all-in total company, you're at 6%, so I guess Wahler would be one of the major differentials there.
Brett D. Hoselton: And that makes sense. I guess what I'm asking here is, if my calculations are correct, if I use your leverage targets, your debt-to-capital targets, I've got about $1 billion of buying power out there, and that's a lot. And so it seems like your incremental capital free cash flow might be available towards share repurchase, and we might be able to think about modeling maybe a more consistent level of share repurchase activity than we've seen over the past 8 quarters. And I guess I'm wondering, is that the direction we're moving? And if so, is there a dollar amount that you'd recommend or would you just, "Look, I wouldn't model anything for now. Just hold off and it'll all be incremental upside."
