Frédéric Lissalde: John, there is a wide range of a restart date and restart scenario. I think we have to not think about just the date of restart, but at what level of capacity we restart. And it is changing daily both from a restart date and ramp up production. So I think it's still -- it still varies and we'd -- we still have a lot of uncertainty in Q2 from a volume perspective.
Frédéric Lissalde: I think the fair assessment is that we are in constant communication with our customers and, yes, we're following that very, very closely. And yes, things change, things do change.
Frédéric Lissalde: So we are looking at -- your question is very broad, but let me give you some color here. So on the high scenario we're looking at 25% down for the full year. We're looking at 53% down in Q2, 16ish in Q3, and about 10% in Q4. And the low scenario would be a little bit lower than that, especially in Q2 as you've seen in the charts on the page that John alluded to. So what matters is really when customer restart and how fast they restart. And I'm certainly not going to go customer-by-customer, but on an aggregate standpoint this is where we are quarter-by-quarter.
Frédéric Lissalde: We don't think it's stocking. And we add in Europe our Engine Group of stronger with -- with actually stronger diesel demand and stronger new small gas engine demand. China DCT was strong and also strong from an emissions business standpoint. And our turbo business was pretty strong in North America. So that's pretty much what drove the significant outgrowth in Q1.
Frédéric Lissalde: Yes. I think the decrementals are really driven by the pace at which the revenue is down as opposed to something unique about the geography. So I wouldn't expect that to be the driver of the change in decrementals, I think just the challenge of operating with significantly lower production, the magnitude of that decline is really the driver of a decremental that's probably at a higher rate just like we experienced the point in time last year. I think this year it's even under more pressure. So something in that 30% ZIP code is probably the right way to think about us.
Frédéric Lissalde: Brian, safety is where BorgWarner excels. We have extraordinary safety results from a PR and high perspective and we're using exactly the same excellence that we have built in this company over the past decades to restart production with safety and COVID-19. So we have done a tremendous amount of work to figure out how we would restart plant-by-plant including exactly what you said social distancing, which is possible but not always and PPE, but also it goes way beyond the production area. Also, it impacts the way people breakout, the way people do poses and so on and all that has been looked at. And our plant managers have done a terrific job, wonderful job in getting our plants ready to restart.
Frédéric Lissalde: I can answer on the supply base. I would say that we are absolutely clearly seeing that the supply base is under some kind of undoubtedly some stress. And to-date we have not seen any disruption, but the key for those -- we have two suppliers -- will be their ability to fund a production restart. We are applying all the best practices that we developed when it is around managing supply de-stress over the past several years, but I would say no that -- yeah, potentially this is clearly a different scale.
Frédéric Lissalde: Joe, I think we're very happy with Q1. It was better than expected. We don't think that it's a pull forward of backlog, but we're not willing to assume that this outgrowth is going to continue at this point. We are watching, especially the diesel demand that was strong versus our assumption in Q1. And also, we're looking in great detail the China outgrowth.
Frédéric Lissalde: Well, we're using the same tools that we've used over the past. I would say about two years when we started talking about the distress of some of the supply base in Europe, we know how to do it. We have risk management departments and we understand all those, all the levers that we can pull up. You're right, what's a bit different now is that you might have some government, state help, and we would put these inputs in consideration when we decide how we -- what we do and how we do it. One of the key thing is really to stay close to the supply base, close to the customers to understand ramp ups and link it.
Frédéric Lissalde: Yes. And we're looking at that in great detail. I would not call it a trend. And we're doing that study with a lot of granularity, but we haven't seen this in registration. So I think it might be also due to the different element of diesel sizes and we're more and more into the big diesels and -- but I would say that this is something that -- this is not a trend that we're ready to bet on yet. Actually, if you look at the penetration rate for diesel, it's still in Q1 2020 about 5% lower than Q1 '19. So it has happened, but not ready to bet on the fact that this could be a trend.
Frédéric Lissalde: So the first thing I would say, Manuel, is that our strategy of being balanced across CH&E makes it like, it doesn't really matter for us. What I can tell you is that in China, we -- I'm not saying any slow down on electrification programs. We see things moving very fast from an electrification standpoint. In Europe, we see that the 2025 and 2030 are regulatory on CO2 and emission leading to more electrification is not questions. Actually, if you look at it in detail, in some countries, some programs related to electrification were deemed essential.  In the U.S., it might take a little bit more time. But the U.S. will benefit from our great technology in the combustion standpoint, making engine cleaner and leaner, and wherever we are around the world, we will see electrification accelerating growth for BorgWarner and also a great product in combustion making customers happy when they decide to go and have a longer tail in combustion.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, I think we were pleased with that 26% as well. And that's really a function of the lot of the cost restructuring actions that we were executing on about last year that we announced back in April and it allowed us to manage the decrementals now and we're seeing the benefit of that. And that's even while we were investing additional dollars in R&D and the drivetrain segment. So a good result all in -- all things considered in this environment. I think -- with the pace at which production is coming down on a year-over-year basis, I think it's still challenging to manage decrementals that are something less than 30% range in this type of an environment. I think that's a reasonable directional proxy to think of how to think about our decrementals going forward.
Kevin Nowlan: I think I would give it more directly by the segments, the way we disclosed publicly. And it's -- I mean in the Engine segment you can see that the simple math says that our decrementals were around 20%, that's because the bulk of the cost restructuring actions that we've taken over the past year have been in that segment and they're getting the benefit of that even as they manage the decremental margins on lower revenue. And then if you could see in the drivetrain segment there, their decrementals came in in the low 30s, say, for the quarter on a year-over-year basis, but the bulk of that was because of the increase in the R&D spend on a year-over-year basis in that segment to support our electrification program. So if you were to strip out that increase in the R&D they would have had the decrementals that are in the low 20s.
Kevin Nowlan: And I just add to that, Brian, I think that part of the reason, when we talk about the 30% decremental, it's a directional guide at this point, that's part of the reason we're not giving specific earnings guidance. I think there's a lot of variables when you have a revenue range that's from low-to-high $750 million wide, some of it can be what is the operational efficiency in the plan. It can be what are commodity prices doing, what's happening in the supply base, are there struggles there? What additional cost actions might we take? So there's a whole host of things that I think we're going to be learning over the coming months that will ultimately impact what those decrementals are and how efficient we operate.
Kevin Nowlan: I think that's how we think about it in terms of the way we manage our incrementals and decremental. Obviously, right now we're in the process of managing decrementals in the challenging Q1, as well as Q2 will still be under even more pressure as you can see from our revenue chart in terms of what we're expecting from a production standpoint. So right now we're in the process of managing decrementals, which means making sure we manage operational efficiency, supplier risk, and additional cost actions that we take to manage in that environment. And then that positions us as we start to see the rebound whether you're looking on an increment sequential basis or a year-over-year basis to be able to deliver at something consistent with our historic guidance of operating in that high teens basis on a ramp up.
Kevin Nowlan: That's exactly right, and that's some of the tailwind that we've seen already in Q1 as well as heading into Q2 because we do run positive working capital. If you look really receivables, payables inventory, we tend to run in the, called around 12.5ish%. So I think when you think about the decrementals, we obviously have real cash flow pressure coming from the decremental, but we also have an offset coming from free cash flow -- or I'm sorry, from working capital and we're experiencing that right now.  I would say, in this type of an environment -- and we all saw this in 2008, 2009, inventory tends to come out of the system much more slowly. But that said, we still run positive working capital when you look receivables versus payables and that's the real benefit that we're seeing at the moment.  Couple of other things that you should think about from a cash flow perspective as well is right now we're continuing in our planning assumptions, you can see at the high end, to maintain our capital investments at the levels that we operated with last year. And that's because with a company like us, one of our strengths is because of our liquidity and free cash flow profile we can continue to invest in programs in the long-term to support our customer needs, but obviously that's something we'll continue to monitor as the year goes on whether we need to do anything differently there. So I think those are some of the key puts and takes as you think about cash flow.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I mean when you ramp back up but they use by net-net we're down on a full year basis and in each quarter of the year and so that all allows it to be a pickup when you look at each quarter as well as the entirety of the year. So, yes, working capital is going to be a positive for the year, that's our expectation.
Kevin Nowlan: I don't think there is a significant movement one way or the other. We're going to continue to support funding of the restructuring actions that we identified and talked about back on the January call. In this environment, there can be some modest movements, just some timing movements pull forward or even pushed out a little bit, but that's -- I'd say overall directionally there's not a material change in what we guided to from the January outlook. We're still proceeding on that path.  And t good is -- I mean that -- remember what we talked about when we announced that restructuring and set up restructuring initiatives, we were trying to be proactive to manage unforeseen risks to offset potential unforeseen risks to manage our margin profile. We didn't anticipate COVID-19 necessarily, but here it is, is one of those unforeseen risks, and the good news is we were out in front of trying to make sure that we have an ability to sustain our long-term margin profile by taking those types of actions.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I guess -- and the first thing I'd say about that is we remain confident in the strategic merits of this transaction, and so all of us see the long-term prospects of combining these two companies. And so remember what the nature of this consent agreement is that we signed up to this morning, is to resolve an issue with an operating covenant. And we view the amendment, that is a way to provide Delphi with the flexibility and needs to execute on its financial plan in this environment while protecting us from further unanticipated downside risk.  The reduction in the equity exchange ratio that we agreed to is intended to compensate us, for that additional risk we're taking by providing that covenant relief. And remember, the financials of all companies in this environment BorgWarner included, BorgWarner, Delphi, others in the sector have all been under pressure and our stock prices reflect that. And since this is an all equity transaction, the effect of equity purchase price has already been impacted as a result of the environment we're in. So that's really the totality of how we think about this.
Kevin Nowlan: We don't see major delays. I would say that two to two to four are in line with the prior guide, and which is 150 to 250 basis points of our growth.
Kevin Nowlan: Emmanuel, I'll take you through the backlog math offline, but just mathematically their way to think about is the outgrowth through the remaining three quarters, the average will be that 1.5% to 2.5 % that Fred referenced but it's in line with the prior guideline.
Kevin Nowlan: I mean with respect to the share, by that, we remain committed to the billion-dollar program we announced back in the end of January. I think all we're saying is that in the near term in this environment with all the uncertainty that we have, we don't think it's the prudent decision to be deploying liquidity at this moment to start executing on that program. We're subject to a number of blackouts anyway and the environment we're operating in as a result of where we stand and the transaction with Delphi, but nonetheless I think just in the coming months, we don't think it's prudent to be executing on that. That said, we remain committed to the billion-dollar program.
Kevin Nowlan: Yesh, I mean ultimately the dividend is the decision of the board of directors, but I think the way, we as the management team think about it is the dividend is the commitment that we make to returning free cash flow to our shareholders and generating $146 million of free cash flow in the first quarter with an outlook that suggested even under these difficult revenue scenarios that were going to generate positive free cash flow for the full year I think the Board undoubtedly took that into consideration and thought it was good to continue to live up to its commitments to returning that cash over to shareholders.  Undoubtedly, that's a decision the Board will continue to monitor each quarter as it looks at the environment and sees how things might be changing. But I'm sure that was the calculus that went into it.  I think with respect to the buybacks, buybacks, we remain committed, as I mentioned to Armintas, to the billion-dollar program, but the timing of the execution of those tends to be more discretionary and so we're going to be prudent with the liquidity in this environment and look at the right timing to start redeploying the cash towards that buyback program, but we don't think now is the moment to do that.
Kevin Nowlan: Keep in mind when Fred talked to the slide what we agreed to with Delphi as part of this consent agreement is to put a limitation on the amount of debt that can be outstanding at the closing. And in the grand scheme of things when you think about that potential for incremental indebtedness, we don't think it materially alters our view on the expected leverage ratio or the financial prospects of the combined company.
Kevin Nowlan: You may remember Delphi had called it a $1.5 billion or so that we have $2 billion of debt and we'd talked about the potential, not the requirement, but the potential that there could be additional net debt at closing of $115 million according to the consent agreement we signed up before. So in the grand scheme of an entity that has $3 billion plus in debt, that's not a huge number that really swings the overall leverage prospects of the company in a way that causes us to want to operate it any differently post-closing.
