Ken Lamb: Thanks Christie. Good morning and thank you all for joining us. We issued our earnings release this morning at approximately 7:30 a.m. Eastern Time. It's posted on our website, borgwarner.com, on our homepage. A replay of today's conference call will be available through November 7th. The dial-in number for that replay is 800-642-1687. You’ll need the conference ID, which is, 37209257. The replay will also be available on our website. With regards to our Investor Relations calendar, we will be attending a number of conferences between now and the end of the year. November 6th, we’ll be at the Baird Industrial Conference in Chicago. This is also the day we plan to announce our 2013 through 2015 backlog of net new business. November 8th, we will be at the Morningstar Management Behind the Moat Conference in Chicago. November 14th, we will be at the Barclays Global Automotive Conference in New York and on December 6th we will be at the Goldman Sachs Global Automotive Conference in London. Before we begin, I need to inform you that during this call, we may make forward-looking statements which involve risks and uncertainties as detailed on our 10-K. Our actual results may differ significantly from the matters discussed today. Now moving on to our results, Tim Manganello, Chairman and CEO, will comment on the third quarter and current industry trends. And then Ron Hundzinski, CFO, will discuss the details of our operating results and also our outlook for the remainder of 2012. Also for the Q&A portion of the call, we have James Verrier, President and Chief Operating Officer  With that, I'll turn the call over to Tim.
Ken Lamb: Thanks Ron. Now let’s move to the Q&A portion of the call. Ron Hundzinski and James Verrier will be taking your questions. I would ask the call coordinator to please announce the Q&A procedure.
Ken Lamb: I would like to thank you all for joining us. We expect to file our 10-Q before the end of the day which will provide details of our results. If you have any follow-up questions about our earnings release or matters discussed during this call or our 10-Q please direct them to me. Christie, please close out the call.
James Verrier: Rich, this is James. Let me talk probably about the fourth quarter more than the first quarter. I think candidly we need a little more time to really get a better view of the first quarter; we are trying to work away through the fourth quarter. In terms of the 13% number for the fourth quarter, we feel pretty comfortable with that number, the risk to it frankly is the month of December, that's the element that makes it a little challenging in terms of what the customers will do as they comes to close out at the end of the year. But as we sit here today and we look at the schedules and we talk to the customers, we look at our actual run rates in the third quarter and we look the projective run rate of actual through the month of October, that gives us frankly more confident and confidence around the 13% number, but could it be a percent or so either side of that, absolutely that's the possible Rich. I think as Ron, alluded to though, if it is a little different to that 13% we feel very comfortable and confident in our ability to execute against that if there is a slight shift. So that, if that helps you, that’s kind of the view that we’re seeing right now.
James Verrier: Yeah, Brad, this is James. So in terms of when we will announce it, it’s next week at the Baird Conference. So that’s next Tuesday. So we will be announcing it and taking you guys through the details next Tuesday. So I don’t want to comment obviously prior to that, but we're working very hard. Kenny is doing his magical work as ever. So we will be ready next Tuesday to give you an update. In terms of the quoting and bidding activity, it remains very strong for us as we look at how this year is stacking up with prior years. We're very pleased where we see our activity year-to-date. And I would say, it's healthy across the different product lines and it's pretty healthy across the regions. Now, we're just going through the process of calculating that and putting it into the appropriate models and that’s what we will bring to the meeting next Tuesday, Brett.
James Verrier: Yeah Itay, this is James, all right. Let me start with maybe the basic thing. We are very comfortable and very confident about the story of BorgWarner. If you think about it over the long term, nothing has changed fundamentally, the need for greater fuel economy, better emissions and better performance all of those needs are still strong and very, very strong and BorgWarner has the products for that. So the fundamentals Itay of the story are absolutely solid and we feel very, very comfortable in that technology and our ability to drive that growth. Really the detail of what the next the two or three looks like, we will get a better looks as we puts together the net new booking business. A little more than half of that business is in Europe, so that does weigh on us a little, as does the commercial vehicle business which is 15% of our business and that markets down a little bit. So there are some pressures on that, so I think as Ron, went through his breakdown of our performance growth is the markets; you will see some of that weighed on us in the fourth quarter and somewhat in the third quarter. So in the short term we are going to see some of those headwinds weighing on us a little bit from a outperformance versus the market, but we’ll still have growing in most regions and in most product lines, and fundamentally we think that’s absolutely we are going to continue on, but we will provide more data and more color on it next Tuesday when we do the net new book of business Itay.
James Verrier: Joe, this is James. I just add on what Ron, said and I fully agree with Ron. We have no intension to slowdown our R&D investment and growth rate. I think as we’ve disclosed in prior earnings calls, it’s been a challenge for us to get to that 4% rate because of our rapid sales growth. But when I look out there at the areas of opportunities that I see for technology development for this company, and how we can support the OEMs around the world, there is no reason for us to slowdown. We’ve got some phenomenal technology next generation technology that we are working on, it has been the happy that this company for long time and it will continue on. So we are going to drive aggressively to that 4%.
James Verrier: John I would say the one way to look at it is Europe as a percentage of our total business is about 56% of our sales about 5% to 8% of our total sales go from out of that European content into North America or to China primarily. And I would say the content on those vehicles is relatively similar to what we would have in Europe, so that the vehicle mix at a different way John or the mix that we see in Europe how that helps us in our base European business is properly similar on that 5% to 8% of our business that gets exported out to predominantly China and the US. If that helps you out John .
James Verrier: I would think about that, if I look it on, just look at this year today, so if you look at this year where we’ve seen some pretty, we are seeing some pretty significant reductions in Europe. Our out performance is straight through that. Will that change a couple of percentage points quarter-to-quarter that is very possible. We can't always say every quarter is going to be 8 to 10; those vehicle mix that things go on. But fundamentally, I look at this year, I look at a challenging quarter like the third quarter, I look at the fourth quarter, I look at the reductions that we are seeing in European schedules and out performance in Europe remains to outperform that. So that's how I am viewing it. I look more of what's happened and to give me confidence. So the short story is that I believe we will continue to outgrow, outperform Europe. Will that always be 8 to 10, will it be little less or little more, there always be some variability, but the fundamentals of our outperforming in Europe will continue on, is my view.
Tim Manganello: Yeah, let me give some color on that Rich. In the earlier part of the year, let's say the first half of the year, our temporary employees as a percentage of our total direct work force was probably in the mid 20% range which as you point out is very much higher than where we were a number of years ago, which was very intentional strategy on our part. As we've worked through the third quarter that number’s come down a little, so we are probably in the 20% range as we operated in the third quarter. And based on the production outlook and the schedules we seek for the fourth quarter, we are probably going to end up around approximately about 10% number as we come towards the end of the fourth quarter. So we've used that flexibility to deliver the type of performance that we've shown. In addition Rich to we also used a little bit of a reduction in the actual work week from the six days down to five in some of our facilities.
Tim Manganello: Rich we continue to look very aggressively and I think consistent with what we've said in the past, our clear focus is to look for technology leading companies and companies with growth and that's really been our focus and it continues to be our focus. And I think just as we've said in the past Rich we have a number of targets that we are continuing to work hard on, to try and bring one or more of those over the line. It will stay in the areas that we are in, adjacent areas of Engine and Drivetrain. There's quite a number of them and we continue to be pretty aggressive in our search for bringing one of those home. 
Tim Manganello: Sure, Patrick, the way we look at margin expansion is over the long run, not specific to a quarter-to-a quarter. Over the long run, we know that we need that growth to expand our margins. But bring it back to the quarter, I would just be honest, our operating guys have just done an outstanding job to ensure that we're managing the market right now and getting cost out of the plants on the short run and getting discretionary spending down, getting our labor cost in line and they are just doing a great job. They are outperforming themselves right now. Now, over the long run, that’s going to be difficult for them to do that. In the short run, they did a great job and I still hold that in the long run I need that 8% to 10% sales growth to expand my margins.
Tim Manganello: Joe, the quick and simple answer is we expect and we believe by the way we will get the growth both from the organic piece of our company and from the acquisitions that we bring into the company. One of the things that we've talked about in the past where we are looking for companies so that we try to acquire, two critical elements that we need, one is technology and the other is the ability to grow, and obviously those two things go hand-in-hand. So if you look at the let me say the track record of the acquisitions that we bought in and integrated into the company, yeah, they performed very well and they have delivered on the growth targets and expectations that we had as well as the financial performance. But the organic or existing base part of the company is absolutely the same way. All of if you look across our business, all of our products are lined up for the growth rates to meet the fuel economy standards and the emissions performance that's out there. So we don't really differentiate between one carrying the other or one outweighing the other. You make a small variances year-to-year in a business unit or a product line, but in general the belief in the way we run the company is both organic and acquired companies. We are expecting to drive the double-digit growth rate.
Tim Manganello: No, I wouldn’t say its material. You are going to have couple of hundred thousand dollars changes here and stuff like that but I wouldn’t suspect it’s a material event for us. 
Tim Manganello: The depth of the dreams and interest in price, John I have not heard that one before but what we are seeing and what we continue to see is somewhat of a reduced or demised focus on electric vehicle and more and more focus on the internal combustion engines type technology and hybrid technology and the type of transmission technology that we have always talked about. So we are seeing that activity very, very strong and I agree with you so we see less focus, less enthusiasm around full electric vehicle. 
Ron Hundzinski: Yeah, Brett, the way I think it’s about $5 million actually I have net interest. We had a couple of things in the quarter that was favorable; we have an interest rate swap that actually went favorable on us as well. So I don't think we are going to stay at that rate of $5 million interest expense going forward. I think mark-to-market on that cross interest rate swap will come back. So I would go more back to the second quarter and then maybe adjust for the convertible on a run rate basis going forward. Okay.
Ron Hundzinski: I'm expecting to start seeing those benefits in 2013; because the way the program works as those employees should be out of our facilities fairly soon here which means I won't have that cost going forward.
Ron Hundzinski: Well, I would like to see it all, but I'm working with a works council in another country that I am sure I will see some deterioration in that $13 million, so maybe half or something like that for next year.
Ron Hundzinski: The only thing I would say is that on the gross profit margin I expect us to have the same performance we have had. I would say that we are probably deleveraging a little bit on SG&A because of R&D spend, that’s probably where our focus is which your walk issue is right now. We continue to invest in R&D and that’s going to have a little bit deleveraging in SG&A. 
Ron Hundzinski: Yeah Itay, I thought I would get that question. I want to be clear, it’s not related to cancellations of programs, what it is it’s just the spending rates not where we thought it was going to be when we took a look. The programs are still in place it’s just that the pace we are putting it on is not at the same pace we thought in the middle part of the year. As far as your view going forward, I would expect the spend at the same rate of percentage of sales that we have done in the past and no significant change in that area. 
Ron Hundzinski: No. Decremental margin are in line with our normal decremental margins first of all Chris. The commercial vehicle market was down 10%. Our sales were down 10% in the commercial vehicle market in the quarter.
Ron Hundzinski: We figure its about almost 20% of our sales, we are down 10%. Okay, Chris, so 20%, almost 20% of our sales were down at $30 million to $35 million in that range. 
Ron Hundzinski: You know Chris that's a hard number for us to do. We typically look at the backlog on a linear perspective through the period. So basically period one or year one, two, and three is linear by $833 million what we've done in the past. Now as you go through the cycle of a given year, it’s not necessarily linear sometimes because the launches take place in the beginning of the summer right. I have to do some numbers and get back with you to crunch that over and get some numbers around that Chris. I don't have that handy in my head right now.
Ron Hundzinski: I said in the script about smaller numbers having a larger impact and that implies to the engine group as well as the Drivetrain. We could have in a given quarter a huge cost reduction program that really took effect the volumes came in as far as the cost reductions and had a big bump in our incremental margins. That could happen in a give quarter, because it’s not smooth throughout the year. Again I go back to the operating guys just really watching the business and executing on the operating front is what we are seeing in the quarter. 
Ron Hundzinski: I think what you are not taking in to consideration is the mix in that change as well that James talked about a few minutes ago, which gets in to another dimension of calculation I guess is what I would say. So that’s the missing equation there for you.
Ron Hundzinski: I would at this point still and subscribe to the target of 4%. We struggled this year to get to the 4% in the early part of the year only because the sales grew in the first part. Our goal is still to continue to spend in R&D, at whatever levels appropriate and we currently still think that’s above 4% of our sales, I don't see a coming back on that at all at this point.
Ron Hundzinski: I don't expect, we run this business over the long run. We've always stated that and our stated goal is 8% to 10% over the long run. I would expect that, that same operating model to be in place over the next several years as well. Obviously, you are going to have quarters that are a little bit more narrow in growth and quarters that expand and I would just say that over a three year period that we still expect over that average of the three years period would still be in that 8% to 10% growth rate over a three year period. I mean, historically we haven't seen a flat market that long. It’s usually one, two three quarters and you start to get growth again.
Ron Hundzinski: We're going to manage this business on a day-to-day basis over a period of two quarters to three quarters and we are trying to get at the margin deterioration would happen in that period. We're going to be hard pressed to whole margins. There is no question. But I am confident, we have an operating group right now that understands this and is going to work everything, do everything they can right now to hold their margins.
