Frederic B. Lissalde: Thank you, Kevin. I'm not really excited to share an update of our progress towards our project challenging forward targets on Slide 13. As evidenced by our program announcements over the past several quarters, including the 2 wins that I alluded to earlier, we're making significant progress on the organic growth in electric vehicles underlying our charging forward plan. As of this call, we have now booked electric vehicle programs leading to about $2.3 billion of revenue in 2025. Or to put it another way, with this booked business, we're more than 90% of the way towards our $2.5 billion organic revenue target we gave you back in March. The breakdown of this program is highlighted on the chart to the left.  We're excited about the mix of both components and system awards and importantly, our booked business is across all major regions with leading OEMs. Plus, we expect to add to this booked business portfolio over the next quarters by securing additional EV awards with 2025 revenues. And then, we will supplement this organically-developed revenue with EV revenues from AKASOL and any future acquisitions. The takeaway from today is this. It's a challenging near-term environment, but, once again, BorgWarner is successfully managing the present and delivering solid financial results. At the same time, we're delivering our future. We're doing this by establishing product leadership and winning new business in the world of electrification. And with these wins, we are successfully executing on our long-term strategy, challenging forward, which will deliver value to our shareholders long into the future. With that I'd like to turn the call back over to Pat.
Frederic B. Lissalde: I think it's -- 2025, as far as we see it is going to be the inflection point, the volume in 2025, who is starting production in 2023, 2024, 2025, it's only going to go up from there. This is a product where you need a lot of product leadership. You need skill in electronics. You need a certain level of vertical integration to innovate freely. And I think we have all that, we have global manufacturing footprint and we're very, very pleased with the product leadership. I'm hearing a lot of good feedback from customers, so very pleased with the momentum we have in power electronics at this point in time.
Frederic B. Lissalde: Yes. John, I think you are around 3. It's pretty much what we have in electronics between award and start of production. In some cases, since we have allowance breadth of product, and very modular design, in some cases we can be faster than that. But I think a good proxy, John would be 3 years from booking to SOP.
Frederic B. Lissalde: The financial discipline of this Company has not changed in whatever we quote, and in the world of electric vehicle, we have the same discipline -- absolutely the same discipline.
Frederic B. Lissalde: I think we just simply have better products. Better products that package better, that are lighter, that are more competitive than competition. And this is linked to better product leadership, better innovation. And also, ability to innovate in our verticals, which are power modules, software, ASIC and design. There is no magic there. You need to be better in all those elements and the proof is in the putting, we are.
Frederic B. Lissalde: We have a small operations and business today producing challenging stations. We also think that the future is fast challenging may and that very packs in there. And we're looking at -- and that using the value that we can add to the market, this is something we're looking at right now.
Frederic B. Lissalde: A lot of questions in your question. So first, very happy with the inverter positioning. And as I alluded to in my prepared remark, we think we're going to be the number 1 non-captive inverter producer by 2025. 2.5 million inverters in 2025 and absolutely growing from there. More to be booked, already 90% booked, and that the ramp up in R&D is to support that booking rate and also the high level of pursuits that we do. So, I am very happy with that.  I would not call that the finished product. When you look at Slide 13, you add other products in the mix. It's true that this product does a high content per vehicle, but we're very successful with systems iDMs. We've announced quite a few wins and more to come, very successful with the surrounding of the batteries. Needless to say, that Slide 13 does not include AKASOL because we don't totally own it yet. We are in the squeeze-out period. It's not a one product. There are a lot of products in the world of electric vehicles that we are excelling at.  Now inverters, as I mentioned in prior calls, are the products that are outsourced by our customers by the vast majority because it's very products complex to do. It requires a lot of scales in their electronics and lot of vertical integration. And so we're very successful with that. On motors, we are embedding our own motors in our iDM 's, we're also selling standalone motors. I would say that the market in motors is still more fragmented, that the competitors in inverters, that is becoming more and more concentrated. That's what I would tell you if I hope I covered most of your question.
Frederic B. Lissalde: From an organic standpoint, we are at 90%, and our target was $2.5 billion, we are $2.3 billion, very happy about that. From an inorganic standpoint, AKASOL, as we mentioned in the past, represents about 1/4 of the inorganic sales underlying project charging forward, and we have a few, few years to go. Very happy with the pipeline that we have. Good, healthy pipeline. We are engaged with some targets. And of course, right now we're focused on preparing the AKASOL integration, which is not totally ours until the squeeze out process is happening. We are on track for disposition overall. We are on track versus what we presented to you back in March, and very happy to see that momentum both organically and inorganically.
Frederic B. Lissalde: Joe, I think in 2025, we still think that our assumptions are accurate. If you remember, back in March, in our Investor Day, talked about 30% of BEV market in light vehicle in 2030. I think we might be on the low side. The market might be higher than 30% BEV. Remember, our target in 2030 was 45% BEV. But I don't think 2025 is going to move meaningfully. 2030 might be north of 30%, actually, might be north of what we thought back in March. And you are right, the pace of BEV volume is accelerating and the pace of requests for sourcing is accelerating too. And the volumes of what we are booking, they are in the several hundreds of thousands of pounds, right. We're not talking about low volume here, so it's significant. The acceleration is here and I'm very happy to be a big part of it.
Frederic B. Lissalde: It's a tough one that's why our guidance is so wide for the remainder of the year. Volatility happens in all regions and can change from one day to another. Staying close to customers is the [Indiscernible] key, but surprise do happen where our schedules are in place, ready to ship, and the customers is stuck with no path. It is a very volatile environment and I don't think it would be wise for me to answer that question regionally in detail. It's still a pretty wide world right now.
Frederic B. Lissalde: So, with that, I'd like to thank you all for your great questions today. If you have any follow-ups, feel free to reach out to me and the rest of the team. With that Jay, you can go ahead and close the call.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. Thanks, Colin. A couple things. Even though production is expected to be sequentially up, our revenue when you look at what's embedded in our guidance is expected to be under a little bit more pressure because we had 13+% outgrowth in Q4 or Q3, but as you step into Q4, our implicit guidance somewhere of outgrowth in the range of 7.5% to 8.5%. So sequentially, actually, it's a revenue headwind even though market production is up. So, when you look at our revenue, our revenue actually is under more pressure on a sequential basis. The other thing you have is commodities are still a continuing headwind and that's true on a sequential basis, where it steps up probably in the range of $5 million to $15 million going from Q3 to Q4. So, I'd say those are a couple of the big drivers.
Kevin Nowlan: Yeah, that's right, and it's consistent with what we laid out in our charging forward Investor Day presentation back in March. We expected -- just like the math you've gone through, we expect to be able to generate a lot of capital over the planning horizon here. And we believe that capital is available to support our dividend policy, as well as the complete -- ultimately, the buyback program that we have outstanding.  But right now, the priority for us is to preserve that dry powder for M&A priorities over the near-term and the medium-term to accelerate the path toward winning in electrification for this Company, consistent with our charging forward initiative. So that's where the priority and the focus is right now. And so, to the extent that we have pipelines of opportunities built up that we think will potentially utilize that capital, we're going to maintain that capital to be ready to support those types of M&A initiatives.
Kevin Nowlan: I mean, there's a couple of dispositions that I'd say we are actively in progress. In fact, when you look at 10-Q, that's going to get filed later today, you're going to see some assets and liabilities on one of those transactions. Actually, were moved into held for sale accounting, so you can see we're making some progress there, although we don't have anything specific to announce today. But those couple of transactions that are in progress are really the start point. We have a couple of others that I would say are in the planning phases that we think when you combine those things that we look at the 2022, we think we're on the path to disposing of a billion dollars of combustion revenue consistent with what we laid out back in March.
Kevin Nowlan: I think on the margin, even looking at the two programs that Fred presented today, we look at those types of programs on the same way we look at all of our other programs. We focus on the ROIC of those programs, and given the capital intensity of those types of programs being substantially similar to what we see in the bulk of our business, it means that the margin profile of those businesses ends up looking substantially similar to the types of programs we've booked historically at this Company. We -- those programs, in particular, as well as any others actually come up through Fred and me. We look at those, we look at the ROIC and the margin that comes out of that and we're pleased with what we see.
Kevin Nowlan: Absolutely. I think I would refer you to the slide that we had provided back at our Investor Day because I think that's a good way to think about it, which showed how the R&D right now is heavy particularly relative to the revenue that we have when we're running it $300 million or $400 million of EV revenue. But we're investing -- of that $725 million of R&D this year, around a 1/3 of that being focused on the e-product portfolio. Obviously, that math doesn't work from a near-term profitability perspective. As we go out over time, we start to launch some of these programs from an EV perspective.  The EV businesses start to get some real gross margin and contribution margin that starts to help to fund on its own, some of those R&D Investment. So, R&D is continuing to ramp over the next few years, but ultimately, that contribution margin is coming on more quickly and you start to get the leverage that you alluded to. And you can see as we laid out in the Investor Day that by the time you get to call it 2024 - ish time frame is when we start to cross and you start to see profitability on a standalone basis as the, contribution margin on an incremental sales start to overtake the R&D investments that we're making.  And I would say as you think about that for the long term, as we think about the steady-state for that business, the margin profile of that business, we think, is a good margin business. It's just that we're in growth mode for a long period of time. Until you stop the growth, you never fully offset the R&D from a normal operating margin perspective. We're always continuing to invest, as long as we're growing. But we start to get the real leverage in the coming years here.
Kevin Nowlan: I mean, the good news right now is as we're looking at the decremental we experienced in Q3, and even what's implicit in our Q4 guide. We're suggesting there's a 30% decremental, but about 10 points of that is being driven by the commodity cost headwinds. So, underlying the performance outside of commodity costs, we're managing right around that 20% mark on a year-over-year basis. Which is good considering how much revenue has come out on a year-over-year basis.  When volumes come out relatively quickly like that, and then they recover we would expect generally to incremented -- increment directionally at the rate at which we decremented. when you have a drop down and then a snap back. And then as you look longer term, we continue to expect, once you get into a more normalized operating environment, incremental go back to a more normalized wherein the high-teens tends to be where we operate from a pure incremental perspective.
Kevin Nowlan: On recovery of volume from the low levels that we're operating at now, absolutely. And then as you get into a more normalized outgrowth relative to normalized market expectations then you would expect to return to more normalized incremental margins. But when we get a snap back from production drops like we would anticipate at some point here, we would expect to be able to increment at the rate at which we decremented. No different than what we saw coming out of COVID.  When COVID started to -- when we started the snap back at the end of last year, we had obviously decremented at a pretty healthy rate earlier in the year and it came back very quickly and we incremented at the rates in which we decremented. I think that's the right way to think about us as we come out of hopefully the production challenges that we're seeing in the market today sometime during '22.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. So, look, a couple of things on the outlook for next year, obviously still early days and we're still operating in a very volatile environment, as evidenced by the fact that we still got $300 million revenue range on our Q4 revenue outlook. And so that just gives you an indication as to the volatility in the environment. And as we look out into 2022, from where we sit today, we don't see a rapid solution to the semiconductor challenges and a sudden snap back in volume -- market volumes coming. So, our expectation is that there's going to be continuing impact of the supply chain disruptions well into 2022.  That's why we're suggesting, given where we sit today, we expect that probably translates to modest growth from a year-over-year production perspective. But I'd say, you're sitting here in early November trying to project what next year looks like when we're still struggling with Q4 production. is pretty challenging to project right now. But we don't see necessarily an end in the near-term in terms of some of the supply chain disruptions. Which might be a little bit different than some others who are guiding you to a much more rapid recovery.  In terms of the outgrowth, it starts with what was your outgrowth in 2021 and how much of that might have been effectively a pull-forward or a benefit you would've otherwise expected over the couple of years. So, the fact that we outgrew the market based on our guidance or expect to outgrow the market by 10% in 2021. That's obviously not a normal outgrowth for this Company. We're happy with it, but it suggests to us that knowing that we normally grow in the mid-single-digit range, or at least half for the last number of years that some of that may had been a pull forward of things we would've otherwise expected in 2022. But we're in the middle of that assessment right now.  We're in the middle of our long-range planning process and really understanding in this volatile environment how much of that is a headwind in next year's year-over-year outgrowth versus we expect to -- this as the new base from which we grow. So still in the middle of the assessment, but that wouldn't be a bad thing. It would just be that [Indiscernible] accelerated into this year, and you can really see that in our full-year guide, where our backlog in our full-year guide is a billion and a half in 2021. I mean, it tells you the strength of what we've been able to accomplish this year. And it's just a question of how much of that might have been a pull forward from next year.
Kevin Nowlan: So, the margin profile of the businesses and products that we would consider for disposition, it depends. I'd say some probably have below average, Company average margins, some might not. They might have at or even above the Company average margins. Remember when we're looking at the framework for what we don't think is a business or product that fits with BorgWarner longer term, if a business or product that doesn't tick one or more of three boxes, we look and say, do we have product leadership in the space? Do we have medium to long-term growth prospects? Do we have a strong margin profile?  So, you can have businesses that might have a solid or strong margin profile, but actually just don't have the growth prospects that we would expect or product leadership, that would be a candidate for disposition. At the same time, we have products that are undoubtedly below the average margin profile that are candidates for disposition. So, when we at Investor Day talked about our longer-term margin guide, we contemplated the types of businesses that we thought would be included in our disposition strategy.  And still thought, that over the longer term, that we would be in the double-digit margin range on a go-forward basis that contemplates to dispositions. And it also contemplates the impact of growing the EV portfolio. And the one thing you have to keep in mind when we talk about the growth in the portfolio. The impact on our P&L is already in our results today. It's already there because we're investing over $200 million in R&D right now in our P&L in 2021 and we only have $300 million to $400 million of EV related revenue in our P&L.  So that's only a tailwind as we continue to grow that business going forward because we start to get contribution margin that's more than offsetting the incremental R&D as we look out over the coming years. You can't look at that business and say, well, it's a negative margin business and I'm growing a negative margin business. We're growing from where we are today and starting to generate the contribution margin on the incremental revenue that comes into the P&L. And the margin profiles of those businesses, we feel very good about.
Kevin Nowlan: So the first question in terms of the growth over my -- it's a combination of those things. It's absolutely a fair comment that is some of this potentially mix. And that's mix of product, mix of customer, absolutely that's potentially a piece of the equation and that's what we're assessing right now. And I think that undoubtedly had some impact on Q3 where we delivered over 13% growth, if you just look at the quarter in isolation growth over market on a year-over-year basis. We're in the process of assessing what do we think 2022 looks like and versus that 10%.  Are we back to the average or is it slightly below the average, I don't think where we sit today, we're expecting to be delivering 10% growth above market again. So it's a matter of a question of, are we back to normal growth rates that we've delivered over the last few years? Or that we have projected before? Or is there any headwind relative to that based on, the really strong outgrowth in backlog we delivered this year. In the middle of that assessment right now.
Kevin Nowlan: In terms of the commodity headwind, remember this year we're effectively got embedded in our guidance a net commodity headwind of about $80 million to $90 million for the full year. And as I mentioned, Q4 supposed to be up $30 million to $40 million of that. So the bulk of the commodity headwind we've experienced has been in the back half of the year as opposed to the front half of the year. We started to see it little bit in Q1, but it really started to accelerate in Q2 and in Q3 and Q4. In Q3, $24 million, in Q4, $30 million to $40 million. And so you can do the math based on that and assume that if commodities remained at those types of levels, it's a year-over-year headwind as you look at Q1 and Q2.  That's what I would say, given where we stand at this point, those are the planning assumptions that we're using but it remains to be seen where we actually end up. In terms of the other costs, TBD, those are embedded in the P&L today in terms of our guide, because of the impact on us. I think the biggest impact though, is what we're seeing at the moment is really the commodity headwind when we look at the impact on our financials this year.
Kevin Nowlan: Our typical pass-through, when you look at the blend of all the pass-through mechanisms, we have contractually as it relates to steel, aluminum, nickel, copper, the things that we're most exposed to, the contractual pass - throughs are about 50% on a fully blended basis. A couple of things to note about that. When we talk about the net commodity headwind that we've disclosed $80 million to $90 million, that is on a net basis and so, we've been executing at or around that 50% level thus far in our guidance this year, which means the gross impact of those commodity headwinds is roughly double what we talked about, roughly.  And so the $80 million to $90 million already contemplates recoveries in it. So if you think about how that translates into next year, maybe you get a little benefit from some of the lag that's in there but we're already pretty close to 50%, I'd say today. The second thing I would just note is when you get into more sustained inflationary environments of such a high degree like we're seeing there, it's not uncommon to see suppliers having conversations across the industry with customers about what to do beyond the So, contractual pass-through mechanism.  So the 50% than what we're experiencing to-date is really the contractual piece and we'll see how long the inflationary environment last and at what level and whether that warrants additional conversations that we or others have with the customer base heading into next year.
Kevin Nowlan: Our commercial vehicle is still running in that low teens caught around 13% of our total portfolio. So not a material changes as you look out, whether it's the balance of this year, as we think about where we are going to be next year. The things that move the needle would be at this point, anything that we do on an acquisition front. Obviously, AKASOL is really focused on the commercial vehicle and industrial space. And so, as they ramp up over the coming years, we'll get a tailwind from that in terms of a mix percentage perspective. But we're continuing to operate in that low-teens range in terms of a mix.
