Fred Lissalde: Joe, the major driver is actually from the engine group, better-than-expected new program launch and associated volume on small gasoline in Europe. That's the main driver.
Fred Lissalde: Yes. Yes it was difficult to forecast with the volatility of the market and it turned out to be better than expected.
Fred Lissalde: Yes, we think it is a true differentiating features because by -- not only developing and buying, but also manufacturing the three key elements of that iDM, we're able to design it smarter and make it smarter and make it lighter. And in those systems this is the interaction of those subsystems that make the product creating value in different shapes or form for our customers. So we think that it is going to be a differentiating factor and it has been for this business win.
Fred Lissalde: This one was a system. We also as you know are in production with what we call eDM which is transmission end motor. We're not forced to sell our system. We're happy to sell systems or subcomponents. What's important in this market is to understand the system in order to partner with our customers and sell them whatever they want. And we are in this position.
Fred Lissalde: So Europe, first of all, the second half of this year is stabilizing and it's a good thing. It's true that it's comparing to a rather weak second half of 2018. And we see no signs of WLTP disruption. Now as far as next year is concerned for RDE, I would say that it's difficult to forecast and we will give you our look in our Q4 call. The good news for us is that these standards in Europe will drive opportunity for our components and systems. So we see that as a plus. How this -- what will be the disturbance in 2020 due to the RDE validation remains to be seen. And again Noah, we'll give you some more color in our Q4 call.
Fred Lissalde: Yes. So we are in production with E-boosters since quite some time with Daimler and others. And it is pretty much also motor around the turbo and our own power electronics. It's also a system that requires understanding of turbo motor and power electronics. So we have that in our portfolio. That's the E-booster. We also have E-turbo in our portfolio. And we think that this market will see some daylight in the next years to come. We are -- we believe is that electrification of turbocharges will drive growth for us.
Fred Lissalde: Are you -- well, overall we're very global and we serve all markets around the world. There is not one customer’s that we don't serve. And to the extent that they use the same propulsion and they want to combine forces I think there are costs and benefits to both us and them. So we focus on what we can control and what we can control is carry on delivering great products that deliver value to any customers around the world.
Fred Lissalde: Yeah. Commercial vehicle overall is about 13%, 14% of our revenue. And it's very, very I would say fragmented around the three continents about a third in North America, a third in Europe, and the last third between China and Brazil. It's also very fragmented as far as Class 8 is concerned in off-highway and agricultural construction. And its true CV was down this quarter especially the Class 8. And we'll give you our view of 2020 in the Q4 call. But again, when you think about 14% or 13% of revenue for CV for BorgWarner don't associate that to U.S. Class 8. It's much more than that.
Fred Lissalde: Yes. We're managing our portfolio actively and we will do that going forward. From an M&A perspective, what drives our approach is the drive for technology in two elements: First would be scale and competencies in electronics; and secondly system focus and electric propulsion. So we do that very disciplined and it is a focus of us and we just carry on doing that.
Fred Lissalde: Again, we'll be opportunistic and -- but also very disciplined on how we see that. The drive will be technology. That's the punch line.
Fred Lissalde: Yes. And I think you're starting seeing evidence on the results in our Q3. And as Kevin alluded to we will give you some more updates in Q4 call. We started by looking at the SG&A and the corporate costs. And now we take a bit of a more aggressive look at our manufacturing costs and other structural costs and that's the picture that we're going to give you hopefully in early next year. So far on track.
Fred Lissalde: We are bullish on electrification overall. We think that the world is moving towards electrification. And for us with our portfolio it doesn't really matter if it's hybrid or electric. We are in a position to support the customers with whatever they want to do.
Fred Lissalde: You'll have a little bit of noise driven by incentives. And yes, we saw the EV pull in China getting a little bit choppy. But the contracts are still coming in and we think that the long-term outlook for electric vehicle as well as hybrids in China is very strong for us.
Kevin Nowlan: Yeah, I think it's – I mean, I think overall what I would tell you is as we look ahead obviously, the markets are looking a lot different than they were maybe a year ago at this time. And undoubtedly, that will have implications on the business. We'll give more updates on our longer-term outlook when we get into our Analyst Day in the spring upcoming. But at this point, we're not prepared to give guidance on that in terms of a long-range outlook. But I would say obviously market is – has changed from where we were a year ago in terms of our outlook.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, I think -- I mean a focus point of ours as I've talked about in my remarks is sustaining our strong margin profile. And obviously we -- as we indicated on the call, we expect that the markets are going to remain under pressure and challenged as we look ahead to 2020. So our continued focus on managing cost performance is going to be a key element of how we think about 2020. So when we give guidance in February, you can expect it to reflect that we expect the market to be under pressure and we're going to look at cost actions that are appropriate to take to make sure we sustain the margin profile we have.
Kevin Nowlan: It's a cash flow -- the entirety of the liability has been accrued on the balance sheet. And so what happens is when we have cash costs, it simply relieves the liability. So it's not P&L. It's purely cash. But it's obviously real cash going out of our pockets $45 million to $60 million every year.
Kevin Nowlan: They unfortunately happen to share the name Morse, but the Morse TEC entity that was transferred to Enstar has -- is a non-operating subsidiary of the company. So there is no portion of the operating business including the chain business that was transferred as part of this. It's still absolutely an important part of BorgWarner going forward.
Kevin Nowlan: That's called Morse Systems. It's the liability that happened to reside in a legal entity that had the name Morse TEC LLC. That's what's been transferred to Enstar. Non-operating, it really has the asbestos liabilities some environmental liabilities and then the cash and the insurance-related assets.
