Frédéric Lissalde: I think that this is the beauty of the strategy of being balanced across combustion, hybrid, electric, having the right portfolio and capitalizing from electrification acceleration, but also having great products on the combustion side that see additional take rate, within the combustion and also within hybrid.
Frédéric Lissalde: You never know. For example, diesel, diesel surprised us in Q4. And even if we don't think that this is a trend, those outgrowth from a quarter-over-quarter look is very, very tricky. So, I'm very confident with us marching toward the 500 basis points outgrowth mid-term. We have done that last year. This year, if you exclude the pre-buy and if you look at light vehicle will be at 440, and it is not going to be 500 exactly every year. But we are within that range and the backlog supports that 500 basis points outgrowth.
Frédéric Lissalde: Yes, feedback from customers is firstly saying, Hey, we understand the product, we understand the technology." And when you look at Slide 9, those are real programs and its significant revenue opportunity for us. So, I think customers are really liking the technology fit and this unique positioning that we will be able to have having mechanical rotating electrics and electronics at scale. John, I think it is a bit early to talk about win rates. But we feel good about the number of programs and the size of those programs.
Frédéric Lissalde: Yes, I would say that we run the business with return on invested capital. We don't see any differences, whether it is combustion, hybrid, electric. We are, as you have seen accelerating our restructuring program, and in order to be proactively mitigating risks that may happen. In this industry, things happen. And so, we are absolutely committed and confident that we can maintain the high level of margin that we have and the current margin profile. That is what we do in the restructuring program also.
Frédéric Lissalde: We see movement going both ways from customers around the world. Some that wanted to make motors are actually outsourcing motors and vice versa. But we feel that the 50% in-source versus outsource is about right.
Frédéric Lissalde: Rod, I will answer then I will turn it over to Kevin for giving you more color on cash. We all have been in this business for a long time. I have been in this business more than 30 years and things happen. You have to be proactive in those restructuring efforts. You have to implement proactive risk mitigation. We talked a little bit about pricing pressure coming from the towable side of our business. We don't see it worsening, but it is still the case. We are maintaining a very, very strong return on invested capital discipline. But the need of being competitive and the need of maintaining an overall long-term competitiveness is necessary. And that is why we do those proactive action.
Frédéric Lissalde: I think, Noah, our ability to move quickly is certainly the goal. The key is that we have identified the focus pursuits and we'd be able to move very swiftly once we can. It is not going to be something that is going to take a long time. We are understanding what we need. The technology from a relative perspective is state-of-the-art and we will be able to move quickly. We both have world-class product that we marry very well which other.
Frédéric Lissalde: Yes. We see, as I mentioned, we see an acceleration in electrified propulsion architecture. Not only that, but our hybrid programs that we are targeting as we speak. But those programs won't impact the backlog. It will start after.
Frédéric Lissalde: Okay. So, last year, the backlog [indiscernible] that CV was going to be flat. I missed the second part of your question, Brian. I apologize.
Frédéric Lissalde: I would say that this is consistent with the 500 basis-point average outgrowth year-over-year. I wouldn't see any change in the way we are presenting things. I'm not sure -.
Frédéric Lissalde: I would say that the average 500 basis points is a good way to get it. Maybe some color I can give you is some product breakdown from the backlog. So, 30% of the backlog is transmission products including DCTs and PX modules for hybrids. So, another 30% is all-wheel drive and couplings on combustion and hybrid, 20% is rotating electric component, which I think is very important, 5% is high voltage cabin and battery heaters, and 5% is turbos for gas and hybrid. Now, the big diesel impact. So, that is maybe some color that we have for you.
Frédéric Lissalde: I don't think you should think about anything north of 500 basis points year-over-year past 2020. So, I'm not sure how you are computing 700 plus basis points that you mentioned.
Frédéric Lissalde: Yes, I'm sorry. Yes, you said [Technical Difficulty] yes. And so in this backlog we have no CV growth. We have no growth embedded into the backlog. After 2020 we can see the CV flat.
Frédéric Lissalde: So, within the China backlog we are actually having nice backlog across combustion, hybrid and electric. If the backlog would go down, we will be more to market. And we don't see announced delays at this point in time.
Frédéric Lissalde: Yes, I would say that the majority of our Europe acceleration is going to be post 2023, with less represented in the full-year results, slight hybrid and will be way more represented in [indiscernible] and high voltage hybrid systems.
Frédéric Lissalde: I think we are taking a companywide approach on the restructuring. The consolidation of R&D centers or closure or continuation is doesn't mean that we are going to obviously and automatically reduce R&D in those fields. We feel good about our 4% to 4.5% of R&D as a percentage of sales. Some product lines have more than others, which is I think a good way to manage the portfolio, good way to manage the business. So again, it is companywide and it is not focused in one region in particular.
Frédéric Lissalde: They are pretty comp optimized. We have our own and they have their own and it does not interfere with each other. Project Pioneer is more focused into tech center consolidation from the Delphi technology standpoint. We have done our own from an SG&A standpoint that we announced back in April. And the one that we are talking about is more looking at cost of goods sold in some areas of the business. And so, it is, one way to look at it is really looking at it that they are disjointed.
Frédéric Lissalde: No, Emmanuel, I think it is fairly clear that the combination of Delphi Technologies and us from a mechanical motor, power electronics, puts us in a position that we can sort of - customers around the globe who won system. And on that Page 9, we are talking about customers who won system. So, with their world-class motor control and our world-class motor on transmission, it puts us in a position to accelerate those systems in a system revenue synergies. This just makes our product offering better, faster and at scale.
Frédéric Lissalde: There is not too many customers we don't work with around the globe. But due to maybe the size, that would certainly enhance the relationship of the customer we would do business with. First of all, the product offering would certainly enhance the relationship and so winning.
Kevin Nowlan: And I will comment on the last piece and maybe just to add to that. We as a company pride ourselves on the sustained strong margin profile we have had over a long period of time. I mean, 7 consecutive years of north of 12% operating margin. We take a lot of pride in being a top tier supplier from that perspective. And part of it is taking the proactive steps necessary to be able to sustain that margin over the long term. In terms of your question about cash, the amounts that we quoted on there, the $275 million to $300 million range that we provided is the potential restructuring cash cost.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, sure. When you look at that backlog and you see Europe at 10%, keep in mind this is the net backlog. So, it is pluses and minuses in there. And one of the big minuses, clearly, that we continue to have in the European business is the impact of diesel. And so, we are overcoming that with this backlog because it is net of the diesel headwind. The diesel headwind, I think you should think into totality being about 20 points impact on the backlog. Now, if diesel we are sustaining itself there, there'd be some offset on the gas side, but not completely. But that is about a 20 point headwind purely associated with the diesel portfolio.
Kevin Nowlan: In isolation, if I don't assume any offsets in gas or other things, if I just look at how much lower the backlog is as a result of diesel coming down, it is about 20 points.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I would say really focused on the turbo side in particular. But there would be offset on the gas side as well, not one for one, but there would be an offset. But that is the gross impact of diesel, correct.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, I will start with that and maybe I will ask Fred to comment on the hybrid and electric trajectory in total. But the number we quoted there in terms of the 15% down is purely markets. So, if you look at what our 2020 expectations were a year ago at this time versus where we are sitting today, I mean, based on what is happened in 2019 and then in 2020, China is down 25% from those expectations, North America is down about 6% and Europe is down about 10%. So, the blended impact of purely production on the backlog and our mix of the backlog relative to those production levels coming down is about 15%. And that has nothing to do with how we see combustion hybrid over electric.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I think, I mean, we still haven't finalized all those plans. We are still working through the - taking the appropriate steps that we need to before we actually firm up some of these plants. So, there is a little bit of potential timing uncertainty, I will say, in terms of when the cash comes in. But I think you should think in our cash flow planning guidance for this year, we are probably in the $50 million to $100 million range from a cash restructuring perspective.
Kevin Nowlan: Well, I think what we are saying about the pull forward is - remember, when we are looking at the backlog measure like this, we are looking at a year-over-year basis. And so, the fact that we saw 950 basis points of light vehicle outgrowth in the fourth quarter is something we weren't anticipating. And so, if you look at the annual effect of that on 2020 as you are doing a year-over-year comparison, that creates probably about $140 million impact on the backlog.
Kevin Nowlan: Effectively and get our backlog and revenue outgrowth in the year-over-year. So, the jump off point for the comparative period is that much higher, which we didn't anticipate as we entered 2019, it came in a lot stronger. So, for the full-year, we delivered 530 basis points of outgrowth, 580 on a light vehicle basis, and that was well above what we were guiding to throughout the year. Now, as we head into 2020, that is a year-over-year headwind as you do a comparison of your backlog in 2020 versus 2019.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I mean, I think, both segment saw pretty strong margins in the fourth quarter. I don't view fourth quarter margins is necessarily something you should expect quarter-to-quarter. We typically have strong results in the fourth quarter driven by certain things with respect to supply chain recoveries that oftentimes come in later in the year, performance initiatives, as well as we had quite a bit in the way of R&D customer recoveries, which came in the fourth quarter across both segments, which is part of the reason you saw net R&D down. And those tend to be lumpier toward the back half of the year than the front half. So as we jump into the new year, we are very focused on sustaining our strong margin profile. But I don't think you should think of that margin in Q4 as the jump off point for 2020.
Kevin Nowlan: No, I mean I think we are expecting that we are going to deliver 500 basis points on average over that three year period. Some years might be a little higher, a little lower. There is not dramatic differences between any one of those given years in the backlog period. But right now, we are looking at sustaining that 500 basis points each year over the three year horizon.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. And just so you understand what is in our guidance, I mean, our guidance effectively reflects the production disruptions we have seen to date both through end of January and first couple of weeks of February. As you look beyond that, there is obviously still a lot of uncertainty in terms of how that plays out. We have some of our production facilities running and some are not right now. Our China business is about $1 billion annually in revenue, which means it is about $35 million a week. So, if production disruptions continue through the back end of February and into March, there could be additional pressure on our China revenue. But I think you touched on an important point, how could that spillover to Europe and North America? I think that is a big unknown. And the longer there is production disruption in China, the more risk it poses on OE production across the globe. So, there is a lot of uncertainty around that at the moment. We will continue to monitor this day-to-day and week-to-week. But that type of production disruption, because of the uncertainty is not embedded in our guidance at the moment, just the disruptions we have seen to-date.
Kevin Nowlan: And Chris, let me just clarify to 2020, because I know a lot of us are focused on the headline number we have talked about a 150 to 250 basis points of revenue outgrowth. I mean, keep in mind in that is a 100 basis points of headwind associated with commercial vehicle, just with markets and from our perspective being down about 7% year-over-year. So, the light vehicle outgrowth embedded in our 2020 guide is 250 to 350 basis points. But that, again, as I was talking about in response to Brian's question, that is being impacted by the pull forward we saw in the Q4, the significant outgrowth in Q4 which is creating year-over-year headwind. Without that Q4 pull forward, our light vehicle outgrowth in 2020 would be between 400 and 500 basis points. A little bit lower than the 500 we are guiding to as being on average over 2021 to 2023, but not significantly different. So, I think you have to walk that 150 to 250 we are guiding to in totality and adjust for those two effects to understand how to really think about 2020 and put it in the context of the 2023 guide.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, with respect to that, because I think it just depends on how this plays out over the coming weeks. I think, as you think about our China business, remember, it is about $1.08 billion in revenue on an annualized basis, which is about $35 million a week in revenue. And so, as we look ahead, we actually have eight or nine production facilities there, some of them are open, some of them aren't right now. If the production disruption continues through the end of the month, there is that risk to the China revenue. But the bigger risk could be longer term if this extends into end of February and into March, does it spill over and have effects on OE production around the globe. Because the OEs undoubtedly rely on China production, not just from us, but from other suppliers as well. And I think that is where we continue to watch it day-to-day, week-to-week. And we will have more to update once we get through the end of the quarter.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, I will take that. The first thing I think you have to also remember is there is amortization of purchase price amortization of intangibles, that is a piece of the equation as well, which I think we guided to be about $65 million to $75 million on a pre-tax basis. That number obviously would be finalized once we get the closing. But I think you also have to realize that flows through operating margin. And so, that is a headwind to margin. When you look at Delphi Technologies and what they have talked about from a restructuring perspective, our perspective on that was they have a good program in place in terms of addressing some of the margin issues in the business, but our belief is that they are going to meet some of those restructuring actions to be able to sustain their margin profile as opposed to being purely additive to their margin profile. And then as you look at our restructuring initiatives, as Fred mentioned, we view those as proactive measures to address risks that could pop up in the business. Couldn't tell you even sitting here today what those might be. But then, we are taking proactive measures opportunistically today to make sure we sustain our strong margin profile long into the future. So, that is why we are not looking at it and saying, we will just add that to our current margin performance. We view that it is potentially going to be something that we need to do to sustain that strong margin profile we have had for a long period of time.
Kevin Nowlan: No, I would say there is nothing I would say from a product mix perspective that stands out that causes us to say: "Wow, this is $90 million to $100 million of profit improvement, we need to offset that. But we just know there is risk inherent in this industry that Fred has been managing a lot longer than I have. But we thought it was the right time in this challenging end market environment to take actions prudently and proactively to position ourselves for long-term competitiveness.
Kevin Nowlan: I wouldn't think about it that way. I mean, I think you are right. The backlog is disproportionate to the Drivetrain business, that is absolutely the case and that is by design of how we have been growing the company, particularly in the H&E products. But I think the incrementals, as you think about the two businesses are fairly comparable. I think we have just started from a lower base, especially as we have been investing in the Drivetrain product portfolio. So, I think as we increment on the incremental revenue, I think you should expect that it is going to have similar types of incrementals that you would expect for the company in total. And from an ROIC perspective, yes, we manage the business the same way we drive for similar levels of ROIC. We are pretty disciplined about that in all the appropriation request that Fred and I review, whether it is a Drivetrain program or an Engine program.
Kevin Nowlan: I mean I guess you can see already in 2020, we are anticipating an increase in R&D investment in the year, up $30 plus million, if you look at the midpoint of our guidance. And that is using some of the savings or basically offsetting some of the savings that we are anticipating in 2020 coming from restructuring. But that doesn't mean we are anticipating permanent step-ups from there even in R&D. I think when we look at the restructuring initiatives in the savings, we are simply being proactive to guard against the risk, whether it is increased R&D over time, whether it was something else that popped up in the business that we didn't anticipate. But I would say sitting here today, we continue to expect that we will manage R&D in that low to mid 4% range going forward. And that is the right way to think about the business.
