Ken Lamb: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning and thank you all for joining us. We issued our earnings release this morning at around 8:00 AM Eastern Time. It’s posted on our website, borgwarner.com, on our Investor Relations home page. A replay of today’s conference call will be available through November 6. The dial-in number for that replay is 800-585-8367. You’ll need the conference ID, which is 32249261 or you can listen to the replay on our website. With regard to our Investor Relations calendar, we will be attending the following conferences between now and our next earnings release. The Baird Industrials Conference in Chicago on November 9th, the Goldman Sachs Global Automotive Conference in London on December 3rd, and the Deutsche Bank Auto Industry Conference in Detroit on January 13th. A reminder our net new business announcement will not be in November but will be combined with our full year guidance announcement in January. Synchronizing the timing of these announcements ensures that our one year and three-year outlooks will be based on the same program volume, currency and launch timing assumptions, improving the link between the two. This is a permanent change going forward. Now, back to today’s earnings release. Before we begin, I need to inform you that during this call, we may make forward-looking statements which involve risks and uncertainties as detailed in our 10-K. Our actual results may differ significantly from the matters discussed today. Now, moving on to our results, James Verrier, President and CEO, will review highlights of our quarterly operating results, as well as some of our recent noteworthy accomplishments. And then Ron Hundzinski, our CFO, will discuss the details of our quarterly results. Please note that we have posted a set of supplementary financial charts to the IR page of the website. You will find the link to this document at the Events & Presentation section beneath the notice for this conference call. We encourage you to follow along with these charts during Ron's discussion of our results. With that, I'll turn it over to James.
Ken Lamb: Thanks, Ron. We are going to now move to the Q&A portion of the call. Melissa, please remind everyone of the Q&A procedure.
Ken Lamb: Thanks, James. This is Ken. Based on the preamble of your question you are not expecting a lot I think. But we want to be as transparent as we can be about where we think we are throughout next year. So let's talk about the math a little bit. So rough math, this year's backlog is coming in at about 55% of what we expected coming into the year. Now with the conditions that caused that lower growth persist into next year and you know the conditions I am referring to is our business in China and commercial vehicles. Then we can reasonably assume that the backlog will come down similar levels next year. So essentially what we are saying is that's about cutting it in half. Then once you layer on the potential impact of other macro risk factors, it's reasonable to expect that we are looking at low-to-mid single-digit growth next year. Now regarding these other macro factors, if you look at the last five years we have had recessions, natural disasters, debt crisis, currency devaluations, business disruptions at some of our largest customers, just to name a few. The magnitude of the impact of these factors has varied for us but they all have had an impact. We intend to do a better job accounting for these risks in our guidance going forward. Did that answer your question.
Ken Lamb: Well I don’t know that we have any data -- numeric data to attach to that. We just want you to know that that's something that we are definitely going to be considering as we come through with guidance next year.
Ken Lamb: I think that's right. So the low-to-mid single digit growth was on the base business and then later on Remy on top of that.
Ken Lamb: So the way I want to frame this is we provided that sort of directional guidance to help you think about where things may land. As far as the split of backlog, how much is going to be Asia, how much is Europe-North America, how much of its push out and how much of it is just program cuts, you got to give us a little bit of time to work through that. I think as we sit here today Asia as a percentage of the backlog is coming down. That's the market where we are having the most impact from what's going in the world today. In commercial vehicle the percentage of the backlog is also very likely coming down. Let us hold through that, what we wanted was to people to have a good sense for where we think we're headed next year. We will give more details in January.
Ken Lamb: Well. Sure. If you want to kind of recap the year and the things that affected the backlog we talked about primarily China, our mix of business in China. We have talked about the commercial vehicle issues around the world. We had some issues with the Asia launches that were coming down last year. We had some mix issues in North America as well. As I kind of go over those four or five topics, the two persistent ones is the impact of China and commercial vehicles. The mix issue in North America, we think that's going to normalize with the F150 coming back on screen for us. And the Asia launches that's all linked to China. China kind of drives that whole market anyway. So let us continue to do some work on that. But I think you are speaking about it correctly. We just have to work through the numbers for you.
Ken Lamb: I think we are $1.20 [texture]. But the European portion of the backlog was pretty small. It was remember coming into the year we thought it was going to be what 15% of the backlog. So the euro while it came down significantly, it didn’t move the backlog number.
Ken Lamb: It's a great question. So let me answer it this way. So the part where we were talking about making sure that we account for macro rich factors in our backlog, I think that it's fair to say that we intend to apply that thinking to the entire backlog. Now the actual cutting the backlog in half directionally and how that applies to the out years of the backlog is still under development. I can directionally that's probably a pretty fair way to think about it. We have to continue to work through that. But we expect the backlog in those out years to also come down kind of at similar level but again we have to work through that. I am going to let James speak to the 2020 target of $15 billion, but that's kind of in the next few years is kind of the way we are thinking about it.
Ken Lamb: Yes. That's a good clarification there. So that's a good way to think about it. Our view in diesel has been pretty well-established in the backlog. We brought that up last year, I am sure you remember when we came out with the new backlog back in 2014. So yes, the changes are mostly happening in the areas that we talked about, which would be China and commercial vehicle. Diesel's kind of already built into that. And to James' point earlier, the impact of the Volkswagen issue is diminished. So that's not expected to impact our backlog as we sit here today. So I think as you think about it that the Europe is probably as a percentage of the total backlog is going to go higher because that feels like probably the most stable region for us out of the three between the Americas, Asia and Europe.
Ken Lamb: I am going to start this and Ron can follow up. You know a couple of things for Q4. First of all you are right, the F150 is kind of a major mover of our growth in Q4 which was last year and also you have to remember Q4 2014 is where we took a major currency hit. That's when this all kind of started and then that dissipating relative to the previous quarters. So the impact of currency year-over-year is a little bit less, so that's helping us a little bit on the growth side.
Ken Lamb: I will take part two of that. So the commentary that we had made around $0.70 on a $1 of content for advanced gasoline engines versus diesel, that's kind of a direct comment on our mix of business in Europe diesel versus gas, okay. Two other factors, that gap is closing over time. There is going to be more and more content on gas engines as we continue to evolve in that market. We have seen that happening over the last few years and that's going to continue going forward. And secondly our market share for gasoline turbochargers is higher than it is for diesel today and it's only continuing to get stronger going forward. So that's going to give us a bit of a lift as we see the shift from diesel towards gas. A few points higher for gas than it is for diesel.
Ken Lamb: I’d like to thank all again for joining us. We expect to file our 10-Q before the end of the day, which will provide details of our results. If you have any follow-up questions about our earnings release, with the matters discussed during this call or our 10-Q, please direct them to me. Melissa, please close out the call.
Ron Hundzinski: Rich, I will say at this point it was a really good quarter, but the overall intent is for upward trajectory on margins in that segment, right. First thing I would note is that we did get a little bit favorability from North America F1 50 obviously because the volumes have returned, that also is driving some of the upper movement in that segment.
Ron Hundzinski: So these negative there, I agree that it should be above 12%, John. The DCT plant is a Western OEM and at this point of all the headwinds we have had in DCT in China that's really basically the last one left, I would just say it that way. But we will give more color on that impact as I said in my script and will actually articulate exactly that headwind that we might see next year. But the bottom line is that the margin going forward should be known for that 12%.
Ron Hundzinski: Well, again, this movement in free cash flow, the combination of a little bit in earnings and a little bit items on the balance sheet movement. But to get back to the more important question right now we surely intend to be more aggressive. If you look at the year-to-date number it's not a well represented number because we had a self-imposed blackout period during the Remy acquisition. Our intent quite frankly is to be more aggressive given where the stock price is, I can just say that John.
Ron Hundzinski: In a down market and actually the comparable was to our customers in that market was down 12 and we were flat even though the market was four.
Ron Hundzinski: Because remember we had modest growth in both of those regions in the light vehicle area. Both North America and Europe we did grow modestly, and obviously in commercial vehicles not much growth at all.
Ron Hundzinski: On just really good operational performance. I mean we had a good third quarter. As you can see we are anticipating that to continue that performance level. So that we didn't feel that we need to take down the margin when the sales came down that we could still hold the margin. And it's probably through just good operations performance that's what's going on there Brett.
Ron Hundzinski: Sure. So remember in the second quarter we were seeing -- while first and second quarter and actually last year we're seeing anywhere from about $3 million I think the high was what $7 million, $8 million in the third quarter headwinds and it was bouncing around some time to be $4 million or $5 million. I think the worst stretch was that second quarter around $7 million of headwinds. It's somewhere between this $3 million to $7 million. The first time we saw it was a year ago in the third and was at $3 million, I referred in my script. So it's been between that number $3 million to $7 million. Now I am not seeing all that dissipate all 7 or 5 whatever number you use but the majority of that will. Some of it's normal activity that we have always things going on but majority is going to dissipate as we go into next year.
Ron Hundzinski: That $9 million was what we have -- first I think $9 million is the worst we are going to see quite frankly and that was in the second quarter. So it was bouncing between actually probably $5 million to $7 million was really the average, $9 million was the high end. Now again you can't just take simple $6 million to $7 million take that off the table, but some good portion of that will off the table.
Ron Hundzinski: No impact. That's well the year-over-year difference was favorable, right, that's what drove the high 120 basis points of improvement in the Drivetrain segment because we didn’t have that headwind. So it is a good example of what we are trying to talk about here and why the incremental was 90%.
Ron Hundzinski: I think if you do the math it will be down slightly sequentially more in line with what you saw in the better half of the year.
Ron Hundzinski: I think that the math indicates that the fourth quarter organic growth about foreign currency is around 5% which is slightly above year-to-date average I guess at this point. I think that's how the math works out. Not -- I think you had a higher number.
James Verrier: Rich, this is James. Maybe what I will do is take a shot if I can and just giving you a little bit of high level commentary and then I want to ask Ken to talk maybe a little bit more specifically about maybe some of the math about how to think about the details of the backlog if that works for you. So I think, as we kind of transition through this year first of all and we are looking to pinpoint mid-single-digit type of growth which clearly is pretty decent. The two headwinds that we really faced from a macro point as we have gone through the year are commercial vehicle and China. China being obviously the bigger piece of that. So those are the two kind of headwinds that we have kind of have faced this year. I think it's fair to say as you look at commercial vehicle going into next year we are not looking for meaningful improvement in those end markets. I think in China what we are looking for from a light vehicle perspective as we look to next year in China, Rich, is 3% to 5% type growth rate of the market in China. As you know our content will grow well above that market rate in China because of the adoption of our technology. So we are looking for a strong growth here in China next year and that coupled with other elements of our backlog we are looking for a good growth here next year. But I am going to ask Ken to just put a little bit more detailed commentary around that so he can help you from a math point, Rich.
James Verrier: Yes. John this is James here. It was about $1.2 billion is the approximate revenue stream that we were expecting to generate from Remy. Obviously we are going through the [close pressure] so we are going through some additional validations and we will bring a more accurate number of course for the meeting in January. But we are not expecting a meaningful shift away from that $1.2 billion number, is a good way to think of it John.
James Verrier: So we have been very clear about our objective is to get mid-teens incremental. So if you take sales and assign mid teens incremental that's the starting point. Now so some of the items that are going to be a tailwind for us, these inefficiencies we would see in for three quarters this year and we said that those inefficiencies will be tailwinds for us. So you take the mid-teens incrementals and then add in the inefficiencies that will now be headwinds and they will be on top of it. So the end result would be higher than mid-teens incremental margins going into next year.
James Verrier: Okay. Let me take a shot at that and answer this answer. I think know maybe which OEM you maybe referring to and the answer is we have not. We have seen no impact on any of our product development activities and we have really not seen anything relative to the engineering activity or launch activity with the customer that I think you are referring to.
James Verrier: Yes. Thanks for the question. If I can, I think this is kind of an important issue relative to specifically I think the two things that I would like to just address to the group here. The first one is, the Volkswagen specific emissions issue. I think it would be good for us to put some context on that and how that impacts or potentially impacts BorgWarner. Secondly, I will talk a little bit more generically around diesel specifically and any concerns that maybe an overhang on diesel. So let me start with Volkswagen and I think it's really important that I try and provide again some additional clarity and transparency around this. If I start with the Volkswagen business for BorgWarner it represents about 16% of our total revenue of the company. Significantly 4% of our total sales were a quarter of the Volkswagen business is tied to light vehicle diesel engine products. So I hope that provides a little bit of clarity. So what's really kind of in debate so to speak is about 4% of the total business for BorgWarner on diesel light vehicle products for Volkswagen. When we look from the BorgWarner perspective of the affected engines that have been disclosed by Volkswagen that breaks down to less than 0.5% of total revenue for BorgWarner. I think this is really a critical point I am trying to make because I know you guys have been trying to wrestle with that what's the exposure, what’s the impact to BorgWarner and again the affected engines that Volkswagen have publicly talked about that breaks down to about 0.5% or less of our total revenue stream. If anybody would like a little bit more clarity and color on how we get to the 0.5% please feel free to follow-up because Ken's happy to provide that additional level of detail. So when I say that it frames it from a BW perspective it's really not a particularly meaningful impact. On top of that I want to be clear that from a schedule and releases perspective to Volkswagen we have seen no impact. We have seen no adjustments, no impact on our schedules. Furthermore I think the other point I will point out relative to specifically on the Volkswagen issue. Our opinion is as they go through the recall transition efforts next year we see that there will be no impact on BorgWarner because our products are not involved in any of the recall solutions. So hopefully that just gives you a little bit of clarity and a little bit of color. The message fundamentally to that issue is we are not seeing an impact. Now let me quickly transition and take a moment just to talk about the broader perspective of diesel. So I think it's fair to say we have been talking over the last couple of years that the slowdown in diesel adoption has been expected. We have seen that and proactively been managed around that. We still see that transition around a [slowing] adoption of diesel being a relatively slower trend over several years and part of that is because we still see diesel being a key element of the customer's plans to get to the fuel economy and emissions standards. I want to also give you a little bit of clarity and color, light vehicle diesel sales is about 15% to 20% of total BorgWarner just to give you a frame. So what we are talking about here is what's in play of diesel is about 15% to 20% of total BorgWarner revenue. So that's important. As we -- as the transition moves from diesel to gas we have talked quite openly about this, that in the short run as this transition occurs the way to think of it on a diesel engine for BorgWarner, BorgWarner related on a comparable advanced gasoline engine, BorgWarner gets about 70% of the content on a gas engine versus a diesel engine currently. That actually over time is evolving because we are having more and more content to gasoline engines, such as ETR valves and ETR coolers. So over the long run and I am talking two, three, five years, gas-diesel will become a relatively neutral event from the BorgWarner perspective. I know I have shared quite a lot of information there but I think I do recognize from the various conversations how important those two issues are relative to BorgWarner and I wanted to take some time to clarify that and hopefully that did. And of course if there is any follow-up questions we could take those now or later through Ken.
James Verrier: I think Ken explained that very well. Let me say a couple of things that I think may help a little bit here Itay, because what you are hearing is, you are hearing that there is some macro headwinds sort of a challenge for us a little bit right. It's primarily again China and its commercial vehicle. What I would say is important for people to think about it is, what you are not hearing about is the adoption rates of our technology slowing because we have not seen that We are still seeing continued strong desire and adoption rates for all of our products at a similar rate. That's when we talked you to what we have -- we probably have been talking about the last couple of years. The reason that's important that still gives us tremendous confidence actually as we look out to the future for the growth of the product. We do recognize this year we faced some headwinds and as Ken said that will spill into '16 and somewhat into '17. But again the adoption rates of our products remain very, very strong from the technology point of view, which leads us to have very good confidence in mid-single-digit growth outlook. Again part of the $15 billion by 2020 is additional acquisitions that we remain focused on. So the fundamental story here, Itay, is not changing. BorgWarner's technology adoption is strong. We are going to be a strong growth company but we are in a little bit of a transition period this year and somewhat into next year as well. But still delivering single-digit growth which we feel is very strong in this industry and clearly obviously we are converting that into strong EPS performance.
James Verrier: Yes. Certainly Joe, we sure saw some of the information and we pay a lot of attention to that of course. Frankly at this stage we have not seen I would say meaningful increased pressure specifically around pricing reductions and those types of things. I think our mindset right now, Joe, is it may likely intensify as we go forward. But our belief right now is that we can push back and contain that and stay somewhat in the range of [indiscernible] we have done over many years which is in the 1.5% to 2%. So quick answer, yes, we expect the intensity to come. We feel comfortable about our ability to deal with that and not deviate from our historical annual [IRF] type numbers that we provided.
James Verrier: I would say that our objective has always been mid-teens. Now the question is how you define mid-teens. But I would say that Engine still has room for improvement.
James Verrier: Well we have a couple of things. One is the growth and being able to convert in the mid-teens is above the average now. That's one area. The second one which is probably more important is the Wahler acquisition is going to gain momentum as time goes on. And quite frankly somewhat of a drag on our margins now as we go forward and then become a double-digit business that will start to move margins up. And then someday I don’t know when commercial vehicle might actually start being a net tailwind for us and that will obviously start driving margins up too. But I am not going to predict that for '16, that's somewhere down the road.
James Verrier: Yes. We are Patrick. The only thing really left is the regulatory approval from China which we didn’t process. So we are anticipating an early to mid November closing is what we are on track for as it stands today. So we are looking forward to that for sure.
James Verrier: Yes. But we have some other offsets going on that we anticipate in the fourth quarter on the costs side that probably might bring that down right now. So that's booked in the guidance. If you do the math on the guidance you will have slightly lower margins in the fourth -- from the third but it will be more in line what you saw in the first half of the year. I am going to even go one step further. You can see that our SG&A expense was quite lower in Q3 and we don’t think that's going to be the run rate going into Q4. The Q4 run rate for SG&A is probably going to be more like the average over the three quarters for the first part of the year. If that helps and certainly in the SG&A line in there.
