Kevin Nowlan: No. I mean as we look at it overall, we're pleased with the fact that our margin percentage on a full year basis we took the bottom end of the guide up and held the top end of the guide despite some of the eProduct revenue pressure. As you look at it, what it implies at the high end of the range is Q4 is right in line with where we've been on a year-to-date basis at 9.6%. And at the bottom end of the range, we're seeing effectively a sequential decline in revenue, and we're just generating negative conversion on that. So I don't think there's anything out of the ordinary on that.
Kevin Nowlan: I can talk about the others. I think you had a question about -- on the foundational and if there's a longer tail on that, are there opportunities there. I think you were maybe alluding to pricing. I mean, overall, our objective as part of Charging Forward 2027 is to sustain that strong margin profile we've had in the business. And that means we look at all aspects of the P&L, whether it's on the cost side or the pricing side to make sure that we're driving towards that. And so we'll continue to work with our suppliers, we'll work with our customers to make sure that we're executing successfully on that. And then the last thing I think you asked about was on EV contracts and how they're structured, particularly in light of some of these volume shortfalls. As we've talked about in the past, one of the things that we've made at a particular area of focus when we book new business on E because of a lot of the uncertainty around the ramp-up of E programs is to make sure that we put volume clauses in those agreements. And those volume clauses traditionally work like they've worked historically for us in a way where if volumes are outside a certain band, then there is a discussion that happens between us and our customer about how we ensure that we recoup investment or pricing or some other adjustment to make sure that we're not out for the fact that the revenue came in significantly short. So as we head into 2024, we're going through our planning process right now. You can imagine that's something we're thinking about.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. A couple of things on that. I mean one of the things that we showed in Investor Day, and it continues to be our plan, is that the pace at which the investments are growing is slowing for us which is why we expect to get the scale benefit flowing through the P&L as eProduct revenue ramps up. And you can actually see that happening this year, even while we're seeing a year-over-year increase in eProduct-related R&D as we've talked about in that range of $60 million to $70 million. As you look at it sequentially each of the last couple of quarters, it's actually been only growing about 2% to 4% the last couple of quarters. And it will be relatively flat to slightly up in the fourth quarter on a sequential basis, point being the pace at which we're seeing the growth in the investments isn't growing as quickly as the pace we expect revenue to grow. And that's the path to profitability. Now in terms of what we might do going forward, just -- it's important to keep in mind, we're in the midst of our annual budgeting and long-range planning process right now. And as we're going through that process, we will continue to look at what, if any, adjustments we need to make to manage the profitability of the business over the near term and the medium term, but importantly, balancing it to the point you made: making sure that we're balancing it with the need to ensure we're executing on the long term. Because we continue to believe that the long-term outlook and trajectory for electrification looking out through 2017 and beyond remains intact. So we'll go through that process, and we'll provide you more insight on how we're seeing that when we get on the Q4 call in February.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I mean, I think it's fair to think about it in the short term much the same way we characterize it in the long term at Investor Day. I think we -- with the content opportunity per vehicle that we have on electrification, as the pace of electrification accelerates, it provides us an opportunity to grow our revenue more quickly, but it probably puts a little bit more pressure on the absolute margin percentage that we're delivering. But if electrification across the industry slows down a little bit, it probably slows the revenue growth, but it probably improves our margin profile. You saw that a little bit maybe here in the full year 2023 guidance that we have, but that's consistent with our long-term view as well. I think overall, taking a big step back, we feel like -- that's why we think our portfolio is really resilient from a financial perspective. Because whether EV adoption is accelerating or decelerating, the portfolio is positioned to deliver comparable levels of adjusted operating income over the long term under any of those outcomes.
Kevin Nowlan: We're not prepared to address a specific margin in 2025. I think we showed you, though, the long-term trajectory of what it could look like as you head out to 2030. We tend to think that we're going to operate into the mid-9s trending towards 10% margin as we look through our planning horizon and then being plus or minus that depending on where the ePropulsion markets actually go. But not prepared at this point to comment on '25.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I mean, overall, as we've talked about in the past, we're really focused on the organic growth. And before, we were guiding to 12% to 15% effectively, and now we're at 12% to 14%. So we feel pretty good about that. The biggest driver of the drop in revenue and any of outgrowth math that you would do is really that $300 million drop in the eProducts revenue outlook. We have also factored in some element of the impact of the UAW strike that we've incurred to date and assume that, that doesn't recover through the end of the year. It's less than $100 million, but it's still an impact on the company and embedded in the numbers as well.
Kevin Nowlan: Both. It's less than $100 million, but it's still an impact on the guide. But it's in the fourth quarter. We didn't really have any impact -- any material impact in Q3.
Kevin Nowlan: Joe, just to add to that. I mean, yes, as you look at -- we're still in the early days of growth from an electrification perspective at BorgWarner. And so those quarterly moves right now, until we get to more scale, have a significant impact. And as you look at right now through really 2025, maybe even into 2026, it's a big ramp-up phase for BorgWarner while we're still at a relatively modest level of revenue. And so some of those movements in launches and ramp-up timing can have a meaningful impact on the numbers in a quarter or for a particular year.
Kevin Nowlan: It's really across regions. I mean, we've gone back and, as Fred mentioned, taken a look program by program and looked at what we think the cadence is likely to be for some of those launches in light of some of the things that we're seeing in terms of near-term headwinds. And as we look at that and assess what we think the likely ramp up is, we think it probably puts us more on track towards that $5 billion level. But as Fred also indicated, the reason we're giving a range now as we've layered on an incremental risk to say what if there are further delays, particularly on the ePropulsion portfolio in terms of those launches getting delayed another X number of months. And that's what we've layered on to get to the $4.5 billion as a downside to that range.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I mean, I think as we look at where we think the biggest pressure is, most of it is really hitting in the ePropulsion segment. As we look at the battery pack business, for instance, we actually think -- continue to see really strong demand there relative to our prior planning assumptions. And it's really more of a supply-constrained situation there than a demand-constrained situation at the moment. So it does tend to be more in the ePropulsion segment where we're seeing some of the headwinds.
Frederic Lissalde: Colin, I think you're right. The portfolio is resilient, and that's exactly why we've structured it that way. And that's what we presented in the Capital Market Day. And it's resilient under a wide range of scenario. And I think what you see also this year is an example of what happens, E going down and and actually margin is slightly going up. And you see that the top line is somehow resilient too. So this is absolutely the purpose of the portfolio the way it's laid out. We have a great portfolio to enable growth in E. But if you see a slowdown, the products that we have in combustions are going to generate proceeds, cash and earnings.
Frederic Lissalde: A lot of questions, John, in one question. Let me take it in pieces. So first, '23, '25, '27, right? That's a bit of your question. So '23, when you look at the reduction, it's mostly in our ePropulsion segment. It's coming from, as you mentioned, timing of launches and volume reduction, volume reduction in ramp-up. And since we're launching a lot of new products, a delay has a big impact in the quarter and a delay -- and a ramp-up change has a big impact in the quarter. We continue to see volume pressures. But if you take a step back, in fact, it was still growing 40% year-over-year. So that allows us to. When you look at beyond 2023, we've looked at program by program looking at '25. And from what I remember, we announced 29 programs in June, and we booked more programs. seeing a lot of programs. What we see potential delays and downsides enjoy '22 to '23. In '27, we have a strong new business that will be very comfortable with p '25, the launching '25, '26, '27. And so we see a path to $10 billion. But also we've structured the portfolio to be resilient under a wide range of scenario. Again, when you look at the CAGR, '25 to '27, if you take out $1.7 billion of acquisition that we've also taken into account in the $10 billion, CAGR is about 35%, which is a little lower than '22 to '23. That's why we feel comfortable about the fact that the long-term prospect is unchanged. Yes, I think you had a question...
Frederic Lissalde: Emmanuel, so for 2023, it's obviously linked to EDIs and schedules and detailed discussions that we have with our customers. It's the same for '25. '25 is a bottom-up line-by-line analysis of programs by programs and launch timing accuracy and discussion with our customers. '25 revenue is just around the corner. So we know pretty well, and we see pretty well through when the customers are going to actually launch those programs and the impact that this has on 2025.
Frederic Lissalde: Emmanuel, we're launching globally. It's just not the North American OEMs. As we mentioned before, we're launching programs -- around 35 new programs that we've announced over the past quarters with 7 out of the 10 largest OEMs in the electrification area and a few others outside of the top 10. So the view that we have is a real global view. As you remember, we were pretty relevant in China and still are. We're launching a lot of new products in Europe, and we're launching in North America. But our view is very global.
Frederic Lissalde: We've always been a player in hybrid powertrain, in essentially high-voltage plug-in hybrids, a few range extender programs in China. This product portfolio is absolutely relevant for BEVs and hybrids. And in hybrids, most of the combustion products that we had also see a path because there is no hybrid without an efficient combustion engine. Our content per vehicle on hybrid is pretty similar than the ones that you have on BEV. So electrification accelerates our growth, whether it's BEV or hybrids. We've always seen a traction on hybrids, and we're happy to be on some key platforms globally on hybrid powertrains.
Frederic Lissalde: One thing I would add is, as we presented in our Capital Market Day, with the scale that we have and the number of programs that we're launching and developing globally, that allows us to really implement a very modular design approach that builds from from previous developments and also very flexible and modular production strategies. And that's very important when we grow and scale up.
Frederic Lissalde: Yes. And we are leveraging the existing footprint that we have. As we discussed before, so far, we are leveraging 25% of our existing facilities around the globe to launch eProducts. And that gives us some flexibility from a facility, from a four-wall perspective. But we also are focusing a lot on flexible manufacturing, where we're not investing production equipment for a particular program, a particular customer but having several types of products flowing through production lines, whether it is power electronics-related, motor-related or, I would say, transmission- or iDMs-related. So we are pretty pleased with what we are doing as far as leveraging the existing capacities and capabilities, including human capabilities.
Frederic Lissalde: Dan, we're starting seeing that. And as you mentioned, I think this makes sense. We have a very solid and recognized portfolio. We're already incumbent at many customers, and we have the financial strength to support them. So I would not call it a trend, but I would say that we're seeing beginnings of discussion along those lines. And I would say that the major onboard charger business that we have announced today that we booked with a global North American OEM is a sign of that.
Frederic Lissalde: Joe, I think there is a difference between what we see in fine-tuning the timing of launches and ramp-up and overall, what you see in the Chinese market -- what you can read in the Chinese market. And so the impact of a quarter delay in a launch is 100% of impact in the quarter. And so that's why it's a little volatile. That's what I would tell you. This is what we see on the ground with slightly slower ramp-up and a few programs that are delayed by a few months.
Frederic Lissalde: So we will always assess M&A from a technology standpoint. I would say that we are at the verge of closing a transaction that we've already announced that will give us even more strength on accessory power electronics. I would say that the current market does not change our appetite on M&A towards E. And I would say the current environment might also help us from a valuation perspective. And we're always going to stay very opportunistic along those lines but also very, very disciplined as we've always been.
