Kenneth Lamb: Thanks, Melissa. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us. We issued our earnings release this morning at 8 a.m. Eastern Time. It's posted on our website, borgwarner.com, on our home page. A replay of today's conference call will be available through May 8. The dial-in number for that replay is (855) 859-2056. You'll need the conference ID, which is 18708099. The replay will also be available on our website. With regard to our Investor Relations calendar, we will be attending the following conferences between now and our next earnings release: May 7, we'll be at the Wells Fargo Industrial & Construction Conference in New York; May 14, we will be at the Barclays Americas Select Franchise Conference in London; May 28, we'll be at the KeyBanc Automotive, Industrial and Transportation Conference in Boston; and June 4, we will be at the Deutsche Bank Industrials Conference in Chicago. Before we begin, I need to inform you that during this call, we may make forward-looking statements which involve risks and uncertainties, as detailed in our 10-K. Our actual results may differ significantly from the matters discussed today. Now moving on to our results. James Verrier, President and CEO, will comment on first quarter results, as well as some of our accomplishments during the quarter. And then Ron Hundzinski, our CFO, will discuss the details of our operating results and also our updated outlook for 2014. With that, I'll turn it over to James.
Kenneth Lamb: Thanks, Ron. Now let's move to the Q&A portion of the call. Melissa, please remind everyone of the Q&A procedure.
Kenneth Lamb: Let me add one thing, Rich, before you go to your next question. We are -- we did say that while we're growing during this restructuring period, you can still expect us to get our mid-teens incremental margins on that growth in Drivetrain while we're doing the restructuring.
Kenneth Lamb: So Ravi, just let me -- this is Ken. Let me add on to that. So essentially, what we're saying is this year, you can expect operating income to be almost nothing...
Kenneth Lamb: This year. And then it will improve going forward from growth and incremental income, restructuring, and also the PPA will diminish.
Kenneth Lamb: Rod, this is Ken. So yes, what Ron was saying was that the contribution in the first quarter was basically that $350 million of sales divided by 12. That was the 1 month of sales that we had for the first quarter. And the growth rate for Wahler going forward is similar to BorgWarner-type growth, as we think about how it's going to grow going forward.
Kenneth Lamb: Well, just to clarify, David, what Ron did say is that we will begin repatriating cash from China this year. Those were the exact words, get that into the transcript.
Kenneth Lamb: Dave, let me do some work on that and talk to you about that later. But I mean, what we said is we expect growth similar to our own, from Wahler.
Kenneth Lamb: Dave, Wahler should growth at a similar rate to BorgWarner, which we've said is high-single to low double-digit growth.
Kenneth Lamb: Just to be clear, it is meaningful though. This year, this inventory markup and the purchase accounting adjustment, because it is meaningful, is pretty much offsetting all the operating income from that business this year.
Kenneth Lamb: So as you know, we don't really talk about shares very much. But it has definitely positioned us as a preeminent player in the space. As far as the producer of both valves and coolers, there is really no one else in the world that does that now. That's pretty much rare air that we're in.
Kenneth Lamb: Thank you, Dan. I'd like to thank you all for joining us. We expect to file our Q before the end of the day, Ron said around noon, which will provide more details of our results. If you have any follow-up questions about our earnings release, the matters discussed during this call or our 10-Q, please direct them to me. Melissa, please close out the call.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Coming into the year, Rich, our guidance was based on program-level volume assumptions. So basically, our projections haven't changed today than they were when we came into the year. So we're still executing to our plan this year, and that's where our guidance is set at.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Yes, Rich, let me set the starting point on this 100-plus basis points improvement. I think what everybody should do is they should take a look at 2013 as the base year and do your projections from that base year. I would not say take a look at the current run rate of the margins in that segment. So go back to 2013, which I'll give you the number, I think it was 10%, 10.3% for the full year.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Well, Rich, we know a couple of things. One is the restructuring activities have just really begun. We made -- we have agreements now with the works councils. But now I'll just say this for the operating guys, the hard work starts. They have to start moving machinery and equipment and startup. So although they had a great quarter -- I'm not going to take that away from them, fantastic quarter. But in the subsequent quarters, now that we have those agreements, this is when all the equipment starts to move. And any time you start going through that process, it can get a little choppy.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: John, I wouldn't say there's any urgency. However, it does provide a lot of flexibility to do things like share repurchases. But I would say one of the other items is when we started taking a look at the long-range plan for the business in China, we see tremendous amount of opportunities to bring cash out in the future. So no urgency, but it does provide us some flexibility, and it's going to continue to provide us flexibility in the out years.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: All right. Ravi, let me just take one quick second here. Yes, for the purchase price accounting at a normal run rate, you can look at the Q for some details and do some math, but I'll shorten it up for you and give you the numbers. Roughly $3 million to $4 million is a run rate drag. However, that's for full year. But I would like to point out that when you do an acquisition, you have to do fair value for inventories. So basically, I'm going to have 2 months with no profitability in the business. So the normal run rate is $3 million to $4 million, but I did have 2 months of, I'm not going to call them abnormal, of no profit, because of the weight of PPA. That goes away going forward.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Well, double digits, and then I gave you the purchase price accounting, and then you could assign a growth rate to the top line as well, Ravi.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Very immaterial. We did -- all right. On the debt side, it was -- cash paid was about $106 million, a little bit north of that. You can read that in the Q. We picked up about $30 million to...
Ronald T. Hundzinski: $33 million of debt. So the enterprise value gets up to the $146 million. Pensions were very small. I'll just say that. It's fairly immaterial.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Our long-term incremental margin guidance still would remain at mid-teens, though, Rod. So I'm not quite sure -- yes, you're right, we would, in the move to Eastern Europe, those headwinds would go away, but that's already in our expectations of 100 basis points plus, okay? On the SG&A side, in general, we will continue to invest in SG&A at some rate close to or slightly less than the sales growth.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: You're close. You're right, Itay. I mean, it's easy math. You can add back in the sales that we gave you some generation -- general numbers around and then recalculate it. But you're right, you're right in the 30 to 40 basis points, you're right.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: At this point, I'll ask -- I'll answer the tax question. At this point, yes, 28% going forward. The affiliate earnings, you have to go back and say where are those earnings coming from. And they're coming from Japan and they're coming from India. India has been a challenged market. I think it will stabilize. I don't think it's going to deteriorate, but it's been a challenged market for everybody. And in Japan, that market, if you -- as everybody knows, they're moving production outside of Japan. Now going forward, I would say that I should see improvement going forward. I don't think we're going to see any continued deterioration in those markets, as far as on my equity line.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Brett, I think James said this earlier, we've owned this asset for 2 months now. What I would say is we're refining where this business is going. We know the end game. We know where we can be. The timing it takes to get there -- I think over time, you'll hear more from us on how it's going. For us to give you an exact timeline right now is premature.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Brett, let me -- you're right. First, we did not do any share repurchases in Q1. So you don't have to go dig through a bunch of documents to find that out. We didn't do any in Q4. But let's talk about that for a second. In Q4, I funded a pension in Germany of some $150 million-ish, $137 million in Germany, which is -- it's a big cash outflow. Q1 is typically a low cash-generating quarter, historically, for a lot of companies. And as a result, we also did the Wahler acquisition, right? So if you look at 2 quarters, I wouldn't say that's indicative of us turning off the share repurchases. I would just say that was just 2 circumstances that happened back-to-back quarters that put us in a position where we just kind of had to hold still for a while, okay? Now you mentioned China. We see that China's going to generate a lot of cash for us, and we want to bring that back to the States, so that we can continue to initiate a lot of corporate items like share repurchase in the future, and give us the flexibility going in the future with our cash. So 2 quarters are not indicative and China's going to be a great cash flow for us, and we still remain flexible in share repurchases.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Our guidance is always mid-teens incremental margins. That's our target. We don't really give guidance any closer than that at this point.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: I would say it's sizable for me to make a tax change, how's that? I know I'm not giving you an exact number, but it's not $10 million, right? It's north of that. It's sizable that I see opportunities in the future and it's a good chunk of cash this year to put me in a very flexible position in the U.S.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Course of the year. We have not yet brought anything back from China. We will bring it back through the summer months.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: David, that's a little bit of a complex question, and I'll tell you why. What we're really doing is we're able to leverage up a little bit more in China than we have in the past, with local borrowing lines in China. Our banking relationships have gotten really strong there. So what we're able to do is leverage up, at the same time, we can bring cash back out of there, which would indicate that we could bring back a higher percentage of the cash flow because of the leveraging. I don't have an absolute number for you. But that's, in strategy, what's going on in China right now.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Just a second, David. You can get that in the Q. But I'll see if I have that right now for you, about $16 million, I think it was, about $16 million. You -- if you go into the Q, which we file at roughly noon today, I think that's what you'll see in the Q.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: You're right in your memory. That was some items we discussed in the past. And what I would say is when that segment was smaller, it had disproportional impact on it in that time period. But since the business segment has grown, it's become minimized. That, coupled with some pension funding valuations that have got -- have improved over time, the drag on that segment has become to a point where it's minimized where we're at today.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: No, you're right. It's -- first off, it was 17.2%. But what's happened in the first quarter is, I was trying to explain this earlier, the run rate on purchase price accounting is going to be $3 million to $4 million, except for 2 months where we have to get rid of our fair value inventory at no profit. So that's an extra drag for this year. So that's why you see this large delta between the comparable basis versus what the reported number was. It's just -- I wouldn't pay too much attention to it. It's just a rare situation for 2 months.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: You'll see 1 month in Q2, but you'll have 3 months of sales. So it's going to be less, but you will have the same impact.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Nickel prices can impact us. There's no question. And then primarily we use that product in turbocharger business, on the hot side of the engine, because nickel is used quite often in heat applications. However, we experienced this nickel price increase some time ago back in 2006. Actually, I was in the turbo business then. Since then, we've taken steps to try as much as possible to put in instruments, either through hedging or through other activities, to mitigate that. At this point, we're able to mitigate it and not seeing the impact completely on our results.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Well, you can see sometimes in the Ks and the Qs and some of those tables. Historic -- I can tell you that nickel prices, until just recently, have not been that much of an issue. So you'll see less amount of hedging being done recently in that space than we have in the past.
James R. Verrier: Yes, Rich, this is James. It's -- you're right. It's primarily for us a commercial vehicle business. It's not that significant for us. Some of the conditions down there are not too bright right now, as you know, but it's not too material for us.
James R. Verrier: Rich, where I would -- the way I think about it right now is -- I mean, first of all, we're delighted to get the transaction completed. I think it's going to be a really, really terrific asset for us, with the technology it brings and the growth and the European customer relationships, primarily. So feeling very, very good about it. The start point, as Ron alluded to, is quite a bit below the normal BorgWarner level. It's mid-single-digit-type numbers. So we've got a good 2 or 3 years of work ahead of us to get it to that kind of double-digit range. And I think -- bear in mind, we're only, what, a couple of months in. We'll have better clarity on that as time plays out, Rich. But I think the real message is great technology, great growth, and we're going to work -- get it up, for the next 2 to 3 years, to that double digit. Where it rests 2 or 3 years from now, Rich, I'm not sure. We'll just keep working on that over the period.
James R. Verrier: John, I would say sales came in pretty much about where we thought they would be. I think the operating performance was strong. It wasn't so much of a revenue or a mix shift that drove good performance. I think we just executed, executed well. That's really the driver. And as Ron alluded to, we -- over the -- over some of the recent quarters, it's been a little bit choppy, a little bit that way. And I think this was certainly one of our strong quarters, but no big shift in volume or mix, John.
James R. Verrier: John, first off, the activities, they're still pretty intense. We've certainly not slowed down with the Wahler acquisition now getting completed. But I would tell you, or say that the level of opportunities we have kind of in the pipeline, so to speak, is pretty similar to where we were a year ago. So it's a good healthy number. And just like we've talked about in the past, some of those are relatively early in the phase, pretty preliminary, and a couple of those are much further down the process. The way I would think about it from a technology point of view, John, we, we're focused heavily on the powertrain space that we're in. Drivetrain or Engine, we're agnostic, but both either or both are good. Light vehicle, commercial vehicle is fine. And regional, we don't have a bias there, because ultimately, these products that we participate in do go global. So I don't want to talk specifically on individual technologies, John. But bolt-on or kind of related products to where we're at right now are likely to be the primary focus for us going forward. And whatever technology we bring, it's going to deliver the type of growth that we've become used to with the company. So hopefully, that gives you a bit of a flavor for it, John.
James R. Verrier: Itay, it was a good quarter for us. I would say relatively consistent with prior quarters, certainly the last 3 or 4, which is good and healthy, good balance across pretty much all of the products and a nice balance globally. So I would say it's been a good typical booking business quarter for BorgWarner, if that makes sense to you.
James R. Verrier: Yes, Brett, this is James. I think as I was trying to say to John, that intensity has really not slowed down, and our philosophy continues on. That's still our primary use of the cash, I think, as we all know. And the approach remains the same, really, Brett, that we're working on a relatively large number of possible targets, with the belief that 1 or 2 of those over the next couple of years will flow through and get executed. We know the variable is often the businesses are not for sale. So these things are a little choppy in terms of how you get them -- how quickly you can get them done or even how you can even predict the timing of the event. But what you guys may be picking up on is there's a lot of intensity and a lot of belief that over the next couple of years, we will do additional acquisitions. And we remain confident that we'll be able to hopefully get that done.
James R. Verrier: Yes, from a resource perspective, Joe, we would like to think over the next couple of years, we could probably do a couple more of that size or a little more and be able to manage those. It does depend a little, Joe, in terms of where they land within the business. What I mean by that is if all 3 were in one particular part of the company, that makes it a little more challenging. But our belief is that the list of targets are pretty well spread across all of the BorgWarner portfolio. So for us to do a couple more Wahler-like transactions in the next 12 to 24 months, that's very doable. If we have to do one more than that, that will probably be okay, too. So we're comfortable, which is why the intensity is not slowing down, Joe.
James R. Verrier: I wouldn't say anything significant, David. I think where we're at from a revenue run rate, so to speak, is about where we thought we'd be at. And I think when we look at the end markets from where we started the year, European light vehicle production as an example, we don't see it's moved that much -- a little bit of nuance in between regions and platforms. But in general, it's about what we thought of the end markets, and it's about what we thought inside of BorgWarner, is where we're at right now.
James R. Verrier: Yes, it's -- your instinct was right. It's weighted to Europe, European customers, European sales. It does have some revenue in Asia, primarily in China and a little bit in North America, but it's weighted towards the German OEMs and European sales. One of the -- actually, one of the mainly attractive aspects of the deal for us, when we line that up against our current EGR valve business, it's very complementary. Our current EGR valve business is a little weighted to North America and to China. So when you put the 2 together, now I think our geographic balance and footprint will be very, very good for us.
James R. Verrier: I think I alluded to this on one of the other questions is it's pretty much in line with how we thought things would be at the beginning of the year. So if you think of how we -- what color we gave then, I think that still stands pretty well. If you think of how our backlog was put together and communicated towards the back end of last year, Ryan, it's playing out pretty well there. So what that means is we're benefiting well from a strong North American production, trucks help us, China growth continues to be very strong for the company and good growth performance in Europe off a relatively stable or slightly increasing production volumes in Europe.
James R. Verrier: I'll comment on, more, if you wish, on the growth. And I think your observations are very real, that as we do go through the restructuring efforts and move our footprint from Western Europe to Eastern Europe, we do still anticipate and expect to see growth in the Drivetrain segment. A good way to think of it, again, is if you take a look at the backlog announcement that we did back in November as a recent -- a decent way to look at it, where it breaks out, and you can see the growth, by product, in dual-clutch product, step automatic product and the all-wheel drive products. So we do see that growth. It's high single-digit, low single-digit-type growth for Drivetrain that we'll move forward with and execute on. And you're right, that's in parallel to the execution efforts of our restructuring.
