Ken Lamb: Thank you, Stephanie. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us. We issued our earnings release this morning at approximately 8 AM Eastern Time. It's posted on our website, borgwarner.com, on our Investors homepage. A replay of today's conference call will be available through August 1. The dial number for the replay is (800) 585-8367. You'll need the conference ID, which is 10514936. The replay will also be available on our website. With regard to our IR calendar, we will be attending a number of conferences over the next few months. August 13, we'll be at the JPMorgan Auto Conference in New York. September 10, we'll be at the MainFirst Auto IAA Investor & Analyst Conference in Frankfurt, Germany. September 11, we will be at the RBC Capital Global Industrials Conference in Las Vegas. And on September 16, we'll be at the Morgan Stanley Global Autos & Industrials Conference in Laguna Beach, California. So before we begin, I need to inform you that during this call, we may make forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties as detailed in our 10-K. Our actual results may differ significantly from the matters discussed today. Now moving on to our results, James Verrier, President and CEO, will comment on second quarter results and current industry trends. And then Ron Hundzinski, our CFO, will discuss the details of our operating results and also our outlook for the remainder of 2013. With that, I'll turn it over to James.
Ken Lamb: John, this is Ken Lamb. So we experienced growth in both automatic transmission components, the traditional ones, and also all-wheel drive. So it was kind of the whole Drivetrain Group was strong in Korea, which is a trend. We've actually seen that for the last couple of quarters.
Ken Lamb: And let me answer your question about the backlog being started in the second half and if that can help us. We certainly expect the backlog to be started in the second half. However, we do have an offset from just less production available. So our base business will be less because of Christmas and the summer shutdowns. And that will partially offset the backlog, which will be started in the second half.
Ken Lamb: Brian, this is Ken. As these emissions regulations continue to tighten, it's incrementally positive for us kind of across our portfolio. There's not one specific thing that we can say is going to be additional compared to the content on our previous emissions reg level. But just across the board, generally speaking, our technology helps. As they continue to progress in the emissions reg, there'll just be more [indiscernible] on content in general.
Ken Lamb: We do, and it's largely reflective of the market overall. Every diesel engine just about has a turbocharger on it. So more of our business is weighted that way today. However, as you look at our growth going forward, a lot of that is on the gasoline side. More of it is on the gasoline side.
Ken Lamb: It's not direct. There wasn't a direct numerical comment. It was in general, there are more diesel turbochargers in the world today than gasoline. So our business also reflects that, too.
Ken Lamb: I'd like to thank you all again for joining us. We expect to file our 10-Q before the end of the day, which will provide details of our results. If you have any follow-up questions about our earnings release, the matters discussed during this call or our 10-Q, please direct them to me. Stephanie, please close up the call.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Okay. Rich, we've been very vocal this first half of the year about we wanting consistency and the absolute level of profitability in the Drivetrain Group. I like -- we like what we saw in the quarter, but the consistency is still a concern for us. It's still -- we're bouncing around too much for us. So I wouldn't add any more flavor around that other than the fact that we continue to do deep dives on this business unit and what I think we are very comfortable where we're going to go with this in the future.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Ravi, I'll tell you that we know that we can probably achieve higher margins in -- I'd rather not give any numbers at this point, but we're comfortable that margins can still expand.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: SG&A was pretty much in line with last year, right, basically at this point. What I would say forward-looking, James mentioned this, that we do anticipate R&D spending probably -- if you take a look at our data so far, our guidance really was 3.7% of sales. We're trending a tad higher, maybe 20 basis points higher in that year-to-date. We fully expect that, that trend will continue to trend higher. So that's why earlier in the call, we're talking about the second half margin. That's impacting the second half margins. But other than R&D spending, I think the SG&A controls remains where it's at. I think the only valuation was going to come through the R&D spending.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Itay, that's a good question. We target 20% incremental margins on our additional sales. And we're very close to the reason why we target that, it talks [ph] about all the negatives of economic headwinds that we get. But we expect that putting back infrastructure and SG&A and some of the things that we're controlling this year probably will result in us not achieving the incremental margins we've seen historically. Now regionally, it could be some issues. Maybe if the sales growth comes out of one region better than another, we'll see better incremental margins. But I would suspect and we're planning on incremental margins not being as robust as we start to put more infrastructure in.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: At this point, we're comfortable with the guidance. We know we have some projects in the back half of for the year, major projects coming on board. So at this point, we're comfortable where the guidance is.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Yes, Joe, this is Ron. Let's talk about the second quarter comp year-over-year. If you go back to last year -- I was going to point this out earlier -- we had in the Drivetrain segment itself, we had sales increase of 20%, which was substantially above the market. And if you go back to that call and you analyze why, how we got there, we got there by DCT primarily in Europe. So the year-over-year comp in Europe is difficult, which I point out in my call this year when you're comparing the 20% sales growth last year. So that was one element. And then also as last year unfolded, like you pointed out, we had a more northern European OEM mix that was in our favor and that started going more to a normal mix, I would say, but was more unfavorable to us as it rolled up throughout the year. And as we entered the year, we felt we are in a more stable mix between Northern and Southern European OEMs. Now as we go forward, your question is what's the year-over-year comp? That's -- we're trying to still analyze all that. But I mean mathematically, you would say that should improve because you're now to a more normal mix that went unfavorable in the third quarter. I mean that's a logical conclusion that you're kind of drawing to, right there.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: That is accurate. We said that before that the DCT in China has been a drag on the Drivetrain margins.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: I think there's many factors we look at, at the pace of buybacks, everything from acquisitions like you're referring to, market conditions, multiples, where we're at and certain historical things, valuations internally. I wouldn't say there's one factor, but you're generally correct. Cash flow regionally also could impact that. I don't really look at one item when we make decisions on buybacks. So you can't really point to one item.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Richard, in our backlog presentation, there is a section in there that we actually talk about North America now starting to adopt more of the advanced powertrains. So to answer to your question, our backlog is starting to reflect that. When we issue a new backlog, we'll have to update it for you. But we have started seeing that increase in our backlog.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: No, it has not. That's a wide range, as you know, and there's many factors that influence that, including CapEx spending and working capital adjustments. So I'm still within that range, Richard.
James R. Verrier: Yes. Brett, I think I would say this. First of all, we are encouraged and pleased with the direction of the business. If we go back a year or so to where we are now, it's certainly moved forward, and that's encouraging. So that's a good thing for us. We've not laid out a very, very specific target. We have said and we continue to say that we believe the Drivetrain business can be a double-digit margin business. We feel comfortable that we can get to there. In terms of what are we looking at kind of thing question, there's a couple of areas that I think are key to us. We talked in prior calls around the China growth, the DCT. And we see the good news in this quarter that we're starting to see that come on. But getting the next acceleration there is a good key part of the growth. Just like all of our products and all of our businesses, we always look to optimize our footprint around the world, and that's an area that we're paying good attention to. Because this is a growth business, the Drivetrain business we see is very strategic. That's a growth business. And as we drive that growth and accelerate that growth, we want to make sure we optimize our footprint to support that growth. So that's kind of a key area for us as well, Brett. So in a nutshell, we're pleased with where we're at in the direction. We're not where we want to be, but we're going to get there with primarily around those couple of key levers I just talked to you about.
James R. Verrier: You're right, Brett. Ken is getting his calculator ready to do the real detailed analysis there over the next few months. But from a booking's perspective and business win perspective, we feel good. What we've seen has been good and strong for us as a company, certainly over the last 6 months. So that gives us a good comfort as we start to build the backlog. What we've seen roll off this year, Brett, has been pretty much what we'd expected, so that's a good encouraging sign. And as we look to the second half of this year, we're seeing the backlog assumptions and projections that we'd factored in seems to pretty much be playing out as we'd thought. So more and more to come, as you know, Brett, but we're feeling pretty good about where we're heading on the backlog.
James R. Verrier: Yes, Ravi. From a European point of view, the key point I'd point out is, things are playing out pretty much as we'd anticipated. I think this is all pretty much what we projected and what we thought would happen. And I think one of the things that we've talked about frequently is you will get quarterly variations in our growth versus the market, and this is probably a good example, where there can be some specific platform of vehicle mix that can work for you or against you, and this is a good example of that. But the fundamentals of our growth and our performance in Europe are still very much intact, and we're not concerned at all there. We're going to continue to see good adoptions of our technology for fuel economy and emissions, and we feel good there. Switching to North America, we talked to in the past about the adoption rates, and you saw pretty good evidence of that in the backlog that came out last year. We moved up the North American and the content in some aspects for the backlog. So when you look at turbocharger penetration as an example into North America, there's tremendous momentum around that, as just one example. So you're going to see that, and I don't think it's a single point inflection, Ravi. I think it's going to be a gradual evolution over a 2-, 3-, 4-, 5-year period. But we're seeing the trend going that way for sure.
James R. Verrier: Yes. I think it's going to play out pretty much as we'd expected, which -- we've talked about a reasonable level of outperformance in Europe for the year and it will vary quarter-to-quarter. But nothing really changing from where we were a quarter ago, Ravi.
James R. Verrier: Yes, we're really pleased as well, Joe, to get the product launched, and it's a great breakthrough for us and our customers in the Chinese market. So it's great news. We always said that we would launch with SAIC in the middle of this year, which we'd now confirm. And then we will start to follow on from that with FIW with subsequent transmission programs next year and then into 2015. And thus far, the projections around the size of the business and the scope of the business, it's pretty consistent with what we've outlined in the prior calls, Joe, and it's meaningful and very positive for us.
James R. Verrier: Yes, I would -- So this pretty -- the way I view it is some of the execution of what we maybe talked about over the last several months, we want to go forward with a balanced approach to the deployment of cash. So in addition to our capital expenditure, the dividend we view as a key piece to that. It is not in any way an indication of a slowdown around M&A enthusiasm or desire from a BorgWarner point of view. We remain where M&A is our top priority for utilization of cash, and we continue to work very, very diligently around M&A opportunity. We just see it as a complementary piece to the whole strategy of cash deployment in addition to the share buybacks. So we think this is very good in terms of balancing our approach, and that's really what it is. It's execution of that strategy that we've talked about in prior quarters. So yes, we feel good about it, and we'll continue to march forward on M&A as well.
James R. Verrier: Yes. I'd say -- the only thing I'd say, Joe, is which we described in prior discussions, the slower ramp, the slower ramp of DCT in general is just being the customer is getting ready with that technology. Not really a BorgWarner issue, although we work very, very closely with our customers. I think you know it's a challenging technology. It's really been around getting the product ready for market. We're not seeing any slowdown in market desire or market want for the products, so we feel comfortable with the long-term view. It's more of a product quality product technology, readiness issue with the OEMs. And I think this is a good indication that we're starting to move forward now, which is great.
James R. Verrier: I think at a fairly simplistic level, our view from a market outlook and a production volume level is consistent with where we were a quarter ago. So nothing from our view in the market has changed significantly enough to impact. What's driving the guidance on the revenue side, the tightening of it, is just we've got 6 months behind us. So we've got -- the first half of the year is done and in the back, so that just gives us incremental confidence that we can narrow the range. And on the EPS side, it's really 2 key things. It's the strong performance that we delivered thus far in the year, and as Ron explained, around the share count issue. And if you put all of that together, that's why we feel comfortable where we're at.
James R. Verrier: Yes. We are -- our projection is around 53% in Europe of diesel rates, which is pretty much in line with where we were in prior quarters. So we're not seeing any real shifting in diesel mix in Europe. So that's kind of the quick answer for you.
James R. Verrier: I'd focus a little more kind of where I am now as opposed to honestly where I was a couple of years ago. But right now, we're pretty, pretty healthy. I mean, we're -- I don't want to put an exact number on it, but I would say we're in the 80-ish percent type range of utilization. The reason I put a little bit of a vagueness in there is it does vary a little bit plant to plant and product to product because they're serving different customers that might be on an accelerated growth or they might be launching products. But in the average, we're probably in the 80-ish, 85% range, and it's pretty healthy.
James R. Verrier: I'd say Drivetrain is pretty similar to Engine in terms of utilization in Europe. There's not a big distinction. Then again, with the Drivetrain Group, the same comment really -- it really does vary a little bit plant to plant. But at a macro level for both the segments and the company, we're in a 80-ish percent, 85% range.
James R. Verrier: Yes, Brian, this is James. The quick answer is yes. You mentioned -- turbo is a good example. Obviously, we're already in that space as we are with our thermal product offering. And as opportunities present themselves for us to apply Drivetrain technology or engine timing technology, we are looking actively to do this. And we continue to have those discussions with the commercial vehicle guys, leveraging our current relationships that we already have on the turbo and the thermal and the EGR side of our business.
James R. Verrier: It will depend a little bit on the exact products. But I would say our primary driver is to utilize the existing technology portfolio with maybe some modifications or enhancements or adjustments. That's our primary path. But I would say if there's an acquisition out there that's complementary to help us accelerate with technology into the CV space, that remains attractive to us as a possibility.
