Frederic Lissalde: Hi, John. So, some of it is in price some of it is one-time. But it's true that when we negotiate and when we talk to our customers, they realize that this is a big hit, and that big hit may be to stay. So, I expect that, for 2023, we will have ongoing discussions with our customers around inflation. What's important is that we make sure that the nature of the recovery that we get from our customer base match pretty much the nature of the help that we giving to our supply base. And that will be our goal also going forward.
Frederic Lissalde: Yes, John. First, I would say that I'm very proud at where we are, 18 months into Charging Forward we're already 45% on our way into a five-year plan, so very proud of that. From an M&A perspective, what we are focusing on is building capabilities, product leadership, and scale from grid to wheel in this, that's the target. And so, we're not chasing a number, we're chasing that type of mindset really.
Frederic Lissalde: Right. It's very active. We are engaged with a certain number of companies as targets, still focusing on the same things, again scale on products from grid to wheel, product leadership which -- and I mean by that, essentially, around efficiency of moving electrons across that grid to wheel, and potentially new products too in the field of EV. So, it's pretty active.
Frederic Lissalde: Chris, I think the team has done a formidable job right after the closing of the Delphi transaction to turn this business around. Should look back the fuel system margins that we took the business at and what it is now, it's been pretty good both on the fuel system side and aftermarket as well.
Frederic Lissalde: So, the way we compute those EV wins is we look at the individual businesses, the volume that we are booking the business at. We sometime apply some market intelligence adjustments and that's how we are monitoring the 2025 organic revenue bookings. As far as your second question around Europe, I would say overall EV is accelerating. And we can see that in the marketplace. We can see that with the intensity with which we are discussing with our customers and we can see that with our business too. And that also applies for Europe, and very happy to see our growth in EV being across the three continents and also across a pretty sizable product portfolio.
Frederic Lissalde: Yes, it is. I won't quantify that. But it's sizable and I would say that this is not a one-off. There is a lot of discussions with uplifting volumes. And I would say that, one thing that it's important is that the scale that we have in electronics and in power electronics, in both purchasing and manufacturing, electronics and power electronics, allows us to offer our customers specific supply chains that are not are not intertwined. And so and so, I think this is a very, very good success for us. It enforces the fact that we have great products, great efficiency, and also that resiliency of our supply chain is something that our customers have trust in.
Frederic Lissalde: Yes, no, for sure our motors can go above seven and a half tons. And this came from the customer's specification on all this can go much higher than that. And yes, the answer to your second question is absolutely yes. Scale matters in CV for product leadership, but also competitiveness. This is a strategy that has been applied for one or for many, many years, where we have numerous products that cut across fast car, and commercial vehicle. We learn from both segments, and we can offer our commerce commercial vehicle customers, products that one fit for their function, but also our competitive because we have that scale.
Frederic Lissalde: I'm not sure I have that granularity for you, James, at this point. Maybe Pat can follow-up with you offline? I don't know if that's going right for the Chinese country.
Frederic Lissalde: And I think it represents the volatility that still exists in this marketplace, Emmanuel. And especially, I would say in Q4, especially in Europe with everything that is happening. So, taking in consideration also in our Q4 top line guide, which is a little wider than usual, but it represents the market environment.
Frederic Lissalde: They are slightly different, but not dramatically different. Actually, as part of our acquisition of SSE, as part of some charging integration that they do, they include solar battery pack and chargers. And that might be something we look at. I would tell you that it's not currently the priority but, in the future, that might be a nice diversification going forward based on the current technology.
Frederic Lissalde: It is definitely application engineering and engineering for launch that business that we have booked, or engineering for businesses that we are at the verge of booking.
Kevin Nowlan: And maybe, John, I'll just jump in and add on the one-time nature of certain elements of recoveries that we generated in the quarter. Included in that 10.8% margin that we posted was about a 40 basis point margin benefit arising from retroactive pricing recoveries partially offset by retroactive supplier costs. So, there was a little bit of a tailwind in the quarter, about 40 basis points coming from that in our margin.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, I'll start. As it relates to 2023, as we look at 2022 and the recoveries and the costs that we've been incurring, if -- we don't have an expectation that we're going to ultimately fully offset all the costs that come into the P&L. We've been negotiating recoveries to defer a portion of those cost increases, a substantial portion, but not entirely. So, we're bearing some of that cost. So, as you look ahead to 2023, I wouldn't necessarily look there -- at there being a tailwind for our margin because we don't ultimately expect to offset all the cost increase that we're incurring in 2022.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, I mean to the extent that those -- that the inflationary impacts continue as we head into 2023, and that pricing needs to stay in place to defray the continued inflationary costs, if that's where it goes, then we would expect to continue to generate that top line benefit within our revenue. If you just take a step back, if you look at our outgrowth for the year, we're delivering about 9% outgrowth underlying our guidance, a little bit north of 9%. And just under 4% of that is coming from these -- the customer pricing recoveries associated with material inflation costs, which means then we have five points or so of outgrowth coming from everything else. But that's the way to think about what's happening in 2022. And then you can make assumptions about how you expect the inflationary environment to play out in '23, and how that nearly 4% pricing would carry over.
Kevin Nowlan: They have. I think, last quarter, we were expecting that the contribution to our outgrowth from the pricing recoveries was closer to 3%. I think now we're suggesting in our guidance that the full-year impact of those pricing recoveries is a little bit under 4%. And that's part of the reason that you see in my remarks, that the net impact that we're now expect on a year from material cost inflation is down from our prior guide, it's $110 million to $120 million, which is a $35 million improvement from what we guided to last quarter. And it's being driven by improved customer pricing actions.
Kevin Nowlan: Well, I think it depends when you look at the guide. I mean, if you look at the top end of our guide, one of the things to keep in mind is we took industry production down, and so that has an impact on organic growth in the high end of our guidance range. And then at the low end of our guidance range, as you look at Q4, that it's actually not being offset, it's really flowing through that $35 million benefit, which is why we raised the bottom end from 9.8% to 10%.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, sequentially going into Q4, we do have an almost $90 million FX headwind Q3 to Q4. So, that is a big piece of what's impacting revenue. And then the range of outlook that we have going from basically with underlying our $15.4 billion to $15.7 billion revenue guide is at the lower end and at the midpoint some pressure on organic growth. Sequentially that is.
Kevin Nowlan: We didn't break that out in terms of Q3 and Q4. But because of the nature of some the retroactive recoveries on a net basis that we generated in Q3, it really mitigated the impact on Q3 relative to the other quarters that we have seen. So, in Q3 we had a negative $8 million impact. I think as we looked at Q4, it's on a year-over-year basis a little bit larger because we don't expect the same size of retroactive-related benefits of what we got in Q3.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, I mean I think it's hard to compare on quarter-to-quarter this year because there has been such volatility. Q2 obviously we were pretty significantly impacted by the combination of revenue being relatively low as well as material cost inflation and the recoveries haven't entirely been kicking in yet. As you go to Q3, you see obviously we delivered over $4 billion of revenue in the quarter and a strong level of customer recoveries. And so, you are seeing a lot of swings quarter to quarter right now in this volatile environment. And that's really pushing through the segments as well. So, I think that's why you look in Q2 going to Q3 you saw air management up quite a bit. You saw fuel systems up quite a bit as well. And I think it's really function of what we are seeing from both the revenue and cost recovery perspective.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, we're still that's still part of our charging for a plan. As I mentioned last quarter, that challenging, and market environments really disrupted those potential disposition processes in the short-term. And that's really due to two things. The uncertainty and industry production and the inflationary impacts and how those are going to play out impacts potential buyers and those types of businesses in the near term. And second, there're obviously challenges in the capital markets and the financing markets more generally. So, those things have really slowed down our ability to transact over the last couple quarters. But it doesn't change the direction where we're headed over time here. But that pause is okay, because as you know, we have a lot of high quality cash flow generating assets in our portfolio. So, we're not under pressure at all to sell anything. And we're perfectly content to continue to generate the benefits of the cash flows from those businesses, and then assess those as the market situation improves to look at reengaging in some of those disposition processes to make sure that we deliver a disposition that's going to generate appropriate value for our shareholders. But until the markets clear up from that, we're perfectly content to continue to generate strong cash flows from these businesses.
Kevin Nowlan: We're not giving margin guidance yet as it relates to any of the specific acquisitions. But I think the strategy of BorgWarner and establishing product leadership as we get into different product categories and driving top quartile margin performance as a company over time. And so you should expect that as we get into any of these product lines, that the expectations for what we ultimately deliver financially on those products, is the same as what we expect to deliver from all parts of our business.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, I mean, we think there's a real opportunity for us to benefit from the IRA as we continue to invest to increase our capacity and manufacturing capability in the U.S. So, we'll continue to look at the opportunities afforded by the Inflation Reduction Act and see what opportunities are afforded to us. But we think there's a real opportunity there.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, there is one facility in the U.S. right now in Michigan. And we're looking at extending the U.S. footprint, actually, as we speak.
Kevin Nowlan: Were you saying both outgrowth and margin, Emmanuel, is that what you said or just -- [multiple speakers]…
Kevin Nowlan: Revenue and margin going Q3 to Q4, I think as you look -- let me start with revenue. As you go from Q3 to Q4 and you look at the range, the $300 million range we're providing on revenue. At the upper-end of that range we have -- you see revenue a little bit down, and that's really driven entirely by foreign exchange, it's about a $90 million headwind going sequentially from Q3 to Q4. If you look at the low end of the range, we're still assuming about that $90 million foreign exchange related headwind, but then there's about $280 million sequential headwind in organic growth. So, that's the way to think about revenue going Q3 to Q4. When you look at margin, you've got to start by looking at Q3, that 10.8%. And remember my comments earlier, there's about 40 basis points of that margin coming from the net benefit of retroactive customer pricing recoveries net of the retroactive supplier cost increases. So, that's about a 40 basis point tailwind in Q3. So, as you then adjust Q3 and look ahead to Q4, say Q4 at the high end of our guide is relatively flat, maybe slightly up from that adjusted level. And if you look at the low end of our guide, which is around 9.5% or so in Q4, it's really jumping off that adjusted Q3 level, and then recognizing that we have downside conversion on that, roughly, $280 million organic decline sequentially. And that's how you really get to the math of it.
Kevin Nowlan: I'm sorry the -- that what's really driving the sequential is the production assumptions that are underlying the guide. And we saw at the low end of the range, you can see that production is down sequentially going from Q3 to Q4.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, so if you're looking at like IHS as an example, our Q4, at the low end of the range, is almost a million units below IHS from a light vehicle perspective, globally.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, I mean you can obviously see we've been deploying cash really for -- in a couple different ways over the course of 2022. We've been executing on our acquisition strategy, as we've communicated, as part of Charging Forward with the deals that we've done to date, this year. And we've also been repurchasing stock as well, $100 million in the quarter, which means it's $240 million year-to-date. And so, we've been pleased with deploying cash to support both of those objectives. While we continue to assess the right moments to be opportunistic in buying back our stock, I'd say, as you look ahead, I want to continue to emphasis what we've been emphasizing in prior quarters, that investing in attractive electrification opportunities, including M&A, is really the near-term priority for our uses of capital. That's what we're going to focus it as a priority.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, in terms of the question about inverter, I think based on our read of the legislation to date and our understanding of it; it doesn't apply to the inverters for automotive. I think the opportunity for us as it relates to IRA is really more around battery modules and battery packs. And so, we're assessing that as we're looking to increase our manufacturing footprint, here in the U.S., to support our customer demands.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, I mean if you look at the -- you're right; the eProducts-related R&D is disproportionately in the E-Propulsion & Drivetrain segment. And so, when you look at our eProducts investment to date, it's been over $300 million, and for the full-year it'll be over $400 million. And the bulk of that is really coming in that segment, and so that -- you can really see the impact that that's had on the margin of that business. Now, as we look at ahead to 2023, we would expect that as our EV revenue is growing, that we would expect the contributions margins on that growth in EV revenue to be growing at a faster pace than our eProducts-related R&D. And so, we'll start to get some improvement in margin in that segment as that contribution grows at a faster pace than that eProducts-related R&D.
