Kevin Nowlan: It's a reasonable way to think about it. Yes, I mean our guide is promised on our expectation that our markets are flat to down 2.5%. But if markets come in stronger, we fully expect that we would execute on that, deliver the revenue and convert on it. And you can see the conversion on an all-in basis implied in our guide is a mid-teens conversion. And so, if we see upside revenue, you should expect to see us converting on that incremental revenue.
Kevin Nowlan: With respect to the year-over-year conversion in '24, there's nothing unusual to really think about. I mean you're right, we're looking at the mid-teens and that is on an all-in basis. If you look at -- we are investing a little bit more in eProduct R&D again in 2024. It will be up organically about $40 million to $50 million, but that's embedded within that conversion. So we're looking at our conversion now given the scale of the business from an eProduct perspective on an all-in basis, and we expect to contribute in the mid-teens with that in mind.
Kevin Nowlan: And maybe I'd just add to that, [Colin], this is something we anticipated when we gave guidance back at our Investor Day as well because Eldor was well in flight and we knew that would have an impact on our margin in the short term, position us for long-term success in a $30 billion addressable market in 2030, so it is impacting the near term. But over time, as we start to have some success in that business looking to the next few years out, it will start to be a positive for us, but that's still several years away. We expect to have operating losses in that business for the next couple of years as we were support the R&D necessary to support our capitalizing on that business.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. When you look at the eProduct related R&D, as we've mentioned in the past, we thought the real peak in that was going to be in 2022 in terms of the growth in the eProduct R&D. You might remember, it stepped up $150 million that year. But then we said we expect the pace of the growth in the R&D to step down year-over-year. And you can see that happening. Last year, it stepped up about $60 million so not as big an increase as what we saw in 2022. And as we look ahead to '24, it's going to step up about $40 million to $50 million organically. So the pace of the growth in that ER&D is definitely slowing but still growing because it's supporting our ability to successfully launch and ramp up programs as well as to capitalize on continued profitable opportunity down to the future. So, we think the pace of what we're seeing right now is supportive of our long-term outlook for electrification.
Kevin Nowlan: And then on the foundational margin, one of our key strategies is that we know over time, as electrification continues to grow at the expense of underlying combustion-based technology that will put pressure over time on our revenue outlook. And our challenge is to make sure we're managing the cost structure of that business I should even say the overall P&L of that business, whether that's on the price side or the cost side to make sure we're delivering and sustaining our margin profile, we fully expect that to be the case as we go through 2024 and well beyond that.
Kevin Nowlan: We don't really break that out, but publicly in terms of what we've been disclosing in terms of an overall R&D or CapEx allocated that way. But what I would tell you is, if you look at R&D first and foremost, we invested about $475 million in eProduct-related R&D in 2023 versus the $700 million or $715 million or so of R&D in total. As we look ahead to '24 organically, we'll add another $40 million to $50 million there from eProduct R&D perspective. And you can expect that the foundational based R&D will probably come down a little bit on a year-over-year basis as it's been doing the last few years. So the R&D will continue to be increasingly weighted towards eProduct, and it is the majority of the investment. From a capital perspective, you can see we stepped up our capital investment last year pretty meaningfully, a couple of hundred million dollars relative to 2022, and that was really focused on investing in some of the eProduct portfolio ramp ups that we needed, particularly within our ePropulsion segment as well as our battery pack business and you'll see a comparable level of investment in capital in 2024 going toward that. I think these will be a couple of the peak years of investment from a CapEx perspective, particularly on that battery pack business. And then you'll probably see it come back down a little bit to more normalized levels as we hit '25 and beyond.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I guess maybe just a couple from me. I think Pat can come back to you on the details. But what I would say is when you look at the $2.5 billion to $2.8 billion guide, the first thing I'd say is off the top the $700 million to $800 million associated with battery is all EV. It's EV in the commercial space in the CV space. So then what you're really looking at is the other $1.8 billion to $2 billion of eProduct revenue, and we'll come back to you with the specific breakdown. I don't want to put a number and have it a little bit off.
Kevin Nowlan: Roughly, yes. The portion of the Eldor loss, that's engineering related it's somewhere around $40 million. So you're right, it's $40 million to $50 million of organic step-up of to the R&D. And then Eldor adds about another $40 million, the overall loss and Eldor is around -- the midpoint is around what you said.
Kevin Nowlan: We're not going to give any segment-specific guidance this year. But what I would say, when you look at the ePropulsion segment, obviously, we were focused on driving toward breakeven in the fourth quarter of last year. That was the guidance as we started out the year last year, and that was truly premised on our ability to successfully convert on the incremental revenue and we were disappointed that we had to pull back on that when we saw some of the volatility in the eMarkets and how that was impacting our revenue. So as we ended the year, you can see when you look at the ePropulsion segment, we ended up coming in at about $540 million of revenue in the fourth quarter, which is about $200 million to $300 million short of our original guidance when we were expecting to get to break even. So that business ended up losing about I think $16 million or so in the fourth quarter. I think what gives us some comfort in the way we're managing the profitability of that business is the fact that we were down $200 million to $300 million in revenue versus our original guidance. If we had simply let contribution margin flow through on that lower revenue, we probably would have had a bigger loss than $16 million in the quarter. So I think we feel good about the fact that we're managing the profitability of that business in light of some of the near-term volatility. But ultimately, the path to breakeven into long-term profitability of that business comes from successfully converting on the incremental revenue. And what we take a lot of comfort in is that we see the contribution margin really flowing through the business. I mean you can see it in the 2024 guide right? We're converting on an all-in basis at mid-teens. And all of the growth in 2024 is coming from the eBusinesses. So, we see the underlying fundamentals of the profitability coming through it. So as we scale that business, we see the path towards the profitability objectives of the Company intact for that portfolio.
Kevin Nowlan: I mean with respect to the foundational business, implicitly, you're right. The revenue is down a little bit. Year-over-year, somewhere in our guidance implicitly around $60 million to $260 million, which means we're down about 0.5 point to 2 points in that portfolio year-over-year. If you look at the underlying markets that those products support being the combustion and hybrid markets, those are down anywhere from 3% to 6% on a year-over-year basis. So we are outperforming those markets as those are going down a little bit year-over-year, but we are seeing a revenue line. And as you know, at our Investor Day, we talked about our expectation that overtime, we're going to see revenue in the foundational portfolio is coming under some pressure. And what we needed to do is make sure we're managing that P&L holistically, pricing cost restructuring to make sure that we would sustain that margin profile over time. And we fully expect to do that and we expect to execute that in '24 as well as all the way through the end of the Charging Forward plan.
Kevin Nowlan: I mean, fundamentally, we're not going to break out the details in terms of our guide, but fundamentally, in order for us to execute on our foundational margin profile over the coming years in line with Charging Forward. It means we need to decrement on an all-in basis in that mid-teens. And for our eProduct portfolio to deliver on its margin expectations we need to convert in the mid-teens. And I think you see the blend of that actually coming through the financials and the P&L in our '24 guidance.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. Fair question, I mean, typically, we've run in the past at 5%. We've had years where we've dipped below, and we've been in the 4.5% to 5% range. But then you see the last couple of years, we've been elevated running closer to 6% than 5%. My expectation over time is that as we get to more of a normalized run rate environment, we're probably coming back down toward that 5% range.
Fred Lissalde: The products for the each side of hybrids are similar than the products on BEV. They are the same motors, the same power electronics, they are the same transmission cases, they are the same high-voltage coolant heaters. So, it's from an R&D perspective, it's extremely fungible, they're the same engineers, and from a capital standpoint, it's pretty fungible too. So, we've developed an eProduct portfolio that is, I would say, very fungible across hybrids and BEV very much so.
Fred Lissalde: So let me take a step back here. I think Borg is very good at taking great technologies and commercializing them and globalizing them. Look at what we've done with Delphi, look at what we've done with Akasol, which was -- which literally had lower revenue. This year, we had about $750 million at the midpoint. The plan with Eldor on DC/DC converters on both charges is exactly that. And so, I'm very optimistic about the drive that we can generate and profitable growth that we can generate from the engineering base that we acquired with Eldor.
Fred Lissalde: So I would say, Joe, that we're outgrowing the inflational side by about 300 basis points. I would tell you that on the side, I see more upside than downside at this point in time. And we are constantly as we presented a few months ago and as we review the team regularly, we're constantly restructuring in a position of strength. And that, I believe, will allow us to maintain the foundation of margins as it is called by our third pillar of Charging Forward.
Fred Lissalde: So if you take the CV packs, growing 65% CAGR year-over-year. And we are ramping up in U.S. significantly in Q2 and in Europe at the end of the year and more to come. So I would say that the end of 2024 jump-off point on CV is much higher than the current year. On light-vehicle, roughly 60% of the programs that we've disclosed so far, we're launching this year or we've launched at the tail end of last year. So even if there is some variability possible, I think you're right, the jump-off point at the end of this year is going to be from a much bigger base on a light-vehicle standpoint, as it is, I just alluded to on the CV side. So I would say that if the customer volumes are holding as our country forecasting, we would expect to be within that range in 2025.
Fred Lissalde: For now, we're focusing on '24. We're launching so many products. We're focusing on '24, and we'll let you know what we think finally on '25 in due course. '24 is our focus, but I just wanted to give you the color of the different building blocks between CV and light vehicles.
Fred Lissalde: So I'll take the second part of the question. There is no M&A in the $4.5 billion to $5 billion. It is booked business. There is a significant portion of about $2 billion of M&A in 2027.
Fred Lissalde: Yes. So for customers, I think most probably you need to ask them. I think there is some flexibility. We are hearing commentaries as you do that in the U.S., there is some intention to report hybrids outside of the U.S., hybrid is a big portion of the new energy vehicles. In China, it’s 30% to 40%. In Europe, it's a big percentage, too. What's important to me is that we've built a product portfolio that is totally fungible across hybrid and BEV. R&D is the same engineers, power electronics, motors, transmission, thermal, it's the same thing. For us, it does not matter. We can support our customers to wherever they want to go.
Fred Lissalde: Rod, I think it's a little too early to see the communication and the RFQ materializing on the hybrid side. But I would say that with the scale that we have in our eProducts that cuts the grass hybrid, different types of hybrids and BEV, we can be one of the enablers of a rapid launch of hybrid powertrain for those customers.
Fred Lissalde: So first of all, the financial profile of Eldor was fully comprehended when we did the due diligence and it was fully comprehended into the views of our financials. Integrating companies becoming, I think, a real strength of BorgWarner. And we do that in a very disciplined way, and we're doing it with a very disciplined way with Eldor too. We are locating BorgWarner people on location. And we are managing the business starting Day one where we've owned Eldor for a couple of months now. But we are going to just manage the Eldor business as we manage the BorgWarner business with financial discipline. There are attractive businesses in onboard chargers, DC/DC converter and one-box, which again is totally the same products, either it's hybrid or BEV. And we see a lot of pools and a large event from our customers in those electronics technologies too.
Fred Lissalde: And then what's really important is to understand that the RMB CapEx are for EV and hybrids. And again, I'd say it's wonderful times, the products are the same for us in light vehicle, whether it goes in the hybrid or above. It's the same people it's the same R&D, it's the same CapEx.
Fred Lissalde: I would add one thing is that on the combustion side. We don't really see no new -- we don't really see new engines or new transmissions being developed. It is more a longer life or slightly higher volume on the current product. So even if combustion, as you mentioned, may go back up or longer tail that doesn't prevent us to adjust the [SA] and the engineering as I mentioned, of the foundational P&L.
Fred Lissalde: Yes, we are ramping up a second production line in Seneca, North Carolina. We have our first production line in the Michigan area. This is ramping up in Q2. And the same line is being commissioned for Europe, and this will ramp up data in the year. And that is the 65% year-over-year growth at the midpoint for those daypacks. The demand is much higher than what we can produce. And we don't see in the commercial vehicle, any noise of any slowdown whatsoever to the contrary. So that's pretty much what we're doing on the very back. We don't see any issues on sales of the play. And all that is reviewed and monitored very in a very focused way and a very precise way.
Fred Lissalde: Noah, I think we're always quoting businesses with 15% return on invested capital. We have volume based closes and everything that I see is tending towards meeting those 15% return on invested capital, and we very experienced on how to do that. For us, it doesn't change whether it is a new product or eProduct, the rules are all the same.
