Frederic Lissalde: John, Yes. I think you're right, there are more opportunities on the organic side. We still have 9 to 12 months to go in order to book business that will see daylight in 2025, our organic target was at 2.5. We're at 2.7 and continuing to book business. Yes, you see opportunities in Pass car and commercial vehicles. Some of the products I alluded to our own commercial vehicles. And on the M&A, I would say that we are engaged with a few targets. We have a healthy pipeline of M&A targets. And I'm pretty happy where we are on Charging Forward. I'm laser-focused on charging forward. We're winning. Target is $4.5 billion of BEV revenue in 2025, and we are absolutely on target.
Frederic Lissalde: Yes. It's true that the situation is a bit unusual with commodity and other increases. And so discussions are happening with our customers, and we expect everyone to pay their fair share, to be honest, in this situation. Logistic issues have been also impacted by never-ending customer schedule changes. And so we're talking to our customers and hopefully getting to some resolutions.
Frederic Lissalde: Yes. Thanks, Noah. So hydrogen can be used in 2 ways, right? First, you inject it into combustion. And second, you use it as a fuel cell, which is a range extender of a battery electric vehicle. Here, this win, a small in nature is hydrogen as a mean of combustion. So you inject hydrogen rather than injecting gasoline.  We've been working with a lot of customers actually on this. This is a pretty appealing technology -- and we've actually had in our tech centers engine fired up with hydrogen as a combustion mean over the past few months. And yes, it's something that can be of interest. And we are focusing especially on commercial vehicle, construction and agricultural opportunities at this point in time. And so one thing I would add, this is not a big part of the R&D increase at all, right? It is the biggest part of the -- 100% part of the R&D increase is linked to BEV, right? And if you compute the numbers, this year we will have 45%, 45% of our total R&D focused in BEV, which is for me, absolutely exciting because I think it really validates the essence of Charging Forward. And I'm very proud about where we are.
Frederic Lissalde: Chris, first of all, R&D, it's more development and application engineering than R&D, right? We're not scratching our heads to figure out what product we're going to develop, right? We have that portfolio. So it is both for launches and high confidence pursuits.
Frederic Lissalde: HMC was for the -- as you mentioned, for A-class iDM. With Santroll, we are really bringing a portfolio of motors for whole suite of power level. And so this is -- this acquisition is not linked to that iDM with Hyundai since this was a motor that we were already doing in-house.  So the logic is around -- I sometimes alluded to vertical integration as part of our M&A focus. This is clearly a vertical integration with great manufacturing capabilities. And it really expands the eMotor portfolio at scale from the A class that you can think about with Hyundai to long-haul trucks at scaling different power levels. So that's pretty much the highlights of the logic of that acquisition from a portfolio standpoint.
Frederic Lissalde: And it's true that 2025 might be -- '24, '25 might be a key inflection point. And for us, jumping off that inflection point already having in-house. Right now, as of this call, $3.3 billion of booked business, I'm not talking about other things than booked, with the target of being at 4.5% or above is a great jump-off point.
Frederic Lissalde: I think we are on track. And personally, I'm fully focused on Charging Forward. And with the broader team, I think we're absolutely on track. We are ahead of organic bookings, and I'm very proud of that. I would say that our decentralized operating model allows me and a few others at the top of the house to really spend a lot of time charging forward. And I'm really excited to up our game on R&D with 45% of R&D on EV next year. I think it really, really validates the essence of using the cash that we generate and reinvesting it in the business with the traction that we have for all the e-products that we now have in our portfolio. I am happy with where we are just a year after or maybe less than a year after the announcement of Charging Forward.
Frederic Lissalde: I think, as Kevin alluded to before, we see some good prospects and the pipeline of growth is strong with that -- investments go with it. And we're not shy about investing for the future of battery pack technologies and battery pack product leadership. We are -- we have literally -- we are in-charge in last Thursday. So we're putting in place the different steps to run the company the way we would like it to be run.  I am very impressed by the talents in this company. The technology leadership that they have and the bookings that they've been able to generate in Europe and in the U.S. will be one of the only one in the world having production facilities for high-volume commercial vehicle battery packs in both sides of the pump. So A lot of work to be done, but very, very excited about running with the AKASOL people and talents.
Frederic Lissalde: Dan, I think you're right, the EV market adoption appears to be accelerating based on public comments and also with conversation with our customers. What's very important for us is our positioning in 2025, and that's really key to our long-term success target of $4.5 billion of BEV product in 2025. We're at $3.3 million and we have time to book more organic business, and we have a healthy pipeline of M&A. So more to come on that. I think the jump-off point of 2025 is really, really important having the right portfolio, the right product leadership, the right customer intimacy and the right base of a significant multibillion-dollar BEV revenue in 2025 is going to be key to our success.
Kevin Nowlan: I'll take that, John, on the AKASOL, I think previously what we had disclosed was $0.5 billion of revenue in 2024. We've rolled this forward to 2025, which suggests we're probably more in that $600 million ZIP code. When you look at Santoll, which is in that number as well. Santroll's actually predominantly at least the revenue that we see through 2025 more eMotor business in high-voltage hybrids. So the bulk of their revenue is not likely going to count toward our explicit battery electric vehicle goal. It actually doesn't add a lot to that particular bar, but it adds a lot to our capabilities, and that's what we're really excited about with Santoll. With respect to the R&D reimbursements, it's really just a function of what we were able to accomplish at the end of the year. Recoveries sometimes come in higher or lumpier in certain quarters, and that's exactly what we saw in Q4. I mean our recoveries were up $20 million or so from what we were previously expecting. I wouldn't view that as a trend. I think that's just sometimes you get some lumpiness when you go quarter to quarter or year to year.
Kevin Nowlan: Rod, it's Kevin. A couple of things. First, on the growth in the market outlook. Remember, when we're quoting our 6% to 9%, we're also including commercial vehicles. So this is a weighted average of our markets, which is the light vehicle, which is displayed on that slide. but the commercial vehicle as well. And you can see the blend in the backup slides that we provided.  So we know China actually from a commercial vehicle standpoint is going to be a headwind in that market in the high teens. Or when you look at Europe, Europe light vehicle might be growing in the mid-teens, but the commercial vehicle side of that single-digit growth. So when you factor all those growth elements in across light and commercial vehicle, the way we're weighted, it comes out to 6% to 9%. So if you take a look at that backup slide we have in the appendix materials and hopefully, that will help answer that question. On the conversion question you had, I'm sorry, were you asking a '21 versus '20? Or a '22 versus '21 question? I didn’t --
Kevin Nowlan: Sure. When you look at the conversion, the way to think about it, if you look at on an all-in basis, we're converting year-over-year in that, call it, 2% to 10%-ish kind of a range, ZIP code. But that includes the $130 million to $160 million of R&D. And so if you back out the increase, that $130 million to $160 million of R&D, we're actually converting year-over-year in the low to mid-teens. Call it, more in that 13% to 15% range. And so what are the puts-and-takes on that? Well, on the negative side, we have commodity cost headwinds because remember, last year, that $65 million net impact that we experienced over the course of the year was predominantly in Q3 and Q4. And so as we come into the new year, we're going to continue to get that impact in the first couple of quarters. That's going to be about $50 million to $60 million in those first couple of quarters. On top of that, we are seeing some additional inflationary pressures coming from the supply base that are part of our guide as well, not as big as what we're seeing on the commodity side, but there is definitely inflationary cost pressure coming through that's factored in. And then those things are being offset by restructuring savings that we're continuing to drive as well as incremental cost synergies on a year-over-year basis. And so those puts-and-takes, commodity costs, supplier inflation, restructuring synergies, those are basically offsetting to get us to that, call it, low to mid-teens conversion year-over-year.
Kevin Nowlan: Really, I think that ultimately impacts the seller willingness to be able to execute a transaction. When we go into a transaction, we're looking at a discounted cash flow analysis based on the long-term prospects for the business. And obviously, if you have a relatively frothy public market, it influences the way that sellers can think about valuation. So that makes it sometimes more difficult to bridge difference in perspectives on valuation. So as those types of valuations come down in the public markets, that undoubtedly helps in some of the discussions that we have on the buy side. But again, that's a data point. But for us, we're really focused on the long-term value of the business through the intrinsic value, which is built based on our discounted cash flow analysis.
Kevin Nowlan: That's correct. And remember, when we talked about this as part of Charging Forward even, we talked about our expectation that R&D would step up to the low to mid-5% range on a go-forward basis. And that stepped up here as part of our 2022 guide. As we, again, have high confidence pursuits as well as the wins that we've generated and that we're working on launching, it's driving that, but it's right in line with our prior expectations of being in that 5% to 5.5% ZIP code on R&D.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. If you exclude purchase price amortization, it's still we expect it's going to be a little bit negative this year just based on where we're jumping into it. Again, we haven't had control of that operation yet until effectively last Thursday. Last Thursday, we completed the merger squeeze-out process which allows us to now fully control that operation. And so we're excited to get in there and really run the day-to-day operations of that business going forward and manage it the way we would at BorgWarner, which continuing to drive the types of revenue growth that they're seeing, which probably has more upside than downside from what we've seen as well as driving the types of profitability and cash generation we would expect. But a little bit of a margin headwind this year because it will be a little bit less than breakeven before PPA.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, good question. Synergies actually ended up coming in stronger towards the end of the year than we anticipated. Some of the things that we were executing on benefited us in Q4. So actually, part of the tailwind we saw in Q4 relative to our guide with synergies coming in stronger. So cumulatively, through the end of 2021, we're at about $140 million which included year-over-year, last year $125 million, which means to now get to our ultimate $175 million of objective, there's only $35 million of synergies left to go. So a little bit lighter remaining in 2022 relative to what we signaled last quarter, only because of the acceleration into 2021. And then on restructuring, you're right, we had guided that $30 million to $35 million is what we signaled last quarter. I'd say we should be at least at that level, if not slightly higher as we come out of 2022.
Kevin Nowlan: Well, the geographic mix for us isn't a tailwind because what we do is we report on a weighted average market basis. So we're not looking at just global markets. We're looking at our weighted average mix. So the fact that you're seeing higher growth in jurisdictions where we might be more weighted, that's already factored into our assessment of market and embedded in that 6% to 9% guide for blended market. So when you look at us in 2022, what we're effectively guiding toward is our growth above that market, our weighted average market is in that 4% to 5% range this year. And that's jumping off of last year's about 1,000 basis points of outgrowth on a year-over-year basis. So continuing to deliver that mid-single-digit outgrowth as we look ahead. Now for us, our focus is less on outgrowth each year and more about how we execute relative to Charging Forward in 2025. 25% EV mix in 2025, which corresponds to roughly $4.5 billion of EV-related revenue. And that's really how we're measuring success. But underlying that is the expectation that we'll continue that mid-single-digit outgrowth on a go-forward basis.
Kevin Nowlan: It's not really driven by any sort of a mix benefit as we look ahead into 2022. It's really some of the product launches, some of the strength that we have on particular programs that are ramping up still. And so there's nothing unusual from a pure mix perspective about that outgrowth.
Kevin Nowlan: I mean I'll start in general, our components can be utilized. Our e-components can be utilized, whether it's light vehicle or commercial vehicle. And as we think about e-axle, e-axle is definitely an important piece of the market on a go-forward basis in CV, but it's not the entirety of the market either. And so our ability to supply components into that market, whether it's e-motors like we've had success on, whether it's inverters or other things, that opportunity is absolutely there, and we've been generating those wins. And then you can even see what we talked about today with the eFan win as well as the GILLIG announcements on battery packs. So there's definitely opportunity for us in CV, and e-axles aren't an end all be all that drives whether we can be successful in the CV market.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I think we're pleased that we were able to accomplish step 1 here, the sale of about $200 million of revenue relative toward that $1 billion goal. So we are pretty pleased with that. I will say that the current end market environment conditions with the volatility we've seen with the $76 million global light vehicle market and with the supply chain uncertainties, has absolutely had an impact on buyers -- broadly buyers' willingness to engage in some of these discussions over the last couple of quarters. But we do have a pipeline that we're pursuing to drive toward that $1 billion of dispositions later this year. I think it's just going to be helpful for us to see a more stable market environment because I think appetite is there when the market is more stable and more certain.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. As we look ahead after 2022, our expectation is that we're going to continue to deliver the types of cost performance we've been generating over the last few years, driving restructuring savings that have been coming into the P&L and will continue to come into the P&L. Maybe still a little bit of a tail left on some of the cost synergies from a Delphi perspective.  But at the end of the day, what's really going to drive the margin performance jumping off of 2022 into the next few years is going to be where end markets are, because obviously, we're talking about a guide that's based on -- at the midpoint, about 80 million light vehicles. And so our ability to deliver continued improvement in our margin profile is going to be markets returning to a more normalized level, call it, the high 80s of millions of units or even where IHS is now talking about being in the 90 million next year. Ultimately, our ability to convert on incremental revenue on growing markets is there the same way it's always been, but markets are going to be a big driver of our ability to improve the margin from where we are today. In terms of that question about trade-off in growth versus margin, we're willing to make that trade-off to the extent that the new business wins are there to support investment in R&D. And you can see that in what we're doing in 2022, stepping up our R&D $130 million to $160 million is obviously a pretty meaningful step-up at greater than 20% increase in our R&D. And so we're willing to do that if we see the growth opportunities there because we think it's the right thing to do for the company. So the more growth opportunities to see, the more we're willing to invest in those growth opportunities through R&D. And if that comes at the expense of near-term margin, so be it. But we still see the trajectory of margin growing over the coming years.
Kevin Nowlan: Well, I think we saw obviously the big step-up this year. We had guided before that we thought we'd be in the 5% to 5.5% range on a go-forward basis, and we were running below 5% the last couple of years. So this is a major step-up that we thought aligned with our longer-term objectives. So we would expect to continue to invest in increasing R&D, but probably in that ZIP code of where we're operating today in that 5% to 5.5%. But what's important to also note is that we're now starting to see the EV revenue coming into the P&L. And we expect to have healthy contribution margins on that. I mean you can see we indicated in our press release today that our EV revenue is north of $800 million in 2022, embedded in our guidance, which is more than double what it was last year.  So we're getting contribution on that incremental revenue, which is now starting help fund that increase in R&D investment. So I'd say less of a headwind as we go forward because we start to operate at a more normalized R&D that's more of our steady-state run rate R&D expense on a go-forward basis as a percent of sales and then getting contribution margin on that revenue as it comes into the P&L.
Kevin Nowlan: No, I was going to comment on that. I mean, really, it's the drive toward about $4.5 billion under our Charging Forward plan, which is the 25% EV mix. So as we jump off of 2022, $800 million, growing to $4.5 billion or so in 2025, I mean that's the type of growth you should expect. Part of that coming from acquisitions, but the bulk of that really coming from the -- what's already in our business today.
Kevin Nowlan: We're not going to comment on that right now. We'll give you more clarity around the outlook on that when we close on the transaction.
Kevin Nowlan: We'll see. I think just as you alluded to there at the end of your question, I think it's really going to be dependent on a more stable end market environment. So undoubtedly, the end markets inform buyers and sellers as to how to think about valuation. I'll tell you in this market right now with the choppiness we're seeing and the volatility and only an 80 million unit global end market that we're projecting at the moment, it makes things a little bit more challenged on the disposition side.  But we'll see how things progress from here because I think as market conditions stabilize. And if there's continued rotation toward more value-related investments, maybe that will be a tailwind, but we'll see. Our focus is on executing our strategic plans, controlling what we can control and making sure we get good value for the assets that we dispose of.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I mean when you look at that, you're right, a good chunk of outgrowth this year is being driven by the EV and we're excited about that. But we're continuing to see some level of that organic growth coming from the combustion business as well. So the combustion business has actually been holding up well and actually outperforming the market. So not sure what to add to that other than I think we feel pretty good that the combustion portfolio is holding up and the e-business is now really starting to gain traction and coming through in the P&L.
Kevin Nowlan: We're definitely seeing that as it relates to hybrids. I mean, when you look at the advanced hybrid technologies, those products lend themselves to driving more efficiency and downsizing of the engine. And so we do see adoption rates of products like turbos, VCT, GDI actually increasing in the hybrid world. And so that is a piece of what we expect to be a tailwind for the coming years and why we continue to expect underlying growth in that C-portfolio over the next few years.
