Ken Lamb: Thanks, Angela. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us. We issued our earnings release this morning at approximately 8:00 a.m. Eastern Time. It's posted on our website borgwarner.com on our homepage. A replay of today’s conference call will be available through November 4. The dial-in number for that replay is 800-642-1687. You'll need the conference ID, which is 11581019. The replay will also be available on our website. With regard to our Investor Relations calendar, we’ll be attending several conferences over the next few months. November 1, we will be at the Gabelli Automotive Symposium in Las Vegas; November 8, we will be at the Baird Industrial Conference in Chicago; November 14, we will be at the Barclays Global Automotive Conference in New York; November 17, we will be at the Morgan Stanley Auto Meeting in Los Angeles; December 8, we will be at the Goldman Sachs Global Auto Conference in London; and we will be at the Deutsche Bank Global Auto Industry Conference in Detroit in early January. Also we will be releasing our 2012 to 2014 backlog of net new business on November 8 and providing color on the backlog at the Baird Conference. Before we begin, I need to inform you that during this call, we may make forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties as detailed in our 10-K. Our actual results may differ significantly from the matters discussed today. Now, moving on to our results, Tim Manganello, Chairman and CEO, will comment on the third quarter and current industry trends and then Robin Adams, our CFO, will discuss the details of our operating results and also our outlook for the rest of the year. With that, I'll turn it over to Tim.
Ken Lamb: We will now turn to the Q&A portion of the call. I would like to ask the call coordinator to please announce the Q&A procedure.
Ken Lamb: Thanks. I'd like to thank you all again for joining us. We expect to file our 10-Q before the end of the day, which will provide details of our results. If you have any follow-up questions about our earnings release or any thing discussed during this call, please direct them to me. Angela, you can close out the call now.
Timothy M. Manganello: DCT penetration rate will continue to grow, I don’t have the exact numbers in front, but we have all sorts of charts, I just don’t them in front of me, usually I have two. You’re going to see DCT penetration rates probably grow at 20%, 25% of the total market globally. And all you can see is a continued swing towards probably wet-clutch DCT because dry-clutch DCT, people have dry-clutch DCTs right now are starting to see difficulty in the operational performance of the product line in the marketplace. Well, I don’t mention any customers.
Timothy M. Manganello: Skilled labor is a challenge, but we always find the right people, and when we’ve got the right people, and we continue to grow our business. We are growing significant; it will be a significant percentage of our business. Because we are growing so strongly now in Eastern Europe and in Korea, and we are back to growing in the United States. China will as a percentage, will grow or outpace, on a percentage wise will outpace the company, the rest of the regions, but because the rest of the regions are growing, also the percentage is difference of percentages of growth won’t be that significant. Let me just say this though, our sales from in the last three years have probably tripled in China. And as I look forward in the next five years, our sales will probably more than double in China over the next five years. And that doubling was often due to a much higher base than the base that we had three years ago when we tripled between three years ago and now. So we don’t breakout – we don’t break it out, that’s by country, that’s specifically, but China will be, let’s just say this. The sales in China will probably be equal to or stronger than our domestic sales to the territory in North America.
Timothy M. Manganello: Well, reporting in capacity in China as we speak for dual-clutch transmission are often alluded to that now, we are putting in capacity for most chain on a chain products, we are putting in capacity on turbochargers, also in Ningbo. We are putting in capacity, because like I said we are doubling sales in the next four to five years, and that’s on a conservative, what I think is a fairly conservative long-range plan for China. I think that China is just a phenomenal growth opportunity for BorgWarner for sure because of the focus on fuel economy and emissions, well, it’s an equally good growth opportunity for the rest of the industry, probably just not as good as it for BorgWarner. Mexico. Brazil, we are growing in Brazil very strongly right now on the commercial side. We’re moving as the Germans are staring to localize as the Koreans on Jim, Brazil just changed the localization loss, and that’s going to force the people who are shipping product into Brazil, there will be – the product that was made in other countries, and they were shipping into Brazil. They will have to localize in Brazil now, and that we are ready for them, we are just putting in a new campus, say I was just down there a couple of months ago, we’re under construction for a new building, new buildings, new tech center, and what we see in Brazil is what we were doing in China five years ago, we are on the launch pad for more growth in Brazil. And Mexico, Mexico is growing because we are making all the turbochargers for the Ford Ecoboost down in Mexico right now, and we have tremendous volumes for Ford on the Ecoboost, not just on the six cylinder rear-wheel drive pickup trucks like that are growing, that are very half right now for turbochargers, but we’ve picked up global we have picked up our four-cylinder turbocharger business for Ecoboost, so we have at Ford. So we have a tremendous opportunity for growth in Mexico, those products will be made in Mexico where we shipped to the plants in Mexico and North America.
Timothy M. Manganello: No. That all sits at corporate. If you look on our second disclosure on the second page of the press release we show Engine, we show Drivetrain and then corporate and all other kind of stuff. It’s in there, it’s very clear if you look at, I think we’re $20 million, $21 million in the third quarter of this year, like 34 last year.H Peter Nesvold – Jefferies & Co.: Okay, right.
Timothy M. Manganello: That’s where you see the difference.H Peter Nesvold – Jefferies & Co.: Okay, excellent. All right that’s it.
Timothy M. Manganello: Just to let you know, we all suffered the same pain in the third quarter unfortunately.H Peter Nesvold – Jefferies & Co.: A lot of us did. All right thank you for the time.
Timothy M. Manganello: Well, I think there is always an opportunity for customers to upgrade their technology and we give them that option. We don’t make the whole transmission, we just make the wet clutch module and dry clutch module. I think if the people that are in the dry clutch business, I’m not going to mention any specific names, but people in the dry clutch business or the people that are working on dry clutch, that are working on dry clutch programs, are probably reassessing the path they’re going to take in the future on wet versus dry-clutch and we’re seeing a lot more activity on dry-clutch technology and dry-clutch development. I’m sorry, a lot more activity on what clutch activity and what clutch development programs.
Timothy M. Manganello: Almost nothing. We do almost nothing there, we have a little operation of what they do right now. The issue is, our customers mainly the Japanese customers do a lot of work and source parts from Thailand. So we don’t know, we saw it yesterday in the paper that Toyota is kind of looking at some of their overtime schedules, and they maybe be tweaking overtime temporarily. So for us there is no production effect to speak of, because those percentages are so small, rounding here inside BorgWarner. But it’s what it does to our Japanese customers mainly.
Timothy M. Manganello: This is Tim. We will do everything we can to protect our margins if there is some kind of significant downturn in Europe let’s say hypothetically. We, as I said, we’ve got pre-agreements with Works Council, we’ve got everything set to go, so if we ever had to flip the switch, we’ve taken all the lag time out of the reaction time. So, we pretty much are going to do everything we can to protect our margins in Europe, and I think our margins will continue to do well and hold strong and North America, Japan, China, Brazil and all the rest of the world. So, in my mind Europe is probably just the only question mark on what happens and how strong we can hold the margins.
Timothy M. Manganello: The other thing is since the last downturn part of the reason why our margins today are doing so well and are stronger and higher than and is because we actually never put a lot of people back in after the last recession, when things started to pick up and we started to get the growth rates back for 2010 and 2011. We didn’t hire a lot of salaried back, we hired enough to support all our growth continue all the development programs and invest for the future on technology, but we still held the line and to this day, I’m still approving every salary hired worldwide. And I think you’re going to see that’s going to turn out to be a tremendous benefit for us. Now, that kept us lean, so because of that, we’re hopefully we are still in, but we don’t have as much to go after if there is another downturn when it comes to salary workforce.
Timothy M. Manganello: On the macro level, if you take the Thailand noise out like you just said, Toyota and the rest of them have not come back up to full pace yet in terms of filling their pipeline on inventory, meeting all our orders, so there is still more upside on sales and more upside on production because of replenishing their inventory worldwide. So, there is more upside on the production side, so now at ’11, we won’t jump in on the rest of it.
Timothy M. Manganello: Well, we don’t track content per vehicle, number one. So, I couldn’t even give you clue as to what it means to us. As far as the aftermarket, our sales have stayed pretty even, as a percent of sales, the aftermarket is about 6% of our sales and that’s typically where it still has been. On the commercial side, you mentioned commercial, the commercial side for this year and for the last number of quarters is about 15% to 16% of our sales and it stayed constant, I think year-to-date it’s 15% of sales. So, we are seeing a strong growth on the commercial side in Europe and North America and China is the only place where the markets kind of falling down and we are still doing well in China because like I said in my call, or my part of the call. We are selling more turbochargers to increase penetration rates on turbochargers in China, I don’t know if any destocking going on and I don’t know the answer to that, I can’t comment on content per vehicle is that’s not the way we look to run the business.Timothy Denoyer – Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Yeah, but that’s my estimate.
Timothy M. Manganello: Right now Europe and North America are about even and commercial, they are spread out between turbochargers, and fan and fan drives mainly and I don’t care now with a split between which one is large and which one is between turbo and thermal. I can’t remember, but it’s probably not that important. We’re seeing strength and still seeing strength and like I said commercial turbochargers in Europe is strong, North America is strong, thermal and Europe is strong, North America is strong. And it’s about 50:50 for us between Europe and North America.Timothy Denoyer – Wolfe Trahan & Co.: Okay, thanks very much.
Timothy M. Manganello: We don’t get any numbers, Morse chain is a big growth product for BorgWarner globally. Within Morse Gemini we have two sides of the business, we have the chain side of the business, some of which is timing drive systems of the chains and the rest of the timing drive systems sprockets and guides and snubbers. Good growth globally, China, Brazil, opportunities in Brazil in the future, growth in Korea right now saw a tremendous growth on that side. The other part of the Morse chain side, which is kind of like maybe the sleeping giant for the future is variable cam timing. We have those variables cam timing, which I’ve said over the last number of years and quarters, it’s the kind of like the generation two or generation three technology. And it basically is so sophisticated that it will allow when combined with turbocharging, it will allow these OEMs from around the world and we are working on development programs with someone right now to recalibrate and redesign their engines, which will give them a long way of meeting this 54.5 mile per gallon CAFÉ in North America, and the more stringent standards for CO2 emissions in Europe. But variable camp timing could be the sleeping giant in the future of this company. But obviously, turbocharges still dwarf everything else on the engine side. EGR coolers when we did the acquisition on EGR coolers combined with our diesel EGR technology is really EGR valves. We are seeing great growth, the ENSA acquisition combined with our emissions business before hand. It was basically, the ENSA acquisition was hitting it’s targets, we’ve bought it earlier in the year, I think right at the beginning of the year or at the end of last year, I think it was. And they’re actually starting to exceed our expectations and they are doing better than their original plan. There is tremendous growth opportunity for them because they offer systems approach to EGR and EGR cooling combined with turbocharging. So, we have all these complimentary technologies that all work together whether it’s variable cam timing, EGR cooling, EGR values, and turbocharging that all come together to this optimized engineering management through efficient combustion, which we’ve talked about as a strategy for BorgWarner for the last eight years. Fan and fan drives on the commercial side, tremendous opportunities. So, I mean I could take a whole lot of products, we have probably 15 products I could talk about, but those are some of the big hitters on the engine side, which is where your question was.
Timothy M. Manganello: I’m not going to say (inaudible) unless I see him with at least a number that’s in the (inaudible) present margin range over there on the Drivetrain, so we got a, it may take us a while, a long while to get there, but we’re on an improvement curve that someday can get, hopefully get us there.
Robin J. Adams: I’ve got that data, John. If you look at the two major markets in the world where DCT really is going to take hold, European markets five years from now, 50% of the automatic transmission will be dual-clutch, five years from now approximately, 40% of the automatic transmission from China will be dual-clutch. 
Robin J. Adams: It's probably a fair number, this year the real driver there is income tax, we are paying for the first nine months, we are paying about $70 million more in cash taxes this year than last year. So one thing, it’s little bit hard to gauge, but I would expect that the level we are running at now is a pretty fair level.
Robin J. Adams: As a Tim said before, we expected a sequential improvement in second quarter and third quarter, and we’re expecting improvement in the fourth quarter as well. So that core year-over-year comparison that business should be north of 9% in the fourth quarter.Rich Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities, Llc: Okay.
Robin J. Adams: Well, we’ve said this before, as sales decline the incremental margins are higher, or the decremental margins versus sales increasing. And just a function of that, when sales are increasing it’s typically in regions of the world where you are putting growth in place. And Europe as we’ve said before, we don’t have the type of flexibility if we have in other parts of the world, having said that though Tim went through earlier and talked about our plans in case volumes trended down in Europe, we do have a number of temporary workers at least to get us through the first phase, but yeah, volatility is an issue for us, as anyone in the industry we’d loved to see our facilities run 1,000 units a day for 242 days a year instead of 600 and 1,200 and 300, and 1,500. It’s a challenge from an operating perspective.
Robin J. Adams: Again Tim laid out earlier that all the work that’s been done and getting prepared that we’ve looked at and the actions that our plant would result in managing to about $0.20 on the dollar decremental margins, so, which is kind of where we performed in the last downturn.
Robin J. Adams: And it shows up in our SG&A, again if you look at year-over-year, I think again excluding the benefit of the stock decline in the quarter, SG&A was only up about $10 million to $11 million year-over-year and $13 million increase in R&D, which means that the rest of the spending in the SG&A line item is being held fairly flat and tight at this point.Rich Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities, Llc: Right. And then last one for me just on NSK, so the production came back here nicely in the third quarter, I mean do you see more benefit here from the Japanese, I know the Thailand issue, kind of throws some noise into it, but just all else equal where you are going to see more benefit here on the production ramp into the fourth quarter and the first quarter of ’12.
Robin J. Adams: If you look at affiliate earnings, which is kind of what’s driving your question to, it appears to us there was quite a bit of catch-up in the third quarter. So, we are not expecting affiliate earnings in the fourth quarter to the level of third quarter that we saw. It'll be close, but we think repeat for the year for NSK one or affiliate earnings, third quarter, as Tim said though, the business continues to grow; we expect that to grow for us in 2012. For the rest of this year, I think third quarter is a peak for us.Rich Kwas – Wells Fargo Securities, Llc: Okay. Great. Thanks everyone.
Robin J. Adams: Brian, let me help you, every product in the Engine Group had double-digit sales growth in the third quarter. So, it isn’t just turbo driving growth and everyone else relatively flat. Every product area to Tim’s point is growing strongly across the world and we had double-digit sales growth in every product area.
Robin J. Adams: There are couple things, there are still a few engines that are growing from belts to chains, but more important, we have better noise performance, better durability performance and we have better efficiency on a chain that allows you to get slight increases in fuel economy. And the last thing a company wants when they are buying a timing chain systems is they don’t want noise, they don’t want chain stretch and they want durability. And we actually are the leaders in probably all three of those benefits within the chain business. We have probably better durability, better noise and low chain stretch or chain wire.
Robin J. Adams: Not exactly as I said we expect – if you exclude Haldex, again we’re about 8.8% in the third quarter, we expect that to be about 9% in the fourth quarter and growing, and so they’ve got more work to do.
Robin J. Adams: Yes, Jeffrey as I said if you look at our guidance, what you need to do is, if you look at year-to-date performance it implies a fourth quarter of $1.09 to $1.19 a share. And what you need to do is take $0.06 out of the third quarter, add $0.06 to the fourth quarter, so fourth quarter versus what you were thinking before, excluding this timing on the equity. Our employee guidance is really $1.18 to $1.25 for the fourth quarter, which is going to be a record quarter for us for the year, significant improvement over fourth quarter last year. I expect by the end of fourth quarter to be pretty happy talking to you all, and you should be pretty happy as well given the type, if we hit the guidance level we’re indicating here, it will be a damn good quarter.
Robin J. Adams: One of the things we have said before is, we’re struggling to catch up on the R&D side, and we are still, when you look at R&D spending, that maybe 3.5% for the year as a percent of sales, and we’ve traditionally been 4%. So you’ve got a little bit to go on the R&D side. So we would expect as Tim said, he still approves every hire for salaried employees, and I’ve got five that he hasn’t approved for like nine months now, I want to remind him for everyone.
Robin J. Adams: Yeah, that’s fine. Thank you, Tim. They are good hires, but nonetheless, but we do have good cost control focus still on the salary side, but the R&D spending will increase with this business. So we’ll see SG&A margins, they will creep up from that 9% level, but they are not going to be 10%, I will tell you that, they will still be closer to 9%.
Robin J. Adams: I don’t have that up on top of my head. There is a little bit of material inflation next year. We are still going through our look at 2012, and I know there is some material inflation there, I can’t quantify that. Historically, we’ve been about – no matter what’s going on the world, we’ve been about $25 million to $30 million of increase in raw material prices and without knowing any details, in my expectation, it’s going to be no worse than that next year.Patrick Nolan – Deutsche Bank Securities: Thanks very much guys. Good quarter.
