Frédéric Lissalde - BorgWarner, Inc.: Thank you, James. On behalf of BorgWarner, I'd like to thank you for your leadership over the past six years as CEO and 29 years at BorgWarner. You are leaving us very strongly positioned for future growth. So, we'd like to wish you and Tracy a great retirement and a great next chapter of your life. As we look at our priorities for the next six months, there are three that we focused on. One, we are laser-focused on delivering our updated guide, both in terms of organic growth and bottom line earnings. Two, we will secure significant new business awards. I'm very, very happy by the programs we've secured year-to-date, and there are significant second half opportunities across our three segments: combustion, hybrid, and electric. And three, we will monitor and be prepared to manage through the industry risks. These include the potential for additional tariffs. We believe that we're strongly positioned on a relative basis. However, we need to manage any impact on our business going forward. On slide 10, you see some highlights of a few of our key announcements during the quarter. I think the most significant is the establishment of our Indiana Tech Center. This complements our existing investments that exist around the world related to electric propulsion. It's an impressive facility; very, very high tech with outstanding virtual global collaboration tools. It will be one of the great research development and testing hub for us on the electric propulsion field. We also wanted to highlight our upcoming Investor Day on September 18. It will take place at our Propulsion Technical Center here in Michigan and will feature presentations by several members of our senior management team. But as importantly, the event will give you the opportunity to touch and experience the products that will drive our future growth. I look forward to seeing many of you there. With that, let me turn it over to Ron.
Frédéric Lissalde - BorgWarner, Inc.: Yes. Thanks, Joe. In the propulsion area, our strategy to be balanced across combustion, hybrid and electric is the right thing, and this strategy will be executed – is executed and will carry on to be executed. We have no missing pieces in our product portfolio to be able to execute this strategy and be growing at mid- to high-single digits year-over-year. So, we are very happy with where we are from a portfolio perspective, from a product perspective. And as I have mentioned before, if we could – we're already very actively growing the organic portion of our power electronics business. And if we come across with some potential acquisition on power electronic, we would certainly look at that, but absolutely no need for us to look at filling and missing product gap that does not exist.
Frédéric Lissalde - BorgWarner, Inc.: Yes. So, let me give you some clarity on this. So, our organic growth for Q3 is 4.5% to 6.5%. We've seen a lot of pull forward into the first half where we've had a very, very strong backlog. What we see, Joe, is really two market things that are touching us in Q3. One is from a customer mix perspective in China, we see slightly slower growth in the second half. And also from a European customer mix including WLTP certification, we see a little slower numbers too from a market standpoint. On the full year basis, we've upped our guide from 5% to 7% to 6.7% (sic) [6% to 7%] (00:27:10). So, the full year growth is still very, very solid on a [ph] global – on (00:27:16) a weighted market growth of less than 1%.
Frédéric Lissalde - BorgWarner, Inc.: One way to look at it, Rich, is on the year-over-year basis, we drop – the market drops 600 basis points to 700 basis points. And you remember 1% of shift in diesel gas mix is for us, $20 million to $25 million. What we see, and you are right, we see that the headwind declines in 2019 due to our growth in gasoline turbo, EGR, and VCT. What we also see is that overall, as you mentioned, the decline is faster on small diesel than on big diesel and we also see that the pace of the decline is moderating on a month-over-month basis. We've always managed through those diesel headwinds, and we will manage those headwinds going forward.
Frédéric Lissalde - BorgWarner, Inc.: Yes, Rich, what I just want to add is that we think that on a relative basis, we're pretty well positioned since we produce our final product in the same region as our customers production facilities are. So, for sure the commodities and tariffs certainly impact the business through our supply base. And as you mentioned, it's I would say fairly fluid, changes every hour. So, our goal is to be agile and monitor those changes and react appropriately going forward.
Frédéric Lissalde - BorgWarner, Inc.: Yes. So, Chris, on the WLTP certification, I would say that the impact that we may see is already baked in our market assumption and we don't see any company specific major impact.
Frédéric Lissalde - BorgWarner, Inc.: It's in the band. It's in the range. It's a bit too early to know exactly what upside we could see in Q4.
Frédéric Lissalde - BorgWarner, Inc.: Yes. Noah, we see the use of the power electronic portfolio in all of the above. We see an extended product portfolio, for example, on P2 48 volts, on P2 high voltage, iDM for electric vehicles. So, this power electronic product portfolio is going to be instrumental for our ROE. And not only on Drivetrain, it's also the case for eBooster. So, this is this is part of what we've done already for quite some years and Sevcon only added horsepower behind it. The power electronics is pretty much in everything we do and will be part of our products as you will see in the Investor Day going forward.
Frédéric Lissalde - BorgWarner, Inc.: Yes. Brian, I wouldn't say that it reached a floor. But as I mentioned before, the pace of decline is moderating. We still see some decline in the small displacement. So, what I would characterize as below 1.8 or 2 liter. And as far as we're concerned, we're managing the diesel mix fairly well, we have and we will in the future. And by 2019, we'll be totally agnostic in Europe on that mix due to our really good growth on efficient small gasoline engines.
Frédéric Lissalde - BorgWarner, Inc.: I would say that the – we see many different insourcing, outsourcing strategies and those strategies are fluid. What it will – I think one color I would like to give you is I think the insourcing, outsourcing strategy is going to be volume related. And when we will make and we make motors and depending on the volumes that we produce, when it's made by a supplier the volume is going to be much, much bigger than if an OE does it for his own consumption. We have a lot of different factors that are impacting this make or buy decisions from a motor perspective. What I can tell you is that we have in our portfolio one of the best motor in the world with our S-wind forming process that you will see at the Investor Day. The power density of that motor is one of the best that exists around the world. And in our business it's all about having the right product to drive efficiency in propulsion. And I think we're really well-positioned with the products that we have to offer.
Frédéric Lissalde - BorgWarner, Inc.: I don't know exactly what you mean with merge but an inverter is a motor controller. So, having a motor in-house makes the controllability of that motor much easier when you know exactly all attributes of that motor. And our strategy has always been and will always be to position ourselves as being one of the only one in the world from a battery electric vehicle that not only specifies but makes the transmission piece, the motor piece, and the controller, which is the inverter. I hope that answers your question.
Frédéric Lissalde - BorgWarner, Inc.: Yes, yes, I see what you mean, okay. Again, it's not one size fits all. There is a logic to integrate inverter and motor. I think in a battery electric vehicle what our customers are trying to do is limit the 400 volts or high-voltage cables in the car. And when you combine the motor and the inverter together, that helps you doing that. But we also see other architecture types that would keep those two elements separate. It's not because it's separate that I shouldn't work together like on dual-clutch transmission, the controller and the clutch are separate. Nevertheless, they function jointly. So, whether or not it is one unit or two different units, it has to talk to – both units have to talk to each other seamlessly.
Frédéric Lissalde - BorgWarner, Inc.: First of all, the power electronics is part of a bigger system, a bigger product that we sell. It's either imbedded into hybrid modules or drive module for electric vehicles. So, I don't think you'll see us breaking down the power electronics portion of what we sell. As you will see in the Investor Day, it is embedded in everything that we sell going forward and you'll be able to witness touching the products. But I don't think going forward we'll break it down like we won't break down friction versus mechanical or any other pieces of the system we sell.
Frédéric Lissalde - BorgWarner, Inc.: Yes. We'd love to announce more but we can't and we are very respectful of the confidentiality that we have with our customers. I think one way to look at it is if you look at our growth on H&E, a certain portion of it will always have power electronics in there. So, that will give you a little bit of light on our growth in this field of product.
Frédéric Lissalde - BorgWarner, Inc.: Yes. As Ron mentioned, we produce where the final product is concerned. So, there will be very, very marginal direct impact, if not any. So, it's going to be – if it comes, it's going to be all indirect.
Rich M. Kwas: Okay. So, it sounds like you feel pretty comfortable about it easing and being able to offset that so – as you've been doing, so...
Rich M. Kwas: Okay. And then just two for Ron. So, the non-core emissions business, where are you in terms of settling all that? And then second, I know we seem to have a little bit of a respite with regards to tariffs here in the last 24 hours. But just any thoughts around whether how much Section 301 is in the back half from China? And then just any initial thoughts on a Section 232 impact? I realize you may be still going through the numbers, but any color there would be helpful? Thanks.
Rich M. Kwas: For your product portfolio you wouldn't be at a disadvantage versus your key competition with regards to the Section 232 automotive.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Sure, Rich. So, let me talk about emissions first. I would say that the headline is basically we're on track. And what I mean by that is we are doing management presentations with some potential buyers, that should finish up here shortly with final bids coming in. We are moving products out of one of the facilities in Europe. And if all goes well, we're looking at probably a end of Q3 or early Q4 close at this point. So, I would say that in general everything's on track. I'm pretty close to the transaction and things are going well there. On the tariffs side, Rich, so I'm going to go through a little more detail here on that. So, the first thing I'd like to talk about the commodity inflation of the Section 232 around steel and aluminum, we have been experiencing already year-to-date. So, this is something that's just not new. When this was put in place we were seeing some headwinds but we were finding ways to mitigate that and that really dragged those issues into our results. So, that's the first thing I want to note and that'll continue through the year. And I think that the operating folks have done a fantastic job mitigating through the Section 232 steels and aluminum. Now, when you get into the Section 301, we have incorporated, and it's already reflected in our guide, but we are seeing some cost inflation of about a $10 million to $20 million headwind in the back half. But again, like I said, we're working through that and we're finding very – we'll find a lot of alternative ways to get around this but it isn't – it's baked in there. Now, you referred to the Section 232 automotive, I would just say that's a big issue. The numbers are easy to apply because if you look at our total purchases coming into the U.S. that we're still sorting through, it's significant. So, those will have significant impacts on us but we're not really finalized with all those calculations but that's a big impact and that's more speculative in going into next year as you know. But it's a big number for everybody, not just for BorgWarner. And then I just want to comment on NAFTA, that's still kind of hanging out there. And then, there's this extra, the $200 billion that's across the board as well that's a little bit speculative because they haven't really identified all the components that would come under the tariff. The Section 301 was – we can identify components that's why we came up – we can identify the $10 million to $20 million. And in fact, in those numbers we know by component pretty much what the headwinds are. So, hopefully, that's a little bit more clarity around that for you.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: You can basically take $25 million of sales headwind and we didn't take out the cost. So, I'd have to do some calculations and get back with you as far as what the headwinds were, Noah. But it was about $25 million in the region, in North America region for us which – and if you just tie the standard margin to us, you can get some decent numbers there.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Well, one thing, Colin, you got to put in (00:46:05) consideration is that Q1 was actually a very good quarter for us and Q2 was – F-Series is going to kind of get right-sized, going forward. And we're taking a look at a couple other launches that are coming in the back half the year. And year-to-date, we're at 7%, keep in mind, right. So, from what we're seeing in the marketplace, it's shaping up so that we can lower the lower end of the guide and I guess that raises the midpoint is what it does. From what we're seeing, we're pretty confident about it.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Well, yes, so when you talk about the Section 232 steel portion, like I was saying earlier, we've already experienced headwinds but we've also mitigated that. We have plans in place as we took – it came into the quarter for the full year, and we felt that that was not going to significantly impact our operating results on the steel and we looked at alternative ways of mitigating that. So, it's not really a net number at this point. If it is, it's an immaterial portion that's not affecting our operating income. The other one I was mentioning too, was the Section 301 which is a relatively new tariff that's come in that we're still sorting through. But that one is experiencing $10 million to $20 million, and we've found ways to mitigate that that we're working on. But on the steel side, we've done a good job just mitigating it.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Yes, the first thing, and Fréd mentioned this, John, is that we typically produce in the region that our customers are in. We don't have a lot of cross-border products going. We don't serve our North American customers with parts coming out of China for example, right. So, that's a benefit for us for the first thing. But with that said, the Section 232 total automotive parts, obviously if that were to be enacted down the road that would significantly alter our decisions going forward about capital allocation and investments and where we put it. I would say that I think the lessons that's being learned here is that you have to remain flexible and balanced as you start to put investments throughout the world. And when you have a policy environment that tends to be unstable that just means that you have to build in more flexibility in the manufacturing footprint is what we're starting to learn.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: It's what you just said the latter, financial position is good and the stock is cheap. It has nothing to do with the outlook on the M&A side. It's just the opportunity to buy stock, cheap, you're right.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: I wouldn't say it's conservative. I would say that there's a lot of risk factors in the back half of the year that we're focused on right now. And because of all those risk factors, things can move around rapidly for us. So, I think we put in all the risk elements that we're aware of and it's a very realistic number that we hope to deliver here. Actually, we will deliver it.
