Ken Lamb: Thanks Brandy. Good morning and thank you all for joining us. We issued our earnings release this morning at approximately 8:00 a.m. Eastern Time. It's posted on our website, borgwarner.com, on our homepage. A replay of today's conference call will be available through February 21st. The dial-in number for that replay is 800-585-8367. You’ll need the conference ID, which is 93239384. The replay will also be available on our website.  With regard to our IR calendar, we will be attending a number of conferences over the next couple of months. February 20th we will be at the Barclays’ Industrial Select Conference in Miami. March 12th we will be at the UBS Auto Supplier Mini Conference in Boston. March 19th we’ll be at the Sidoti’s Emerging Growth Conference in New York and on March 27th we’ll be at the BofA Merrill Lynch Auto Summit in New York. Before we begin, I need to inform you that during this call we may make forward-looking statements which involve risks and uncertainties as detailed in our 10K. Our actual results may differ significantly from the matters discussed here today. Now, moving on to our results James Verrier, President & CEO will comment on fourth quarter and full year results and current industry trends and then, Ron Hundzinski our CFO, will discuss the details of our operating results and also our outlook for 2013. With that, I’ll turn it over to James.
Ken Lamb: Thanks Ron. Now let’s move to the Q&A portion of the call. I’ll ask the call coordinator to please announce the Q&A procedure.
Ken Lamb: I'd like to thank you all again for joining us. We expect to file our 10-K before the end of the day, which will provide details of our results. If you have any follow up questions about our earnings release or matters discussed during this call or our 10-K, please direct them to me. Brandy, please close out the call.
Ron Hundzinski: I would say that it’s incrementally improving throughout the year Rich. So, every quarter-on-quarter, it’s improving.
Ron Hundzinski: So we're talking sequentially, right Chris? First of all, I'd have to go back and take a look at some numbers here. I would say it's more rated to the back half of the year. I wouldn’t say its 50-50, okay. I'd say it’s more backend weighted than it is front weighted.
Ron Hundzinski: It's not material. I guess I'll say it that way. There's going to be slight difference but it's not material.
Ron Hundzinski: You know our guidance on total company is 11.5% plus or better, right, very similar to what we saw in 2012. I would suggest that operating margins within those segments would be relatively similar as well in 2013 as they were in 2012.
Ron Hundzinski: Let me take a shot at that Brett and talk about the yearend first of all and the 3% down for light vehicle production in Europe that we talked about a few weeks ago and we still feel good about that number. We feel pretty comfortable and I would say as we have rolled through the first couple of weeks here in the year, where it’s off to a decent start, there is nothing we have seen in our January run rates and as we go into February run rates that would make us feel uncomfortable at all. We feel good about where we were at from a run rate prospective, from where were say five or six weeks ago. I think if you take it in a slightly broader prospective, it seems to me that the range of guidance on European light vehicle production seems to have narrowed a little bit. I think people were talking some fairly large spreads of what it could be a couple of months ago and that seems to be narrowing a little bit. So the bottom line that we feel pretty good where we were at from a guide of the 3% down.
Ron Hundzinski: There are several things that go on Brett that I look at internally. We do some valuation modeling ourselves internally for the company. So I get a basis from where I think the value should be. We take a look at the stock prices as well. We know where we’re at on our M&A activity. So, it’s not just a one item. I look at several items that’s going on at a given time and we make decisions based on that. We have a targeted net debt to equity ratio and all that. We've been higher in the mid-20s in the past but I wouldn’t say it’s one metric that I use to determine what I’m going to do when I do it. It’s several factors.
Ron Hundzinski: I would not say that M&A activity is not active, it's extremely active. What I was referring to is that the bill that closed transaction currently in the environment, we're a little bit behind paced that would like quite frankly, but I would not say that the activity level is any lower than it ever has been. In fact it's I would say increased in some way. So, if I said that the activity was decreasing I didn't mean to say it that way.
Ron Hundzinski: Interest rate I say, I would say it that what you saw on the end of the fourth quarter is a good run rate going forward, and depreciation and amortization is on a full year basis, has been around that 4% of sales. I think it was slightly higher in the fourth quarter but I think you're going to have to look at it, on a total year basis, it's at 4%.
Ron Hundzinski: They're the same so we're trying to understand what the margin impact would be on a change on the Euro, I would use the corporate average.
Ron Hundzinski: It was up about $8 million year-over-year. I actually look at the sequential but I'll address the year-over-year. It's a whole host of items everything from a little bit of a, we put our advanced engineering expenses in corporate. R&D expenditures related to our segments, stay in the segment. So we had increased R&D spend, we had some foreign corporate offices, primarily in Germany and in Shanghai, China that we've been adding talent to as well, but it's basically a whole host of miscellaneous items there.
Ron Hundzinski: I would say the fourth quarter's pretty much in line where you could expect it going forward, change a few million here and there but it's not way off.
Ron Hundzinski: Hey Ravi, it’s Ron. I just wanted to correct something. I told you it was 117.4. It was actually 117.8. So this 400,000 share difference there, just want to correct my number. 
James Verrier: As we look out into the year, we are seeing not a significant change in mix as we are looking out. As we come towards the end of last the high end higher contented vehicles kind of caught up a little bit as the year progressed. Now, we have got that assumption into our guidance and we feel pretty comfortable that that mix level is not going to shift too significantly. So that’s what we are seeing it right now.
James Verrier: Yes, we are fully aware of it obviously, Rich and I would say with any of those types of reports, we take them seriosuly. We simply don’t want to dismiss them or anything like that. So we do take a hard look at anything like that, particularly when it relates obviosuly to one of our core products. But I think there is a couple of keypoints here in that specific report. It's very difficult to get a sense of what the testing and driving conditions that are associated with the results, that are coming out of that report and as you know Rich and I think everybody else kind of gets it that you can get variations in the results that you get depending on what test cycle you use, what type of driving behaviour, actually indepndent of any technology. At a simple level though our view is almost every indicator we look at towards turbocharger penetration continues to be very strong and we see that in our clothing activity, we see it in our net new book of business. We’re not seeing any slowdown in adoption rates, we’re not seeing any slowdown in activity and interest levesls from customers and I think that's just driven by, from our view that the fundamentals of turbochargers remain extremly solid. It’s a key technology to help the engineer's downsize their engines and get the type of fuel economy that we need and we have seen that success all around the world for many, many years and we just see that trend continuing on. So in a nutshell, we pay attention to the report, but we pay attention to all of those reports and there’s a aweful lot of them that are very postive about turbocharger performance and adoption rates. So hopefully that helps you a little bit Rich.
James Verrier: In a nutshell Chris, I don’t see that as a risk. I think there is always a discussion around the real world driving conditions and the stated conditions, as I've said independent of technology. So I don’t see that as a risk to us and we remain very comfortable as we work with the OEMs and they go through all the testing and validation that they go through and the date of the debt scene is still consistently driving towards the type of technologies that BorgWarner has in the profile. So we're not seeing this as a significant risk to BorgWarner at all Chris.
James Verrier: Yes absolutely. That's why we continue to see the adoption rates and penetration rates of the BorgWarner type products that we offer.
James Verrier: Yes sure. Let me talk through that. Just a quick recap is - where we were last year was, we were in the mid 20's type number and to clarify that, temporary employees as a percentage of total direct temporary employees. So we were in the mid 20's in the second quarter and as we explained, I think in the past that we would come down to a high single digits, that type of range. That's fairly much where we at. So we may be in the 10%, 12%, 13% type range of temps as we are going into the year and we think that's a pretty good number for us if there is any further erosion. Just to add another comment onto that though, as we look around the world we are still seeing growth in all parts of the world from a BorgWarner perspective. And the production volumes may be down but from a BorgWarner perspective we are still seeing growth in every region of the world. So we feel good that we got that 10% to 15% type number of temporary employees in place. And then any updated thoughts on the cash, the free cash flow guidance is again strong for 13. The cash bounce builds quite quickly. So now I know you talked about repatriating cash. That would lead me to believe its maybe not as M&A focused as in the past. Can you just provide any more color there? I would not say it’s not M&A focused. I think that is our number one focus as M&A. I am very much aware where my balance sheet is and where the cash and like I demonstrated in the fourth quarter, I am being very proactive in addressing that with the share repurchases. So that flexibility still continues for me but we are very much M&A focused on where the cash needs to be.
James Verrier: No, okay I see what question is. As we start to get growth again on the top line, my incremental margin will be in that 20ish range plus or minus. That's where you could expect our margin, that's where we drive our businesses at that 20% range.
James Verrier: I wouldn’t classify as cost reductions. I would classify them more as cost controls. I guess there is a difference. What we would do is we would defer certain investments at times. It’s not that I am taking costs necessary out. Now with that said we are being more productive. I’m not going to discount the productivity side of it but that's just normal work. So we're not taking our people and cost right now, we're just being very prudent on many line items in our expense reports as far as where we want to put investments in the short term and what we can defer as far as investments. So it's more cost controls than cost reductions.
James Verrier: We have a facility in Japan and it's not a significant portion of our exposure quite frankly, but it can impact us and we just pointed out because it is a sizeable operation we have up there, it’s 20% (ph) of sales.
James Verrier: That could well be David. Your example there is a good one. Not to keep repeating myself but I think the key here is the fundamentals of what we're doing with turbochargers is generally to enable the downsizing of the engine and maintain similar levels of performance and get good fuel economy, and that fundamental still remains intact and we've got this test data out there with this consumer report and it's very easy to mix and match and not draw the appropriate conclusion. 
James Verrier: Well first of all I don’t want to comment for Ford, David on that particular thing. They would be better because it can depend on the whole issue, the calibration of the engine and what other technologies they are utilizing on that engine. So I don't want to comment specifically for Ford on that 1.6 application.
James Verrier: The first part David I think, as we migrate to Euro 6, in general that will help us as they adopt more technology to that level of engine. So that at a general level will help BorgWarner. In terms of a kind of pre-buy for it, as we get through ‘13 ahead of ’14, I don't think that's going to be significant for us. We're actually showing Europe year-over-year about flat for commercial vehicle. So not significant or material for us in terms of pre-buy but Euro 6 does help us a little bit from a technology perspective. 
James Verrier: It's a couple of things that are going on. Well first of all, it's a critical part of our growth plan and we're very confident about the growth opportunities for the all-wheel drive segment. It's a couple of things that we're benefiting from, (inaudible) content in the North American market is strong as we've seen growth and recovery in the north America market, and our acquired business, the Haldex business from a coupling perspective has also seen significant growth in different parts of the world. So both if you like both parts of the all-wheel drive segment for us, both couplings and transfer cases have seen growth in the region and some incremental gains.
James Verrier: Ravi this is driven by a commercial vehicle customer that had some technology changes that they were going through that affected us without really naming the customer.
James Verrier: It's related to a year over year comparable issue. I think the run rate on this customer will stay where it's at but on a comparable basis it becomes an issue for us.
James Verrier: Let me clarify that Ravi. Commercial vehicle is about 16%, 15%. Aftermarket makes up that difference up to 20%. I kind of used 20% because I combined the two of them together because a good portion of our aftermarket really is Commercial Vehicle.
James Verrier: Ravi, my sense right now, it'll start out as more of a niche product. I mean if you look at the application that we're utilizing it on, with BMW, it'll start out as more of a niche application but we will have the potential to grow and I guess the reason I feel pretty comfortable about that is that was the same story with R2S. If you go back many years ago, that was applied to a niche application and it became a little bit more mainstream. Now will it become a large part of the turbo segment, probably not but what it does do is obviously enables us to support customers our customers with specific cut niche applications such as this BMW M6 that we're talking about with R3. The other follow on comment I would make is as the technology leader which we absolutely view ourselves as in turbochargers, it's another good example for us to utilize some of our new and breakthrough technology which the R3S is a good example of that.
James Verrier: I would say in general it's good for us. And as we look at the luxury guys bringing those types of vehicles in, our sense is that the adoption rates of the touch technologies that we have, whether it be turbochargers or other products will be strong. So we see that as favorable.
