Ken Lamb: Thank you, Brandy. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us. We issued our earnings release this morning at approximately 8 a.m. Eastern time. It's posted on our website, borgwarner.com, on our homepage. A replay of today's conference call will be available through August 3. The dial-in number for that replay is (800) 642-1687. You'll need the conference ID, which is 94006819. The replay will also be available on our website. With regards to our IR calendar, we will be attending several conferences over the next few months. August 13, we'll be at the JPMorgan Automotive Conference in New York. September 5, we'll be at the Credit Suisse Automotive Conference also in New York. September 11, we'll be at the RBC Globalists Industrials Conference in Las Vegas. And on September 13, we'll be at the Morgan Stanley Global Auto and Industrials Conference in New York. Before we begin, I need to inform you that during this call, we may make forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties as detailed on our 10-K. Our actual results may differ significantly from the matters discussed today. Now moving on to our results. Tim Manganello, Chairman and CEO, will comment on the second quarter and current industry trends. And then Ron Hundzinski, our CFO, will discuss the details of our operating results and also our outlook for the remainder of 2012. Also on the call, we'll have James Verrier, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Robin Adams, Vice Chairman and Chief Administrative Officer. With that, I'll turn it over to Tim.
Ken Lamb: Thanks, Ron. Now let's move to the Q&A portion of the call. Ron and James Verrier will be taking your questions. I would ask the call coordinator to please announce the Q&A procedures.
Ken Lamb: I'd like to thank you all again for joining us. We expect to file our 10-Q before the end of the day, which will provide details on our results. If you have any follow-up questions about our earnings release, the matters discussed during this call or the Q, please direct them to me. Brandy, please close out the call.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: The full-year guidance now is $1.27. If you like to look at year-to-date, it was about $1.30 slightly under. That was our guidance. Our guidance was $1.30, which is where we -- -- we're pretty much year-to-date. So the back half, obviously, is where the deterioration is coming and I'm taking an average on the back half that comes down to like a $1.22, $1.24 range. I think the spot rate was maybe $1.21 yesterday.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: The majority of it is European light vehicle, correct. If you take a look at Europe, IHS came in after the first quarter was finished and actually upped the production volume. So if we kept 6% for the full year, that meant that, that reduction in the second half of the year had to come down further and that's what basically we're looking at, is a lower outlook in Europe in the second half from what we saw previously.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: No. We have not changed free cash flow guidance for the year. They will remain the same. CapEx will remain the same as well.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: We froze the plans in the first quarter. So we don't have those large variations that we've seen in the past. So from a sequential basis going forward, you won't see large changes. However, I will state that the first quarter, we did record an amount in order to freeze the plan, the cash portion of that plan, which is on a sequential basis, there is a difference but going forward, it's going to be relatively the same.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: No. That's in line, 1%. It's $80 million, $90 million or so, I think, it was on the value. Remember that's only for the back half of the year. Our guidance was $1.30. It's an average rate we use.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: We did not change the guidance in Europe on total year-over-year sale of volumes being down 6%. But I think we said earlier, what we did see is a shift from the first half to the second half that deteriorated in the second half from what we saw prior once IHS updated the first quarter production numbers. So basically, sequentially, we see a decrease in the second half of 7% sequentially going forward. And that's where most of the deterioration is coming from is basically a rebalancing of the year.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: We're always a target for pricing. That activity continues day in and day out. I wouldn't say anything changed. Those pressures are always there.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: I think you're right. The third quarter is an extremely low margin quarter historically because of the sequential reduction from the second quarter in sales. Then it rebounds in the fourth quarter. But I think the second -- the third quarter is what tends to drag that margin down is the third quarter.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: We'll update guidance going into next year. At this point, it's 27% sort of run out this year. We'll evaluate that for next year.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: John, this is Ron. I would just add that our capital spending program is still on track and that's another indicator, I think, that you can look at.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Well, first of all, I don't -- on a cash basis, I'm going to make sure this is clear. I don't pay the tax in cash until I repatriate it. So I just want to be clear there. But I'm setting myself up more for flexibility and in the countries or the units that we identified, the need for keeping that cash there for investments are no longer really required. So it's not very efficient just to keep the cash there if it's not really needed. So I'm setting myself flexibility. I'm going to really allocate that cash into the areas of the world that's more use for that cash. So it's a more of identifying those units not being able to consume that cash, John.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Well, we've talked about this in the past. M&A activity takes #1 priority and we have a lot of projects we're working on. That's #1. From that point on, I did do some buyback as you saw in the second quarter, as I just announced. That was more -- just an opportunity at that point from what I saw the share price at and what we think intrinsic value is ourselves. And then we review dividends annually with the board. And I think dividends is a bigger discussion around tax strategies for the company and personal income taxes. And I'm hoping that the U.S. government make some tax changes coming here next spring, or hopefully next year, that gives them some opportunities in that area.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: I'll just point out, Rod, that the back half of the year is flat in production and we're still up 8 to 10 percentage points year-over-year. I just want to point that out. So we're still growing.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: What I would do is I would take the first half of the year maybe and take an average there on the corporate expenses running forward. I wouldn't just launch from the second quarter base. But back to your question, stock comp is not going to have the variation that we've seen historically. But I would kind of reset your numbers. I'd take maybe year-to-date average to go forward.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Yes. First, kind of, comment is from a price pressure point of view, that, for us, is always there. It's no different now to prior years and that's just part of our business. So we have not seen a fundamental shift in pricing pressure. It's always tough and it always will be. And what we do through productivity in our facilities and a lot of good cost control management, we go a long way to offsetting those price-downs. And I think that's what you've seen in prior years and prior quarters and it's what you've seen in this year. But that's a more, let me say, shorter-term tactical answer. I think on a more strategic or higher level perspective, which I think is absolutely critical, is our continued advanced technology and better technology enables us to have a stronger position in the marketplace as we go forward and offers us a competitive advantage, which continues to fuel our growth well above the market rates as we see. And that enables us to have a good position with our customer base. So it's a combination. To summarize, it's a combination of very, very good cost control and superior advanced technology that we bring to the market.
James R. Verrier: What we're seeing in the second half is just a little slower than the first half growth on commercial truck in North America, Rich.
James R. Verrier: Yes, you're right, Rich. It's just a little bit lighter. Nothing dramatic or nothing significant. But just [indiscernible].
James R. Verrier: Yes. The second quarter, Rich, was another strong quarter of quoting activity for us. I actually looked at -- if you look at the first and second half, so -- the first half of the year, I'm sorry, is a record for us. Very, very strong quoting activity. And I would say the good news is it's in all regions of the world and it's across all of our product segments. So we feel very proud. But it's a very, very strong first and second quarter for us.
James R. Verrier: Just maybe try to comment, Ravi, this is James. The second -- if you look at the second half for the year for European light vehicle production versus our prior forecast, it's about a 4% reduction versus our prior outlook.
James R. Verrier: For us in Europe, we're actually up, Ravi, for the full year and that's in the first half and the second half.
James R. Verrier: Yes. For the full year, in Europe, we're up. If you exclude currency, we're up about 5% in Europe on light vehicle production.
James R. Verrier: Ravi, just one other comment maybe help a little bit. I give the change in the second half of the year from what we saw earlier in the year. In absolute numbers, the second half is down about 7% in Europe in light vehicle production and we -- we're outperforming that significantly.
James R. Verrier: No. Ravi, I would maybe describe it this way. When we look at the first half of the year for our Drivetrain performance, now that's an operating margin around 9.5%, which we feel very, very good about when you look at it versus where we were last year. And it's absolutely, I think, in line with where we've guided, where we are going to be coming out. You get a little bit of a noise just quarter-to-quarter but that's just more operational stuff going on. It's nothing significant just natural quarter-to-quarter, small percentage variations.
James R. Verrier: No. I think we feel pretty good about the numbers we've given out there in terms of outlook. I agree with you there's natural continued uncertainty in that region of the world and there is certainly instability. But we feel pretty solid about the projections that we're making and as we said earlier, they're down 7% versus our prior guidance, so we feel we're very close to our customers in understanding their schedules. Obviously, we look at a lot of macroeconomic indicators as well and compare them with IHS-type data. So we feel pretty, pretty good about where we're guiding to. I would make one other comment, though. As we demonstrated year-to-date and also in prior years, if those numbers do fluctuate a little bit, we've done historically a very, very good job of adjusting costs in line with those reductions and we continue to feel good about our ability to flex our workforce and our cost structure. So may move another percent or so possibly, but we're ready for that if that comes along.
James R. Verrier: I would say, David -- this is James. Slightly a little bit of a pushout as opposed to pulling in. I wouldn't say it's anything that significant but we're seeing just some small pushout would be the general view overall.
James R. Verrier: No, our European piece is not a significant piece for us. It is pretty much exclusively commercial vehicle business, David. But it's not a significant piece of our business.
James R. Verrier: Yes. We're continuing, David, to increase investments pretty well across the majority of our product lines in China. Ningbo is our primary campus where we produce a lot of our engine-based products and we've -- through this year, we're expanding both facility and equipment, obviously, in the facility, and we're also expanding in our Drivetrain segment, primarily in Dalian and Beijing. So those plans are continuing on and our performance for the Chinese market continues to be very, very strong, both this year and in future years. So we feel very good about placing that investment in to be ready for that growth that we'll see.
James R. Verrier: Yes, we have a little bit of commercial vehicle business but you're right, the vast majority is certainly light vehicle.
James R. Verrier: Yes. John, I would -- yes, we have a number of levers and I would say that primarily, we've got a lot more flexibility in our workforce. That's really one of the key things that we have in place. Historically, we've carried a percentage of temporary employees in the single-digit percentage range. We made some conscious choices over the last couple of years to increase that to the 20%-ish type of a number. And that's really a major, major advantage that we have and we'll absolutely use those levers to manage appropriately as volumes come up or down. So we feel very good about having that in place.
James R. Verrier: I would absolutely say yes. There's no fundamental change. I think it's natural you'll get some small pushes or small adjustments whether that be a launch may move out a quarter or some of the new business could be adjusted very slightly. But fundamentally, the growth story is intact, the need for our products is as strong as it's ever been. And as Ron outlined earlier, John, when you look at our second half of the year, that out-performance continues on versus the marketplace. And specifically, we're not seeing any cancellation of programs or projects, not at all, not for our product.
James R. Verrier: I think a couple of things, Rod. This is James. Again, lots of -- maybe keep going through it but the second half of the year in European light vehicle, as I said, is down 7% year-over-year. But I think most critically, when you look at it versus where we are at with our prior guidance, we've reduced the second half of Europe by 4% and that's a very, very meaningful adjustment that we've made. The other part that we talked about earlier was we're guiding down in all commercial vehicle markets with the exception of North America. So we've seen deterioration in China where we participate, Europe where we participate and Brazil. So it's not purely the light vehicle Europe piece, Rod, there is an effect of commercial vehicle, pretty much globally with the exception of North America.
James R. Verrier: Yes. I think what I would say again is at a macro level, we see deteriorating economic conditions, particularly in the second half of the year. And as we were talking earlier, Europe is obviously the major driver for us. But it's other regions of the world as we outlined earlier. And also, commercial vehicle is a key driver there and then a little bit of a softening on some of the backlog as we also described earlier.
James R. Verrier: Our book, our business, our turbocharger business continues to be extremely strong and it's a big part of our growth. It's a big part of our backlog. We've said before we're roughly about 1/3 of the market and we expect that to continue on. We do see, obviously, activity from the new entrants, which has been planned for a number of years. But we absolutely believe we have great technology and we absolutely have confidence that the turbocharger business will continue to grow and we don't anticipate any market share erosion in that segment and it will continue to be a huge part of our backlog.
Matthew T. Stover: Two questions. Number one is I want to make sure I had the numbers right. In the revised guidance, the FX portion on the sales was 1% and on the EPS line, it was $0.06.
Matthew T. Stover: Okay. Because I was looking -- the back half of the year last year, 1% delta is about $35 million and $0.06 is about $10 million pretax.
Matthew T. Stover: Oh, 1% for the full year, okay. The second thing is in Europe, as you consider the revision of the guidance and sort of the macro uncertainty, your customers have been -- the earnings calls thus far expressed a greater degree of uncertainty as it relates to Europe, which would imply to me that the predictability of their schedules in the second half would be going down. And as you thought about the production assumptions underlying the second half, are you making any special adjustments with respect to customer that is either more or less optimistic than what you're seeing in the market right now? Because it would just seem that to take the guidance of production down below the 6% in the current environment might be more prudent.
Timothy M. Manganello: Dave, I don't know if we could give you the answer right now. I'm sure it's an opportunity for us. We'd have to probably get back with you, or Ken would, on that, more details.
Timothy M. Manganello: Rod, this is Tim. This may help you a little bit. We have North America up about a little over 6% for the second half of the year as compared to 2011. We have Europe down 7% as James and Ron said a couple of times. We have China up about 8% for the second half of the year over 2011. But then you get into Japan, we have Japan down 6.5% as compared to the second half of last year globally. And then Korea is flat. So that may help you understand why it's not just Europe, okay? You have a down Korea and you have a down Japan.
Timothy M. Manganello: Well, there's no question that if we're going sequentially and not having growth, the margins are going to be challenged. That's correct. But you also this third quarter effect as well dragging it down because that's typically a low-margin quarter. But you're right, as sequentially the growth rate is not there, the margin expansion is going to be more stressed.
