Ronald T. Hundzinski: That's correct. What happens with FX even though there is a benefit from our prior guide, we only pull about $0.12 on the dollar, 12% incremental versus operating incremental of mid-teens. So, there tends to be a drag on us on margins going forward from the incremental margins.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Yeah, Joe, a lot of parts moving. So, first of all, your question about the fourth quarter is correct, more margin expansion in the fourth. One item, I keep talking about the corporate cost, we love to have corporate cost. And we may even be lower than the prior year in corporate cost. So we get the full benefit of the operating segment's contribution margin. So that would be more of an uplift in the absolute margin for us in the fourth quarter.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Yes, it's most in the fourth quarter. And then also we get a little bit of volume that the DCT plant's really starting to hum along. So once that starts coming along, that might get a little higher incremental for us as well, which is in the Drivetrain segment. So, a combination of few items.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: So, Rod, it's Ron. You're right. The original guidance was – I'm going to round numbers a little bit on you. It was $0.5 billion – $500 million, and now the organic guide implies about $715 million, you're right. So, it's about $200 million increase. What we're seeing in the second half? I listed a bunch of items in there. We're seeing some that wasn't anticipated actually until just recently. One of our largest Korean customers is having a difficult time, especially in the back half of the year in China and North America. We're anticipating that commercial vehicle is going to moderate as well. We also have a changeover that's in North America in one of our largest customers' platforms that they've announced quite frankly yesterday, that's also going to be a little bit of a headwind for us. So we're seeing a few things in the back half of the year that are headwinds. But if you really go back to our original guidance, that guidance include about $100 million per quarter, roughly $125 million, of backlog. So, we haven't adjusted that, right, at the end of the day. So, it's still outgrowth and we haven't really adjusted from the original guidance. I think you got to look at the full year organic growth is how you got to look at it, not the cadence by first half, second half.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: For Korea, there were some launches we anticipated, and was hard to bifurcate between the two buckets. We're just kind of splitting hairs here. So we can get back with you on that, Rod.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: I'd like to add something, James. And then the reason, Brett, is unlike last year where our backlog was concentrated on maybe four, five heavy launches. This year it's more dispersed. It's a wider width of launches that are going on. And that breadth is – it's hard to predict by the cadence exactly through the quarter, and it was more front-end loaded. So the two years are different years in backlogs. But James is right, I think you got to look at the full year as you go into 2018, what we did for 2017.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: One area is the emissions business. It's been a continue issue for us, it's not performing well. And we're going to have to fix that. That's one that comes very quick to mind is that business.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Hey, yeah, Wahler, okay. That business we acquired several years ago. And if you go back in time, it was low single-digit. And our expectations were to get that to migrate into high single-digit and hopefully ultimately get into double-digit. I would say, we're behind that schedule for numerous reasons. In particular, we had a lot of product moves that we anticipate of doing from one of our facilities that we had to slowdown. And as a result to that, we haven't been able to get to profitability where it needs to be. If we deal deeper into it, that acquisition was about valves, the valves and rivet business for us and valve market share that we have in Europe. But I would say, the operational performance at this point is somewhat of a headwind it has been for the last couple years it is this year, and we need to fix that going forward. So, as we go forward, I was saying earlier on the call that would be maybe one of the little tailwinds that we can get going forward, and we're working on it very hard.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: So, Brian, I will add a few things. As you know, we changed our process a couple of years ago. And what we do is, we'll take a look at the gross backlog number and we will make subjective adjustments. And given markets and given products and given customers to those numbers like we did this year and last year, and that process has done very well for us, and we'll continue doing that process into the next year backlog as well.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Right. So, first the CapEx. As you know, our backlog is – really came in strong in the first half. And some of that backlog is the DCT plant in China. So what we're doing is, we're going to put in some more capacity to continue those ramp ups from our customer there, so that's the DCT. And a little bit more in the four-wheel drive area. On commodity prices, we came into the year anticipating inflationary environment. We saw some of it. Our operating folks did a very good job passing that up through to our customers on pass-throughs. The question around what is going to happen on steel prices once the administration makes a decision on tariffs and imports and all that, I think whatever happens there, just say that they do go forward and put something in place to benefit the U.S. producers. Again, that would flow through our normal process of pass-throughs and contract negotiations we have with our customer, Rich. So, yeah, that would be for the industry itself a headwind, but I think for BorgWarner itself, we could navigate through that.
James R. Verrier: Yeah, Rod, this is James. In terms of your couple of points on the activity around Drivetrain, the transition into Eastern Europe is kind of done and behind us, that's all done up. And the ramp in China for DCT is, it really starts to move forward a lot more in the second half of this year or certainly in the fourth quarter, and we'll really see more of that benefit even more so as we go into 2018. So I think, they're both largely behind us now, Rod, and we've got forward momentum. Where that takes the Drivetrain margin for the longer-term? I tend to think of it is, we're just going to continue at the mid-teen incremental type of a rate in Drivetrain, and that will just continue to follow-up, which is we deliver on that volume.
James R. Verrier: So, yeah, let me give a bit of color on that, David. Obviously what we've seen this year is that acceleration obviously has continued. It was 400 – close to 400 bps in the quarter. And we do see that shift moving on. There is some kind of – to your point, some natural limit of timing of how this plays out. We can't just convert everything over from diesel to gas. There are capacity constraints, et cetera, et cetera. I think, the bigger important issue is so as they shift from diesel to gas, what are they doing? And they're using that...
James R. Verrier: ...in many cases as an opportunity to put – to accelerate some of the advanced gasoline engine program timing. They're looking to pull forward some of the hybrid program timing, and that's a benefit to BorgWarner, because we're going to be content additive on those products versus diesel. So that's what we're seeing play out. In the short run, it's a little bit of noise, and you see we've more than overcome that again in the second quarter. And on a go-forward basis, it's certainly neutral to positive for BorgWarner.
James R. Verrier: Yes. I think probably each one is somewhat different to be open, David, but I think obviously the first call is utilization of existing gas capacity. And they have to get that filled up and utilize that. And then, it just gets into the detail of what individual customer has in terms of capacity utilization. But to go invest in a brand-new engine gasoline line obviously is a pretty hefty lead time on that type of move, which is I think what you're inferring. So that the play right now is leverage and utilize fully the gas capacity. And then beyond that, obviously that's a longer – a little bit of a longer lead time for them.
James R. Verrier: Yeah. A couple of thoughts, Dave, just – I think, you're right, to clarify. So where the acceleration is obviously on the diesel decline is in the smaller engines. In terms of the bigger engines, two-liter and above, we've not seeing such a dramatic shift. But clearly, you're right, what they're doing with those smaller engines – what they're going to look to do is to make those advanced as possible. So that's more variable about timing, that's putting gasoline EGR technology on those vehicles, more advanced turbos. That's going to be net positive for BorgWarner, because we're going to put more content on those than smaller diesels that we have today.
James R. Verrier: Yeah. The way I would think about it, Brett – and again, we'll talk a little more about this in New York in a couple of weeks. But as you can see even in the first two quarters, there's a little bit of a spread there, right, in terms of our organic growth. And then, that's also a little different in the backup. What I would suggest you do is think of it as the full year of 2017 is a good basis way to think of it, because there is some little bit of volatility and noise through the quarters. So if you just take the 7% organic growth, which is the midpoint of our new guide, on a full year basis, that's how I would be thinking of it in terms of a launch into 2018 and beyond.
James R. Verrier: But I would – Brett, I wouldn't be thinking much different to admit. We don't see anything coming off our mid-teen incremental margin approach at all as we go into 2018.
James R. Verrier: John, if you think – the two markets you're referring to China and North America, very candidly what it means for us right now, if we see moderations in shift and schedule, we just slow our growth a little. And that's kind of an important thing for us. It's not like we're going into reduction modes. So we've been running mid-teen growth in China. So if there's a little bit of a softening there, you can run 10%-ish type growth, and we've been outperforming in North America too. So, it's not that we're not paying attention, John, because we are, and we'll tweak as we need to locally at schedule levels and plant levels. But fundamentally for the company, we're in growth mode in North America, we're in growth mode in China. We got to be thoughtful about it, but that's kind of how we're outpricing as a company in 2017 and likely into 2018 as well, John.
James R. Verrier: Yeah. Sorry, John, I missed that one. Net-net, we're a little bit beneficial with truck mix in North America. Vehicle mix in China is less noise for us. But North America, we get a slight benefit with truck mix, but it's not huge. Because generally our content is pretty equal across cars and trucks. We just get the added benefit of transfer case technology going on to the trucks, which kind of gives us a bit of a lift there. But it's not – to your point, John, it's not moving the needle dramatically for us, which is a good thing for us.
James R. Verrier: Yeah, Colin, this is James. It's about 12% of revenue. For us, it's a total company for 2017. And it's split pretty equally between on-road and off-road is the way to think of this. We have about a third North America, a third Europe, and then the other third is split between China and South America. And as I've said in my comments earlier, Colin, what we've seen is, it's been a tailwind for us, particularly in China and in Europe. I'd say, we got some benefit in the first half from North America, but probably that's moderated a little bit as we're looking to the second half, particularly on-road in North America. So net-net, and obviously South America has been a tailwind as well for us, Colin. So, 12% of our business, and it's certainly contributed to the growth based on the recoveries. So if that helps you a little bit and if you need a bit more from a product perspective, it's predominantly a turbo business, our emissions business and our thermal business are the products that are driving that growth for us.
James R. Verrier: Yeah. So, I mean, fundamentally what we're really getting with Sevcon is, we're getting tremendous design and development capability from their engineering organization. They can absolutely understand the electronics aspects of the system works. And that just coupled with BorgWarner's existing capability really accelerates it. But it's not just an engineering play, Colin, they got revenue, they run about $50 million of revenue, and they ship a lot of invertors and converter-type products. They also have some battery charging technology that they ship out. So, it's basically buying a lot of very strong engineering capability coupled with an existing revenue platform that is accelerating as they take that capability, add that to our capability, and we can offer a complete system solution to the light vehicle customers as well as the commercial vehicle customers.
James R. Verrier: And, just on – sorry, just to add on to Ron's comments, which was a great summary. The broader question you asked him in terms of commercial vehicle overall from a BorgWarner perspective both growth and operating margin performance, we're very happy with our commercial vehicle business, it's contributing well to our performance. But, Ron's right, we've got an isolated issue within the ex-Wahler business that we need to fix, and we will.
James R. Verrier: Yeah. Brian, I'm going to take a shot at it, and then if Ron wants to jump in, we'll let him. Let me start with a couple of points to backlog. First of all, I'm thrilled with the first half of the year, first of all. It's exceeded our expectation a little bit. It's been a terrific first half of the year. The second half is moderated. It's basically the same as what it was from the prior guide. We've not really changed too much on the second half guide. Ron articulated some of the headwinds that we're going to pay attention to as we go into that. And all of that rose up to this strong 7% midpoint organic growth for the year, and you can see the full year backlog number. You're right, it's a little too early to give you 2018 numbers. We will talk at the Investor Day a little bit on how we've seen our growth rates looking out over the next two years, three years, five years. So that will probably give you a little bit more of a sense. But we're going through our process, Brian, as we get ready for 2018, but certainly there's nothing to be fearful of in terms of what we gave you last year, that's for sure, because we're executing very well against that target this year. So, I don't know whether that helps you enough, but that's how I'm thinking about the backlog.
James R. Verrier: I would say, Brian, it was launch cadence and volume. That's where the uplift – or the outperformance, so to speak, has been in the first half, less macro, if that makes sense to you.
James R. Verrier: So, the number of launches is the same. I would just say, it's a combination of summer coming in a little earlier or kicked in a little better or some of the volume assumptions that we've loaded in have run a little bit better, which I think, to back to Ron's point, Brian, kind of points to how we wanted to do it going into the year. And I think it's prudent, and it's paying off actually.
James R. Verrier: Yeah. Chris, this is James. Let me give some answers there. First and foremost, just to be open – we'll share quite a bit more detail on the some – hard numbers, so to speak, as we go into Analyst Day in a couple of weeks. But what I would say you directionally is, the activity level around hybrid and electric has both increased pretty significantly from a year ago, and our activity certainly increased pretty significantly across hybrid platforms and electric platforms. I think your intuition is right, on the 48-volt model, hybrid is becoming a very strong platform for growth, as is plug-in hybrids, I think those are the two that are really accelerated in the last year. What I can share with you from a BorgWarner point of view, we feel very, very good about the win rates we're experiencing around that technology. So, again, we'll share you more detail in a week or two. Your point on market share as well, Chris, is right on. We – in a conventional combustion business, we generally have a market share in the low-20%s is a good reference point. And the way we've modeled our business in terms of communicating outlooks, we've modeled a little bit of a lower market share assumption in the 15% to 20% range for hybrids and electrics, because it's a little bit of a newer space. And we want to give our self a chance to see how that will play out. So hopefully that gives you a little bit of a sense, Chris, of what's going on. And again really looking forward to sharing much more detail on that with you in a couple of weeks.
James R. Verrier: Yeah, absolutely is the quick answer, Chris. And I'll give you two data points. One is, the business that we're quoting and winning on hybrid and electric type applications are absolutely meeting the BorgWarner typical threshold of 15% after-tax ROIC in their corporate margins. So we're very comfortable there. But I think more important – or as importantly from a year ago, a lot of those products we talked to you about last year are now in production. So we can actually see real life data, if you wish of how they're running down the production lines, and the operating margins are coming in right where we'd expected them to. So no dilution of margin performance as we go forward with new products on hybrids and electrics.
James R. Verrier: Yeah. David, let me quickly mention the Sevcon piece first. I think, fundamentally what it's doing is, we already have a good basis of power electronics and electronics and software capability in the company. This is basically scaling us up and adding to that, which is super important. But in addition to that, it's actually given us some hard products basically. They already build and ship inverters and those types of products. So we'll get that. And they've obviously got some existing customer relationships. So that's the real power. But the real power is going to be when BorgWarner and Sevcon as a united group walk into the customers and can talk and offer a complete integrated system. Just to give you an example, take a P2 Hybrid as an example. We'll be able to take BorgWarner's clutching technology, we'll be able to take the former Remy motor technology, and then the third element to that system is the power electronics. And that's the piece that Sevcon will bring to the table. So that's going to be a very, very powerful story. It's a little early to know how that – what that's going to look like. But we'll get clarity around that. But from a strategic fit, it's a super thing for us. eBooster is still in the early phase of adoption, but we're seeing tremendous interest from a lot of customers. Typical rough number for an eBooster is about couple hundred bucks, but don't forget you're adding that is plus the turbo, not just on its own. So a conventional turbo, I think couple hundred bucks, turbo plus and eBooster, $400. So we're seeing a lot of interest, David. We see a lot of growth in there. And most important, from a BorgWarner perspective, we absolutely believe we're the leader in eBoosting technology. So, yeah, a lot of excitement around both of those, David.
James R. Verrier: Yeah, Rich. I think obviously we want to get a closer look once we've got the deal done and all of that good stuff. It's additive. I don't think we stop there. I don't think we stop there either organically or through acquisition. This certainly helps us, but I would love more, both organically and acquisition. It's just going to be a function of focus on integrating Sevcon first, keep looking for other opportunities and other targets and add them. So we're going to scale up even beyond Sevcon in power electronics and electronics for sure, both organically and acquisition.
James R. Verrier: Okay. We have no problem. So, from a Drivetrain perspective, what's been pushing the growth, it's primarily coming from the backlog, so it's launching of a lot of new products. We've certainly gained a little bit, as I mentioned early, with the truck mix in North America helping our transfer case business. Our DCT ramp is certainly accelerated, which has been good. We've seen all-wheel drive growth hovering in Korea as well. So it's kind of a combination of all of the above if that helps you, Matt. Those are the big drivers up.
James R. Verrier: I would articulate it this way, Matt. The pricing environment is tough, it's always tough, and we know how to operating in that environment. I wouldn't say it's got any incrementally tougher than it was last year or the year before. The good news from a board perspective is, we got a great discipline in place around cost reduction to offset a lot of that price pressure. But we're not calling out or seeing any shift in the pricing environment at this stage for sure.
James R. Verrier: Yeah. I think, our view, Emmanuel, is that the standards are going to continue to climb. There is a good chance, so there could be some moderation at the standard a flattening out, so to speak, of the line in the outyears. And our strategy that we put in place two years to three years ago have been well balanced between combustion, hybrid and electric. We're kind of okay either way frankly, because all that happens with acceleration of more aggressive standards. You just shift the mix between hybrid, electric and combustion. And when we've got content per vehicle growth in all three, we're in a good place either way. So, I would say, neutral to slightly positive is our view, if that helps you on that one.
James R. Verrier: Yeah. That's a good thought, Emmanuel. I'll give you my take on it. I read the same stuff you do, and I can see the action some people are taking. I'll only tell you this. I just love our propulsion business. I love the growth that we have now. And when I look at the outlook for us from a – with that portfolio and what we're adding to with Sevcon and others to come, I love it. I mean, we're going to grow mid to high single-digit organic growth. That's going to flow-through to EPS and we're in a really, really good spot. So, I can't speculate and speak for others. I can only tell you I love our business.
James R. Verrier: I would say, yeah – Emmanuel, I would say, our bias is primarily adding technology around electronics. It might be software, it might be power electronics, and accelerating on the on the hybrid and electric vehicle type technology. You never say never to a combustion asset, you always look at those. But our focus is adding and continuing to build system capability, so we can offer complete solution for all types of propulsion vehicles. And I feel really good about how that's working out for us so far.
