Frederic Lissalde: So I think the way we look at M&A is very strategic. We look at technology and product leadership and scale. And so I would say those are independent kind of work streams. We're not looking at revenue for revenue's sake. And even if at one point, maybe we collapse those 2 bars because we're not going to keep the March 2021 as a jump-off, which is the Capital Markets Day where we announced Charging Forward, I think those 2 things are somehow a little different.
Frederic Lissalde: Yes. Their focus is essentially right now in North America and especially on commercial vehicle, electric buses, trucks and depots which, as you can imagine, we see quite some synergies what we're doing from a varied tax standpoint, kind of the same customer profiles and vectors of growth. We really like the synergies, both on top line and bottom line, that we can bring with our current footprint in Europe, which is more focused on DC fast charging car and here more commercial vehicle in the post. So we're pretty excited about the outlook for this combination.
Frederic Lissalde: Yes, we expect to harvest the synergies on the top line and technology on manufacturing. So it's fair to assume that our goal is to be local as far as the demand and the product definition is concerned. But global and leveraging the global scale of the company as far as the back office, the technology and the modularity of the design is concerned. By the way, there is a supplemental deck on the BorgWarner IR website where you will see a little bit more granularity around the acquisition of Rhombus.
Frederic Lissalde: I think going forward, you will see a focus on efficiency for those combustion products and also cost competitiveness, i.e., what we call product leadership at BorgWarner. And if you are a top buyer at one of the key OEMs that you need for suppliers for one commodity in combustion, maybe not. And so similarly, I think you're going to see -- we think you're going to see some consolidation in the supplier panel in some of those key OEMs. And again, I think in this case, competitiveness forefront of product leadership from an efficiency standpoint and scale will be important to support our customers around the globe with maybe fewer suppliers for that combustion market.
Frederic Lissalde: Okay. Yes, we know that market, we've been in that market organically since quite some time, and we're selling products in Europe. The market is growing dramatically. And in the regions that we're now addressing with BorgWarner footprint, it's around $9 billion in 2030. It's still very fragmented, and I think we shall expect consolidation in this field, too. Again, I think technology is important, and Rhombus is one of the first one with bidirectional charging with U.S.-certified technologies in this field, which we really like. And hopefully help them grow with these products.  We feel -- we think that this market will need a strong local presence but also a very strong back office in purchasing in technology, in low-volume manufacturing. We also are very used to low-volume manufacturing with our commercial vehicle products around the world. And we also see quite some pull from our customers related to CV trucks and buses who want to offer complete solutions for their customers and we can be an enabler for them to be able to do that.
Frederic Lissalde: I think it's both of them and also they're helping us, and we can help them. We have, I think, a substantial knowledge of the bill of material that goes into those challenging devices. We have global reach. We see some trends in power electronics where we can leverage our know-how to those topical products. We see synergies with our sales and government affairs relationship around the globe, really excited about bringing BorgWarner to this charging business, stationary charging business. I think we can bring a lot of technology and a lot of competitiveness in this field.
Frederic Lissalde: So today, I would say that it is still very regional. It will still require some regional specificities as far as certification is concerned, as far as sales channel, as far as government contacts are concerned. But when the business ramps up like any businesses related to quite significant electronics and power electronics content, scale will matter and scale always matter. As far as the TAM, I think, Pat, maybe you -- go ahead, Kevin.
Frederic Lissalde: I think there is a lot of momentum into the EV-related request and request for quotes and quotation globally. What we also see is an accelerated demand for capacity increase on what we have launched and also funny enough, what we have not launched yet, but where there is higher demand in the coming years. Overall, I see only acceleration in the EV booking and request for quotation second half versus first half.
Frederic Lissalde: So first, yes, you should expect us focusing on both organic and inorganic growth in this field of stationary charging, focusing on high-power DC fast charging. And the second question was the -- out of the $3.7 billion, we expect, I think, in my prepared remarks, it was about $150 million for Rhombus and overall, I think, $175 million to $200 million overall, including our organic exposure in these devices.
Frederic Lissalde: I think it's honestly too early to say. I have not been exposed to discussions along those lines. I think this will come when actually Europe comes back after the summer break. I would say early September -- end of August, early September, we know more about the profile of production around and in the winter.
Frederic Lissalde: We always focused on staying lean and looking at any room for cost reductions overall. And I think the actions that we've taken 2, 3 years ago really allows us to manage through this, right? And if you compute, we have about $100 million benefit this year from restructuring and cost reduction planning that we've started 2, 3 years ago. So I think we're doing that. It's part of what we do in the position of strength without compromising the long-term trajectory in E. And the -- we won't do anything that compromises this, and we're not going to constrain anyone within BorgWarner to grow in the field of battery elective vehicle.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. As we look at the material cost recoveries that we're negotiating with our customers, we're generally trying to drive a meaningful portion of those through price adjustments in the portfolio. But undoubtedly, there is a linkage between those price adjustments that we're making and the material cost inflation that we're experiencing such that if there's continued movement of inflation higher, then we would expect to have further discussions with our customers. Just like as if we thought or if we experience inflation starting to unwind, I think it's fair to think that we would expect to have to unwind some of those price increases. So I think that's the right way to think about it.
Kevin Nowlan: I'm not sure, I guess we'll have to see when we get to that point. I mean I think it's a discussion that we'll ultimately have with the customers. It's not necessarily an automatic mechanism that's in place in terms of how those things are just additionally upward or downward, it'll lead to further discussion. So we'll have to see if and when we get to that point.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I think the right way to think about it big picture, 50,000-foot level, is as you look at the first half versus second half, the material cost headwinds that we're expecting kind of on a year-over-year basis when you look at both the commodity side of the equation and the other inflationary costs coming through from our suppliers and the recoveries we're getting, it's somewhat of a push first half to second half in terms of the total magnitude on a year-over-year basis. . And same with eR&D. As you think about going from first half to second half, I think I would put it in a bit similar ZIP code. It's not a substantial headwind going from one half of the year to the next, which means what? It means what's happening is as we continue to drive those pricing recoveries with our customers to mitigate the impact of what we're seeing coming through inflation, it supports our ability to allow the incremental volume to drive conversion. And that's effectively what's happening. Volume is stepping up in the back half of the year. We're getting the incremental conversion on that, that we would ordinarily expect, and we're managing the rest of the cost structure similar to how we're managing the first half of the year.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I think what it implies -- I'm not sure -- I mean it's somewhere in that high single digit to maybe low double-digit ZIP code when you look at the second half of the year, depending if you're at the low end or the high end of our guidance. But on an overall basis, 9% or so for the full year.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I think what we're trying to do is we negotiate the price recoveries with our customers along with the inflationary impacts we're seeing from the supply base is get to the point where we have a stable jump-off point using the second half margin profile as we head into 2023. That's really our objective. And so we go into 2023, and we can have hopefully, a more normalized year from a conversion standpoint. But obviously, we're going to need inflationary pressures to cooperate with us and not create more noise as we head into next year.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. And it is. I think it's fair to assume that given the current market environment, our disposition projects right now are temporarily on hold. I mean simply put, and you're alluding to it, Colin, the debt financing markets are not open to finance transactions in this nature right now. But that's okay. We're not a desperate seller here. These are cash flow-generating businesses that we're happy to hold for the time being.  And then when the debt financing markets do reopen, which they eventually will, then we'll resume our disposition processes. But I think it's fair to think right now, it's just not practical to execute those transactions. And so again, we'll continue to drive the performance of those businesses and generate the cash flow to continue to support our investment strategies.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. So on the net material cost inflation, the cost net of the recoveries in the first quarter, I think we talked about $55 million, if I'm not mistaken. The second quarter, $25 million. So we're actually at about $80 million year-to-date on a year-over-year basis which implies now that we're saying about $145 million to $155 million for the full year, there's another $70 million year-over-year headwind in the back half of the year. So roughly comparable to the headwind in the first half of the year, that's similar to my comments that I was responding to Emmanuel's question on.  So that's maybe the first point. In terms of the spillover effect, I mean our focus is really on addressing the P&L issues we're seeing from the material cost inflation, addressing those with our customers this year. And so that's what's embedded in our guidance and effectively allows us to mitigate the incremental headwinds that we are seeing in the back half of the year so we can manage that year-over-year headwind somewhere in that $65 million to $75 million ZIP code.  And then the -- and then what that allows us to effectively do is have more normalized conversion as revenue comes back into the P&L in the last 6 months. On the e-R&D question, the second quarter, we were up $56 million in eProducts related R&D, which means we're up a little over $80 million in the first half of the year, which is right in line with our guide for the full year being up $145 million to $160 million on a full year basis. With respect to the other R&D in the quarter, the other R&D was actually down $15 million. So total R&D was up 41, of which 8 products was up 56 and call it, combustion-based R&D was down 15.
Kevin Nowlan: I'll have Fred talk about the competitive moat. Let me take that first question. I mean to be honest, we view this as a temporary hold in the execution of the disposition strategy. I mean all of us, including you, have lived through these types of markets before where the debt financing markets can shut down and become cost prohibitive for a period of time, but they're generally not closed for years. And so from our perspective, we've got multiple years before we really want to hit our EV objectives and deliver on the priorities that we laid out at our Investor Day 1.5 years ago, and we expect to execute on that.  So we're not looking at scenarios where we're unable to dispose of these businesses through the middle of the decade. We still have plenty of time, and our process is still ready. I mean it's ready to go when the debt markets reopen, we'll resume those processes. And maybe I'll turn it to Fred for your second question.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. Fundamentally, we're expecting that the inventory that we've built in the first half of the year that we were able to unwind that in the back half of the year as we start to see volumes ramp up and consume some of that inventory. We also saw a little bit of elevated receivable balances because with the China shutdowns, we saw some of our China customers paying a little bit later than they ordinarily would. And we expect that to reverse as well as we get into the third quarter here. So that we're expecting to get back to effectively where we were to start the year from a working capital perspective.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, I was going to say, I think Pat will come back to you on maybe some ways to think about CPV, but as we've mentioned, the market looking after 2030, we think it's about an $18 billion global market opportunity, of which about half of that is in North America and Europe, where we're positioned to play right now. But Pat can give you a little bit more detail on how to think about the different elements of CPV there.
Kevin Nowlan: [Indiscernible] a little bit last year when we were talking about some of our programs actually exceeding our expectations last year because we were having higher customer penetrations on a few programs than we were anticipating as being steady state. And then we started to see in the back half of last year, in particular that I'll say, outsized penetration unwound a little bit. And so that's what we're calling the normalization effectively of a key program or 2 in China. So we start to lap that benefit now as we head into the third quarter, and you shouldn't see that headwind materially anymore in our outgrowth.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I think generally speaking, if you think about the types of companies we look to acquire, they have -- they look generically like one of 2 companies, either one, a company that has a little bit more mature income statement. Or two, one that's in the infancy of its growth trajectory and still doesn't have much in the way of a P&L. Those businesses that have a more mature income statement are much more exposed to the current market environment and the inflationary environment that we're seeing.  And that creates a lot more uncertainty and due diligence about the ability to recover on some of those -- from customers, the pricing inflation issues that, that business is seeing, which sometimes can create a bid-ask spread between a buyer and seller until there's clarity and resolution around those topics. So those types of companies are a little bit harder to transact on in the current environment. And we saw that like we talked about last quarter, where we walked away from a particular transaction, we simply couldn't close the gap on some of those issues.  When you look at companies that are earlier in their growth trajectory, they're really focused on developing their technology, driving new business wins that come into the P&L and, say, '24, '25, '26, those are the types of companies that we're more apt to execute on in the near term given the environment. And that's a lot like Santroll, a lot like Rhombus, companies that have more of a profile of that. And on the margin, it's helped by the fact that because of the challenging capital markets, there -- it tends to be it's more limited options for those companies to secure capital to fund their growth objectives, whereas we have the ability to provide that kind of funding. So the strategic capital that we can bring to bear actually gives us a bit of an advantage in working with companies like that in this type of an environment.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I think at this point, we're -- we haven't really updated that guidance, but I think it's fair to say it's in the same ZIP code as to where we were from a breakeven perspective. But there's a couple of key variables to keep an eye on. One is, as we continue to invest more in eProducts-related R&D that can become a headwind to that near-term breakeven. But on the other hand, as our EV revenue grows like we're seeing now $850 million, our expectation for the full year 2022, that gives us incremental contribution, which is a tailwind. So those are the 2 key variables to keep an eye on and how both of those items grow. But I think directionally, there's no real significant change in our outlook even though we're not going to provide a specific update today.
