Frédéric Lissalde: Yeah, John, from an engineering and I see no footprint perspective, this business unit is essentially tilted to North America and China. That's where the -- most of the restructuring will happen, because this is where we have the weight. But it also touches some parts of Europe. The restructuring is sized so that when PDS carries on launching so many products for major OEMs globally, we're converting mid-teens the way up, and that's how we sized. We sized the restructuring. We're focusing on launching the products that we've booked, and we've also focused on very defined programs for long-term product leadership and enhanced product efficiencies.
Frédéric Lissalde: Yes. So the propulsion mix is volatile and unpredictable. And what we're doing at Borg is making sure that we are converting on the additional revenue wherever the revenue comes from. We're focusing on launching our new business that were booked, and this is what translates in the numbers and the updated guide.
Frédéric Lissalde: Yes. Colin, the outgrowth for Q2 is 120 basis points. And this is essentially impacted by eProduct revenue at the low end of our guide. And also essentially the program in North America -- BEV program in North America that's not really not really performing well. I would look at a smooth out growth quarter-over-quarter as a good proxy. I think 300 basis points for the first half is where we want to be, and -- be around 400 basis points for the full year, which is also where we kind of want to be.
Frédéric Lissalde: Yeah. So I would say, first, a lot of our combustion products go into hybrids and are a key element of making the combustion side of hybrid lean and efficient. So I think I think when you think about BorgWarner, I don't think you should try and split combustion, hybrid and BEV. Because our combustion product goes on combustion and hybrid, our eProduct also a very versatile item go on EV and hybrid. Those are the same products. And so we have the portfolio to play in all three segments, if you call that segment. And outgrow the segment and convert on outgrowth. It is as simple as this.
Frédéric Lissalde: Yes. Back to your prior question, I just want to add that we're incrementing mid-teens, including the year-over-year additional $20 million eR&D spend. On battery, it's on track. Seneca is doing a great job, and they're now food in production. We are on track also for Europe. And the battery business performance is, of course, contributing positively to the incremental margins that we are delivering for the first half and also an important part of our guiding up for the full year.
Frédéric Lissalde: Dan, our guide reflects what we see in the market, and we expect the market to be down 2%, 3% year-over-year, with the biggest reduction being in China, followed by North America and Europe. In China, we see a bit of a weaker consumer demand now impacting production rates. In North America, we're seeing some customers working to address their inventory level. And in Europe, there is also a bit of a weaker demand and depletion of backlog. But all that is embedded in our guide, both on the top line and bottom-line.
Frédéric Lissalde: Hey Mark. So, remember, eProduct are -- go both into hybrids and BEVs and in China, NEVs encompasses both hybrid and BEV. The fastest growth is hybrids in China. We're launching a lot of new products in China, about 95% of our eProduct in China are made with a big Chinese carmakers. A lot of our products also are used for potential exports and also potential localization. So, we're very happy with our business in China. The impact of the tariff. I think it's a little early to anticipate. But China is certainly a part of the world where we are gaining scale, and that's very helpful when we go with those eProducts supporting the e side of Hybrids and BEV in other parts of the world.
Frédéric Lissalde: Thanks. Yes, acquisition, together with organic product development has allowed us to create that very unique portfolio that we're growing organically. Acquisition may remain an important part of the strategy over the long term. But I can tell you that I would classify our approach as being even more stringent and prudent than in the past. And I don't see M&A highly likely to be announced over the next couple of 2, 3 quarters, thus our intention to repurchase $300 million of stock or pretty much giving back to shareholders 100% of our cash generation. That's what I would tell you Mark.
Frédéric Lissalde: Adam, I think we need to focus on what we can control. And what we can control is create a great product that is versatile across different production mix scenario. Outgrow the market, increment, generating cash and be smart about the cash utilization. As I mentioned before, in Mark's prior question, M&A was essential and helped us together with organic product development to create that very unique portfolio. Now, I think we have a great portfolio, and we're focusing on growing it organically and going back to the BorgWarner basics of outgrowing, converting generic in cash.
Frédéric Lissalde: Yeah. I think our numbers in commercial vehicle have been adjusted a little bit in the prior quarter. The impact of eProduct is essentially linked to light vehicle at this point in time. I would just remind you that we're growing 25% year-over-year on eProducts from about $2 billion to about now about $2.5 billion, which is if you take a step back, in our growth versus what you see in powertrain electrification.
Craig Aaron: Yes. So when we think about first half, second half, I think actually, the better way to look at it is year-over-year. And when you think about our margin 9.3% to 9.6% in the second half of the year, when you look at the high end of our guide, we're incrementing in mid-teens. On the low end, we're decrementing in the low double digits. That's excluding the benefits of restructuring. So Colin, when you include restructuring, we're incrementing in the 30% range on the high end of our guide, and on the bottom end of the guide, we're holding flat. For us, I think that's really good underlying performance. And so that's how we're looking at it year-over-year.
Craig Aaron: Yeah, Chris, I'd say the way to look at it is when you look at Q2 we're at 10.4%. There was -- as I mentioned in my script, about $15 million benefit in the quarter with some items. So when you remove that, it's about 10% for Q2. As we move into the second half of the year, as mentioned, revenue is coming down about $200 million purely market, $75 million foreign exchange and the balances on the eProduct side of our portfolio. And ultimately, at the midpoint operating income is unchanged. And so I think your question is, how are we doing that? And I think it's coming from our strong first half performance and our restructuring benefits is offsetting the sales decline. I think it's really as simple as that.
Craig Aaron: Yes. Thanks, Joe, for the question. You're right. Yes, we said $40 million to $50 million starting the year. Now after this restructuring, it's going to be down to $20 million to $30 million. And how I look at it is our eProduct portfolio is still growing $0.5 billion. It's still going to be up about 25% year-over-year, and that $20 million to $30 million is supporting a lot of launches that are going to be happening in the future. It's really focused on application engineering, and that's really what that $20 million to $30 represents year-over-year.
Craig Aaron: On that growth, we're going to continue to support those programs with R&D, and we're still focused, as always, on 15% return on invested capital on all new programs.
Craig Aaron: Yes. The quick answer is coming from both really, really strong growth in the quarter like you saw. It's coming from both sides of the portfolio on the Battery business and the Foundational business. And I think we're also -- so we're converting on that extra sales at the same time, really focused on cost, taking productivity actions supplier savings, restructuring, those are all the benefits that you're seeing come through our P&L. But the short answer, it's really coming from both sides of the business.
Craig Aaron: I think for us, it's about transparency to our shareholders. When you look at the second quarter, we were blacked out for the majority of the second quarter, and we wanted to provide clarity to the investment community that we wanted to allocate all of our free cash flow to shareholders. It was the right time given Fred's comments earlier about M&A. So we wanted to provide clarity and transparency.
Craig Aaron: Okay. Thanks, James. And I'll confirm Q2 sales were $576 million. You'll see that in our 10-Q later today, and I'll turn it over to Fred on your other question.
Craig Aaron: Right now, Eldor is unchanged, and that's how you should think about it. Obviously, we're focused on the total business and targeting $100 million in cost savings by 2026.
Adam Jonas: Thanks, Freddie and team, I just got a couple of questions. So BorgWarner ranks around 490 out of 500 companies in the S&P and PE multiple. It is by far the cheapest auto supplier, auto-related supplier, in the S&P 500, which is really astonishing given, in my opinion, I think in yours too Freddie, this is one of the most accomplished engineering firms in industry, maybe in the world. You have custom alloys and the tolerances and the pressures that your products are used. It's just -- it's very, very high-tech stuff. Why -- what -- in your opinion, your team's opinion, what is the market telling you about your capital allocation strategy? And I don't know what clues you're getting from today's share price reaction, for example, versus other -- it seems like the market is penalizing investments in E [ph] and then rewarding pulling back or rewarding capital return. I don't know if you agree with that message or you're in tune with that? Or do you have a different hypothesis? And then I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Adam Jonas: Okay. That's great. My follow-up is a simple question, I guess. What is the logic for advertising the share buybacks? Why -- like to me, it's like going to someone and like you want to buy a house and you tell the owner, hey, I love your house. It's fantastic and then making a bid later. Why advertise the target, in this case, being your own stock in a way that might make you a hostage to your own fortune. I just don't understand the logic. Can you explain why you do that? Thanks.
Adam Jonas: Okay. My only feedback is you can do that in real time and you don't always have to have the forward time horizon with the amount. But that's just feedback and you guys run the business. I appreciate you taking the time to answer the questions.
