Frédéric Lissalde: So if you all focus on Q1, it's essentially Europe and China. And in China, we think that the run rate in Q1 is not going to be much better than the run rate we saw in December. So it's you know - it's below minus 20%. And in Europe - also we see Europe around minus 5%, minus 6% which also is pretty much the run rate that we saw in Q4 last year. Now when it comes to the backlog, it impacts the backlog where actually - literally there is no backlog in Q1. If you look at the backlog evolution and if you are removing Q1, we're pretty much absolutely in line with what we've announced and marching towards this $2 billion to $2.4 billion. And the outgrowth of the market actually, if you take Q1 out, if you do the math on outgrowth of the market in Q2 to Q4, we are around 400 basis points to 550 basis points, which supports our long-term view of $14 billion by 2023.
Frédéric Lissalde: Well, it's essentially the China volume of new programs that are - that are lower right. And it's because of - of the market being down so much. Also we have and I think we talked about it before, some Europe and North America timing, but the majority of the impact is in China.
Frédéric Lissalde: So from a - from a full-year basis at the high end of our guide, we have an incremental of single digit. I think it's around 6% and that's essentially linked to the weaker Q1. At the low end of our guide, we have - have a decremental. that is, a little bit on the high side and it's also linked in Q1 from - a volume and conversion standpoint. Supplier bankruptcy is around $5 million, if I had to show a number. And as you know, tariff is also impacting us. And on the announced perspective we're not - we're not slowing down on any R&D announced support and that has an impact of about $10 million.
Frédéric Lissalde: The outgrowth, if you remove Q1 with inventory adjustment in China, launch timing is actually improving quarter-over-quarter. And the back half of 2019, the outgrowth is close to 500 basis points, which was - which is in line with the outgrowth of last year, and which is in line with the backlog and in line with the $14 billion by 2023. So that's the cadence and that's the sequence of that backlog and outgrowth of the market.
Frédéric Lissalde: All right. So let me give you some color on the backlog. About 15% of the backlog is related to turbos, about 30% of the backlog is related to transmission products including DCT and including hybrid products, 20% of the backlog is all-wheel drive and 15% of the backlog is around rotating electric components and motors. In China, most of our backlog is advanced hybrids battery electric vehicle. But we also grow in some of our combustion products. So I would say it's pretty much across the board, 80% of the backlog being hybrid and electric, and I think this is a great example on how we execute the strategy of being overweight in hybrid and electric by 2023.
Frédéric Lissalde: So it's about 50/50. We are 50% working with the Chinese, the big ones and we're doing well with them and the other 50% are with the western JVs.
Frédéric Lissalde: So Noah, we incorporate risk factors and we put in a lot of intelligence in volume adjustments. And we've done that since a few years. There is no change in what we do. We are taking all that in account when we look at the three-year backlog.
Frédéric Lissalde: And I could give you some color on this. Technology is really what's driving our approach, and technology is what drives our focus and our decisions. So we continue to be opportunistic and very, very disciplined the way we look at M&A. And you know it's always been the focus, will always be a focus, always very technology-driven.
Frédéric Lissalde: You know I think it's early in the year. We feel that you know, we need to be a little bit prudent in the market assumptions. From what we see, we see Q1 with inventory adjustment and some volume delays. So what we are focusing on is focusing on what we can control and focusing on our strategy to outgrow the market around 500 basis points year-over-year. You can have some plus, some years or quarter, we're going north of that like we did last year. Some years or quarter we're going to be a little bit lower than that like Q1 this year. But that's our focus and - I think it's the right thing to do, to be prudent looking at the volatility of all those market dynamics right now.
Frédéric Lissalde: We're very, very happy with the motor that we have. We have a great motor. We have a great technology with a PACE Award. We're very happy with the booking flow that we see. And as we mentioned before, we don't see any differences from a competition intensity in this field than what we see in other fields in other product lines.
Frédéric Lissalde: So two things I would say Rod. First one is, we strongly believe that China is where the music is played from a battery electric vehicle standpoint and we're doing very well here - there. And we're very proud about having 50% of our backlog being in China. In Europe, when you look at the backlog you need to - I think factor that effect that it's made of the diesel decline. And if you factor that back in, I think you will increase that European backlog by about 10%. And in North America, even if customers are moving, I think customers are waiting on regulations that we hope are going to become published and real in the next weeks or months. So that's what I would say to give you some color on your question.
Frédéric Lissalde: So we don't see program cancellations. We see some delays and we see volumes of the backlog being impacted by the fact that the Chinese market is lower and inventories are being are being managed. I would say that what I see is that the backlog is well balanced across the three regions. When I look at the intensity of what people are doing from a hybrid and electric standpoint, and we're very confident that the booking that we see coming our way is supporting a constant 500 basis points outgrowth and confirming that $14 billion by 2023.
Frédéric Lissalde: I would say China is still a significant portion of the backlog. China is remaining significant and Europe is going to come. The good thing and what we really like where we are is that, from a from a hybrid and electric standpoint, we're going to get scale in China. And getting scale is what's important once we are - we're at scale. It's going to be really, really an enabler for us to be booking business in Europe and in North America.
Frédéric Lissalde: So as I mentioned, we are incorporating a certain level of risk and volume adjustments in the backlog. And we are used to - since we talk to everyone and since we have a very broad customer base, we used to discount what customers tell us and - but we feel good about where we are. The backlog to 2021 is 100% booked, and 2023 is about 80% booked. So the biggest risk that you would have between now and 2021 would be industry volume.
Frédéric Lissalde: I would say that there is a timing effect in 2018. If you didn't have Q1 the way we look at it, you would see a backlog that would be absolutely in line with what we've announced last year, which was around $700 million to $800 million. So if you remove Q1, the 2019 backlog would be flat versus the prior announcement. Nevertheless or in addition, I would say that, what's important for us is to really focus on what we can control which is the outgrowth of the market and which is launching the products and booking the new businesses. So, if you remove that timing effect of Q1, we're actually absolutely in-line with what we've announced before.
Frédéric Lissalde: I think it is a fair statement. We see an acceleration in the flow of products that we win in hybrid and also you need to factoring in - factor in the diesel decline that impacts the volume on the production spend, on the combustion segment.
Frédéric Lissalde: And then bring our CapEx, we intend to have that. They'll be within that same 5.5% to 6.5% range long term. Again we're hoping to drive that to the lower end of the range, maybe go lower but that factors there in as well.
Frédéric Lissalde: Yes, I'd say a couple of things. One is, and we've talked about this. For us to get our mid-teen incremental goal, we're looking for some minimum amount of growth of at least 2% because that growth will help us drive that incremental margin and we admit that on the Engine side separately, and I talked about it. We're not really happy with the incremental and decremental downtime Engine right now. So we're going to take a closer look at that and see if there's some cost actions that we can take to get that more in line with our long-term expectations.
Frédéric Lissalde: It's almost all around the Q1 backlog. As I mentioned before, if you remove the - no backlog in Q1, we're in line with the 500 basis points at midpoint.
Frédéric Lissalde: Yes they are - you have some delays announced you have also some lower volume announced, due to the Q1 market situation especially in China. And this is going to roll out in the future years as you as you've seen the 2020 and '21 backlog is strong. Yeah, so it's a timing essentially linked to Q1.
Frédéric Lissalde: There was strong - we were strong with that, with the big Chinese OEMs. That's really the punch line, Brian. And we will follow up with you on your prior question. I apologize I cannot give you that granularity. On China, it's the big ones.
Frédéric Lissalde: So the industry assumption that we have in 2020 and 2021 is a growth of 1%, which is the baseline assumption that we have that - built up our $14 billion by 2023.
Frédéric Lissalde: I would say that we're incorporating a kind of a slower growth in China that we've seen in the past with maybe a low-single digit growth in that market going forward.
Frédéric Lissalde: We're exploring a lot of different options and we will give you more detail and color in the Q2 call. I mean in the next quarter call.
Frédéric Lissalde: We are incorporating a 300 basis points to 400 basis points shift between last year and this year down. And two things that I would add. We see a little bit of a decrease in the slowing down rate in the past few months. And also as far as we are concerned, as you know Armintas that by the end of 2020, we will be totally agnostic to that diesel penetration take rate.
Frédéric Lissalde: Yeah. It has not changed. As I mentioned before, it's all around technology. It's a technology-driven approach. We're focused on M&A, we're focused on building sustained capabilities for complete solutions and technology. Product leadership drives the focus.
Frédéric Lissalde: No, we are absolutely not seeing any change. We are seeing a strong pull for our iDM products for battery electric vehicle. We are also seeing a strong pull as you've seen in some of the announcements for our air and liquid heaters. And today, most of what we sell is eDM, so it's transmission and mortar. And in focus and in the near future, we felt iDM which is transmission mortar and power electronics.
Frédéric Lissalde: We are planning for China's run rate to be stable to today's run rate. So we're not we're not planning for a deterioration of the China market. We're planning for a - we're not planning for an improvement as the year advances. We are not thinking also we're not seeing any slowdown in intensity of program development and awards that we see from those key customers that we have in China, which is really encouraging.
Frédéric Lissalde: Yes we benefited in queue far from our - from a strong commercial vehicle market. In our backlog we assumed flat going forward. And again when you think about commercial vehicle and BorgWarner, the North American Class A is small. 12% of our business is what we call commercial vehicle. But it's pretty much a third North America, third Europe, and third China and rest of the world. And we are in off road, and agricultural construction. So don't associate North America Class 8 to BorgWarner commercial vehicle portfolio.
Frédéric Lissalde: Yes. So our assumption is that Europe for the second half will be flat versus the second half of '18. I think our customers have done a great job you know getting lessons learned from the U.S. GDP. But clearly all the years is coming and is not going to be. It's not going to be done with no effort it's going to require a lot of work.
Frédéric Lissalde: I would not. I think you should ask them directly. I wouldn't want to comment specifically for our customers.
Frédéric Lissalde: Yes we have a pull for system from a hybrid and electric standpoint, but it's the mix. We also, as I mentioned before, we also very open to support the customer with components and sometimes we do and we are happy to serve them with all the products that we have in this propulsion side of them of the market and of the technology.
Frédéric Lissalde: And what, I think it was also mentioned in my prepared remarks in China we see a little bit more interest on modules than in the rest of the world. But it's the mix and we're happy to support them in any different shape or shape or form.
Frédéric Lissalde: Yeah. So with that thermostat business, we entered into an agreement where we were for final signing and everything which should be happening in the next few weeks if all goes according to plan. Your other question on portfolio for some of the other products that's an ongoing process for us. We're looking at that at all times looking at what makes sense for us. And then there's a lot of different factors that go into that where we see the market, where we see our strength and our position in the market. So that's something that's an ongoing discussion with us.
Frédéric Lissalde: With that, I'd like to thank you all for your questions today. If you have any follow ups, feel free to reach out to me. Sharon you can close the call.
Thomas McGill: Noah, this is Tom. So first of all, with dividends we've said before that we will grow dividends with our free cash flow growth. So we were kept on a level this year. On the stock buyback, we're guiding to share repurchases of about $100 million versus about $150 million in 2018. Our 2019 guidance is similar to how we initiated 2018 as well. However, we're going to continue to buy back shares opportunistically as has been our historical practice when we're producing excess cash. And if there's no near-term M&A possibilities, we will consider buying back additional shares. So, with that - and then we - again, we do continue to look at M&A with a focus on technology.
Thomas McGill: Right. We don't anticipate any changes in margins and returns when we close business. And this is done on our investor presentation. Yeah, we have certain return on invested capital hurdle and those hurdles are the same no matter the region or the type of product. So yeah - so we have that minimum hurdle rate, we can always go to go above that. But what we're seeing on our business wins and hybrid and electric is kind of an average return on invested capital that's very consistent with what we have on combustion.
Thomas McGill: It's for the tariffs that are currently in place, but we have not made any assumption for any tariffs that have not been decided on. So List 3 has very little impact.
Thomas McGill: Yes. So if you're talking about the low end of the market range that would put China at minus 12 year-over-year, Europe around minus 5, and in North America around 3 to 4.
