Frederic Lissalde: Chris, we're definitely a leader in this field, and I feel really good about the progress. I see -- I feel really good about the momentum. I feel really good about the fact that the technology that we got with Delphi is really strong, high-voltage silicon carbide, driving efficiency.  And I feel really good about the combination. We bring financial strength and customer intimacy, and we're booking business. And so the positioning is strong. The customer feedback is positive. I'm kind of happy where the company is right now and more to come.
Frederic Lissalde: Yes. We are working with both, right, both the legacy OEM, as you call them, and new startups. We have actually been pretty successful towards those 2 customer market segments. Obviously, in our business, we are in the business of long-term relationships. And that solid foundation that we have and the solid customer intimacy that we have across the world -- certainly matters.
Frederic Lissalde: John, what we see is certainly some kind of disruption, mostly in the first half. The second half recovery is currently unknown. What we have put in the low end of our guidance, John, is a net production impact greater than 1 million vehicle, and that's reflected in the low end of the guidance. That's for the full year.
Frederic Lissalde: So what I would say is restructuring is part of what we do, and we always want to do that in a position of strength. We did restructuring, we are on track. Delphi did Pioneer, we are continuing that, we are on track. And on top of that, we have the synergies, and also we are on track.
Frederic Lissalde: I would say, Emmanuel, that the backlog is in line with what we discussed over the past quarter, leading to outgrowth to south of 500 basis points. I'm very, very happy with the fact that, as we discussed before, 45% of that backlog is on e-products. And the rest is all-wheel drive and turbos and a little bit of emissions. But 45% pure e, except those products that go in high-voltage BEV in China, which is small within that 45%.  This is a very, very good performance. I think it speaks volume to our ability to win one. And it speaks volume to our ability to deliver growth in this growing segment, leading to additional content per vehicle in this segment. So I feel pretty good about where we are.
Frederic Lissalde: So we don't -- again, 45% is in e, okay? And the rest is either in CE or in H, but 45% of the backlog are products that translate into BEV.
Frederic Lissalde: So no, the -- Delphi, I'm very happy with Delphi. Delphi was done to gain scale in power electronics, electronic software predominantly. And now we can think about -- and the combination is on track. You heard me saying that the team is really strong.  Now it's time, with this new base with this new portfolio and technology breadth of -- breadth, it's time to accelerate. And as I mentioned, the strategy will be shared at Investor Day. We're not looking for -- we don't want to disturb the Delphi integration.  And we will focus into technologies, we will focus into technologies that allows us to stronger in all the elements that -- where electrons go in a battery electric vehicle be it PassCar or commercial vehicle. That's the -- that would be the clear target around technology. And the Delphi integration is a key focus, and we're not going to disturb that.
Frederic Lissalde: And those two things, the two questions are linked to each other. Free cash flow is a strong enabler of us being able to do what I just said. And our focus on free cash flow since about 3, 4 years ago has been the right thing to do with that strategy in mind.
Frederic Lissalde: All the products that we do for PassCar are available for commercial vehicle. The different variants are going to be used for different power demand and functional demand from our customers. It is a family of product that can be translated into other types of commercial vehicle demands.  On top of those motors, we have motor controller. You know that we are also into the commercial vehicle battery pack area. And so we are -- this market segment is really important for us. The electrification of those vehicles will also, we think, be profound, and we're ready.
Frederic Lissalde: So we have direct exposures since we are delivering a vast amount of electronics systems and subsystems. We've been jumping through hoops over the past 2, 3 months to keep everything going. So far, so good, I would say, from a direct exposure. And overall, we are including, in the low end of our guide, an impact of slightly more than 1 million vehicle for the full year. That's the exposure that we see on the low end of the guide, being direct or indirect.
Frederic Lissalde: Yes. It's very positive. I would -- so yes, we've covered more than 75% of all customers on the planet being PassCar and CV. I see 3 areas of synergies. First, when Delphi brings technology that we didn't have, for example silicon carbide, BorgWarner's booking. When BorgWarner brings financial strength and customer intimacy, which is an example of one of the product that I alluded to in my prepared remarks, BorgWarner is booking. And the last combination that exists are product combination, a system combination. And obviously this will take a little bit more time, but BorgWarner will be booking.
Frederic Lissalde: We're not seeing any impact to our discussion to our discussion with our North American customers. And from a product portfolio perspective, from a technology perspective, we are ready to accelerate at the pace they would like to accelerate. We're already with great technologies leading to very, very good efficiency gains in battery electric vehicles.
Frederic Lissalde: Brian, our view of in-sourcing versus outsourcing has not changed from what we presented in December. And our view that our family of motors can be applicable in both PassCar and CV has not changed either. And so we started booking some CV business a few years ago, and this one is certainly getting it to another dimension. But we've always planned our product portfolio across PassCar and CV and learned from those two market segment to be at the forefront of technology and reliability.
Frederic Lissalde: For us, it doesn't really matter if the motor is away from the axle or in the axle. You will always need for very high-power density motor with a very smart controller attached to it. What we're saying is that more and more customers not wanting to be in the middle of the motor on the motor controller, and I think those synergies are going to make our customers' life easier going forward as we are able to have a great motor and a great motor controller supplied -- developed and supplied together.
Frederic Lissalde: So we're leading the market with high-voltage and silicon carbide. And in our world, it's all about efficiency. And it's certainly a fact that high voltage and silicon carbide enables lower losses and higher efficiency. And we're laser-focused into enhancing this technology to the highest possible level. And I am -- and I'm very happy with what we're seeing. The fact that we have vertically integrated power module, ASICS, software development is also an advantage that we have that the customer also values quite a bit.
Frederic Lissalde: The relationship still exist. I will not comment about sourcing of the silicon carbide, but the partnership with Cree has not changed and is being nurtured.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, Chris, this is Kevin. I'd say I mean keep in mind as we talked about in the past, we stay focused whether it's a legacy, I'll call it combustion business, or it's our new EV portfolios, that we drive toward a return on invested capital target consistently across those types of businesses. But obviously as we're in ramp-up mode for a business like our EV portfolio, we're investing a lot more in the front end, and we're not at steady state yet from a revenue perspective. So those ROIC targets are over the life of the program, but the cost tends to come in at the front end, particularly from an R&D perspective.  And so just as you saw, we talked about today ramping up our R&D to 5%. Some of that is contemplating -- it's really contemplating the increased investments we're making in that EV portfolio as we're securing new business wins. So that does become a headwind to margin in the near term on a discrete basis. But overall we're managing that within our portfolio, and you can see that in our margin guide. I mean the 10.0% to 10.5% contemplates that increase in R&D.  And you see our backlog is getting skewed more and more toward e-products, which is great. We feel great about that. And we still remain on track for our 2023 margin target, with all that considered, of delivering over 11% operating margin.  So it's obviously a business we're investing in. It creates a little pressure on margins, but we're managing that across the portfolio, and right on track to deliver with our long-term margin targets.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, I guess that's not how we're thinking about it. I mean we look at those businesses, they're businesses that, from an accounting perspective, needed to be reported separately. And that's part of the reason that they reported that way. And our focus is really on growing the profitability of those 2 portfolios.  As you look at the FIS business, as Fred talked about in his remarks, we're seeing wins in GDI, and we see some real growth prospects in that business along with the leading positions that, that business already has. I think as we look at it, we see opportunity to improve the profitability of that portfolio, and that's really the focus there.  And from an aftermarket perspective, we feel good about the margin progress that we saw in that business in the fourth quarter. And we would expect to continue to drive margin performance in that business. So that's really how we look at those right now.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I mean the F-150 will definitely help us from just an overall revenue outgrowth perspective. It is the reason that we underperformed in North America in the fourth quarter. I want to say it was probably around a $25 million, $30 million type of revenue impact on us. So we would expect obviously that headwind to abate and that be -- not be an overhang on outgrowth as we look ahead to 2021.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. On the fourth quarter, I mean we were pleased with the results that came in from Delphi, both from a top line perspective and from a margin perspective. The biggest upside that we saw in terms of revenue being up effectively from the midpoint of our guide by about $145 million really came in the fuel injection and the legacy powertrain products portfolio. And so we are pleased with that performance, because that also actually helps from a margin perspective, because those are two of the stronger portions of the business from a margin contribution perspective. So that's a big driver of what caused us to generate some upside.  I'd say also it's probably fair to say we were one month into the -- owning Delphi and just starting to really get our hands around some top line and bottom line drivers in the business. And so we did make some cautious assumptions as we gave Q4 guidance with respect to the Delphi portfolio, and those proved to be too conservative at the end of the day.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I think with respect to 2021, we feel really good about our ability to deliver on the guidance that we're giving, with the outgrowth of 100 to 300 basis points in totality, which basically assumes that Delphi outgrowth flat to actually slightly negative because of that diesel headwind. So we feel good about our ability to deliver on that outgrowth for the year, to deliver on that improving margin profile, the 10% to 10.5% in totality for the company, and delivering strong cash flow. And in terms of what that means for us as we look to 2021 and even beyond, we think we're right on track to deliver the greater than 11% operating margin as we progress toward 2023.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. In terms of -- I mean as we look ahead to capital allocation priorities in 2021, I would tell you that we are actively exploring several M&A opportunities that we think accelerate our position and growth in electrification. And I would say that is a priority for us as we look into 2021.  From there, we'll assess our buyback capacity through the course of the year based on how those M&A opportunities materialize. But our focus is definitely shifting towards more aggressively deploying capital to support growth initiatives and positioning in electrification. You can see that both in our R&D investment stepping up to 5% this year, and you'll see it as we continue to pursue M&A opportunities.
Kevin Nowlan: It doesn't supplement. It's just it's how we look at deploying the $800 million to $900 million of free cash flow this year that we expect to generate in 2021. Our priority is going to be really focused on some of these M&A opportunities that improve our positioning and growth in electrification. In terms of the $1 billion program, we remain committed to the program, as you can see by the evidence of what we did in our Q4 repurchase activity. But as it relates to how we're looking ahead here in '21 and beyond, we're definitely focused on exploring some of these key M&A opportunities that we're pursuing.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I guess the -- I mean the backlog has always included all of our revenue relative to the measurement of our market performance. And so as you look at this as well, it's included on the same basis. I mean it's a much smaller piece of the backlog than the rest of it on the OE side, primarily because our focus on the aftermarket business isn't necessarily driving rapid growth. It's making sure we sustain strong levels of profitability.
Kevin Nowlan: We don't have it broken down, I think, by -- we're trying to get away from the idea of Delphi versus not Delphi. But overall when you look at this, 4.5% outgrowth is what's effectively implied by this 2022 to 2024 backlog, which I would tell you is directionally consistent with what we provided a year ago when we talked about 4.5% or mid-4% outgrowth across the combined portfolio, which had the legacy BorgWarner more in that 5% ZIP code and the legacy Delphi with some of those near-term headwinds in diesel, more in that 3%.  I'd say we're not breaking it that way anymore, but directionally, I'd say that's a fair way to think about it. But as you look ahead, Delphi is probably a little bit more of that backlog because now we're looking at 22% to 24% as opposed to 21% to 23% where there was a little bit more of that diesel headwind.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I guess on the -- when you look at the Q4 performance, we're obviously really pleased with the fact that we delivered 11.4%. And now that's an annualized revenue of $15.7 billion, so obviously higher than the run rate that we're walking into here in 2021 where at the midpoint of our guidance 15 and actually 300 million of that is even driven by currency. So Q4 is really about $1 billion higher annualized revenue than where 2021 is x foreign currency.  But I think directionally, you're looking at it the right way. We feel that between the incremental synergies that we expect to deliver even beyond 2021, which is another $85 million, with the additional margin improvement that we're driving in certain portions of the legacy Delphi businesses in particular, and with the revenue growth inclusive of that backlog we just highlighted and our ability to convert on that, we feel very comfortable with our ability to deliver on that greater than 11% margin in 2023.  And then on the other question you asked around M&A, I was actually speaking more to the acquisition side, but we do have an active portfolio management process. And I would say we're spending a lot of time thinking about that as we look ahead. Because I think you should expect that, that will be a more active part of what we're looking at on a go-forward basis. But my comments really were focused on some M&A activities -- opportunities that we're looking at that could utilize cash flow that we're generating this year.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I mean I think the first thing you look at when you look at the Q4 performance, which was in the upper 9% margin range for that as a stand-alone business, I mean keep in mind, Q4 was a really strong revenue quarter, going back to the highest levels relative to maybe a couple of years ago. So $1.1 billion in the quarter, on an annualized basis almost $4.5 billion, so that's a pretty strong level of revenue. And part of the upside that the business was seeing there came in some of the portions of the portfolio that have had historically stronger margins. So I think that's an important piece to keep in mind. That said, I think the restructuring actions that the company had been taking pre-closing and that we're continuing on a post-closing basis will continue to support that margin profile. But remember, we're continuing to offset that headwind that's coming from that legacy diesel business. And you see from my slides that in 2021, that's expected to be about $140 million revenue decline. And that comes with some outsized margin because it's a strong margin performing piece of the portfolio. And that's where the restructuring actions that we're continuing to execute that legacy Project Pioneer are helping to mitigate the impact of those headwinds. But overall when you look at it, it was strong margin and getting some tailwind from some of the cost performance actions that the business has been executing over the last couple of years.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, I think we're really focused on completing the actions that we're already in the midst on. The restructuring program that we announced about a year ago on the legacy BorgWarner side is going well. And we have more actions that we're executing on as we go through '21 and 22, so we're focused on executing that.  Project Pioneer still has some more work to do predominantly in 2021, and we're going to continue to execute that program through '21 and a little bit into '22. And then we have the cost synergies that we're executing on.  So we have a lot on our plate right now already that we're really focused on delivering on, and we would expect those to be completed over the next couple of years. And then we'll take stock of where we are and if there's anything else we need to do at that point.
Kevin Nowlan: And just one thing to correct, Emmanuel, the $2.8 billion we display is a 3-year number, just 2022 to 2024.
Kevin Nowlan: And then on a net basis if you're referring to how we've broken it out a little bit, electrification including hybrid, over 100% of that net backlog on a net basis is coming from hybrid and electric. But we're really starting to focus more and more as we talk to you about the e-products, to make sure you have visibility on the e-products that are really truly applicable to the battery electric vehicles. And that's the point of this 45% of the backlog that we're really focused on. But over 100% of the net backlog is effectively hybrid and electric vehicles.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. We expect as we look ahead that our R&D is going to be at that level, 5%. Maybe even a little bit higher than that 5%, to the low 5s as we look out over the next couple of years, and still in line with our ability to deliver on our margin targets as we look ahead to 2023.  So I think you should think from a planning perspective, because of the momentum that we have and the wins that we're seeing in the marketplace in electrification, that we're going to continue to invest more aggressively, probably in that 5% to even upwards of 5.5% range over the coming years.
Kevin Nowlan: As you look at us over the last few years, I mean I know we've talked about being in that 5.5% range or even progressing toward 5%. I think you can see over the last few years, we've actually been more in that mid- to high 4% range. And as we've really scrubbed our planning and looked at that on a go-forward basis, I think we're probably going to be in that 5%-ish range on a go-forward basis.  This year a little bit lighter, but it's actually pretty comparable to the types of CapEx investment we've been investing over the last few years. So I think for this year, you can see it's kind of in the 4.5%. Maybe it will trend up a little bit higher towards the upper end of that guidance range, we'll see. But I think as you think about planning ahead for the coming years, it's probably in that 5% ZIP code is the right way to think about us.
Kevin Nowlan: Ryan, with respect to the specific market assumptions that we're using in the breakdown by geography even of light vehicle, commercial vehicle and in total, we actually included a slide in our backup. it's Slide 21 in the appendix materials to help you have that visibility.  So our global weighted light vehicle market range is 12.5% to 15.5% growth in 2021, which that's the portion for light vehicle. Commercial vehicle global weighted is 3.5% to 6.5%. That blend gets you to the 11% to 14%.
Kevin Nowlan: For today's meeting, we weren't going to go through that in detail. We wanted to give a profile that made sure you understood how we're tracking toward our midterm outgrowth performance. And we still expect to be in that mid-4.5% range, just as we talked about a year ago.  I think the big-picture items that we wanted to make sure you're aware of coming out of today are the fact that 45%-plus are in e-products, and we continue to have the greater than 100% of the backlog on a net basis in hybrid and electric. But today we're not going to be breaking down anything further than that from a combustion, hybrid or electric perspective.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I think back on the content per vehicle opportunity that we talked about on the earlier slide, we've actually put those numbers out here a couple of months ago. So they're consistent with what we've been sharing for the last couple of months, which contemplated basically combining the legacy BorgWarner and Delphi content opportunities.  When you look at the electric side, you can obviously see the number has increased quite a bit. Before, we did have inverters in there because we had capability inverters in inverters even prior to Delphi. But we didn't have it at scale and with the technological leadership position in light vehicle that Delphi has. So I think the probability of us delivering on that content opportunity has increased. And then the dollar amounts actually increased because of some of the other power electronics capabilities, in particular that Delphi brings to the table.  And so as we talk about possibly peeling back the onion here or giving a little bit more data, I think you should be on the watch for Investor Day. And we'll give more color to how we expect the business to be evolving over the coming years.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, I think as we look at it at the moment, we don't see any sort of accelerated asset write-down. I mean the bulk of the investment we make when it comes to Capex, for instance, is depreciated over the life of the programs. And so we're really supporting programs and amortizing on that basis.  And then just keep in mind, some of our core businesses are continuing to grow even in the ICE space as we see some movement towards hybrids, whether you think of turbos and VCT and EDR. But again, the basis of the way we depreciate assets is predominantly over the life of the programs that those assets are there to support.  And then when you think of footprint, remember, we are predominantly an assembly model business in terms of our manufacturing footprint. And so we actually can leverage using that footprint in different ways as we look ahead if we need to pivot.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. Good questions, Adam. I mean the -- in terms of the way that we're calculating the backlog, the one thing that's changed is the way we're measuring market. Because commercial vehicle has become a much bigger part of our portfolio, especially with the Delphi acquisition, we're now using market assumptions for commercial vehicle in addition to light vehicle and then comparing our organic revenue growth against that weighted market. So that is one change that we have in the measurement. The backlog then has always included aftermarket as from a dollar perspective in totality measured against those markets.  When we measure the outgrowth, though, what we do is we're measuring the outgrowth, but we're excluding aftermarket as a measure of that outgrowth against the markets. Because we're really measuring against the OE markets, and we're measuring the revenue that we're generating. So when you see that mid-4% range, the math actually doesn't include any tailwind from aftermarket in the mid-4% range, but the backlog is comprehensive.
