Frédéric Lissalde - BorgWarner, Inc.: Thanks, Pat, and good morning, everyone. We're very pleased to share our results from Q3 and update you on our progress towards delivering our full year targets. I'll start by sharing a few thoughts on the macro environment and the industry, as shown on slide 6. Overall, I'm very proud to say that our growth over market was slightly stronger than we expected, while at the same time, global light vehicle production was much weaker. Let me first make a few remarks about the industry in Q3. Global light vehicle production came in down about 3% versus our expectation of more than 2% growth going into the quarter. This is a 500 basis points headwind versus our expectations. European light vehicle production was down 6% year-over-year as our customers continue to work through WLTP certification. Diesel/gas mix in Europe continues to shift. The diesel share declined by approximately 800 basis points year-over-year in Q3. Moving to China, light vehicle production was down 4% year-over-year, which was 700 basis points weaker than our expectations. North American light vehicle production increased 2% year-over-year and growth in our commercial vehicle business was about a 50 basis point top line benefit year-over-year. Moving to the industry for full year, our expectations are consistent with what we provided last month. This implies a slightly declining global production adjusted for our geographic exposure. Looking at the regions, we expect China flat to down 1%, Europe flat to down 1%, and North America pretty much flat. We still see continued industry headwinds for the remainder of 2018. We expect that the short-term production issues in Europe related to WLTP will continue into Q4. Also, in China, we're expecting industry volumes to remain under pressure through year end. But the key is that we expect to continue to outgrow the market in 2018 based on continued strong demand for our products. Let me now move to slide 7 to give you a brief summary of our Q3 results. Overall, I'm very pleased to the way the team is reacting to the weakening industry backdrop. With $2.5 billion in sales, we're up 3.6% organically excluding FX and Sevcon. This compares to our end market exposure, as mentioned before, down approximately 3%. So, our growth over the market was very strong in the quarter at more than 600 basis points. Looking at our regional growth, North America revenue grew double-digit. We saw low- to mid-single-digit growth in China despite the market decline. Europe revenue declined slightly year-over-year. This light vehicle growth was supplemented by positive revenue trends in commercial vehicle and off-road. Our earnings per share is at $1.00 excluding non-comparable items. Now, for the full year, our organic growth outlook is unchanged from the guidance we provided last month at our Investor Day. We continue to expect organic growth of 4.5% to 5.5% or organic growth of 500 basis points plus over market at the midpoint. We expect our earnings per share to be at $4.35 to $4.40, up 15% to 16% year-over-year. Looking at the market volatility and as we see the risks today, we expect to be at the mid- to low-end of this guidance. Despite the near-term industry volume challenges, we must remain focused on continuing to win new business with our customers around the world, and we shared several key awards during the quarter that are highlighted on slide 8. We would like to highlight two of them today. First, our electric drive module for the new electric vehicles from Great Wall Motors, this includes our EV transmission and electric motor system. Secondly, I'd like to point out that we're seeing traction on booking significant amount of business with our High Voltage Coolant Heater for battery electric vehicle. This quarter, we acquired two pieces of business: one in Europe, and one in Asia. We also would like to point out that our win rates across all propulsion systems – combustion, hybrid, and electric – are strong. Finally, I wanted to recap very briefly the highlights of our last Investor Day on slide 9. Our new business win supports the long-term outlook we shared last month. We expect 2023 revenue of $14 billion before any benefits from M&A. By 2023, we'll be overweight hybrid and electric revenue compared to industry volume, and we're targeting $1 billion of free cash flow in 2023. These targets are achievable because electrification accelerates the opportunities for BorgWarner. This is Ron's last earnings call with the company and I wanted to take a moment to personally thank him for his tremendous contribution over the years to our company. I speak for the entire management team in wishing Ron well in future career opportunities. So, thank you, Ron. All the best. Good luck. And with that, I turn the call over to you.
Frédéric Lissalde - BorgWarner, Inc.: So, thanks, Rich. So, first of all, in Q3, China was a positive contributor. But first half of the year was ahead of the plan, and I think China also fixed a little bit of inventory for us, but still the new business growth is really, really significant for us. And going forward, I think you can expect double-digit over market in China.
Frédéric Lissalde - BorgWarner, Inc.: Right. So, for 2019, one way to look at it is that we certainly see that pretty much in line. For 2018, we have a low recovery, and we are focused into working with our customers to get more recovery than zero. And so, that's going to be our focus going forward in 2019.
Frédéric Lissalde - BorgWarner, Inc.: We might see a little bit more tariffs going forward, because I think it might be the beginning of the impact, but we also think that our focus into getting some recovery is going to compensate some of those increases.
Frédéric Lissalde - BorgWarner, Inc.: So, our view is that it's essentially a second half of 2018 impact and it's certainly going to carry on in Q4. And we also think that the volumes that have been lost in 2018 might not be recovered in 2019. But going forward, we'll do a better job in fixing costs to reduction of volume overall. Now, I think in Europe, early-2019 what we know is that it might actually be back to normal.
Frédéric Lissalde - BorgWarner, Inc.: No, we don't. We're very, very successful in booking business on hybrids and electrics. And what Ron and I see when we get these requests for capital installment, we don't see any changes in margin going forward. So, we're very pleased with the booking rate. It remains strong across combustion, hybrid and electric. And there are many booked items that we can't disclose, as you may imagine, but we don't see any things changing from what we've told you in the past which is pretty much the same margins and capital intensity and return on capital.
Frédéric Lissalde - BorgWarner, Inc.: I think it's getting better. In Europe, we don't have views of inventories. And so, I think they still have some work to do, but I – we're not in those – we don't have those info. We don't – we're not in those types of details, David.
Frédéric Lissalde - BorgWarner, Inc.: So, you're right. There is a lot of volatility. This is why we have kind of wide top line Q4 guidance, and I don't want to comment for next year, but we think that we are seeing public forecast a little bit on the optimistic side. If you see the car registration in September, it's down double-digit. So, we're protecting for a bit of that and it's difficult to forecast short-term, but, yeah, we see that market is going down and that's why we have that wide range of guidance. (29:21).
Frédéric Lissalde - BorgWarner, Inc.: Yeah. We are absolutely on track. Sevcon is focused into playing in our iDM, so integrated Drive Module. That's their focus. As you know, on battery electric vehicle, we have transmissions. We also have transmission and motor as we've announced with Great Wall. And the next step for us is to develop and manufacture an integrated Drive Module including power electronics, that's the focus of Sevcon, and we are absolutely on track for doing that.
Frédéric Lissalde - BorgWarner, Inc.: It might be a little bit early for commenting on the date, but we're getting there. It's a very high focus of ours.
Frédéric Lissalde - BorgWarner, Inc.: So, we have two types of product, Dave. We have the eDM, which is motor and transmission, and we have the iDM, which is power electronics, motor and transmission. The eDM is in production. The iDM is in development.
Frédéric Lissalde - BorgWarner, Inc.: So, as I mentioned in my opening comments, we have a wide range, 1% to 4.5%. When we looked at the guide that we did on September 18, it was due to two things: WLTP and China. WLTP and China was pretty much half and half for Q3 and Q4. And so far, even if I have already commented, we think we're going to be between the midpoint and the low-end of the guide, we don't see a change from what we guided back a month ago.
Frédéric Lissalde - BorgWarner, Inc.: Yeah. So, the $14 billion is without any M&A. And John, we're always active on the M&A front. We have a team of great people focused on optimizing our product portfolio, making proposals for M&A – small, medium or big M&A – and this is something we will always focus on. Technology is always a key. M&A is always focused on, for us, for product leadership. And so, this is the direction we're marching towards.
Frédéric Lissalde - BorgWarner, Inc.: So, we're focused on that. We have plans in place. We have several mitigation actions – localizing, resourcing, sharing, passing it along to our customers some of it. So, we have a view on what we need to do and we have plans in place if that will happen.
Frédéric Lissalde - BorgWarner, Inc.: So, those resourcing plans would take time. There will be negotiation with customers on validation periods. So, the $20 million that you've seen in 2018, we've incurred that all our own. We've not passed anything through. Discussions take time and are happening. So, when tariff increases or when we see a bigger impact of what's already enacted, we also think that we can be successful in closing some negotiation with our customers.
Frédéric Lissalde - BorgWarner, Inc.: So, as I mentioned before, we have a wide range of guide. We've protected for some downturn. I suggest Pat can follow-up with you on that particular question, if you like.
Frédéric Lissalde - BorgWarner, Inc.: No. It's absolutely right. It's consistent with the fact that regularly we overgrow or outgrow the market by 500 basis points to 600 basis points. So, in Q3, it was closer to 600 basis points and a little bit more. But this outgrowing the market is where we want to be, and you see that in Q3 and also you see that in our longer-term guide.
Frédéric Lissalde - BorgWarner, Inc.: It's tough for us to have that detail. We don't see a lot of impact – or differences between the Engine side of the business and the Drivetrain side of the business regarding call offs. We also think that progress are being made by the carmakers on getting this done and – yeah, for sure, it's going to impact Q4, but having a longer term view is a little bit difficult for us. But to your questions, we don't see any impact between Engine and Drivetrain.
Frédéric Lissalde - BorgWarner, Inc.: The focus on free cash flow and working capital and CapEx is very central, and we're certainly marching towards our $1 billion free cash flow in 2023.
Frédéric Lissalde - BorgWarner, Inc.: No. I don't see any changes. Hybrid is, for sure, a great product for us. It adds content. We have two times more content on the hybrid than on the combustion propulsion architecture, so – and we don't see any slowdown in any parts of the world in going towards hybrids. P2, for sure, but also other technologies that we can support, so it's still a great story for us, we're booking hybrids to plan, and the overweight strategy on hybrids and electric is taking shape.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Yeah. There's a couple of ways to look at this. First of all, John, you've been around for a long time and it was communicated that you needed about 8%, 9% growth to get margin expansion. I think we've proved as a company, we've lowered that point to probably, say, 4%, 5% growth. And actually, if you had taken a look at this quarter and some of those headwinds weren't there, we probably would have expanded margins as well at the 3% to 4% growth. I would say this, though: that mid-teens is more over a range of time as well. So, when you look at changes in volume in short order, it's a little bit harder to adjust your cost structure to get margin expansion, which happened to us in the third quarter. But I would say that this company right here is operating in a range where we can get margin expansion at the lower end, say, to this 3%, 4%, 4.5% growth. That's where we're operating right now. But you can't have rapid declines in volume like we saw in Q3. So, we've lowered that bar from like back in the days to be 8% to 9% to more about 3% to 4%. We can still expand margins.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Europe. I'm sorry, (38:48). So, the rapid decline in the volumes, we didn't take any cost out, because we saw them as temporary in Europe. So, we didn't respond and take cost out. And as we saw it, the term we use in accounting is lack of absorption basically in our plants. And as Fréd was saying earlier, we see that as a temporary thing in Europe. So, we do fully expect that our fourth quarter incremental margin to come back to a more reasonable level.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Engine, we get a tailwind little bit from the noncore emissions business as well. Remember, last year, there was a tremendous headwind on the Engine side, and this year, we're seeing a little bit more tailwind. And R&D spending was more heavily rated to the Drivetrain as well. So, Engine had a good incremental margin primarily because of the tailwinds of the emissions business or the thermostat business we're trying to sell.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: I'm not going to quantify the headwinds. All we're going to say is that given some customer responses we saw at the end of Q3, we're anticipating some of our customers may short pay us a little bit in the fourth quarter. And we're going to make sure that we do everything, given them phone calls to make sure they don't do that. We just want to make everybody know that there are some challenges in hitting the free cash flow target at this point. 2019 is too early right now, Stephen, to say anything. They'll have to come out in the first quarter when we provide guidance. But it is kind of on a temporary basis I would say. Our working capital is temporary.
