Ronald T. Hundzinski: Sure, Rod. This is Ron. What I would tell you is that we incurred a year-over-year headwind of about $10 million in the quarter. If you do the math a little bit, I think our margins would have been probably comparable to the prior year. So we saw significant headwinds and they actually deteriorated throughout the year. If you remember, we were seeing $5 million, $5 million, I think, $10 million, $10 million as we went throughout the year by the quarters. So it was a significant headwind for us in the quarter.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Hey, Rod, it's Ron. One more thing back on emissions. This is a higher level. So that's about a $200 million business product line for us that's incurring about a negative 10% margin. So you can do the math on that. So it's significant headwind for us throughout the year.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: But take a look at last year's margins. We blew out the year in 2016, to say it politely, margins. And I remember in my script last year, I says don't model that going forward.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: That's correct, Joe, on the math. I would say that the first quarter is some transitional costs probably again that we're seeing operationally probably in the emissions business as well. We got to get that business right-sized. And we're a bit cautious about what that transition is going to cost us. The second item is that North America changeover of one of our major launches is going to impact us as well. It's a profitable product line for us. And that launch, as it starts to gear up in the second and third quarter, will give us some momentum. So it's two items. I'd say it's emissions headwind a little bit as well as this launch in North America.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Joe, that's a good question. I can tell you right now that in the M&A discussions that we're having that language hasn't come up about it being more favorable to release those assets and not have as much of a tax headwind. But I think that's going to play out over time. I'd have to think about that. But I have not had that discussion with our investment bankers that certain individuals would be looking to divest their assets now because it's more in a tax advantage position for them. But it's an interesting concept. I'd have to think about it longer, Joe.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: There's two main areas that we're looking at. One of them is when we bring cash back through different legal entities, if we can restructure those legal entities to lower that tax rate. I won't go into greater details, but that's one area. I'll just mention it's kind of out of Asia as we bring cash back and that will be significant to us. The other area is the way that intellectual property reimbursements go across borders right now. And we can change our strategy of where intellectual property is. Those two items would probably take over the course of one to two years to implement now. So that's the timing. As far as the rate, I hate to give you a number. But you can probably go down to the mid 20s fairly quickly in that number, 23%, 24% probably is a good number. But don't hold me to that number because this is a lot of work that we have to do to go through it. But the best part of all this I just mentioned is there is a pathway to lower that rate. So we're real confident we'll get there. We just got to have our tax folks do the work.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: The first question you had there. No, it has nothing to do with the impact of losing any kind of credits through legal entities. We fully utilize all of our foreign tax credits in the process. So, no, that doesn't apply. And the second is our long-term plan is always to have our cash tax lower than our GAAP tax rate. The only time you have differences is, quite frankly, Brian, is when you have settlements with the closing of tax audits. Those are typically when you see unusual items on a cash basis and those are just one-offs. But normally on a run rate basis, you'll expect it to be lower. And the only difference is our tax settlements with tax years.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Yes. So the 2018 guidance includes the operating performance of the pipe and thermostat business. And what I was trying to allude to was that in the quarter one, we just have to execute basically what's in our plan at this point. So our puts and takes could be we could execute better, we could execute worse than what's in the plan. The restructuring costs will be all called out, okay. It won't be in the run rate in the margins.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: No, I don't think there's anything noteworthy on that right now. It would be working capital. A couple of things you have to note is we have to build banks in the emissions business to move the products back into other plants that we want to move. So that's one issue is the bank builds throughout 2018. But the other side, the more positive side is there are some opportunities to improve it that we're working on. So that's where we're at right now. We're working on some opportunities, but we do see some headwinds of bank builds.
James R. Verrier: Yeah, sure. So, Chris, this is James. So the first thing, just to be clear on. So our assumption on the diesel-gas mix is the same as what it was when we gave our update in Detroit. So we're projecting a 300 to 400 basis point shift through this year. Potentially, it could be worse than that. We just don't know. We had to put a line in the sand. For every 100 basis points it moves, think of it as that's about a $20 million net revenue impact negative to the company. So it's not that huge, frankly speaking, in a meaningful way. What we're really seeing though is the majority of – the reason it's fairly small is a lot of these diesel vehicles that are not being sold and are being replaced with a gasoline vehicle, a lot of that has similar content for BorgWarner. So a turbocharged diesel vehicle in Germany or the UK, to use your example, would quickly be replaced with a petrol or gasoline turbocharged vehicle. So when you do all the math and net it out; for every 100 basis point move, it's about a $20 million impact for the company. So it's not that meaningful. I would also say, Chris, just as an anecdote if you look at last year, last year we saw a similar level of decline. And yet we still, as Ron said, delivered a 10% organic growth. It's because we found offsets in other parts of the business and we were still growing in Europe. So we're not dismissing it because it is there. But as you see, I think our ability to manage through those – that transition, we're very comfortable with that.
James R. Verrier: Yeah. Well, you gave a great summary, Chris, actually. That was a really terrific summary of exactly the challenges the OEMs are facing. In the short run, the strategy really is shift from diesel to gas and optimize gasoline technology. So think advanced turbos, advanced variable cam timing. What it's doing more strategically and over the mid-term horizon is it's causing an acceleration of adoption of hybrid technology. That's the real push. So that momentum towards 48-volt mild hybrids, which I talked about in my commentary, is fast accelerating. I would say the other thing that's happening in parallel is they're looking to get the most advanced gasoline technology that they can because there's still optimization you can do on the gasoline engine to get it more diesel-like type performance. So you're right. We're right in the middle of those conversations. And frankly speaking, it's utilizing a lot of our technology. But the pragmatic thing is it's an acceleration of hybrid and electric technology and rapidly cranking up the efficiencies on the gasoline engine. So more advanced turbos, more advanced variable cam timing and hybrid technology to go with that. So that's really what we're seeing, Chris.
James R. Verrier: Yeah. Now what I would say as you look at the – at least through the three-year window with the backlog, the initial piece of the backlog is a little China-weighted. And that's predominantly because of a lot of the eGearDrive technology that we'd been launching in China. But as the backlog rolls out and flows out, you're seeing that regional balance become more balanced, frankly, as we launch hybrid technologies globally but heavily in Europe. And then as you kick on beyond the backlog, then it becomes even more geographically balanced. So I think you're right. In the short run, in the next year or so; it's a little China-oriented. And then that balance becomes much more balanced, frankly, as you go forward over the next two or three years.
James R. Verrier: Yeah, no. Ron gave a good summary. The only thing that I would just say to you from my perspective – we do remain – continue to monitor M&A opportunity and particularly in the electronics, power electronics type space. We're very happy with Sevcon so far. That's going really well. But I think it's fair to say we would want to be on some level of M&A activity over the next couple of years to utilize that cash, particularly complementary deals such as Sevcon. It's the way to think of it.
James R. Verrier: Yeah. No, it's a good question, David. So the way I would think about is what we have today with the acquisition of Sevcon, we're in a really good spot. And the reason for that is we've been investing pretty significantly over the last two or three years to build our organic internal electronics capability and knowhow. And we've done a nice job there. And then Sevcon added scale and obviously some actual products also. The key thing to think up for us as our power electronics strategy and the way to think of it is that we're not necessarily looking to be, quote, a big power electronics supplier of standalone power electronics, widgets or componentry. What we're all about is complementary power electronics knowhow and products to work in conjunction with our products. That's the real strategy that we're pursuing. So we're not looking to add big scale and capacity just to go compete as a standalone power electronics guy. What we're looking is to add discrete technology that's complementary to our product offering. And the reason for that, David, simply put, is we're a propulsion system player. And in order to do that, you need obviously engine technology, you need drivetrain technology and you need power electronics knowhow and hardware that you can integrate and offer the OEM a complete solution. So all of that said, the way to think of it is if we can add another Sevcon or another couple of Sevcons over the next couple of years, that would be really good because it would just build more scale, more capability, more engineering, horsepower, frankly. That's really the strategy, if that helps you.
James R. Verrier: Yeah, the way to think of it, David, there are quite a few companies out there that do that. The interesting thing is it's very rare you find a pure play. What I mean by that is you'll often have companies that have power electronics capability, but they're involved in multiple end markets. Now, they may be into industrials and other spaces. So what it's about is finding one that either has good automotive technology or the ability, such as Sevcon, that does have some automotive technology. But their industrial and commercial vehicle technology is very readily applicable to light vehicle technology. So not a lot of pure plays out there, David, but certainly players out there that could add capability and scale for us that we're continuing to monitor.
James R. Verrier: Yeah. Let me see if I can help you, Brian. So the way to think of it is, I would characterize it that the, let's say the methodology shift, if you wish, that we made a year or two ago where we applied a little bit more of a rigid macro potential downside and launch cadence. It's the same methodology we're using for this backlog, if that helps you. So it's continuing on what we've done for the last couple of years. And the reason I say that is we've executed well over the last couple of years as you know. And so I feel it's well-apportioned with the backlog that we've got out now. It's not something that we've just really taken dramatic haircuts. It's not. I think it's set very appropriately is my view. I think the one dynamic that's a little different about our backlog than some prior year backlogs that you may find interesting is our product breadth and product portfolio is much broader than it was historically and regionally balanced. We're better regional balance than we were historically where we're a little less dependent on Europe. And I think that helps us actually. I think that helps us have even more confidence in the ability to deliver the backlog. So that's how I would characterize it, Brian. I think if you look at it by products, you still have a good portion of turbo growth in there. We do see strong DCT growth in there. So all in all, we feel really good about this. And we're confident we're going to execute it frankly.
James R. Verrier: Yeah. We still expect good outperformance in 2018 versus the market. I don't have a specific number in my mind actually, Rich, but we can get you that. But we do see good. I think the one thing what we do see is in the quarter, we have the changeover program that we're dealing with on the truck side that Ron alluded to earlier. So Q1, it'll be distorted a little bit by that truck changeover. But I think we'll have good outperformance. It probably won't be quite as high as we did last year, but it's still pretty good. But I'll have Pat and Ron try and get you a bit more specificity, Rich, so we can get a number to you. But think of it as good outgrowth in North America but probably not quite at the high level of last year.
