Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I think you have the numbers right there, Colin. It's 9.6% in the first half and the midpoint of the guide is about 9.2% in the second half of the year. The biggest things that are happening, if you're really looking sequentially, like on a first half to second half basis, one is you have to look at the mix of our revenue as we go to this half of the year. Our eProducts revenue is ramping up in our guide about $450 million to $550 million first half to second half. And so we're converting on that nicely, about 15% on an all-in basis, which is good for a business that's really ramping up and incurring the costs that you normally expect for a start-up of production.  At the same time, when you look at our revenue, keep in mind, our sequential outlook is that markets are effectively down first half to second half, about 6% and that's not unusual. It's just the way that our market assumptions work, which means that underlying that, the rest of our revenue, our foundational revenue is seeing a decline first half to second half, and that tends to come with higher decrementals. So when you look at that revenue mix going first half to second half, that's a bit of a drag on the margin that takes it down a bit. There's also a little bit of incremental inflation first half to second half, a little bit of incremental R&D, but that's really the overall picture. The bottom line from our perspective, we're pretty pleased with the fact that we're driving 13% to 16% full year organic growth year-over-year and sustaining that 9.2% to 9.6% margin outlook. 
Kevin Nowlan: We haven't put anything in the guidance. I mean it's hard for us to sit here and guess with a crystal ball what that might look like, what I can tell you is just so you can dimension maybe your assessment of the exposure that we have. If we look at our North American exposure to Ford, Stellantis, and GM, across Mexico and U.S. as we supply them. Our production runs about a little less than $250 million a month. So you can look at that, however you want in terms of assessing what you think some scenarios might be, but we haven't embedded anything in our guidance as it relates to potential strikes. 
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I mean what I'd say is you can see some of the metrics we have as of quarter end. But the one thing that doesn't get reflected in the quarter end numbers is that when we executed the spin-off there was an inflow of cash to BorgWarner, so effectively on July 3 of about $450 million. And that was because PHINIA issued $800 million of debt and then retained about $350 million for its cash balances and remitted to the rest back to BorgWarner.  So when you look at our balance sheet, you can see what the balance sheet looks like, and you have to think there's another $450 million out there. From our perspective, the way we think about our leverage profile is we'll continue to manage that in a way that we drive toward keeping below 2x on a gross debt-to-EBITDA basis. And we'll look at whatever actions we might need to take over the coming quarters to get there. But I think overall, what it means is it doesn't slow down our ability to execute from an M&A perspective opportunistically as we think see the opportunities that might be able to help strengthen our product leadership position in electrification. 
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I mean the way we're looking at it is achieving that breakeven actually positive margin at the end of the fourth quarter is a solid jump off into 2024. I mean you might remember, we talked about it before. If you look at our quarter end Q4 2022, ePropulsion was actually slightly positive. But we know it was on the back largely of increased recoveries from an R&D perspective. And so at that moment, it wasn't really a sustained positive margin profile. As we get to the end of this year, and achieve that positive margin profile, it's more because of the scale that we're generating in the business and the conversion on that incremental revenue. So I think it positions us to have a 2024 that's also positive and growing from there. 
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I mean we didn't move the upper end of the range. Obviously, we kept the $14.6 billion of revenue. So we didn't really move much there. We do have a little bit of incremental conversion coming on the increase at the bottom end of the range. But there's not a significant amount of movement to really comment on. So our 9.2% margin at the bottom end of the range held. I mean if you're looking at it from a pure operating income perspective, you got a little bit of incremental conversion and then you have a little bit of FX headwind that's impacting us as well. 
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I would say what we're really seeing is, particularly as you look at that $450 million to $550 million of ramp-up going first half to second half in eProducts, an important piece of that ramp-up is really coming in the ePropulsion segment, which is really being driven by product launches and ramp up in China. So we have a healthy mix of product revenue across the globe. But as we ramp up here in the back half of 2023, China is a big piece of that ramp-up. 
Kevin Nowlan: I mean the foundational business is continuing to outperform overall as well. But the biggest driver of why the second half is so much stronger than the first half, if you do the math of what's underlying outgrowth, it's that $450 million to $550 million increase sequentially first half to second half and eProducts revenue. I mean keep in mind, we're making that -- that's what we're expecting when sequentially, if you're looking at it that way, markets are actually down globally during that period, but revenue in eProducts is up $450 million to $550 million. So it's a big driver of outgrowth. 
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. With respect to the commodities impact in Q2, net when you take pricing, minus the net material inflation costs coming from the suppliers, it was a net positive of about $11 million in the quarter. And remember, that's because in Q2, we were recovering for Q1 as well because we had very little in the way of recoveries in Q1. So that's why it was a net positive number in Q2. And overall, the pricing element of that in Q2 was a little bit north of 2.5% of our revenues. So obviously had a meaningful impact on the quarter and contributed about 10 basis points to margin when you cut through that math. When you look on a full year basis, we expect pricing -- the pricing side of the equation to be somewhere between 1.5 points to 2 points of pricing all in year-over-year. And we expect the net impact on our P&L to be a 10 basis point to 20 basis point headwind in all in year-over-year.  So that's the way to think about net material inflation cost impacts for us. In terms of the restructuring, there's nothing unusual as you look in the back half of the year. We're progressing along the trajectory of what we laid out in the June Investor Day and generating some of the savings each quarter this year associated with what we laid out on that slide 
Kevin Nowlan: And maybe the last thing I would add to that, James, it's why we laid out the scenarios at Investor Day like we did is because while we have our expectations on how the market is going to evolve over the coming years and we're marching toward that, we recognize that there could be some additional upside to the e-markets growing and additional downside to that. And that's why as you look at the portfolio and the way we've constructed it, it's resilience on any of these scenarios and drives operating income performance that we think is relatively comparable under lots of different outcomes like that. So that's why the portfolio is constructed the way it is. 
Frédéric Lissalde: Hey, Colin. So we've adjusted the topline. Two main reasons. First is we have issues keeping up with the demand on battery pack and despite a 350% year-over-year increase on our Gen 3 pack, we need more output. So we have all hands on deck, especially from a manufacturing engineering perspective. And remember, 1,000 buses or trucks is a $100 million revenue for BorgWarner. Also, we see the production of the current North American EV output, not as high as expected. Those are the two main factors. If your question is around the change our long-term outlook are clear answers, absolutely not. It's not going to be a steady up line, right? It is going to be with years or quarters going higher, some going not as high and still good growth, but don't expect a straight line from a or high-voltage plug-in a bit growth. 
Frédéric Lissalde: What -- John, what I can tell you is that we see strong customer pool. We see a very steady drumbeat on product wins globally. And remember we both are on there and on hybrids and especially high-voltage plug-in hybrids, but I would agree with you. This emphases the importance of maintaining strong margin on our foundational business and that's the third pillar of Charging Forward 2027. So that's what I would tell you. 
Frédéric Lissalde: It's all about supply chain resiliency. We're happy with the Wolfspeed capacity corridor. Wolfspeed is our largest silicon carbide supplier and we are putting in place additional agreements. It's all about security and supply chain resiliency. 
Frédéric Lissalde: No. We continue to look at opportunities in a very disciplined way as we've done in the past. We're happy with the portfolio that we have. If those opportunities can strengthen our electrification capabilities and accelerate the EV transition we look at them again in a very disciplined way. 
Frédéric Lissalde: It is equipment that is related to manufacturing equipment. It's going to take us about 18 to 24 months to get to the 2027 capacity that is required. We've announced about $1.3 billion of revenue in battery packs in 2027. And we're working on ramping that up as fast as we can for all our customers, especially in the Western world. 
Frédéric Lissalde: Look, we're all -- what we're doing with inverters, with onboard chargers with DC convert, DC/DC converters and also from a charging perspective is power conversion. You can convert DC to AC, AC to DC, DC to DC, but at the end of the day, the core is power conversion. So the synergies from an engineering perspective, a purchasing perspective and a product similarity perspective is fairly high. 
Frédéric Lissalde: Dan, you're right. At the midpoint, outgrowth is 1,000 basis points or 1,050 basis points. It's driven by eProduct, it's a significant driver for this outgrowth and actually, second half is even higher than the first half. 2021 was also above 1,000 basis points outgrowth and it's difficult to time it. Customer pricing plays also overall on a full year basis with 170 basis points. So this is what I would tell you, and eProducts plays a significant role in this, and you see that also first half to second half. 
Frédéric Lissalde: I don't think we've disclosed that. But what we've disclosed is $1.3 billion of hybrid in 2025 on the e-side. And on the foundational side that would come on top. Most of the next-generation or current generation high-voltage plug-in hybrids that make a difference from meeting the regulatory environment especially in Europe and in China do carry turbos, do carry EGR and other products that we're making. So it is an important part, and we've always told you that the products that we retain play a key role into the growth of hybrids, especially high-voltage plug-in hybrids, which are part of the NEV environment in China also. 
Frédéric Lissalde: We play in all kinds of hybrids. We play more in high-voltage plug-in hybrids, which are making a bigger difference from should efficiency over a fuel efficiency standpoint. But we do play into what we can call range extenders, whatever you call those types of powertrain. 
Frédéric Lissalde: Rod, one of the key element of the strategy was to scale it fast. And I think we've done a pretty good job there. And we've done a pretty good job in China. You see we're producing eProducts for the BYD, Changan, Chery, XPENG, the Li Auto, the Great Wall, et cetera, in this world. And this -- we're also big in North America and Europe, and I'm not going to comment more. But this thing is going to be, I think, beneficial for suppliers that have technology and scale, which I believe we are part of. 
Frédéric Lissalde: I think is in the detail on your question, Rod, it depends on the platform and I don't think we have the granularity of what will happen across those different OEMs from the platform sharing standpoint. And we'll let you know if we can and when we can. 
Frédéric Lissalde: James. The first thing I would tell you is that we play as a global player. You've seen the impact that we have in China, in Europe, in North America. So we looked at the acceleration of EV and electrification overall on the global scale and on a global scale, we see momentum. Again, if you think this is going to be a straight line, I think it's a wrong assumption. And we're ready to flex. We are also ready to maintain strong margin on our foundational business, which is absolutely part of one of the 3 simple pillars of Charging Forward, and this is going to be important no matter what. 
