James Verrier: Yes, good morning, Colin. Yes this is James. So let me start on the Turbo one first if that's okay, we had seen increased adoption rates with the Japanese OEMs on Turbo, that's probably evolved over the last I would say five years, four or five years and we see that trend continuing and we see that trend continuing on both combustion powered vehicles and also on hybrid vehicles where they're utilizing turbo in both of those configurations. So we have seen that, we've been particularly pleased with win with Honda, we've developed a really strong partnership there and launching some of our latest two stage technology on that one liter engine on the gas engine has been that's been a big success for us. So yes we're seeing more and more usage of Turbo with the Japanese OEMs. The cabin heating opportunity we're really pleased about that, that that was the technology that came to us through the BERU acquisition a few years ago and this is our first significant win with the U.S. And if you think of competitors in that space I would say [indiscernible] is probably the most well-known that you would probably know in the cabin heating space, we also see what Astro played in that space as well, so those are two of the most well known ones that I would point to Colin but we're pleased with how that's progressing for us, we would like the technology and as we've alluded to it's a good growth platform for us on peer EVs.
James Verrier: Yes Colin, let me kind of give a little bit of a high level answer to that and then Ron could supplement it with any any specific details. Again I think this again there is two dimensions so to speak to what we're doing here, the one is we have identified a couple of non-core product lines and we're evaluating all of the strategic options associated with those. So that's the one aspect and then the other aspect is a more generic footprint optimization as well, we're still in the process of working through those details Colin as Ron had said to you. It could one option could be divestiture, one option could be restructure the sort of different options here and as Ron and I thought about this until we got a little bit more clarity around that we need a little more time to be candid, but it does include all options are on the table frankly. And we're going to work our way through that through the fourth quarter and I think we will have more color for you when we come back on to the earnings call in February of next year.
James Verrier: Hi Rod, this is James. So couple of thoughts from my end at least you're right, we've been tracking ahead of what we've come into the year expected and that's a good feeling obviously and that's that is predominantly backlog related. To your point about next year, I would reiterate my comfort and confidence in the 7% CAGR number that we put out there but obviously over the next few weeks, we're going to -- we're going to take a good look at that and then as we come into January into Detroit we would obviously give you more specificity around 2018 backlog and obviously the three year period as well. But I would think of it this way rather the way this year's transition for us just gives me at least builds a lot more confidence and comfort of the numbers as we go into next year.
James Verrier: Yes I would say from my point Rod that Honeywell has always been an excellent competitor, very strong, strong player and I don't see that really necessarily changing, we will see how it plays out, the most important part for me though that I would want to reiterate is we just continue to see two things strong penetration growth at turbos internal so we still see the turbo business as a strong growth engine for BorgWarner and we still see our one-third market share position that we have very solid, very solid as we look this year and we look at a three year and a five year view. So, for us, it's kind of no change is the way I look at it right we feel great about the turbo business. We love the growth and we love our strong competitive position and I think he will do what they need to do.
James Verrier: Hey, John, by the way, Ron really took that as a big compliment. He loves that comment. So, I think it's a little bit of all frankly I think we've got some of the launches this year a come on maybe are faster ramp some of the volumes have been a little stronger. So it's now one thing John it's been a combination. I would say the biggest link though between for me between backlog strength on the Drivetrain side. Is the seat a China that's the biggest kind of mover if I can say that way John and that's a function of a real good BCC adoption and success for us in China both with the Chinese domestics and the global guys and that's just pulling forward a little bit as the capital in life for us. And I would say that's probably the biggest piece but generally from the backlog it's been, its strong both cadence and absolute volume.
James Verrier: Yes, we then obviously I'm a little biased John right but I think we have an incredible advantage. I really do because we're the -- I don't want say the only one but we one of the very few that can go in and discuss with the OEMS. One of the tradeoffs between you knows combustion hybrid and electric architectures and we do it we have those dialogues because we can help them understand. If you put this type to hybrid application into this set of vehicles and you can go electric on this. We are engaged in those conversations because we play across this space and then the other part of the differentiation for us is we then bring the technology that helps them get there. And what they see in a BorgWarner John which I think is really interesting is they know we're not in a lobby and into for in our overly influence them on a pure evil platform or 48 hybrid platform because we play on both so they view us as a neutral partner in that respect but we then follow it up with the content because we have electric motors we have successfully transmissions. We have cabinet and we have all the suite of combustion products and hybrid products so I think and again I'm biased we have a big vantage.
James Verrier: This is a long discussion Joe but typically it follows up on it and how far off with you I get some ratios that would take this offline it's a long discussion, right, Joe.
James Verrier: I mean I would say, Rich, you know, we are -- obviously first of all, we are -- obviously -- yes we are ahead its coming stronger, it's coming stronger. But what I would also say Rich is, you know, you remember the history here and how we got to the methodology around the development of backlog. And I don't want to go back all the time and in history, but, you know, we took an approach where the roll up for the data was the same, but we were maybe a little more prudent around the cadence and volumes over the launches and we also, you know, built in some, you know, macro stuff, so I think we took that approach and I think that has helped us. But, I think even with that said, from an internal perspective, you know, we are definitely running a little better ahead them what we had anticipated and I think its really what Ron said, it's a combination of, you know, across all of our products and across all of our regions we have just add, you know, the ramps either been little bit quicker or the volumes have been a little stronger and when you add all that up around the world and across the products you get to the kind of results that we are at. So, yes, it's pleasing.
James Verrier: I think that's a good, that's a good perspective, which, you know, we have seen, you know, the ramp has been little better and stronger. And I think, you know, so your point about history probably couldn't blame as for been, you know, it had conservative in that space based on, you know, the ramp has taken a few years to get where it maybe -- but that's a fewer assessment is a good one right.
James Verrier: At this point, I think that's probably a good assumption Rich, we are going to find soon there are updated. We do think that you moderate a little bit going forward, but I think it -- you are going to have give me clarity probably in January.
James Verrier: Yes, no, it's good, Brian. I am going to try and give you the best answer I can. But, I am going to stop with something that I think I said in the last -- and that is I love our proportion business, I really do, I am very, very happy with where we have positioned ourselves and the product lines that we have got. I see there is a great future for the proportion guys like us and the reason for that is, our balance again across combustion hybrid and electric. We are agnostics to those shifts Brian if there is a quick fast acceleration of EB penetration that's fine we have great products there. If hybrids becomes a predominate architecture that's fine. So, we are beautifully positioned on whatever that evolution and shift is, you know, in terms of, you know, as our plays out in terms of consolation and who wants to keep what core that I don't know, what I know the one thing that I do know is we are proportion company we are very happy with that, we don't plan to do anything different than be a leading proportion company. I get to let the other guys do what they are going to do, but we are just going to crawl the heck out of our proportion business across all of the, all of the big [technical difficulty].
James Verrier: I am not so sure. I wouldn't want to speculate too much Brian, you know, the one thing I would also use when you get down to the real core technology in portion, you know, over abundance of players in the space. So, if you think of -- think about business and think how many guys are on the planet or how many turbo guys who are on the planet for DC module -- on the planet you know, there is so many right, when you get to other, you know, less differentiated products. So, I use that example of thermostat, that's a little bit of a different story. So, I think, you know, individual discrete product lines made lend itself that but I think when you look at the core of the propulsion, whether it's a electric hybrid or combustion. There is not an over abundance of course in my opinion, Brian.
James Verrier: Yes, I though as we get to think about 2018 heat is up, you know, I think you are going to see modest growth in large circulation production in China, you know 1% or 2% we are not certain exactly the number. Yes, the days of 6% to 8% percent I think are behind us. So, from a market perspective here in a 1% or 2% growth environment for China next year, but we are in excess of that, you know, we are going to be high single to low double-digit growth over and above that market. So, even if there was a little bit adjustment in China ran flat slightly down for a year or so, you know, we are still going to be delivering a very significant growth that driven by, you know, penetration story of about products. So, not a big deal frankly if China is off a couple of percent next year what we are focused on is launching flawlessly a products that are driving the high growth first in China.
James Verrier: Yes, it is, you know, specifically if you think about that we, you know, one of our big launches and the growth stories there in drivetrain is with Great Wall on a dual-clutch technology, and if you think about this really only been ramping in the third quarter and they will be ramping further in the fourth; next year that ramp is going to continue to decline, and then obviously we have been putting in capacity to support Volkswagen in China, and that's also in early ramp mode. So you are going to get that -- that's going to be a tailwind for us as we go forward. So, yes, still a lot of opportunity for growth for us in drivetrain in China.
James Verrier: Yes, Richard, let me shut that up for you. I think you know, first of all, your observations are right on. We do see globally in our shift to more SUVs and obviously here in the United States light truck or truck is strong. Directionally, it's helpful for BorgWarner, because it does offer the opportunity as you say for more all-wheel drive content and transportation specifically obviously for four-wheel drive applications. So, it does. I mean directionally it does help us with larger vehicles and SUVs on the drive trend side. But so yes, I think the quick answer is yes, Richard, we do see that as a slight tailwind. I would say it's best to think of we probably factored that into our -- of data we gave back in New York. So I'm not seeing that necessarily in the short run as necessarily upside-upside, I think that's already reflected in our projections that we gave in New York, which is that 7% CAGR you know, at the midpoint for us over the next three years, Richard.
James Verrier: Yes, so a couple of thoughts, Richard. One is the non-core product line I was referring to earlier was in our emissions business, which is thermostats and pipes. So, certainly nothing -- I'm not disclosing anything non-core at all on the Sevcon side. As you alluded to, the power electronics capabilities is particularly core to us, because that is where we are going to be able to integrate that power electronics into the products and systems and modules as we go forward, because that's critical to us. You know, the battery charging piece of the business is also very interesting for us. It's fair to say, I would describe it his way, that's the one we -- you know, we don't know so much about yet candidly. So we are going to get in and work with the Sevcon team and better understand what the opportunities are for that piece of the business. But overall, Sevcom is a wonderful acquisition for us, and it's really going to help accelerate our efforts in power electronics and system capabilities. So, positive on that.
James Verrier: With that, I would like to thank you all for your great questions today, and sharing it for the course of the call.
Ron Hundzinski: Yes I can add a little bit of clarity there Ron, so the two product lines that we were viewing as non-core tool from a BorgWarner perspective, think of thermostats and think of pipes, it has nothing at all to do with core EGR business, EGR bowls, EGR modules, EGR coolers, those are fantastic businesses that are doing really, really well for us. So it's in that the thermostats and pipes. When we look at the level of technology differentiation that BorgWarner excels in I don't think they bring that kind of technology differentiation, they don't bring the growth profile so much as a BorgWarner product line. So those are the two product lines that we're referring to.
Ron Hundzinski: Sure Ryan. This is Ron. I'll give you three of the high level, first of all is diesel mix in Europe like we mentioned on the call, we're not seeing the headwind that we anticipated in Q3, so that gets pushed into our Q4 where the sale starts to show through the production levels, we assume that could be as much as 300 basis point headwind for us in that fourth quarter, that's one item. Korea has been an issue for us as well, that can swing to a negative in Q4 again over last year and then if you remember last year, we had some really good launches in the fourth quarter, the Duramax for example and F250 and we're going to lap those, so we're going to see not have that as a tailwind as well going into the fourth quarter, so three of them at high level.
Ron Hundzinski: John had a couple things. James mentions in the call. This year we're seeing every one of our product lines are growing really well in the past you have a couple product lines that have really good launches and then maybe the other ones are in a cycle where there launches are not hitting this year's here is where every one of our businesses all the launches are hitting and they're hitting at that time that we would hope they would get which is good. And we're getting just tremendous growth across the whole of portfolio and then addition we don't have the headwinds of commercial vehicle to [indiscernible] so it just cost everything.
Ron Hundzinski: Yes, that was a good thought John I would say the Sevcon is an example is kind of combination so it brings a revenue stream right if it brings an order book. They bring real product that they have put in boxes and shipping sort us be so it's not just a pure engineers perspective but I would also say clearly they bring to us terrific people capability on the engineering side particularly they bring a lot of that so it's both. And I would say as we look forward John I'm thinking you know more of the same our acquisition focus would be around electronics, power economy capability and we look to obviously add people and talent but our preference also is where we can actually have physical product content where we can particularly around electronics and power electronics. So that's how we thinking about it obviously priority one right now John is to integrate Sevcon and get that up and running well which we're confident in but we're going to keep our eyes and ears open for additional opportunities as well.
Ron Hundzinski: Joe this is Ron. Remember that capital that goes in is a ramp cycle of what's happening right. So it's not a direct relationship with the sales increase so it's not fair to say that for a 10% increase in sales you need to 10 % of capital it doesn't work the way you're putting capital over several years. So, the capital tends on the rent side would tend to lag the sales increase because in that my comment as that they was primarily due to ramp increases right net new programs so that tends to lag the sales increase is that clear.
Ron Hundzinski: So commercial vehicle goes under the backlog in the mix the 268 on that slide okay, okay that market is typically more light vehicle; the market growth and pricing, okay. First question and the second one is where so many sort of fourth quarter is although it was a tailwind of a 200 basis points and we're going to go back more to what we saw prior in the year which is about 100 basis points improvement for the fourth quarter for commercial vehicle. Last guidance we had none, this guidance we are going to take a little bit of a tailwind for commercial vehicle but never had we seen in the third quarter.
Ron Hundzinski: That's a good question I tell you what we laid out at the Investor Day there in New York that 7% guide over the next three years obviously as this year's played out we've just got. We were very comfortable with that outlook. I'm not in a position at this point but I want to start changing next I don't think we need to. But I think that 7% the point CAGER for us is an organic is a good number. Then let's just keep executing at that at least in the short run. We are going to take a good look at it obviously as we go into January plus and we'll provide any update from there but I think at this point I think the 7% organic CAGER is a good number to think about for us.
Ron Hundzinski: So Brett this is Ron. We get this question quite often and we've been addressed in several ways and then again referencing the Investor Day that we had here in August. I had a slide in there if you go back to that presentation I think it is on the website where I gave returns on invested capital are very similar on hybridization in a pure electric products as they are in combustion. And that side was to present that and the reason why we're comfortable is because that slide represents products. That we have been awarded and are starting to ship as well and it's across customers and across regions so, the evidence that we're seeing right now of the programs that we're winning don't substantiate in deterioration in margins or returns.
Ron Hundzinski: I would say first of all David, yes that the third quarter strong and we've been running pretty strong through the year and you're right it's driven by a lot of that the technology that you could be referenced so, we ramping well with DCT but it's also on a combustion product line as well. So things good, fourth quarters are more challenge it will be a little bit more of a challenge income but will be over the market so, I would think about a high single to low double digit over the market if that makes sense to so that's how we're thinking and going into fourth quarter and I would think that's a pretty good proxy David for going into next year as well. Think of us high single to low double digit growth over the market in China.
Ron Hundzinski: Yes, now in the short run David it's clearly diesel out and gasoline in sort to speak. We've talked about this before net for Borg for every hundred bips of shift from diesel to gas. In the short run is had a $20 million, $25 million annual revenue, voice for us frankly which were obviously offsetting in other areas. As it transitions over the next two, three, four years it's a couple of things one it will be even more advanced gasoline engines to be somewhat comparable to diesel technology. There will be obviously increased hybrid in Europe, so we're going to see that and then longer term in the more four, or five, six, seven year outlook you will see more pure EVs coming into the space, all of that adds up as positive news for us David, so as we go forward we got great content on hybrids and obviously we're growing our electric business. So that's kind of an outlook of how we see it, little bit of short term noise but it's transition into more advanced gas and hybrids and electrics where we'll do fine.
Ron Hundzinski: We're seeing a lot of interest actually around electrification in the commercial vehicle space, we put in the deck actually the Scania win on our drivemotor there for that particular bus application, so we're seeing increased interest Joe across the space and we see obviously Urban Bus type environment is particularly attractive, U.S. we see small and mid sized truck applications again predominantly more CDR, so we're seeing that and if you think about it, a lot of technology that we have on the light vehicle side is leveragable over to the commercial vehicle space, drive motor is being a good example of that. So we're seeing it, I think we will probably have a better view Joe when we do a backlog showing in January because you know there we'll break it down by technology and we will break it down a little bit by and talk about it by end markets. So that will be a good point to kind of break it down a little more for you but directionally we're seeing a significant increase in electrification and in commercial vehicle and we're participating strongly in it.
Ron Hundzinski: Our capital deployment in general, I think with the organization going forward is going to have to do is we're going to have to take a look at our product lines and determine which product lines get more capital and which product lines started to not have as much capital as the portfolio starts the evolve and changes in different direction. But, as James mentioned, as we go through their process we will reallocate resources but we are not going to give up on the go of 15% after tax return that's not going to happen. We will redeploy our capital in the right resources in the growth to achieve the growth that we have in our portfolio. But, we are not going to give up on that return metric.
