Craig Aaron: Thanks, Colin, for the question. Nothing unique in the quarter. It was just a really strong operational performance for our business units. They did an exceptional job. As you think about our full year guide, it implies a 13% to 16% incremental conversion, 13% on the low end, 16% on the high end. We feel really good about our first quarter performance, sets us up quite well for the remainder of the year. We're just focused on executing towards the near term, and we're going to keep doing that as we into the second quarter. It's just a really good operational performance for -- the company. 
Craig Aaron: Yes. So I would say overall, the growth was both in China and in Europe. And that includes both the growth that you saw on the foundational side of the business as well as the eProduct side of the business. 
Craig Aaron: Yes. Thanks for the question, Noah. So I just want to take a step back. We repurchased $277 million of the company's shares over the last 2 quarters. So $177 million in the fourth quarter of last year. $100 million in the first quarter of this year. Obviously, pleased with our Board of Directors, we got that additional authorization, takes our total authorization up to -- a little over $760 million. We're going to continue to repurchase opportunistically, just like we did in Q4 and just like we did in Q1. I'd say as we think about capital allocation, we take a holistic approach to it. So we look at liquidity, we look at leverage, we look at is there any short-term funding for M&A that's needed. Obviously, as you mentioned, we have a dividend that's a fixed obligation. We don't want to turn that on and turn that off. And we look at stock buybacks as a lever as well. So I think as we move forward, continue to think about it, that we'll do it opportunistically. That's how should think about it. 
Craig Aaron: Yes. I think the way we're looking at it is we're focused on executing at the mid- to high teens on an all-in basis, wherever that growth may come from. So I think that's how you should think about it. We're really pleased with our 23% all in, in the first quarter. We think it sets us up quite well to execute for the full year. So that's how we're looking at it. We're really focused on incrementing on an all-in basis regardless of where the revenue growth comes from. 
Craig Aaron: Yes. I would say it was just overall good performance from a margin perspective. Again, 23% all-in, great performance by our business units. When you think about growth, it's really China and Europe both on the foundational side of the business and on the battery side of the business, particularly in that DBS segment. But we also had nice growth overall just in general, both in China and in Europe. But again, you can see most of it in the DBS segment. That's where I would point you to. 
Frederic Lissalde: Colin, that the PHEV is one architecture where we have our foundational products coming in and also most of our eProducts coming in. I don't think we have given the granularity of our per -- plug-in hybrid content. But on the hybrid overall, full hybrid, plug-in hybrid and range-extended EV, about 40% of our light vehicle eProduct, which is guided at the midpoint at $1.9 billion this year is going into those advanced hybrids. 
Frederic Lissalde: So globally, the interest of PHEV has always been there. In the U.S., I would say that it's a little bit early to see request for quotes from some of the American OEMs. But outside of the U.S., plug-in hybrids and advanced hybrids are an important part of new energy vehicles and we have our fair share of those. 
Frederic Lissalde: Yes. In China and in Europe, we see upticks in hybrids. Actually, if you look at the share of growth of new energy vehicle in China, actually, hybrids are growing faster than BEV over the past few months. So -- and we're part of those. So the answer to your question is, on a global basis, yes. And in North America, it's too early to say. 
Frederic Lissalde: Yes. We are managing our costs holistically in line with the current sales outlook. As Craig and I mentioned in our prepared remarks, we are setting up the company to convert mid- to high teens, no matter where the incremental revenue comes from. What I would say is try not to box BorgWarner into BorgWarner is a BEV player or a hybrid player or combustion player. We are focused on efficient powertrain. And we are now having scale in all those architectures in order to convert mid- to high teens no matter what. 
Frederic Lissalde: I think from a facility standpoint, we're flexible for some of the products that I alluded to in the prepared remarks. We have the same engineering, the same -- sometimes the same production equipment, sometimes actually the same product. Let me give you an example. We've talked about the past few years of dual inverters for hybrids. And we've talked about inverters for BEVs. All those are the same animals. They might not look exactly the same from a space and form perspective, but all the inside of the guts of those things are similar. So it's difficult to answer without a specific program. But overall, we're quite flexible across all different elements that both go in BEVs and hybrids. 
Frederic Lissalde: I would say that we are balancing all those costs in order to get to the mid- to high teens. And we're taking that business holistically and taking cost actions so that all product lines are being able over time to deliver those incrementals. 
Frederic Lissalde: Yes. Noah, so in Q1, our eProducts revenue went up 25%, and this is in line with our full year outlook of 25% to 40% for the year. And you're right, in the next quarter, in our ePropulsion segment, we're launching numerous programs with VW Group, with Daimler, HMC, BYD and others. We're ramping up our battery pack capacity in Seneca and later in the year in Europe, we're launching in other areas of eProducts. So you're right, it's going to increase over the next quarters. 
Frederic Lissalde: Okay. Yes, because in the rest of the world, as I alluded to before, it's happening, right? I think we have all the building blocks to support our customers here in North America as they also want to have those advanced hybrids. I feel that it's still a little bit early to get into the specific cities or which products they need from BorgWarner. We are in the early phases of discussions about architecture. So I think it's going to take a little bit more time. 
Frederic Lissalde: Joe, you may have seen that our ePropulsion segment is running at about 30% incremental a year, and we're not satisfied with that. So we'll take some steps to improve the margin performance. And again, we have a strategy to adjust costs to wherever the market is going. And we are doing that wherever it is necessary, and this is what we're looking at right now. 
Frederic Lissalde: So on eProducts for 2024, about 45% of the $1.9 billion in light vehicle is for China. Within that, 95% is for the Chinese OEMs. 
Frederic Lissalde: I unfortunately can't disclose some of those names, and I can't disclose which product we have with those names in particular. So not that I would love to do it, but I just can't. 
Frederic Lissalde: In China, under the umbrella of new energy vehicle, you will see that hybrids, essentially the advanced hybrids are having about 40% shares in China. And actually growing faster within that segment or growing the fastest within that segment. That is also our ratio of eProducts versus -- eProducts within hybrids and BEVs. For us, I wouldn't say that it doesn't matter, but it kind of doesn't matter. We have the right product portfolio to support customers around the globe. And we don't -- we're not attached to any regional specificities. We are resilient to any propulsion scenarios, fuel combustion, hybrids or BEVs. So I'm not -- I don't have a crystal ball. I won't -- I can't tell you if China is a good proxy for the rest of the world. But we believe that you will see a variety of electrified propulsion architecture, and we're ready to support those on a global basis at Borg. 
Frederic Lissalde: Yes. I don't have the granularity of what happened over the past 2 weeks, but overall for the full year, our view of the market is already below companies like IHS. So -- but we will adjust to whatever comes to us. 
Frederic Lissalde: So this year's guidance, $2.65 billion for eProducts at the midpoint, out of which $750 million are battery packs for commercial vehicle. So $1.9 billion is for light vehicle, 40% of which is for hybrids on a global basis. Regarding your first question on battery packs, there is nothing particular in Q1. The ramp up is to plan. And what we see in Seneca and the preparation of increasing capacity in Europe is also in line with our expectations. 
Frederic Lissalde: Yes. I mean we're looking at all this from an engineering recovery. We're also looking at adjusting costs, especially in those segments for which growth is not happening as fast as we thought in order to improve the margin performance. So in those eProducts segments, we fully expect this business to grow going forward. And with those upcoming cost actions to get to mid- to high-teens incremental when it ramps. 
Frederic Lissalde: You're absolutely right. Power electronics is a key strength of the company. Borg has always been focused on efficient systems and efficient mobility. And power electronics is the new frontier of efficiency in BEV and -- or hybrids, fighting against those switching losses and fighting against those mechanical losses, downstream the inverter. So the answer to your question is absolutely yes. We're focused on that and at the system level, at the electronics level, at the power module level. And that's our DNA. That's what we do best. 
Frederic Lissalde: So you're right. It will absolutely depend upon customer volume, and that will ultimately decide what 2025 will be. We are, as we mentioned, focused on what we can control, which is securing new businesses in eProducts for BEV and hybrids, focusing on strengthening our portfolio for it to remain in a great position and managing our costs in order to overall deliver mid- to high-teens incremental on an all-in basis. That's our focus, and we'll give you more color on '25 closer to '25. 
