Ken Lamb: Thank you, Melissa. Good morning and thank you all for joining us. We issued our earnings release this morning at around 8:00 a.m. Eastern, it's posted on our Web site, borgwarner.com, on our Investor Relations home page. A replay of today's conference call will be available through May 13. The dial-in number for that replay is 800-585-8367. You'll need the conference ID, which is 77109071 or you can listen to the replay on our Web site. With regard to our investor relations calendar, we will be attending the following conferences between now and our next earnings release. The Wells Fargo Industrial Conference in New York on May 10. The Barclays Americas Select Conference in London on May 18. The KeyBanc Automotive Industrial and Transportation conference in Boston on June 1st, Deutsche Bank Industrials Conference in Chicago on June 9th and the Citi Industrials Conference in Boston on June 14. Now, back to today's earnings release. Before we begin, I need to inform you that during this call, we may make forward-looking statements which involve risks and uncertainties as detailed in our 10-K. Our actual results may differ significantly from the matters discussed today. Now, moving on to our results, James Verrier, President and CEO, will comment on the industry and provide a high level overview of our results and expectations for the remainder of 2016. And then Ron Hundzinski, our CFO, who will discuss the details of our results and guidance. Please note that we have posted an earnings call presentation to the IR page of the Web site. You'll find the link at the events and presentation section beneath the notice for this conference call. We encourage you to follow along with these charts during the discussion our results. With that, I will turn it over to James.
Ken Lamb: Thanks Ron. We're now going to move to the Q&A portion of the call. Melissa, please remind everyone of the Q&A procedures.
Ken Lamb: I would like to thank you all again for joining us. We expect to file our 10-Q before the end of the year which will provide detail to results. Any follow-up questions about our earnings release, the matters discussed during this call or our 10-Q, please direct them to me. Melissa please close out the call.
James Verrier: Yes, it's a good way to think about it Rich. Yes that is the good way and that’s kind of the way I thought it would be useful to at least let you know what some of them could be, we're not necessarily saying that it will happen, but we just thought it was prudent and it does get back a little bit through to China, story a little you know that we've seeing some acceleration in the first half on these incentives that made way a little bit on the backend. Clearly, we have the Volkswagen business with China particularly and Europe for the market share risk point of view and just on that one Rich as an example we saw some of that way on us in the first quarter with China -- in Volkswagen in China. You can see the numbers. They were down in the production pretty significantly in the first quarter and still 20 plus percent of that business. So I mean the last Rich is we got some pretty big launches which we talked about on the prior calls with us penned to start with the super duty the Duramax and so. These are all -- I would say, these are kind of pretty small nuance and things, it's not big but when we add all of those up, we just see slightly skewed to the risk side than the opportunity side. We just think it’s prudent reflect that and then play it from there.
James Verrier: You're right Rich, that one we didn't reflect into our numbers in the back half of the year. We pretty much left that alone. I think what we're seeing is largely what you do, you know builds are -- you know the first quarter came in where it did. I think everybody's kind of looking at the second quarter as a kind of key one in terms of where we're stacking between production builds and inventory levels and that's going to give us a -- for me I think it's a pretty key quarter across all the OEMs. Generally, we're seeing build rates pretty good in general Rich, we're seeing not a whole lot of volatility, they're coming out pretty much as we'd anticipated. So we're not seeing I would just -- and that's why we didn't do anything with the back half guidance Rich. We left it alone. It's just an area like you and all of us were just paying attention and I think we'll get a little bit of a better readout to when we can look at the second quarter data and see what went on with the inventory and what went on with the production build. But we need the production builds to stay pretty strong and so far I would say they're holding pretty good and they hold like that we should be okay. Which is why we didn't adjust the back half.
James Verrier: That’s a great thought -- let me take a shot at it okay. So first thing I would say, we're in the first year of the net new business and that's where we're communicating. We're comfortable, confident and feeling pretty good about this year okay. So that's what we think. As we look out, I'm going to say a couple of things. Are we comfortable internally as a company with the projection we made? Yes. Do we like it? Not really. I'd rather be much higher than 4% to 6% and we're working like crazy to get higher than 4% to 6% and as we get through this year we'll have a better read on what that looks like, and obviously we need a little bit more time. So our focus right now is we're comfortable with what's out there. We're going to execute and perform against which I think we're starting to do, which is really good. And I would say incrementally as I look out we will go up from mid-single digit growth at some point if not yet. That's kind of the way to think of it Brett, we will. And I don't anticipate that. It's certainly not '16 and I don't yet think it would be '17 either. I want you to know BorgWarner is not happy being a mid-single digit growth company. We're going to go -- we're not, we're going to focus like crazy to go higher than that. But it's too early Brett, we got to deliver and we got to execute on the mid-single digit growth. I think the Investor Day will, that's later this year will help provide some clarity and color on why we believe there is opportunity to transition up. But it is too early at this point Brett, we need a little more time to execute, deliver and do our work.
James Verrier: I think, you're right Brett. Priority one really is flawless execution on the Remy deal which I'm pleased with how that's going. You know from a financial perspective you know we feel comfortable if another deal came along, we could do it and we would do it. So I don’t feel too inhibited from a smaller size bolt-on acquisition, I'm pretty comfortable there, and I think from a resource perspective we feel comfortable. So what I am saying to you is we're not slowing down our efforts to look at smaller bolt-on related deals whether it would be this year or next year, you always know that's kind of hard to predict the accurate timing, but I wouldn't wind you to think or anybody to think that we've done Remy, that’s all we’re doing and we've stopped kind of looking and working and talking about deals because that's not the case. We are, they would be clearly smaller than obviously the Remy transaction and they would be likely bolt-on complementary type technologies to what we have. So if that helps you Brett, that's where we're thinking.
James Verrier: Yes, sure, this is James again, Chris. As I mentioned earlier Chris, we've not really done anything relative from a guidance perspective to reflect any meaningful shift in North America. As I alluded to earlier, it is watch point for us more fundamentally inventory and production ratios as opposed to car-truck mix, if that helps you. I would say if let's say second half of the year, trucks stays a little bit stronger. It's probably a little bit favorable for BorgWarner, but it's not a big shift for us, we generally get a little better if its truck weighted versus car weighted. But it's not a big more for us, if that helps us.
James Verrier: I would articulate it this way, think of it in two way, the core ex-Remy business starters, alternators, et cetera, and we're engaged in those conversations with customers that as of today have not in the past years from a Remy product and those conversations are going on, we're only a few months in. But I would say the opportunity for us is good, I mean we've served a lot of customers that Remy didn't, it's a little early to know how that's going to translate into revenue, we need a little more time. But I would articulate the conversations have been open and productivity and good thus far. As I alluded and mentioned in my opening comment already, the energy intensity excitement around the combination of products and future technology packages combining former BorgWarner is as probably exceeded our expectation from when we did the deal. As we've already said that’s a longer term revenue play, those are 3 to 5 years offerings. But I would say to you those have been extremely positive.
James Verrier: I can comment on that for sure. I think I mentioned earlier that we're not seeing any slowdown in the dialogue and the discussion around the need for technology to drive better fuel economy emission and vehicle performance. I know there is a little bit of perception out there that that's going to slow down and so dollars can be shifted over to these other technologies. We have not seen that. Our activity is as good as it's ever been in terms of working with our OEMs and the business equation has not changed, it's purely a value equation of how can the OEM meet their feel economy and emissions standards at the minimal cost frankly. So that minimizes any impacts on the end consumers. So when I look across the suite of BorgWarner product to do that, we're in a very-very good position that's why we're delivering the strong mid-single digit growth we're. The adoption rates for our products remain very strong and they will do because there are very good cost effective solutions that get the automakers where they need to in a way that they can support their end consumer.
James Verrier: Now in commercial truck, Richard, is a key part of our business and clearly it's challenged right now in terms of the market conditions, you know we'd seen you know globally you know no real growth in that sector if you wish for a while, but we're in there. You know BorgWarner has continued to grow in that sector, obviously we grow at a much faster pace on the light vehicles side of the business. So now the commercial vehicle businesses still remain very core to us. We have a number of our products across the portfolio that play in commercial vehicle, clearly the Remy transaction we did has a strong presence in commercial vehicle and that was attractive to us. So we remain committed to commercial vehicle, I think what we'll always see is with 80 plus percent of our business pass car related and a lot of growth in pass car as an end market, you're going to see that that growth generally outweighs in light vehicles over commercial vehicle, but that doesn’t step us away from focusing commitment around commercial vehicle.
James Verrier: Yes, absolutely Richard, that's what we do today actually. You know if you think about you know the lot about what you could say commercial vehicle oriented turbo charger technology, we can and we do apply to the light vehicle side of the business and vice versa by the way. We run our turbo businesses as an example as a very integrated business that's very -- creates a lot of synergies from a technology perspective between the commercial vehicle and the light vehicle. Another great example is you know we apply that dual clutch transmission technology that emanated from light vehicle if you know with Volkswagen and you know we're applying that to the Eaton trucks, so that's another very good example. Our cooling thermal, cooling technology you know fans, fan drive, pump technology, cooling pumps, you know we apply those across both light and commercial vehicles. So it's definitely and if you think of the global situation Richard, where you know a lot of trucks commercial trucks that is, are getting smaller, think of life's little delivery van type technologies and you thinking some markets, you know light, so called light vehicles are getting bigger. You know large pickup truck type vehicles and SUVs, there is a blend of technologies that comes together that can offer competitive position, I think we do that actually very well.
James Verrier: John I'll take that. I'll say a couple of things, obviously we do see the EV market evolving. Our macro perspective is you know we generally pointed to you know a ’20-’25 timeline of about a couple of percent of the fleet the world fleet would be EVs. We've always said that could be a percent too high or a little low, but in that range 2% or 3%. We're not moving at this point away from that view John. I would say incrementally we see more energy enthusiasm intensity in China around electric vehicles. I would say the bigger message we’re trying to get across, John, is you know this overhang with EVs BorgWarner doesn’t have anything, is simply not true. And that's kind of what we're trying to articulate that we will serve that market. And this is a great example of hard parts and assets that are going into electric vehicles leveraging BorgWarner's technology and it’s in China and it's a reasonable volume, whether it’s 15,000 this year. So macro not really changed on EV John, 2%-3% likely in the future, China probably getting incremental a little more aggressive that way, but the key message is BorgWarner is going to be in that space and play.
James Verrier: I think as I mentioned earlier that we've done anything with our guidance to move away from any meaningful truck mix, truck-car mix in North America. And I said if we see a stronger second half where trucks a little better than what's expected today, I mean in general that helps us a little bit, we've been quite open that F150 is a very strongly contended vehicle for BorgWarner so that clearly helps and you have driven for us and I think you know this John, as that truck mix goes and they stop putting meaningful four-wheel drive or all-wheel drive transport capability and turbocharged engines. That starts to step up the content pretty meaningfully for BorgWarner. We have to watch and we do the GM truck share ratio because well our content is very strong on the Ford side, it’s much less so on the GM side, to be transplant with you.
James Verrier: If you recall and I am sure you do, when we did the acquisition we've talked about 2 to 3 year transition period to get double-digit margins and then as we went through last year and forward a little bit of change on the restructure. We kind of pushed that, and so it’s certainly going to be closer to three. I think two things, one I think will be challenges to get it done in three, but we will get there, now is that 3.5 is it 4, it 4.5. I would ask you give a little bit more time until we can through some of this heavy lifting on the restructuring that we’re right in the middle of, but structurally we'll get there, we'll get to the double digit margins. We don't do it in the 3 year period, but we're going to get there. And give us a little more time as to whether that’s a 6 months push out or 1 year push out, just because we’re going to get through some of the challenges that we're in right now. But we will get there, I am not worried about that.
James Verrier: What I would say Joe, is it's within the range and we're talking about 2-3 cents here, I don't think it's worth going through a lot of hoops basically for kind of immaterial at this point. You're right. The sales guidance was all driven by Remy, commercial vehicle. Now you get some moving parts on the EPS and I won't go in detail, but for example tax rate went up that was negative, right. Now we had some offset in the core business which was more positive, but then it was offset by some negatives in Wahler. So there is a little bit of walk, but at the end of the day we're in the same range.
James Verrier: Adam I would to but I would get in trouble. With my -- the customers and give us a little bit of time and we'll get out for you. I just really wanted to convey that we continue to get momentum on these electric vehicle programs. I know understandably you want to data, if you can just give a little bit of time we'll get the clarity once we get our customer aligned with us and get that out for you okay.
James Verrier: I think it's pretty linear actually pretty consistent Adam we're seeing that and quoting activity is strong across pretty much all of the business and our win rates are good and booking rates are good. I think incrementally the one I talked to a couple of time today is the electrified or electrification efforts, are incrementally a little higher and continued to go higher which is good news for us. But general it's strong, what I didn't want to convey, Adam was that all the causing activities higher strong on with electrified products and the core business is strong too.
