Fred Lissalde: Emanuel, let me start with the market. So we see the full year market down 2.5% to down 5%, which is a change from the down 2% to 5% that had back two quarters ago. Now, it's not the same minus 5%. China is down more and Europe we're a little bit more confident that the prior guide from a market perspective. So we want to share realistic outlook, especially in China and in Europe.  From a margin perspective, the first and foremost impact versus our prior guide is coming from our supply base. And Kevin will give you more detail I guess in future questions. But overall this is what's happening in markets and in margins.
Fred Lissalde: So in the prior call, we've announced some restructuring that we're essentially SG&A focused. Now, the more aggressive look is going to be around COGS and manufacturing costs. And so we know what to do, we know how to do it and we're just managing through it.
Fred Lissalde: So from a backlog perspective, the major impact that we have is, I would say, some of the program delayed and also a program lower volume went down, and it's essentially in China. The top end of the guide -- the top end of the backlog is down about $50 million and the lower end is unchanged, if that gives you the color that you need, Joe.
Fred Lissalde: I would say looking at the backlog quarter-over-quarter is really something that is very granular. I think we should -- one should look at the backlog year-over-year. Last year, we had outgrowth of 600 plus basis point, this year we'll be at 250 to 350 our long term target. And we said on average it's on average, its 500 basis points above market. But looking at it quarter-over-quarter with the - now the different program launches and stuff like this is really, really something that is difficult.
Fred Lissalde: The underlying market assumption is overall 1% growth year-over-year and flat on commercial vehicle. And I suggest that maybe you can take follow up on that offline.
Fred Lissalde: So, Dave at the midpoint of our guide, we are at minus 12% for the full year and actually about minus 8% in Q3, close to minus 11% in Q4. This is what we see. And you've seen also some lower pull from electric vehicle from an electric vehicle segment in China this quarter, or let's say in Q2. So this is what we see and we want to share that realistic outlook. This is our best guess. And I agree it might be lower than some third -- out of the third parties, but we want to share what we think.
Fred Lissalde: So, we -- as you know, technology drives whatever we do on M&A and also I think analyzed every place in the battery management system, the thermal management system in the battery. And also their flexibility on what type of sales to use, we found that Romeo Power was the best one. And that's why we chose them. They are in production with some low volume application commercial vehicle application. And the joint venture is very simple. And I think joint venture has to be very simple. The focus on product development, and we focused on customer intimacy and manufacturing at scale and globally. And we are in talks with a few customers around the world for different types of applications.
Fred Lissalde: You've heard us talk about the fact that we want to enhance our system focus in electric vehicle and hybrid vehicle. And if you look at all the components that we are making in the slate that shows the components in blue, there was one missing piece is that we wanted to ask to be having products from grid two wheel. And with having all those products, we felt that we can add value to customers from the system understanding, potentially from the product integration path. And so we proactively decided to go into this field. And I think it is also an element where we think in addition to the system understanding and expertise that we can still get between the cell makers that do battery packs and battery thermal management and some of the OEs that do that too, and we feel good about that.
Fred Lissalde: So on the turbo market, the new program pricing are challenged. And this is coming from competitive dynamic that is currently existing. We are absolutely focused on our financial discipline. We're focused in getting the best products in the hands of our customers. But they are programs that we're not going to chase.
Fred Lissalde: So, the bankruptcies are essentially centered in Europe. But the supplier distress, I would say from the current microenvironment and volatility that one see, is varied at -- is at different degrees, but I would say it's global.
Fred Lissalde: What we see right now is that launches are on time. We don't see program cancellation. We see very rare program delays. But what we see is that when it launches, it launches at lower volume. That's the key impact of the backlog shift.
Fred Lissalde: So, this is a question that I'd like to answer later in the year. We're currently going through the process of getting our arms around 2020. And with the volatility that w experienced, this is going to take some time. So I'd like to reserve my answer to a little point in time in the year.
Fred Lissalde: We're not going to speak for our customers. But what I can tell you is that for every product that we do that balancing that enhances fuel efficiency and reduce emission, we see a strong pull. And everything we can do to add capacity and to push production lies to deliver more in Europe to help our customers, we'll do.
Fred Lissalde: So first again, we're not going to speak to our customers. But since we are pretty relevant in the propulsion area and we have a breadth of product that cuts across combustion and within electric, and that's what we do right. We have discussion at the highest level at customers and each customers have different options to meet future regulatory obligations either 2020 and 2025, or 2030, they have different options. And each customers are going to take potentially different path and different options depending on what their fees, depending on what they used to do. And for us we position ourselves as a system supplier, able to supply and support them in anything they want to do. So, it's not going to be a one sides fits all. You're we’re going to see a lot of different customers moving in lot of different strategies technologies and products strategies. And whatever they do, they can do it BorgWarner. From a combustion product standpoint, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, customers are still wanting to bring in their portfolio innovative solution that makes their engine and transmission leaner and more efficient. So we see that pull also.
Fred Lissalde: So, two things I want to try to give you some color then first of all, year-after-year, our base revenue becoming higher, so the outgrowth in percents is based on the higher revenue. What you see in China also is that as I alluded to before the volumes of the products that are being launched are lower than that what we expected in the past because of the macro environment and the customer confidence and other changes in this market. You see ups and downs on take rate on battery electric vehicle and that impacts us quite a bit.
Fred Lissalde: No, it's still very early days for the JV. We're getting everything ready. We have customer pool. We are in coating phases. In any case, between now when we quote and when we launch, most probably won't have any significant impact in our three year backlog.
Fred Lissalde: So I would say, if there is a surprise it's how many suppliers are impacted. As I mentioned before, it's essentially Europe. And in Europe you've seen an impact on the supply base of the diesel drop, which is not significant for us but for some of our supplies it is significant. And we have to find a way to manage these costs. We have to find a way to get through those tough times. And just we know how to do it, we've done it before and we're doing it. It's just the magnitude and the number of them that if there was a surprise that would be the surprise.
Fred Lissalde: So I think we see the impact of RDE coming in a few months. And so right now our put in Europe is that it's going to be flat second half of prior year at the midpoint of our guidance from a market perspective. I think it's a bit early to talk about the impact of RDE, at least at our level.
Fred Lissalde: So we've always been in products that have potentials of in-sourcing. And from a battery electric vehicle standpoint motor and drive motor being a good proxy, our hypothesis is that the available market is going to be 50% of the total market, i.e. 50% of those motors could be in-sourced. And again it's not going to be one size fits all, it's not going to be, we think, one customer is doing it all in-house, some customers are not going to do it, some customers are going to do some and outsource some. And even if customers do, let's take motor as a proxy in-house, they will still need components. And they will still need efficient motors and we are here to support them also in this. So for us, supplying systems is certainly a target understanding system is certainly core, but we are absolutely supportive in selling components too.
Fred Lissalde: It would most probably be passed to backlog, because this is something that we are quoting now. And so team would be -- would not be impacting the backlog, would be impacting the backlog very marginally.
Kevin Inda: And maybe I'll follow up on that. I mean overall if you think about the 25% drop, I want to just speak to that in the low end of guidance in particular. The $0.05 of that really relates to the tax rate change going up 1 percentage point. So if I put that aside, I'd say the other $0.20 is really coming from operational performance not hitting our objectives. And there's really three items that are driving that. The first as I say, our second quarter came in weaker than we were anticipating. We expected to deliver at the top end of our guidance, and we missed that top end by about $10 million on a pretax basis. The second thing I would say is that with the volatility in the global markets and some of the markets coming down more quickly, just as Fred spoke to, we're seeing decrementals coming in closer to 30% right now than the 20% that we target overtime. And then the final thing with what you touched on, the supply cost performance coming in worse than anticipated. And that's due to the continuing impact of some of the insolvencies that we're seeing and frankly just the general macro environment making it more challenging to achieve cost reductions in the supply base. Those are the three items that are causing us to take the guide down.
Kevin Inda: I mean, that has an impact on the way we're decrementing right now. As we're seeing the volatility in the markets, and some markets like China coming down more quickly than we anticipated, it's causing us to decrement more like the 30% rate as opposed to our target of 20%. And that some of the impact we're seeing as we head to the back half of the year.
Kevin Inda: I mean, as I look at the three things that are really impacting us from a supplier cost performance perspective. The first is we have had the impact of year-over-year tariffs. So that's something that's been a headwind year-over-year. The second item is the supplier insolvencies that we talked about, which has provided some headwind to our cost structure this year that we haven't been able to offset. And the third is that general macro environment, which is making it more challenging to execute on cost reduction strategies in the supply base. So, it's really a combination of those three things that's impacting us and causing us to fall short of offsetting normal customer price downs.
Kevin Inda: They're relatively consistent. I mean, we haven't seen a significant change in terms of our annual customer price downs. They tend to be consistent with what we've seen in the last couple of years.
Kevin Inda: I think in the first quarter, we reported that we had delivered about 190 basis points of market outgrowth. And then in the second quarter here, we delivered 540 basis points. And as we look ahead to the third quarter, we're expecting it to be roughly a little bit flat to up a little bit favorable from an outgrowth. And in the fourth quarter returning to some of the higher levels we've seen relative to where we were in the first half of the year. So all that then gets us to the 250 to 350 basis points of outperformance.
Kevin Inda: What we alluded to last quarter was intended to do two things. One, to help fund some of the incremental R&D costs that we're expecting. And second was to sustain our strong margin profile. We expect to get the full run rate delivery of that by the time we exit 2020. I will say though that there are some cost performance actions that are taking in the back half of the year that's helping our incrementals as we get into the fourth quarter, but in a small way. The bigger impact is in '20.
Kevin Inda: Colin, this is Kevin. From a sequential perspective, the reason we're seeing the step down is first and foremost, revenue stepping down $50 million to $150 million in our guidance. And with the quick moves we're seeing to the downside and some of the revenue, we're decrementing it closer to 30%. So that's a big piece of the equation. In addition to that, we are seeing a sequential step up in our R&D expense as we head into the third quarter. Some of what we anticipated in the second quarter slipped into the third quarter, and so that's going to be north of $5 million, in the $5 million to $10 million range sequentially in Q3.
Kevin Inda: Well, Q4, our revenue takes back up you can see that in our guide. The Q3 is the low point. So we do expect to convert on the incremental revenue sequentially. When we look at the back half of the year, there is a couple of things that we normally expect. One is that we do tend generate certain types of prototype income, or government grants in a modest way that impact the quarter. We're also expecting to see some of the cost performance that we talked about last quarter starting to kick-in in our Q4 results as well. But again a big piece of that is really coming from the conversion on incremental revenue.
