Frédéric B. Lissalde: Yeah. We're talking about start of production in the second half of 2023. This is something that depending on the production ramp up can be very well achieved. I don't see any issues with that at all.
Frédéric B. Lissalde: No, we're disclosing that win pretty much at the same time we wanted. We're not disclosing the name as you've noticed and we'll do that when we can. 
Frédéric B. Lissalde: No, I think on the [indiscernible] we see growth in all regions and some regions will be more on component, some regions will be more on systems, even if that is not a clean cut. We see growth in all major region. It is also true that those -- the regions don't move at the same pace on the electrification so you see potential growth in North America a little bit later than in other parts of the world.
Frédéric B. Lissalde: I'm not totally able to answer the price point at this point in time. I don't think you can adjust the price point depending on the size. There is a little bit of that, but I am not in the position to answer that in detail Chris. 
Frédéric B. Lissalde: Yeah, you see, one of the advantage that we have is that we can do lower voltage silicon, higher voltage silicon carbide, very high voltage or 800 volts silicon carbide and we are positioning ourselves more in the high voltage or let's say lower losses type of product, more efficient product with silicon carbide. The tendency is to increase efficiency so the tendency is to go to those direction of a higher efficiency technologies. At the end of the day, it's the customer's choice who wants to -- who's going to decide what they want. And so you can count by is primarily on high-end vehicles today. They might find their way down to the two other ranges in the future.
Frédéric B. Lissalde: So what I would say is that for sure we are very aware about what we are delivering. Meaning that we are on top of making sure that we can continue the flow of product and we have a lot of three-party meetings with our customers, ourselves, and the semiconductor suppliers. And we manage that very, very, very intensively and very as accurately as we can. We see some customers that have announced shut down. Obviously, we are sometimes aware through the schedule changes, but we are more aware through the discussions that we have with our customers, more than looking at the schedules and that is informing also our market intelligence on what is likely to happen.
Frédéric B. Lissalde: So obviously Rod, there is a strong demand for efficient downsize gasoline engine and all efficient downsize gasoline engine are usually turbocharged and include GDA injection, right. So, that is one key element for combustion based engines, as well as for hybrid based engines. The second part of your question is around raw material. We are seeing some increases. We have incorporated what we had seen so far in our guide, and the color I wanted to give you is that on the biggest raw material purchases, we have about 60% pass through with our customers. And when we go into discussing those items with them, we usually do a little bit better than that. So that's the situation on raw material. And yes, we're seeing some inflation.
Frédéric B. Lissalde: It is scalable. It's is modular from an inverter standpoint, the building blocks are modular. Same for a motor standpoint, we have family of motor and the transmission that is hosting the whole thing. We size up depending on the talk that we need to give. So it's fairly modular. I would not think that smaller iDMs or A Class vehicle iDM are more or less complicated than C Class vehicle iDMs, there are different types of complexities. For sure, with the customers that we have, wait, perfect NVH, and good power density, very good power density with key elements for us to win this program, as way of competitiveness hopefully. And I think this is the recipe for success for the other iDMs that will hopefully come in the future. So you will see a continuous booking, both from a component standpoint, power electronics, combined power electronics boxes, combining inverters and DCDC converter, or any other type of combination. You will see also hopefully continuous booking on the system like this iDM. 
Frédéric B. Lissalde: So the thing is it varies a lot of cross region across customers. It depends upon their sourcing strategies and things like that. We -- and by program, it's very difficult for us to figure out those dynamics. We're not in that detail of what OEMs -- what the OEM's issues and details are, right. So what I can tell you is that it varies, and I don't have a way to ring fence this either by region or by customer types. It's not possible at least for us. 
Frédéric B. Lissalde: So John, I think at the end of the day, product leadership and scale will prevail. The force of that will win. There will be some insourcing, the market is very big and the content per vehicle that we have on E is three times more than we have on C. And I gave some examples sometimes then one inverter is equivalent to pretty much what we can sell if we say it all on combustion. So as you mentioned, the iDM is a very, very good example. There is more to come on system outsourcing. And again you will see some customers that are outsourcing. They won't learn in order to buy better. Some customers will in-source some platforms, outsource some others, and that varies across customers and across region. And that will also vary over time where I think when suppliers like us will have a very good product leadership and scale in an iDM, for example, but you have other products. I think, the likelihood for us to be able to sell more systems is becoming -- will become higher over time. 
Frédéric B. Lissalde: I would say that, especially on the battery pack stand point, there is obviously way more opportunities on the commercial vehicle for us then on Pascal, that is one of the reason why we went and focused on commercial vehicle, that recharging systems, and battery systems. So, on the, on that front, there is certainly more room for outsourcing than on the Pascal side. 
Frédéric B. Lissalde: Well, on the iDM, I think generally the likelihood of outsourcing in commercial vehicle by the volumes of those industries and by the diversity of what is required is at the high level leading to maybe more outsourcing than in other segments. You will see in the commercial vehicle I think maybe more combination of motor and power electronics as those two go together, one controls the other than iDMs from a commercial view propulsion standpoint. 
Frédéric B. Lissalde: Obviously won't give you -- can’t give you detail on the customer. What I can give you is that I think what it means is that, great technology is making a difference. And in line with my prepared remarks, I want to again thank the BorgWarner team that have been working since the closing of the Delphi transaction together to get in the world of this magnitude and that strategic impact seven months after close I think is pretty remarkable.
Frédéric B. Lissalde: So there is two facets to that. First is the facet of what we supply to our customers that as semiconductor and we are working very well with our customers and with our semi-conductor suppliers in order to keep it going. Second is when we are impacted by somebody else's shut down and you're taking for that as an example well, we are agile enough to be able to manage that. And, with the notice we have, this is something that we do for a living. We can flex and this particular element is in the grand scheme of BorgWarner. It is not going to move the needle to a point where it is impacting us too much, and the plants and the plant managers know how to flex, where they have to flex in order to cope with the latest schedules. 
Frédéric B. Lissalde: Yeah, there were two things that are really impacting us. One of the bigger item was really a troubled supplier situation that we have impacting one of our segment in Europe and you'll see that disclosed in the 10-Q as well and that had about an $80 million impact in the quarter. And then the second as we talked about earlier is that the impact of commodity costs on it but we are seeing some escalation there. As Fred noted we do have recovery mechanisms for the underlying movement in the raw materials that are just a subset of our material purchases but that does have an impact on us and we will continue to have an impact as we look ahead to the balance of the year but again both those things are contemplated in the 11% margin performance in Q1 as well as the full your guide of 10.1 to 10.5. 
Frédéric B. Lissalde: It is -- the situation is as you know still very volatile but we've not been faced with those types of demand yet. 
Frédéric B. Lissalde: We are seeing a pool, a strong pool actually for plug in hybrids especially coming from Europe. Also a little bit from China. And as you know Brian we are more into the high voltage plug in hybrids more than in the lower voltages and we see strong pool. We are very, very happy with the programs that we had and the pool that we are seeing especially in Europe. 
Frédéric B. Lissalde: Yeah, I mean when it comes to steel costs we are seeing underlying inflationary pressures in the raw material underlying our material. Remember material spend for us runs around 55% of revenue and the underlying raw material is a relatively modest percentage of that. But within that spend, the bulk of which from a raw material exposure perspective would be on the steel side we are seeing some inflationary pressures. But as Fred mentioned we do have cost recovery mechanisms with our customers associated with the underlying raw material increases. But there is an impact, it's hitting us this year and it's embedded in our guidance. 
Kevin Nowlan: Hi Chris, I think it's hard to say but it's normally -- it is a three-year type of a lead time. So most of the production awards we would be looking to win in 2021 are probably more likely going to be in that 2024, 2025 time frame. But there's some fluctuation around that and this one happens to launch later in the latter part of 2023. 
Kevin Nowlan: As you know we're not providing quarterly guidance, but what I can tell you is that we do expect the bigger impact from the semiconductor shortage issue to occur really in the second quarter and a little less so in the third quarter. If you look at, the way I would help you dimension it is, if you look at what's implied at the mid-point of our guide for instance, about the last nine months, it implies that the average quarterly revenue somewhere in that $3.7 billion zip code, and you should assume that probably again, the semiconductor issue is more likely going to have a bigger impact in the near-term as opposed to the back end of the year.
Kevin Nowlan: Yeah. I mean, I think a few of the things that we saw from a pure product perspective, the Ford F-150 launch was actually helpful in terms of driving some of the outgrowth that we saw in North America. We saw gas turbo business in Europe, which was helpful, and we saw good performance across the legacy Delphi Technologies businesses, stronger than what we were anticipating as we started the year particularly in the fuel injection business. So, I mean I think we saw it across a wide variety of our businesses. And so as we look at the back half of the year, you saw that we took up the full year outgrowth guidance. I think before we were at 100 to 300 basis points for the full year, now we're seeing the full year is 300 to 500 basis points based on both what we saw in Q1, as well as what we're expecting in the back nine months of the year. So in the last nine months of the year, I think it stacks up to be about 200 to 450 basis points or so of implied outgrowth in that full year guide. 
Kevin Nowlan: Yeah, I mean, we're not -- we haven't really disclosed outgrowth by segment, but clearly when you look at that segment that we do have a lot of business in that segment coming out of China and the global markets were simply up a lot more in China. If you look at our global way to production, it increased about 80% in China versus you look at Europe and North America, much smaller increases or even down in North America on a blended basis. So that's part of the reason you see stronger revenue numbers year-over-year in that business. It has a little bit more disproportionate skewing to the Chinese market than some of our other businesses.
Kevin Nowlan: Not specifically. I think as we've just rolled up our programs and rolled up our forecast, we've realized that it probably needed to take that up a little bit. Along with that there are some of the investments we're making associated with the Delphi Technologies integration particularly on the IT side that are actually being bucketed in capital that we didn't anticipate. We thought it would be in a different line item. So we're bucketing that now on CAPEX as well. So that has a little bit of an impact, although that's just a left pocket right pocket when it comes to free cash flow outlook.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, we think the answer to that is yes although it's hard to tell for certain. When you look at that outgrowth coming in at about 570 basis points, as we're trying to sort through the numbers, it's not a 100% clear, but our expectation is the amount of outperformance we're generating relative to call it that 300 to 500 basis points full year is probably the amount that's arguably linked to the build and hold vehicles that we're seeing. But it's really hard to dimension that for sure, but that's our assumption at the moment.
Kevin Nowlan: We're not disclosing that. It's just embedded in our guidance and so the good news is we're able to offset that with the performance we're seeing in the business and able to actually even take up the bottom end of our margin range for the full year.
Kevin Nowlan: Yeah. I mean, it's really fundamentally linked to volume more than anything else. If you look at what's implied by our guide about the back half of the year, it still suggests that we're going to convert in the low 20%, call it 23% to 25% over the last nine months of the year. Pretty much in line with what we saw in Q1 on a year-over-year basis. So, nothing beyond volume. Certainly there's puts and takes in our P&L. You have certain things going one way, certain things going in other, but overall what it comes down to in our guide is really the conversion on incremental revenue. 
Kevin Nowlan: Yeah, I think the process is underway. Nothing to report, obviously we're 45 days removed from announcing our Project Charging Forward strategy. And I think we still feel good about the ability to deliver on that approximately $1 billion of dispositions over the next 12 to 18 months. So we'll update you when we're closer to executing transactions, but nothing additional to report at this point sitting here today. 
Kevin Nowlan: Yeah, I mean that the main thing that we saw from a CV perspective was really China coming in a little bit stronger including one from a production standpoint than what we were previously guiding to. But that's really all that is coming on at this point. It's mainly coming from that. 
Kevin Nowlan: We haven’t broken it down between commercial vehicle and light vehicle. I think it is appropriate to think of us just in totality as being normally in that high teens from a conversion standpoint. Obviously our guide this year both will be delivered in Q1e and what we're guiding to for the full year suggest that we are in the low 20 percentiles from a conversion year-over-year perspective which would contemplate anything in both the CV and the light vehicle space. And obviously we're getting a tailwind from things like the cost synergies in excess of purchase price amortization, getting a tail wind from the execution of our restructuring initiatives both in the legacy BorgWarner side and project pioneered at Delphi and so it is leading the conversion that this year is in the low 20s right now. 
