Kenneth Lamb: Thank you, Jeremy. Good morning, and thank you, all, for joining us. We issued our earnings release this morning at 8:00 a.m. Eastern. It's posted on our website, borgwarner.com, and on our Investor Relations home page. A replay of today's conference call will be available through August 7. The dial-in number for that replay is (855) 859-2056. You'll need the conference ID, which is 59589666. The replay will also be available on our website. With regard to our Investor Relations calendar, we will be attending the following conferences between now and our next earnings release: August 12, we'll be at the JPMorgan Automotive Conference in New York; September 3, we will be at the CLSA Autos Assembly in New York; September 10, we will be at the RBC Capital Global Industrials Conference in Las Vegas; September 16, we will be at the Morgan Stanley Laguna Conference in Laguna Beach; and September 23, we'll be at the Citi Global Industrials Conference in Boston. Before we begin, I need to inform you that during this call we may make forward-looking statements which involve risks and uncertainties, as detailed in our 10-K. Our actual results may differ significantly from the matters discussed today. Now moving on to our results. James Verrier, President and CEO, will review highlights of our operating results, as well as some of our recent noteworthy accomplishments. And then Ron Hundzinski, our CFO, will discuss the details of our operating results and also our updated outlook for 2014. With that, I'll turn it over to James.
Kenneth Lamb: Thanks, Ron. Now let's move to the Q&A portion of the call. Jeremy, please remind everyone of the Q&A procedure.
Kenneth Lamb: Yes, this is Ken. So the Drivetrain performance year-to-date is pretty broad, globally and across the product spectrum. So we've had strength in our dual-clutch business, we've had strength in our traditional automatic transmission components and then also in our all-wheel drive business, and it's been all over the world. So I wouldn't point to the F-150 as a reason for it. Obviously it doesn't hurt. But certainly, we've had some broad, good activity in the business. So I think that's the right way to think about it.
Kenneth Lamb: Brett, this is Ken, again. Let's talk about this a little bit. So, first of all, as you stated, over the last few quarters, our incremental margins have been well above the expectation of in the mid-teens. First thing that we need to note is, in the second half of last year, there was a very sharp increase in Drivetrain margins that really kind of led to the increase in incremental margins. I don't know the basis points off the top of my head, but it was a pretty sharp increase from the first half to the second half. That's the first thing to think about that probably will not be repeated as we go forward. And then when you add on top of that, we are starting the Drivetrain moves now, just started them this month. So that spending is definitely coming back, and then we have this deferred spending that we talked about last year that's also coming back. So those are the variables to think about it. Is it possible that the momentum in our business could partially offset some of these challenges ahead of us? We do think that that's a possibility, which is why Ron had that in his prepared remarks. But those are all the things of we're thinking about when we were contemplating guidance for you guys.
Kenneth Lamb: So we actually didn't provide any numbers around that, Joe. Commercial vehicle is about 15% of the company, and if you throw in aftermarket, it's up to 20%. And as you know, the market, almost the entire market around the world, was pretty depressed. It was decent in North America, but South America was really poor. Europe and China had almost no growth. So it certainly didn't help us when you think about our overall business and how much we grew in other parts of it.
Kenneth Lamb: Well, so I guess I could say this, overall, clearly we have a better expectation for the business. We didn't bifurcate between commercial vehicle and light vehicle. I'd have to say, in general, commercial vehicle is probably a bit weaker now than what we thought at the beginning of the year. So I guess your logic is sound.
Kenneth Lamb: It certainly wouldn't hurt us. There are lot of other factors, of course, in the backlog that we will discuss in detail in November. You and I can talk about that more offline, in detail if you like. But again, November, at your conference, we'll share more detail about the ins and outs, the changes that have happened in the backlog since the last announcement.
Kenneth Lamb: Well, first of all, it is not -- you can't use that ratio for each year. So you're right about that, that's a 3-year look. Over the course of the 3 years, that's how the backlog splits. Now I will say that if you go back a few years and look at the split, it does bounce around a little bit. It's been a little bit heavier in Drivetrain a couple of years back and it's been moving a bit. So it's another factor to consider. I would say maybe the one factor this year that's probably having an effect, where the backlog's probably coming in a little bit differently than expected, is commercial vehicle is a little bit weaker than expected. So that's maybe the one variable. But overall, I think if you're going to look at that split for the 3-year backlog, you got to consider that it's over a longer period of time.
Kenneth Lamb: No, I wouldn't say that. Engine had some strong growth in the first half. I mean, I know it's not been as strong Drivetrain. But again, the commercial vehicle business is contained almost completely by Engine. That's been maybe the one weak spot on the engine side. But I wouldn't say it's a first-half, second-half issue. Ron talked about our growth difference in the second half versus the first half, and it's largely just seasonal.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: All right. So I'm going to talk about it excluding Wahler, okay? The way I would look at it is the organic growth we're getting in that area is in the mid-teens on incremental margins. Now the issue is you're approaching incremental -- the convergence is just about there. So the basis points are getting really narrow, depending on how you define mid-teens. So I would say it's starting to narrow on the margin expansion in that segment because we're approaching the convergence point on incremental margins.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: I'll give some high-level and then maybe after the call, I'm sure everyone will call Ken on more details. But high level is how I would say this. You got to look at it sequentially. And I said in my script that sales are going to be down, and I think if you do some math, you'll see 2% down or something. We're going to have a decremental, obviously, on that, as sales come back for the reasons I mentioned, right? Summer shutdowns and holidays. So you have a decremental on that, 20%, 25%. And then we have, on top of that, we have incremental cost coming back and. So it's in 2 buckets; volume and it's in cost coming back in. And I gave some color about the cost coming in. But that's the high level and you can do the math, maybe give Ken a call later.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Yes. I think you need to look at repatriation at a higher level than the focus everyone's been putting on China. We repatriate cash from a number of areas in the world, not just China. If you go back about a year ago, we changed -- I think, it was from the Korean operations, we started bringing back some cash more. And that's just -- actually, the China event that you're referring to is just a continuation of what we do every single day in this business as we look at regions of the world and we make decisions on -- are they self-funding going forward. And on the China situation, that was just one of those decisions. So the cash is starting to flow back in the United States. And more importantly, as we look forward, our China operations are growing at a very healthy clip. Cash generation there is going to be very healthy. I just want to make sure we set ourselves up going forward to bring that cash back so we can use it for other investments. So that's all that really is. I think everybody's putting too much emphasis on that China repatriation.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: I'm just going to say it's really based on performance of the operations. Not on any other -- I would say, operational efficiency is where it all came from. Just their performance, concentrating on incremental margins. The sales was very strong, as we've pointed out, and they converted those sales. So it's just operational efficiency is what they're doing there.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: If you're referring to our joint venture in China on dual-clutch, yes, we're gaining momentum there. That's a component in there. But I think it's not materially an impact for us at this point, okay? I wouldn't put a lot of emphasis on it at this point. I think in the future there's going to be much more emphasis, but not in the short run.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: I think the corporate costs were like $35 million, but I'll give more flavor on it. I think you can anticipate that's been running about $150 million full year. So it's up and down by quarters a little bit. But that's usually what we've been running, about $150 million and it has been pretty flat year-on-year. I think it was $35 million in the quarter.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Yes. We constantly look at our pensions. If you recall, in the fourth quarter of '13, we funded a German pension fund over there, which I would like to brag that we're getting good earnings on it, on the pension fund. It was a good move. We had some cash over there. But I think you're probably more referencing like putting them into annuities for example. We are looking at that. It's too soon to tell where it would go. We're in the business of making auto parts, not being a fund manager when it comes to pensions, but we are looking at those options going forward.
John Murphy: Just a first question on Wahler. I was curious, what has changed there that you're kind of stepping up these restructuring charges? Is the business performing largely as you expected and this is just incremental integration expense? I'm just trying to understand what's changed there? Because I think we're all kind of assuming that it might be going -- it sounded like it was going a little bit better than expected and it might be a little bit different now.
John Murphy: Okay. And then, second question, just on Drivetrain and we look at sort of the strength in the first half of this year. How much of that has to do with Ford prebuilding F-150s ahead of the changeover and sort of the weakness we might see in the second half of the year as a result of the changeover? And could we really just see the Drivetrain margins kind of bounce right back up in the first half of next year as that truck launch gets going? I'm just trying to understand what kind of impact that launch is having on your margins.
John Murphy: Okay, that's helpful. And then just lastly, I mean, schedules through the second quarter seemed like they improved in both North America and Europe through the quarter, and third quarter's schedules are expected to be reasonably strong in North America and Europe. In your early read, I mean, are you seeing sort of schedules being slowly inched higher and downtime being stripped back in a lot of factories? It just sounds like we're sort of in that environment where the companies are being relatively cautious in their initial schedules, but then inching them up as we go through the quarter.
James R. Verrier: John, this is James. I would say it's pretty much in line with what we had expected going in. I think if you recall, we talked about that mid-single-digit start point for the business. Good growth trajectory, great technology. And as we take a good look at it and improve the operations more in line with typical BorgWarner performance, over that 2- or 3-year period, we'd be able to get it up to that kind of double-digit range. Nothing's really moved off that. I think what you're seeing, John, is that -- a way to think of it is you're seeing a little bit more clarity now. We kind of knew that going in there'd be some level of restructuring in order to move that operating margin up. And we are a few months in and we've kind of got our arms around that and we're starting to execute, and that's what you're seeing in the restructuring. Fundamentally, John, no change. Just a little bit more clarity and the story's still solid.
James R. Verrier: Yes, John. I would say -- I wouldn't say we've seen a lot of meaningful move. I think, in general, second quarter schedules came in, globally, pretty much in line with what we thought, and our read as we go into the third quarter is pretty much the same at a general level. It varies a little bit when you get into the plant-by-plant, customer-by-customer. But I was able, overall, for us as a company, John, it's pretty much following what we'd anticipated. And in general, it's relatively solid and strong. I mean, the schedules when you look at it, particularly North America, are running well and holding well. And that stability in Europe that we were all looking for and hoping for, I think we're seeing that. So I think in general, it's a pretty positive picture, but no real change for us, if that make sense.
James R. Verrier: Yes, sure. I would say it was another good strong quarter for BorgWarner, relatively typical to kind of what we see. Both at an -- and activity level was good, there was a lot of activity. And the ratio, so to speak, of what we were looking to win came in line pretty much with what we thought. And it was very well-balanced globally and very well-balanced across our whole portfolio. So it was another good typical BorgWarner-type quarter for us in bookings.
James R. Verrier: What I would get you to think of is, in a few months, our backlog overview, which gives you that 3-year view. And that's when it's more meaningful, because it's -- the reason I say that is it can bounce around quarter-to-quarter, depending on the customers and the time. But I would say, generally, it was well-balanced, but the better way to look at that is over a longer horizon, like that 3-year period versus an individual quarter. But it was good.
James R. Verrier: Yes, Brett, this is James. I'll give you maybe a little bit of an overview where we are on the M&A pipeline, so to speak. Because I think you know, that's still our preferred path, obviously, for utilization of cash. So, Brett, the good news, the pipeline remains very robust and very strong. The number of potentials in the queue are pretty good and we continue that. I think as we've talked about before, the timing of those is not easy to pin down because of the complexity of the transactions you get into. So we're continuing to drive to outcome on those. I'm not going to make a prediction of timing of when they will get executed, not because I don't want to, it's just that I really don't know, because of the nature of the negotiations that we're in. But I'll tell you, we're pushing hard to get that done. But in the light of that uncertainty, that's why we have other components that we utilize the cash for. And Ron maybe can add a bit of color of where we want to go on that side of it.
James R. Verrier: Yes, this is James, Brian. I think a couple of things that are worth thinking here. And I think you kind of nailed one of the critical points for us. This whole restructuring around Drivetrain is to position us for future growth. We absolutely see a lot of growth potential in that segment and this is an integral part of getting that footprint, combined with the leading-edge technology we've got, puts us in a very strong position. So our quote rates and our win rates have generally been strong in Drivetrain over the last year or so, and you saw some of that in the backlog that Ken took us through last year. And I think this continues to keep us in the competitive position, that the growth rate's going to continue to remain strong for Drivetrain. It's probably a better read or a strong re-brand [ph] will be as you look out 2, 3 years from now, what that translates into. And we'll see that, obviously, in a couple months here as we roll out the backlog. But I will tell you, in terms of our win ratios in the Drivetrain business that we're quoting, both on the transmission side and on the overall Drive side, I'm very comfortable and positive with what I'm seeing.
James R. Verrier: Yes. I think I'll talk about our acquisition strategy, Brian, and it remains consistent with prior discussions. And what that really relates to is acquiring leading-edge technology to complement the technology that we've got both on Drivetrain and on Engine side of the business. And when I look at our pipeline of potential opportunities, we see companies in both segments. So, as we look out, we see the majority of our growth on Drivetrain will come organically, because we've got a very good set of technology today. But we remain open to further acquisition activity around Drivetrain.
James R. Verrier: Sure. Yes, this is James, Ryan. It's a relatively -- we don't disclose the exact percentage, but it's a smaller part of our overall business at the moment, South America. It's concentrated all in Brazil. We serve our South American customers all from Brazil. You're right to note that we did do quite a bit of investment and expansion, and that's for where we see opportunities for future growth in that market, both on the light vehicle and commercial vehicle part of our business. But in the short term, yes, it's definitely a little bit of a headwind for us. The commercial vehicle segment, which is primarily what we serve in Brazil and South America, is very challenged, I think you guys know that. So it's not helping us at all in the short run in Brazil. But we believe, for the long haul, it's still a great growth potential for BorgWarner and that's why we feel the investment we made was the appropriate one.
James R. Verrier: Yes, sure. The quick answer, Ryan, is the pipeline is pretty robust and long and deep. And I would say, in general, it's similar to what it was about a year ago. Obviously, from a year ago we got 1 completed, which was Wahler, a couple have fallen out of the process, a few more are being added in. But I would give you a sense of the number of target companies in the pipeline is pretty similar to where it was a year ago. The scale and size is pretty similar. And probably, most importantly is the focus or the target of where we're trying to acquire is very consistent. So, again, we want to acquire technology, we want to acquire leading-edge technology that will drive growth for us. And we're agnostic whether it's engine or drivetrain, and we're agnostic in terms of where it is in the world because we're a global company. So hopefully that helps you little bit. We're very focused on it and we believe, as we look out over the next few years, acquisition will be a part of it. And, in general, it will be adjacencies and complementary technology in the powertrain area is the way to think of it.
James R. Verrier: Joe, this is James. I think the example you used is a good one, and that's around the theme of emissions, right? Or emissions products. If you look and think about business, think of it that same way. So we have a theme around all-wheel drive, we have a theme around air management, we have a theme around thermal management, we have a theme around boosting solutions. And there's product or technology that you could add, that would complement that sphere of thermal management or all-wheel drive management. And some of that, obviously, we'll do organically. But that's obviously where we do look for acquisition targets that could get us there quicker and would complement and allow us to offer more comprehensive solutions than what we have today. So I think you're thinking is the right one, Joe.
James R. Verrier: Well, I think the way to think of it for us, as you know, we're a very broad and diverse supplier, so we're spread all around the world. So individual programs often don't weigh or drag too heavily in the short-term for us. As Ron said, there is, obviously, the sequential change from Q2 into Q3, where you get the seasonality which will impact us. But we don't see any anything that specific, Colin, if that makes sense to you. And we're comfortable with where we're at.
James R. Verrier: I'd like to thank you all, again, for joining us. We expect to file our 10-Q before the end of the day, which will provide details of our results. If you have any follow-up questions about our earnings release, the matters discussed during this call or our 10-Q please, direct them to me. Jeremy, please close up the call.
