Ken Lamb: Thanks, Nicole. Good morning, and thank you all for joining us. We issued our earnings release this morning at approximately 8 a.m. Eastern time. It's posted on our website, borgwarner.com, on our homepage. A replay of today's call will be available through May 3. The dial-in number for the replay is (800) 642-1687. You'll need the conference ID, which is 59474210. The replay will also be available on our website.  With regards to our IR calendar, we will be attending several conferences over the next few months. May 9, we'll be at the Wells Fargo Industrial and Construction Conference in New York. May 16, we'll be at the Barclay's Americas Select Conference in London. May 22, we'll be at the Wolfe Trahan Global Transportation Conference in New York. May 30, we'll be at the KeyBanc Automotive Industrial and Transportation Conference in Boston. And on June 13, we'll be at the Deutsche Bank Industrials Conference in Chicago.  Before we begin, I need to inform you that during this call, we may make forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties as detailed on our 10-K. Our actual results may differ significantly from the matters discussed here today.  Now moving on to our results. Ken Manganello, Chairman and CEO, will comment on the first quarter and current industry trends; and then Ron Hundzinski, our CFO, will discuss the details of our operating results and also our outlook for the remainder of 2012. Also on the call, we have James Verrier, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Robin Adams, Vice Chairman and Chief Administrative Officer.  With that, I'll turn it over to Tim.
Ken Lamb: Thanks, Ron. We'll now turn to the Q&A portion of the call. Nicole, please announce the Q&A procedure.
Ken Lamb: Ravi, this is Ken, we talked about this a little bit a couple of months ago. We still think that average share count is going to be 1, 23, 1, 24, somewhere in that area.
Ken Lamb: I'd like to thank you all again for joining us. We expect to file our Q before the end of the day, if you're looking for -- find details of our results. If you have any follow-up questions about our earnings release, the matters discussed here on the call or the Q, please direct them to me. Nicole, please close out the call.
Timothy M. Manganello: Well, I think it's probably closer to sustainable than the 9%. I would -- now that we've hit 10%, I think we'll probably going to stay close to that. We made flex a little bit, plus or minus from 9.5% to 10%. Maybe we may even creep a little bit higher than 10%, but it's going to be at the high end of that 9% to 10% range.
Timothy M. Manganello: Well, all of our businesses basically taken up 15% or better return on invested capital. So it's not so much margins that drive our business' return on invested capital. But that being said, we're trying to take business at good margins. Now that the issue is, historically, the Drivetrain Group has more historical costs. So we've got legacy costs, pensions and so forth and so on. So the Drivetrain Group carries more historical cost that the Engine group doesn't have, because the Engine group is actually seen -- has grown to be the size of it is in the last 10 to 15 years.
Timothy M. Manganello: The quoting activity in terms of the amount of new business we scored in the first quarter of this year, was we track new business wins by [indiscernible] or purchase orders that we've been awarded quarter by quarter. And this was the best quarter we've had -- the best first quarter we've ever had in our history. And it was probably the second best quarter we've ever had, period. So the fourth quarter tends to be the strongest quarter because purchase orders tend to ramp up as you go out through the year and the fourth quarters tends to be the highest. And the first quarter actually tends to be one of the lower quarters, but this is a first quarter of this year was a really strong quarter.
Timothy M. Manganello: Even distribution of all the product. Yes, we're winning Turbo business. We're winning dual clutch business, we're winning Morse TEC variable cam timing business. It's a total cross-section of the company. emissions, BERU starting to kick in now also.
Timothy M. Manganello: In actuality, there aren't that many big swing factors that haven't already been accounted for. Material costs are roughly under control. They're going to be in the $25 million range as the historic -- kind of towards the historical low portion of the range. So it will be $25 million plus or minus. We have capacity. We're putting in capacity. We're putting in capacity at accelerated rates for us -- to handle the growth for the future. But that's normal for us. We -- that's accounted for in our 4% -- our 6%, roughly 6% CapEx investment every year, and our 3.5% to 4% R&D expense every year. I -- you are right, though, in the beginning of that part, we've seen some softness in the -- well, let's just say the French, Italians and some of the North American, German OEMs. The German OEMs that are owned by the North Americans have seen some softness, okay? And yes, we're seeing increased pickups in North America, both in the truck market. We're strong with Ford on four-wheel-drive. And timing drive systems. And EcoBoost across the board, with 4 cylinder and the EcoBoost 6 cylinder truck. And Ford was strong in -- at Chrysler on four-wheel-drive and Pentastar engines. And that's part of the reason why you're seeing the increase in our tax rate, because we getting more business and more profits out of North America. And it's kind of putting a pump door and kind of jacking up our tax rate a little bit.
Timothy M. Manganello: No. We constantly are putting in new capacity and I -- James is sitting right here. He knows. I've been -- for the last 2 to 3 years I've been hitting these guys hard on doing 2-year forecasts on capacity plans and getting the capacity in before our customers actually need it. We don't want to put in too early, but we darn well don't want to put in late.
Timothy M. Manganello: Let's just say this. There's a lot of pressure on pricing, a lot of pressure on margins. We try to do it -- we obviously do a pretty good job. These margins are coming, these improved margins are coming from mainly from operational efficiencies and improvements. Our guys are, as you can see by our SG&A, and you can see by our margins, we're running, we're a well-oiled machine right now, and we're running really strong in terms of operating efficiencies. So a lot of this margin stuff is coming from internal actions. And at the same time on the pricing side, we go out and quote business and we win business. And I don't -- I think we're winning business for 2 reasons. One, we have leading technology. And 2, we were competitive on price. Competitive doesn't necessarily mean low or lowest, that just means we're, provide a fair value.
Timothy M. Manganello: Okay, yes, we're getting a lot of action with the traction system acquisition. We're going to be taking that technology to China. That's our expectation. We're getting on the -- let's just say in the active portion of the business, it doesn't necessarily increase on the four-wheel-drive side. It doesn't improve fuel economy. The best you can do and what we do technically is focus on not detracting from fuel economy. So if you can deliver a four-wheel-drive or an all-wheel-drive system, it doesn't -- parasitic loss neutral or fuel economy neutral. That's a good thing. On the transmission side, we are working on new technologies for traditional automatic transmissions to improve fuel economy through clutching materials and friction materials, huge increase in demand on dual-clutch transmissions in Europe. You're starting to see dual clutch. We just talked about China. But you're going to see dual clutch being spread more and more across the globe. And what you are seeing is that dual clutch has 2 competitors: the traditional automatic; and then it has that dual-drive clutch as a competitor. Yes, we take -- we supply the control modules on the dual-drive clutch. But the dual-drive clutch is having some technology problems out there, some shifting problems. So there's a lot more interest and a lot more people contacting us on where they initially were thinking about dual drive clutch, they're now thinking more about dual work [ph] clutch.
Timothy M. Manganello: What we said earlier in the previous meetings and conferences is I think we're, we said, it was going to be up and Europe was in a down market where we said Europe was going to be down 4% before. Now we're saying, it's down about 6%. We're going to be up about 6% to 8%, I think, in Europe without adjusted for FX or foreign currency. And higher than that, 8% or 10% or something like that, adjusted for foreign currency. We're seeing a little -- in all honesty, we're seeing a little bit more softness than we anticipated with some of the French and Italian and some of the other German OEMs in terms of their volumes. But yet, the traditional German OEMs, the BMWs, the Mercedes, the Audis, and Volkswagens, their volumes are strong. And so we have strong volumes with them, but and we have, we're starting to see some weaker volumes at some of the other small car players in Europe.
Timothy M. Manganello: I think we may see the first and the second quarter track a little bit better than the first quarter. I think it'll be better than flat. It'll track upward. The second quarter is traditionally one of the strongest quarters of the year. And that was the strongest quarter we had in 2011, so the comps will be a little bit tougher in the second quarter when you compare 2012 to 2011. But I think you're going to see some spikes, some slight increase in sales from the first quarter to second quarter this year. And then I'd say, what we're seeing is, and what we're predicting, is a stronger second half to the year.
Timothy M. Manganello: It's holding strong at about 54% of the market penetration, and some people have thought -- had predicted it was going to go to -- start to go down a little bit, but we're not seeing it. It's holding strong in terms of the percentage, at about 54% of the market. And now the market, because of the Southern Europeans, the market's trending down a little bit in terms of volume, but the percent penetration's holding firm. Gas, the gas turbochargers are continuing to penetrate the market. So we're seeing growth in gas, in the face of a declining market, we're still seeing growth in gas.
Timothy M. Manganello: Well, we're going to start to see some growth in diesel, I think in North America. You got -- the Europeans are coming over with more availability. GM's going to start, in 2013 GM's going to start launching the Cruze with the diesel. And I think that they -- they're planning a low-penetration rate. But I think their penetration rate's going to be much higher than they expect. And I hope it is. You're seeing increased use in diesels. We're seeing increases in, I think, in Korea and a little bit in India. We're seeing good increases in India. But now the India, in India, we sell through a joint venture. And unfortunately, we're a minority owner of the joint venture instead of being a majority owner of the joint venture, which was set up like 25 years ago, long before we actually owned the company.
Timothy M. Manganello: Yes, diesels are growing. And I don't have the charts in front of me, but diesels are growing for 2012 globally. And gas is growing, gas turbocharged engines are growing much stronger globally in 2012.
Timothy M. Manganello: No, I'll get that. Hold on. I don't break it down, but I can give you some indication. The general softness amongst those schedules is like probably in the 2% to 3% range. But we -- let's just say this, that when you get into Renault and PSA, although Renault is the highest, they're their fifth largest customer. But that's so in this [ph] combination, and they're -- what's happening is they're growing and we are growing our penetration rates with Renault, PSA and actually some of Fiat. But so we're increasing our penetration rates but their volumes are declining. And what's happening is -- so it came -- it's coming out netting a little bit lower than we originally forecasted when we put together our forecast in January for this year.
Timothy M. Manganello: You're just thinking turbochargers and we supply all sorts of product to a whole lot of European OEMs. So and we can get back to you. I can have Ken get back to you on a more specific answer.
Timothy M. Manganello: Well, let me start with BorgWarner. It's not an issue for BorgWarner at all. There maybe 1 or 2 part numbers. And one of the part numbers, we don't use that supplier. Our Tier 2 or Tier 3 supplier to us doesn't use that supplier. And the other part number, there's a years -- we have a supply in the pipeline between what's us and our sub-suppliers. We got enough material to cover us for the rest of this year. So this will be long solved by then. As far as the industry is concerned, I think you're going to see -- firstly hit in Europe, possibly. And I think that's where you'll see the initial impact, if there is an impact. This industry is very flexible and knows how to react very quickly. You saw it with the Japanese earthquake and you've seen it on some of these other things like where there's been plant fires and so forth. I think that there'll be substitutions and I think there'll be workarounds. And I don't think this is going to be an issue for the industry at all. That's my opinion. But I am pretty optimistic about this industry working with the resin people that they'll be able to come up with substitutions and workarounds. There may be some short-term delays here or there in one plant or another, but I think that, that's going to be, that's not going to be that much of an issue.
Timothy M. Manganello: I think you're going to see things, as well, the rate of change will start to slow down. We've made some pretty dramatic progress over the last 1.5 years in terms of step-by-step, quarter by quarter, and I think we have the ability to improve but you're just not going to see the same large steps from one quarter to another.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: And yes Ravi, I just want to -- the first quarter performance, the market was down. Our differential in Europe was about 15 percentage points between the European market being down, what we achieved in sales in the first quarter. So I wasn't sure if your question was forward looking or just what the performance was in the first quarter.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Yes, there was. The year-over-year change was about $6 million, $7 million related to our stock-based compensation year-over-year. And actually on a sequential basis, it's up about $9 million. So both views there, that exactly what it was. The stock price at the end of the year was $63, roughly. We finished the first quarter about $84, I think it was. And then if you go year-over-year, it was, I think another $4 difference. I got to go back and get that number really quick. But that's what you're seeing. Last year, the first quarter was $80 finished. And we finished at $84. So there's $4 to $5 differential. And from the end of the year, you're up almost $20.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: I think corporate cost will be about where it's at right now what you're seeing going forward. Probably some slight reductions as we go throughout the year.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: I think one way to look at it, we don't track -- I think there's no way, maybe on your models, you can take a look at it. I would take base sales, plus maybe a market, where the market was, and take that differential from the market to where end of sales were. I think that might be a good indication of how much backlog came in. Because the market was about 4. Excluding FX, we were up 13, so it's 9. I would say maybe that 9 would be indicative of our backlog coming in. There might be a price in their noise but...
Ronald T. Hundzinski: This is Ron. I don't see any run debt [ph] would go against us. I mean the incrementals of 15% to 20% is pretty much the way you should model that.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Well, I think it's the top line that you have to look at. So you have to look at what the sales growth is going to be sequentially on the top line. And then you can model a 15% to 20% incremental margin on that sales growth. So that's the top line that's going to be the most important thing. Now with that said, we always have seasonality in this business. Third quarter, typically with summer breaks in Europe and changeovers in the U.S. is typically a lower sales quarter for us and it picks up in the fourth. Historically, that's what we've seen. We have seen changes historically, but I think that's the historical perspective there.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: You can actually assume 0.5 month, I believe, because 5 [ph] of April is when it was converted on the 16, 0.5 month. And you're right, going forward, you won't see it any longer. At least in the later part of the quarter.
