Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I think our expectation right now is that we're going to continue to manage inflationary levels at the way we exited 2022. So to the extent that we continue to see elevated levels of inflation from the supply base, we would expect to continue to maintain the pricing in place with our customers on a go-forward basis to mitigate that. So that's really what's underlying the guidance.
Kevin Nowlan: I think we're expecting that we're going to enter the year and the focus of the negotiations last year was really about how we are 2022, and then we essentially align with the customer base that we would look ahead to 2023 as we were entering the new year and see what types of pricing levels were appropriate to continue to mitigate those impacts. And so as you can imagine, we'll have those discussions here as we enter the new year about the pricing and cost environment.
Kevin Nowlan: A couple of things on the on the question about R&D, they were really only guiding at the moment to the eProducts-elated R&D, which we are seeing an increase in investment that we're choosing to make of $60 million to $70 million. the overall R&D budget, I'll say, the foundational R&D is just being managed in totality with the way that we manage the profitability of those foundational businesses. As it relates to EV, the trajectory of profitability. As you see the growth that we're generating this year and the incremental margin that we're generating on that revenue growth this year, 2/3 of which comes from our eProduct portfolio you can see that the growth in contribution margin is effectively outpacing the growth in the eProducts related to R&D, which means that 2023, we are seeing improving profitability coming from that portfolio in totality, and continue to believe that we're on track that as we exit 23 and added to the beginning of '24, that portfolio is approaching breakeven.
Kevin Nowlan: That's correct. I mean pricing is not a net tailwind in that -- effectively that organic growth number as you look at the 2023 guide.
Kevin Nowlan: I think as I was just mentioning to Emmanuel, it's essentially unchanged. I mean we think last year and heading into the beginning of this year was really the inflection point of the business from an electrification standpoint. We leaned forward pretty significantly last year with a $150-plus million step-up in eProducts related to R&D. And now as we head into 2023 and you're seeing all that EV-related revenue growth coming through and the contribution coming on that revenue growth that contribution margin growth this year is outpacing the growth in eProducts R&D and continues to put us on pace, as I mentioned, to Emmanuel for us to be approaching breakeven as we exit '23 and enter the beginning of 2024.
Kevin Nowlan: I'm not going to provide any more color on that at this point. And we're still on target to execute the spin in late 2023. And as we approach the spin-off date, get closer to that, you should expect that both companies are going to hold investor days, at which point in time we'll provide more clarity around the financial outlook and capital structures of both businesses.  But the overall concept is as it relates to both NewCo and BorgWarner on a go-forward basis that we're going to continue to maintain moderate levels of leverage in a way that supports the ability of both companies to execute their respective strategies.
Kevin Nowlan: I think -- I mean, the way to think about it, we exited 2022 at a level of pricing from the supply base and pricing with the customers that we think is likely going to continue at or around that level heading into 2023. And that's effectively what's underlying the guide.
Kevin Nowlan: I think the spillover effect is what I mentioned with respect to my comments about the potential volatility in margins in Q1, as we exited -- as we negotiated with our customers in 2022, the focus was really on how we make sure that we're recovering a fair share of the inflationary impacts we were seeing in 2022. And as we head into 2023, we would discuss with our customers and our suppliers, the extent to which some of those pricing increases need to continue to offset the inflationary environment. And so we could see a little bit of choppiness in Q1 as we go through some of those discussions. But overall, our outlook for the full year is that we don't expect to see a material impact from the net pricing environment on a year-over-year basis relative to '22.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. That's fair to say, Rod. I mean, what we've disclosed to date is that the biggest impact we see is really on the material cost inflation side and the net impact on our P&L on material costs from last year, the cost net of recoveries from customers was about $90 million of headwind. But obviously, we have other productivity issues that we're managing through from a labor, freight and other things.
Kevin Nowlan: No. I think that's the key point. We price all of these programs so that on a stand-alone basis, they're profitable, as we've mentioned in the past, that what makes the e-business a little bit different than some of our other businesses, our foundational businesses today is that to drive the revenue growth in these product categories, we have to invest a lot in upfront, eProducts-related R&D. And so that provides an overhang to the in-year margins any given year.  And you see that this year, even in our '23 guide. We have good levels of conversion that we're pretty happy with. But we're continuing to invest another $60 million to $70 million to support new business wins 3, 4 and 5 years out. And so as long as we continue to see the prospects for growth in this business, we're going to continue to invest in the eProducts related to R&D to make sure that we have long-term viable business here. And again, as long as those programs are all individually meeting our ROIC targets on a stand-alone basis, we're very happy to continue to invest in that R&D.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, because of the acceleration we're seeing in the revenue in Akasol, as Fred mentioned, even up through '25, we are accelerating some of the investments that we're making both in Europe and North America related to that business. And then we're also seeing part of the increase in capital expenditure on a year-over-year basis related to our other electrification businesses on the light vehicle side. So definitely a contributor. And as it relates to North America, we're looking at the tax credits and how those might apply to us from a production standpoint as we go through '23 and beyond.
Kevin Nowlan: I mean there's some of that, making sure that we understand any clarifications that need to be had, but we're pursuing the credits that we think were -- that are available to us based on the production that we are executing here in the United States.
Frederic Lissalde: Yes, Colin, the outgrowth next year is -- you're right around midpoint of 8%, and we're very proud of that. About 2/3 of it is be products and other products for plug-in hybrids. So next year, we'll be between $1.5 billion to $1.8 billion of fuel BEV revenue which is approaching 10% of our revenue. I'm very proud about this acceleration.
Frederic Lissalde: Not at all. This confirms that we are on track, marching towards our target of $4.5 billion of fuel BEV revenue in 2025. And you see a 2x increase this year versus prior year, and that's pretty much part of the plan.
Frederic Lissalde: R&D side, as Kevin mentioned, we expect to be up again this year year-over-year. We're also looking at a lot of R&D efficiency on the combustion side. And I think we expect that long -- midterm the R&D is going to stay between 5% and 5.5% of revenue, working in not constraining the growth but also making sure that we're doing the right thing on the foundation and products.
Frederic Lissalde: Yes. I would say if you look at 23, the ICE products, whether in pure combustion powertrain or in hybrid powertrain or our positive contributor to the outgrowth. So we see still a lot of pull from the market for our energy-efficient ICE types of products.
Frederic Lissalde: So John, maybe I start and turn it over to Kevin. The EV products that we are booking announcing are going through the same ROIC threshold at appropriation request processes than any other products. And so the ROIC program by program use there. There's no doubt about that. Not from a timing standpoint, I'd turn it over to Kevin…
Frederic Lissalde: John, our product leadership and scale in the foundational product is very, very strong. And I would say the margin will remain top quartile and strong as you've seen in the past. Also, don't forget that the foundational products that we have an impact on our EV growth and one of the announcements that we made this morning around the battery cooling plates is a great example of that. We're leveraging product foundational know-how with cooler applications in the world of combustion. We are leveraging processes, know-how around brazing around leakage control from our proving technology into the battery cooling plate. So this is a great example of losing foundational know-how to create a new organically developed product for the EV world.
Frederic Lissalde: John, we are approaching breakeven. Is it end of '23? Is it beginning '24? I mean it's tough to say. But it is absolutely clear that now the turning point both from a revenue and a path to breakeven, that's absolutely pretty visible.
Frederic Lissalde: Look, the two voltages will leave and have a space in the market. 800 volts leads to a few efficiency improvements, but also comes with additional features and cost and we believe that depending on the end application, the vehicle type and the price point that OE wants to set the vehicle and both technologies will remain active. And what we're doing at BorgWarner is really focusing on the module design of those inverters so that we have building blocks depending on level of voltages or silicon, silicon carbide level of output necessary so that we are using a modular approach that will be pretty agnostic to the voltages.
Frederic Lissalde: So very, I think with the fact that we've secured a corridor of supply that is pretty significant and can meet our expectations going forward and our fast growth, 2 points. One, this supply agreement is not exclusive meaning we can work with other silicon carbide supplier should we want, but also if our OEM want us to work with other silicon carbide suppliers, the door is absolutely open, too. So I think we secured a significant capacity corridor, but we also have the ability to be flexible to decide who we work with down the road.
Frederic Lissalde: Yes. So first, what I would say that, first, in the commercial vehicle side, where we are really active from a battery pack manufacturer standpoint, we see cylindrical as the mainstream. In pass car, where we won that business with a major German OEM, we have different technologies that will be in the marketplace. What we've created here is focused on cylindrical. I've got to comment on the applicability to other technologies. But to answer your question simply on CV, which is cylindrical cooling mainstream and on the different views. Again, different technologies will be hitting the market, and they all have their pros and cons.
Frederic Lissalde: The only thing that I would add, I mean, those battery cooling plates for those types of battery architecture, are generating a pretty significant market opportunity, and we estimate that market opportunity to be around $3.5 billion in 2028 already. So it's not as significant.
Frederic Lissalde: No. I would say to the contrary, I see accelerate program, a tremendous focus on management, both sides, OE and Tier 1 to launch. And also, as I mentioned in prior calls, when we book a program a few months after, we're talking about capacity increase. What we see, though, is that also from the customer side, what we see is that they want partner with someone who can be impactful on the east side but also on the foundational side so that we pivot together.
Frederic Lissalde: No. It's simple. We have multiple customer awards for us higher volume from our core customers, and that's leading to Akasol moving slightly -- from under slightly $300 million last year to about $1 billion in 2025. And the impact that you see this year is part of that glide path. And we're very pleased with our inverted role too and also very pleased on our motor or other wins across the portfolio. But on cases, about $1 billion already in 2025.
Frederic Lissalde: The semiconductor availability is still alive, unfortunately. And I would say, to answer your question, it's more capped from a supply availability standpoint and from a demand standpoint in 2023.
Frederic Lissalde: No, we've obviously talk to almost all our customers, and they understand. And we're actually happy to see those two strong companies being able to execute their own respective strategy and be happy with all with the announced spin-off. There's no noise from that are nil.
