Frederic Lissalde: I think it's both, John. We asked to adjust our cost structure to the latest industry evolutions, and we then are going to focus on our growth and also make sure that our operating margin evolutions are in line with what we've announced and what we committed to. So it's both, John. It's absolutely both. So we're taking a company-wide view to reduce the cost structure. And at the end of the day, the pool is there from our customers, and we see growth potential that require R&D. I think those two things have to be done, and we're doing it. We're executing it, and we'll execute it. And that's going to be good for profitable growth for the company.
Frederic Lissalde: No, your logic is correct. The R&D would be up a little more than that, and that would be topping 2020, 2021. Don't consider that the R&D that is currently at 4.1% of sales in 2019 is going to change. And also the margin profile expectations are going to be unchanged.
Frederic Lissalde: So one is related to R&D timing. We have Q4 R&D, which is $10 million to $20 million lower than Q2. And also you have a stronger growth in the second half of the year which is linked to stronger backlog and demand of our products for Europe and North America, but also in the second half of the year, and we see that starting in Q2 in China.
Frederic Lissalde: So our midpoint to European production is estimated at a little bit less than -- let's say, down more than 3%. And to give you an idea, on the supplier side, we consider that the bankruptcy costs and everything that we have to go through is about $5 million a quarter.
Frederic Lissalde: Which is the supplier bankruptcies started last year. So there's $5 million of growth that we'll start lapping in the second half.
Frederic Lissalde: So you're right. But again, when you look at our European backlog, you need to factor back about 10% of our overall backlog linked to the diesel mix. And the other thing that you're going to see longer term is that I think you're going to see a very, very positive push for hybrid propulsion architecture post 2020. This is also one of the reasons why you've got an acceleration of the backlog in 2020 linked to those new launches.
Frederic Lissalde: Well, yes. I mean, we have technologies from a hybrid perspective that are being pulled by our customers in different architecture, in different regions of the world, especially in China and in Europe. At this point in time, we're winning advanced hybrids in Europe. And we'll just ask -- we're focusing on the long-term profitable growth. The returns are going to be good, and we need to deliver.
Frederic Lissalde: You're right. It's essentially more at new business development application type R&D than, how would you call that, advanced R&D.
Frederic Lissalde: So for Q2 regional production for the industry is pretty much North America, slightly down; Europe, down more than 5%; China, down double-digit. And overall, on the global, both on a weighted average, we're pretty much down around 5%.
Frederic Lissalde: So when you look at commercial vehicle, our business in commercial vehicle represents about 12% of our revenue. And it's very, very -- we have about 1/3 of that revenue in the U.S., 1/3 in Europe and 1/3 in China and Brazil, China being 2/3 of that last 1/3. And we have 60% of our business which is on-road and 40% off-road construction agriculturals. So this business is very, very wide and very spread. And our hypothesis is going into forecasting and is that we are considering it by default flat because of that complexity. So don't attach a Class 8 North America market or industry volume to us. We're way more complex than this.
Frederic Lissalde: Okay. Chris, until 2020, 100% of the business is booked. And the stuff that we're booking right now is past backlog period. It's 2021, 2022. And yes, it's going to be around advanced hybrid. Most of those programs are going to be advanced hybrid, 48-volts and higher voltages, a variety of products.
Frederic Lissalde: Well, shorter term, we can react. If we have the program, we can react. And if they want more volume, we'll react, and we can react pretty fast. The impact of the additional R&D is certainly past 2020.. And, yes, that's what I was saying.
Frederic Lissalde: Chris, the way we see it is it that in Europe, for the second half of the year, the market's going to be pretty flat year-over-year. And our hypothesis is that, yes, you're going to -- our customers are going to go through RDE as they went through WLTP last year. And that's our assumption going into the second half of the year.
Frederic Lissalde: Yes. So in Q1, we guided with no outgrowth to market, and we are effectively outgrowing the market by about 200 basis points. Two major drivers: one is Europe Engine business slightly better; North America, also slightly better. And China was in line, which means no outgrowth.
Frederic Lissalde: So in China, things did not bounce. In China, we were, as I said, in line with our expectations going into Q1. Europe was the driver.
Frederic Lissalde: We really look at hybrid as an addressable content. And we have, from a hybrid perspective, we have our P2 hybrids. We have P1. We have P3. We have motors. We have -- and past the backlog, we will have power and electric. So it's very difficult to put a number on the combustion side of hybrid or the electric part of hybrid. What is true and what's driving growth, and that's why electrification is great for this company, is that the more advanced hybrid you get, the higher content of vehicle you're going to get from BorgWarner. And that's why electrification accelerates our growth.
Frederic Lissalde: So as I said, it's a company-wide view, but the largest share is going to be into the engine side. That's where we have to pick, as you saw some of the too heavy decremental. Corporate also will contribute. So we look at it from a holistic approach in order to get that done.
Frederic Lissalde: I think it's just too early in the year. The volatility in the market is still here in pretty much all the regions. And I think it's just -- we think it's just too early.
Frederic Lissalde: So the assumption on diesel is that for this year, we assume a 300 basis point shift from last year. And what we also see is that there might be a little bit of a reduction in decreases quarter-over-quarter, 300 basis points down from prior year.
Frederic Lissalde: No, that's -- we see no changes at all from our allowance cadence on that electric vehicle propulsion in China. The EV pool is still very strong.
Frederic Lissalde: The timing's still being worked out, but it's going to be over the 2 years. We're still working it out, but all of those actions for those savings will be in place by the end of 2020.
Frederic Lissalde: So the market is stabilizing from the current run rate. Now what we see is the next generation of new programs -- next generation of our new programs in China. And we see schedules for those new programs starting -- accelerating, starting in Q2. But from a market standpoint, we're not thinking that the market is going to recover.
Thomas McGill: Yes. So with the tariffs, we've talked about that being up to maybe $10 million a quarter, and that will continue through Q2. And then come Q3, that year-over-year comparison, the tariffs will be in both. So again, a little bit in Q2, but by Q3, the year-over-year will even out. For the supplier bankruptcies, yes, that will continue in Q3 and probably through the year, but we'll see that coming down in Q3 and Q4, especially on a comparable basis.
Thomas McGill: Yes. So this is Tom. So in Engine, well, we have tariffs that impacted both Engine and Drivetrain. In Engine, the supplier bankruptcies in Europe that we talked about were primarily in the Engine Group. And then it was just kind of the launch timing and then the lower volumes that also contributed.
Thomas McGill: Right. So I kind of just have the same answer there. We have the $100 million guidance, but we do potentially look at opportunistically buying back more depending on other uses of cash like for potential acquisitions and other things. So some we continue to look at and we'll be opportunistic with.
Thomas McGill: Yes. So for that, it's still at that $20 million. There's very little impact for us with those three. But again, $20 million, $10 million in the quarter in Q1 and 2. And by Q3 and four, that will be in both years.
