James Verrier: Yes, I think, Rich, what I would say is, let me try and take it this way with you. So as we started out the year, we – obviously, we had a lot of launches and what have you and the approach we took was sort of – build some judgment into the launch cadence, right, by the timing and volume and then, obviously, we have factored in some macros.  So I am getting confidence, if you look at the first couple of quarters, where we’ve gone through other launches around the world. Clearly, the second half is a little more weighted, as I sit here today, I feel, we’ve done a pretty good job of factoring in the launch cadences as we see today.  So, it’s never perfect right, you don’t know, but I think we’ve continued that mantra of applying some judgment to the both - the timing and the volume ramp. And I think as we sit here today, we are as good as we can build in terms of forecasting it up.
James Verrier: Yes, I think, again if I think of it in the first half, second half, Rich, as a good example, actually the first quarter we talked about VW run light in China, you remember that, but that is tough timing in China. But in the second quarter in China, we anticipated some challenges there and we still delivered. So again, it gives me some comfort and I think it’s fair to say, we’ve built in some judgment factor here about whether it’s VW market share, whether it’s volume ramps and I think at this stage we feel pretty well covered by it. 
James Verrier: Yes, I think you captured it really well, Rich actually, it’s very modest changes. The only thing that’s a little different us, it was – obviously the truck comp mix is a little different in North America, so that kind of moves things around in our company to look at their overall fleet averages. But fundamentally, I mean, the standards are not changing of any note, have you. I would say the pull for the types of technologies that we have to deliver on those standards is as strong as it was six months, twelve months or eighteen months ago. So we are not seeing any pullback at all in terms of these iron drives for the types of technologies that we have and I think our best guess is we engage with EPA and others is, there could be some nuancing and some modest minor tweaks to the standards. But we have not seen anything material enough that changed the direction of the OEMs and what we are doing with them. 
James Verrier: Yes, I think, you are right, we will do our net new business update as we go into January. So it’s a few months away. If we reflect back on the current backlog of net new business, we – this year it was a mid single-digit type growth and as you can see so far we delivering against that. So that gives us comfort. It stepped up just a little into 2017 and 2018, but still in that mid single-digit range. And I think, we will give a lot more color as we get closer to it. But, I don’t think there has been any material shifts to sway us away from sustained mid single-digit growth at least for the next couple of years. So that’s typically how I think about it Adam.
James Verrier: Yes, I think, you are right. First of all the second quarter was a good quarter for Europe in general pretty much across the board with most of the OEMs, it was a good solid quarter.  But I would characterize year-to-date it’s been actually stable and good in Europe. I would say from a post-Brexit perspective, we anticipate, I think like everybody else that the UK car production itself will have some impact as we go forward into 2017 and 2018. From a BorgWarner perspective our UK content is very small.  How much of that then will flow into Europe in general, I think we need a little more time. I think everybody needs to kind of digest that. So we are watching it and I think it’s a little early from a – how does it impact Europe in general. I would tell you we’ve not seen any impact thus far in schedules and relationships and those types of things.  So, I think it’s going to be more of a 2017 type event and a 2016 event for Europe and the UK will trim itself up, but again that’s – but that 1% of our revenue is in the UK. So, we feel pretty good where we are at right now. 
James Verrier: The way I would articulate it Brian is, the way we have been modeling for our business was, sequentially a step-down in the second half of the year versus the first half of the year.  So that’s how we had modeled it. I think it’s fair to say, through the first half of the year, we had modeled might be a little lighter than customer relations and schedules and as you see we’ve done well in the first couple of quarters. So I think, we are pretty well aligned at this stage.  Obviously, inventory adjustments and those things can be a little choppy and can create some noise, but I think, thus far we’ve done a pretty nice job of anticipating and modeling in a pretty – in a balanced way, Brian, is the way I would characterize it.
James Verrier: Yes, I can give you a couple of thoughts here. So, if you look at what – our business and let’s focus a little bit on North America, because I think that’s really where the majority of the action is here. So, if you look at what our percentage is there, it’s high single-digit of our total company.  So, rough numbers, you can think of all of BorgWarner with Ford in North America maybe about an $800 million, $900 million revenue number for the year. So half of that’s gone, right. So we are talking about a 400-ish number in the second half. I said that, earlier that, sequentially we are at a little lower, so you south the $400 million in the second half of the year.  So let’s just play that out and maybe that moves down a little bit based on some inventory true up, what are you, $20 million, $30 million, $40 million type of a number for our things. So it’s important for us. We are not dismissing it, but it’s also scaleable and manageable from a BorgWarner point of view.  It’s the way I would think of it. Specifically on the Super Duty, as Ron alluded to earlier, it’s important to recognize that’s conquest business for us. So, we go from zero to whatever. But our view is, at this stage is, we’ve been following the schedules from Ford pretty well and we anticipate a good second of the year on Super Duty. 
James Verrier: Yes, now that’s good thought. We’ve – I think, we’ve factored in overall a very low growth environment at all for commercial vehicle. We’ve built in a pretty low Class-8 build for the North America and so that’s a pretty strained area.  I would say, a low to no growth environment in China and continued weakness around all highway pretty much globally and then a little bit of a growth in Europe over the road. And then Brazil remaining very challenged.  So that’s kind of what we are saying and I would say for us, what we’ve seen in the first half of the year is, commercial vehicle is coming pretty much where we had anticipated for both Q1 and Q2. So I don’t, and those have been some choppy orders. So I wouldn’t expect this to be far off as we look into Q3 and Q4. 
James Verrier: Yes, that was what we just discussed this previously. SG&A costs will sequentially probably tick up. So that will probably bit more incremental margins more into – what I would call the normal range for us, which is mid-teens. So that’s what’s driving that is the SG&A spend sequentially.
James Verrier: Yes, this is James, let me take a shot at that for you. I think, obviously, you will see quarters bounce around a little bit. Sometimes we are a little up in – higher in Drivetrains, sometimes it’s Engine, it moves around a little bit. But in terms of why Engine was a little lower than some of our historical quarters, you are right, commercial vehicle was clearly a factor that only applies for our Engines segment.  There is no commercial vehicle revenue in Drivetrain. So that was a key weight for us. I would say the other area that weight a little bit on us is China where some of our larger customers in China, so I am talking about Volkswagen, I am talking about Great Wall, I am talking about Ford and GM. I had pretty low growth quarters if you aggregate those four, actually it was no growth.  So, that weighed more on Engine than Drivetrain as well. And those are two of the biggest things. It doesn’t really concern us, as I say, because we do have bounces from quarter-to-quarter. So, I think it’s explainable and it’s kind of frankly speaking what we had anticipated in our guide. 
James Verrier: Yes, that’s actually a good summary. As Ron alluded to, there is always a little noise around shutdowns. That obviously plays its part, but we feel we’ve got that pretty balanced and as I said earlier, I think the UK referendum impact will play itself out over the coming months and probably even into next year. So, yes, I think, you captured that pretty well. 
James Verrier: Okay, Brett. That’s happy to talk about that. So, let me talk a little bit about sources of growth for Remy. I think that was kind of your key question. I would encourage you and the investors to think of two channels of growth, first for Remy.  First, channel of growth is primarily through their existing off-the-shelf technology for vehicles and applications that are in service today. What I mean by that is selling more belt alternator starters, starters and motors and generators to than they shell today.  And what I mean by channels is on light vehicle, today they ship to Hyundai and General Motors and that’s it and we see you leveraging the BorgWarner channels and the BorgWarner Relationships.  But there is no reason on the planet why we come installing starters and alternators and belt alternator starter systems through other customers beyond their current. And regionally, they have almost no presence in Europe and clearly Borg has a big presence, so that’s a regional play where we can accelerate our European relationships to grow what I would describe, Brett, as their core existing product line business.  So that’s a source of growth for us that we will leverage. And you would anticipate that can be done in a shorter horizon only because this quoting activity today and we have product to put on those vehicles. So that’s the first source of growth. The second source of growth is where you are alluding to is to help take us further into electrification and there is a number of potential opportunities there.  First of all, they have the motor technology that you could use either in a hybrid vehicle or a pure electric vehicle and that’s the traction motor of sorts that we can use. The second path for them is to combine the rotating electrics of the motor coupled together with our clutching technology to offer hybrid vehicle solutions, where we need to bring together the motor and the clutching technology.  So we can offer engagement or disengagement between the motor and the combustion engine. We have product on the shelf to do that today and we are quoting that activity. The third leg of opportunistic growth is the more advanced starter – belt alternator starter systems that will emerge as a lead for stop-start technology and hybrid technology and Remy has a number of products in that space that we will be pushing forward on to hybrid applications.  The last area I would say just in general they bring motor technology that helps us on other product applications, so if you think of – I talked about earlier about an e-booster technology, which is the turbo charger with a boosting device compressor device, it requires power electronics and motor know how, Remy can bring that knowledge to us.  All of that said, Brett, so where does that all translates to into dollars of growth? We are working our way through that. But there is certainly absolutely no reason why Remy wouldn’t grow at least at BorgWarner levels. You got to give us a little bit of time to lay that out for you in terms of cadence and pull all of that together and we’ll get through that over the next few months.  So what we are going to do, Brett is, we’ll use this September day to showcase the technology for you and some of the – and what we are dong on it and then we’ll pull all of that together in the January net new business to lay out for you what the next three years of growth looks like from – for Remy both from conventional products and the combination products with BorgWarner products. Hopefully, that helps you a little bit.
James Verrier: Yes, John, so, Super Duty first thing, that’s kind of good to know is it’s – so this is conquest for us. We got – so it’s zero. So you should probably think in the $400 to $500 range of content for us on that vehicle. It’s probably a good reference point, John.
James Verrier: Depends – it’s less than the F-150. If you think of the F-150 with all of our stuff on, transfer case, turbocharger, some variable cam timing product, you are kind of getting up kind of 2x versus the Super Duty. But it does depend a little bit obviously not all F-150s take a transfer case. So – but directionally, it’s - F-150 is meaningfully higher than on content for us versus the Super Duty. 
James Verrier: I’ll take M&A pipeline first if you wish and then Ron can make some comments relative to the stock buyback program. So, M&A we’ve talked about in recent calls, our primary focus obviously is to do successful integration of Remy. That’s our priority one. You heard from Ron and both – Ron and myself that that’s playing out well and as expected.  So, that’s kind of moving along well. We remain active and very interested in additional M&A activities. I’ve alluded in earlier calls that our primary focus is around electronic software, power electronics type place and we have a number of things moving forward in that space and then other areas of interest as we’ve talked in prior calls around valvetrain and we’ve also talked about boosting our thermal management capabilities.  So, yes, we remain active and if a deal is there for us, we would move forward. But again, priority one is successful integration of Remy. Relative to buybacks, Ron can give a clear format.
Ron Hundzinski: A good example Adam, just if you take a look at Drivetrain segment, which is nearly 30% incremental margins. There is a portion in there of the restructuring activities benefit that we are getting. So, when you go to a comparable basis, eventually year-over-year, that’s going to moderate back to a normal mid teen type of incremental margins. I think we expect a little bit of that still in this year, but as we go into next year is when you start to see it moderate. I think the Engine segment at 20 was actually a better performance probably we anticipate it going in, just a great job. Our target still is mid-teens, but I think the majority of that really was the benefits of the restructuring cost year-over-year 
Ron Hundzinski: So let’s talk about the Drivetrain incremental margins for the second quarter first, okay. If you look at – I’ll go back to Slide 10, you get this 29% incremental margin which is about $10 million, probably little bit less than half of that is because of the tailwinds that we are having for the full year from the restructuring activities, so it will cost $4 million for example.  So, that’s the benefit we are getting from the restructuring. If you take a look at the full year guidance, you can see $15 million roughly. I think we are $7 million year-to-date of restructuring tailwinds. So, we had about two I think it was in the first or something, sort of remaining in the second quarter.  That’s going to continue through the rest of the year. We will get that other 7, say rounding numbers here through the rest of the year and now the third quarter might be a little bit tougher, but the fourth quarter will get that through the year. I think we are on track in that range that we have for tailwinds. So that’s Drivetrain, okay, which the best, we are on track.  Now, the other issue that we are dealing with is the year-over-year, I mentioned in my script that we took some cost controls primarily in SG&A last year, when we saw some difficulties in the macro environment we are facing.  So some of this SG&A spending is going to come back in the second half of the year, specifically, probably in the corporate spending rates will uptick about few million bucks here and there in the next two quarters. So that’s what you are going to see going forward sequentially in the SG&A side, primarily in the corporate.
Ron Hundzinski: Yes, Rich, I mean, sorry Brian, and actually what I would say Brian, good observation, because it is a wide range and it’s there intentionally for several factors. First, James mentioned, our launch cadence. There is a lot of still uncertainty on the launch cadence. We are comfortable with our guidance as far as the range, but they could swing fairly wildly because, some of it is new conquest business, it’s not carryover business.  So those have a significant impact on us. The second item is, we are going through the third quarter where you have customer shutdowns and although they say one thing, they may behave another way and it could be – that could be plus or minus. There is uncertainty on shutdowns.  And then the third, I would like to point out, James talked about, just the general uncertainty, a good example is Ford this morning in their announcement and then James gave all the macro political issues going on. So when you factor in auto variability we kept the range wide quite frankly, because there is a lot of variability going on right now. 
Ron Hundzinski: All right, there is two topics here. One is, the Drivetrain segment will continue to get tailwinds from the restructuring activities that we did. If you look at the full year guidance from tailwinds, the majority of that tailwind is Drivetrain related.  And we haven’t seen all those benefits yet go through Drivetrain. So we will continue in the Drivetrain segment on the tailwinds. Now when you step back and it’s the total company, what’s often it offset that a little bit is probably SG&A spending that’s coming into the business.  So you have two dynamics going on. One is Drivetrain benefits tailwind, somewhat offset by SG&A spending coming back on a comparable basis. 
Ron Hundzinski: That line item doesn’t really move that much. It fluctuates, what $1 million to $2 million historically, although it’s been trending up over time. I wouldn’t put a lot of focus on that line item.  It’s been a little bit ball – there is other things that come into play, FX comes into play and the production of those areas. But I would say that in general, if you are going to have a bias I guess, from that line item I would bias it maybe to the positive side at the end of the day.
Ron Hundzinski: Right, that’s I was referring to the FX impact. So, you can see favorable impacts from Japan, but the one is softer a little bit. So they get somewhat upset. So there is a lot of variability up and down in that item and it doesn’t really move that much.  The underlying production for us has been fairly positive. But it gets more offset by the FX variability quite frankly is what happens. So as you are trying to model it, what I would do is I would just try to model it where it’s been and it’s biased maybe to the positive side.
Ron Hundzinski: Yes, obviously, the Remy performance second versus first quarter has improved almost about 100 basis points, which is quite frankly, was what we expected given the synergies that we talked about when we did the acquisition. So, long story short, I would say, John, we are pretty much on track on executing those synergies right now. 
Ron Hundzinski: I would say, John, really no meaningful change. I mean, not to the labor, products and environment is always competitive, it’s tough. But we are not seeing any movement there.  I think I alluded earlier, John, maybe in terms of quoting activity, we are not seeing that tail-off or anything like that. R&D reviews, technology programs, advanced engineering programs, all pretty much continuing on as is so to speak. So, yes, we are not seeing any meaningful shift to your question.
Ron Hundzinski: Yes, buybacks, real quick. Our guidance for the year was $200 million to $300 million. If you took a look at our year-to-date, which is about $180 million. Obviously, I would say that we are into the high end of our guidance range right now where we are trending and short.
