Ken Lamb: Thank you, Michelle. Good morning and thank you, all, for joining us. We issued our earnings release this morning at approximately 8 a.m. Eastern Time, it's posted on our website, borgwarner.com, on our homepage. A replay of today's conference call will be available through May 2. The dial-in number for the replay is (800) 585-8367. You'll need the confidence ID, which is 29703435. The replay will also be available on our website. With regard to our Investor Relations calendar, we will be attending a number of conferences over the next few months. May 8, we'll be at the Wells Fargo Industrials Conference in New York; May 22, we will be at the Barclays Americas Select Conference in London; May 30, we'll be at the KeyBanc Conference in Boston; and on June 12, we'll be at the Deutsche Bank Industrial Conference in Chicago. Before we begin, I need to inform you that during this call, we may make forward-looking statements, which involve risks and uncertainties as detailed in our 10-Q. Our actual results may differ significantly from the matters discussed today. Now moving onto our results. James Verrier, President and CEO, will comment on first quarter results and current industry trends; and then Ron Hundzinski, our CFO, will discuss the details of our operating results and also our outlook for 2013. With that, I'll turn the call over to James.
Ken Lamb: Itay, this is Ken. I'm going to make the answer that's a little bit long and make it a little bit longer, and talk about some of the numbers. We looked at this and -- if you take Q1 and multiply it by 4 and then adjust Q3 for normal seasonality, that still gets you down someplace between 3% and 4%. So we're not actually looking for or expecting a recovery in Europe in the second half and we still feel comfortable with our guidance despite that.
Ken Lamb: Chris, this is Ken. We don't have a specific number for you. But as you know, the backlog is probably a little bit weighted towards the second half of the year. We've talked about that before. And generally the comment is that it's on track for what our expectations are.
Ken Lamb: I'd like to thank you all for joining us. We expect to file our 10-Q before the end of the day, which will provide details of our results. If you have any follow-up questions about our earnings release, the matters discussed during this call or our 10-Q, please direct them to me. Michelle, please close out the call.
James R. Verrier: Yes. Good morning, Rich. We took a look at that, and so far, as we've looked at the year, it's about on track to where we would be expected to be at. You make get a few programs that may move a little up, a little down. But in a general level, the overall amount in the quarter that we would have been looking for to keep it on track was pretty much in line. And as we look out, we still feel pretty comfortable about how the backlog is tracking thus far. But to your point with the quarter behind us, it was good to say and pretty much confirm what we would want to say, Rich.
James R. Verrier: Yes, it was. And if you remember when we did it -- last year when we set the backlog back in November, one of the things that we talked through and bridged from the prior view was there would be some mix adjustments, as well as the overall market conditions, that's what we talked about, I think, last November. And it's pretty much what we saw come through and play out in the first quarter. So on track, Rich, is kind of where we see it so far.
James R. Verrier: I wouldn't draw that conclusion, Rich. Is probably the way I would phrase it. I think the way I would look at it is, our CapEx spend is very consistent with what we've typically done over time. I think this share authorization is somewhat typical of what we've done, and so I think we're continuing on that. And what we've said over the recent months is we continue to, very openly, look at a dividend. So I wouldn't conclude, Rich, based on the today's news on the share repurchase that the dividend is off the table that remains very much on the table for discussion within the company, very much so.
James R. Verrier: Yes, Ravi, this is James. The issue with the agreement is we've signed some confidentiality agreements, both with our supply base and with our customers. It doesn't allow us to share any detail around the program itself. So unfortunately, I can't offer color on that. I will say, it was not in the backlog. I can confirm that it was not in the backlog. But the details, Ravi, in terms of program, region, group, segment, I'm just not allowed to do that. So...
James R. Verrier: Yes, just to clarify, Ravi, BorgWarner was not impacted by that. We were not on that particular program. What we talked about on the last call is we want to respect Volkswagen's perspective. It's really their issue, obviously, for them to comment on publicly. But we did want to clarify the technology they used on those applications is not BorgWarner product or BorgWarner technology, so we're not involved.
James R. Verrier: Ravi, the only -- from a light vehicle perspective, they were all the same region by region. The commercial vehicle globally stayed the same. We just had a little bit of a down -- a little bit of a lesser view on China. And we felt a bit more comfortable about the upside this year in Brazil. So those were little bit of nuances underneath the macro level. And then on light vehicle, it was the same as our prior guidance.
James R. Verrier: Yes, Itay, it's a great question and we -- let me just talk a little bit about how the first quarter itself played out from our view. As the quarter started running, we -- it was pretty good and we felt, I'd say, incrementally more comfortable about our view of the market for the year in Europe on light vehicle. And as the quarter came to an end and we started turning into April, it was little less exciting, I'll put it that way. So as we look out, we look at schedules, which are pretty decent through at least 45 to 60 days, that gives us comfort of what we'd see. And we feel pretty comfortable with the 3% down. The only thing I would say is, could that get incrementally a little worse? We're always paying a lot of attention to that. Could it be 4% down? Could it be 5% down? I think those are possible. It's possible. And the only thing that -- I think I've said in the past, Itay, is if it drifts to 4% or it drifts to 5%, we're ready for it and we've got the levers necessary to pull, and we will, to deliver the type of financial performance that you've become accustomed to with global NSO. It's a long answer, Itay. It's still a little shaky. It's still not as settled as any of us would like it to be. But we feel as good as we can about the 3%, but we're always paying a lot of attention. It could be 4% or 5%. And if that happens, we're ready.
James R. Verrier: Yes. It was -- in a nutshell, Itay, it was good. It was a strong quarter for us in terms of booking. And I would say pretty much in line with our historical performance, both in the ratio of the programs we won and we didn't win and from a dollars[ph] point of view. It was another, another solid, solid, solid quarter for us in terms of the booking. It was good.
James R. Verrier: Yes. Yes, I can, John. If you think of this as European direct workforce -- and I'll talk to you about the percentage of those workers that were temporary versus not temporary. If I go back about a year ago, so early part of 2012, to your point, we were running probably mid-20s percentage of direct worker -- temps. As we went through the year, we ended up roughly around 15-ish percent as we closed out 2013. And where we're sitting right now is a little north of that. So we're somewhere between 15% and 20% of our workers in Europe, direct to temps. And part of that is that move from the end of the year to where we are is, sequentially, our sales went up from 4 to 1 and we did that by adding more temporary workers as we did that. So it kind of gets to the point earlier, we feel good about the flexibility that we've got if there is a little bit of drift down beyond where we are in Europe.
James R. Verrier: A little less, John. A little less. But still healthy in our view. That 15% to 20% range is good for us.
James R. Verrier: It's pretty unusual, for us, John. And certainly of this magnitude, it's very unusual for us. So, yes, it's unusual, especially at this size.
James R. Verrier: I think, Chris, inventory visibility is a challenge for all of us, especially in Europe specifically. It's just a lot less visible than so many places like the U.S. So there's a little bit of guesswork there. I would go back to the point that Ken and I discussed earlier, though, and I think this is pretty key for us. We're not planning on -- we weren't planning on a big uptick in the second half of the year indicating a significant recovery in Europe. We see -- when we compare the first half to the second half, there's not much of an adjustment at all at a market level. So I think that's the important thing. What we do in absence of the inventory lack of visibility, to put it that way, Chris, is we really focus heavily on our schedules. And as I said earlier, they're holding up pretty robustly, in line with what we thought as we've started into the second quarter, and what we saw in the first quarter.
James R. Verrier: Brett, this is James. I think -- I'll say it this way. After a really solid first quarter, as you point out, just -- it really helps. When you actually get over that 11.5% out of the shoot in your first quarter, it's a really -- it's a good feeling in terms of how you feel about the rest of the year. I think just some of the uncertainty that is still out there in Europe, it's pretty significant. I mean, that's still 40-plus percent of our business. The commercial vehicle space continues to be a little bit volatile. Those are kind of the 2 things that cause us to just keep monitoring. I would tell you it's less on the operating side. I have a lot of confidence in the[indiscernible] and I think we've showed that in the first quarter. So it's not an executions issue at all. I feel very good about our operational proficiency and our performance. It's more just the uncertainty that overhangs in Europe, light vehicle and commercial vehicle that just -- we kind of want to get another quarter behind us to see how that plays out before we would feel more comfortable. If that make sense to you.
James R. Verrier: I think as I was talking about earlier, the specific inventory levels in Europe are just really -- we don't have that visibility. So again, we focus more on the schedules. I would say, from a BorgWarner point of view, the mix projections that we see, predominately with the luxury vehicles and the higher-ended contented[ph] vehicles, is playing out about what we expected it to be. And maybe I could just add a little bit of color on that. If you go back to the first quarter of 2012, that segment was performing extremely well. As the year played out, particularly in the third and fourth quarters, we sort of pulled back somewhat on the luxury segment, which caught up with the lower-ended contented[ph] vehicles. And the way we're running now and the way we're expecting it to run is for that mix to continue more in line with the second half of 2012. And that's about what we're seeing right now in the first quarter and as we look out to our schedules into the second quarter.
James R. Verrier: It's pretty much stable in that 53% type range for diesel in Europe. So no, no meaningful adjustment there.
James R. Verrier: Yes. Yes, it is. They are definitely moving in that direction collaboratively, as you all know, with that 9- and 10-speed architecture. And BorgWarner is an integral part of working with both Ford and GM on utilizing some of our new technologies to help bring those transmission to the market. So directionally, it's a good move for us.
James R. Verrier: Yes, we see a continued adoption rate. I think we've talked about this where, today, the global number of engines that are turbocharged is around 30% of the world, and that will climb up in the next 5 to 6 years to about a 40% adoption rate. And a lot of that is driven by a couple of things, really. One is, increased turbocharged gasoline engines and that's a global phenomenon. But geographically, the 2 areas that are seeing and getting the biggest growth rates are North America and China. That's where there's particular very high penetration rates over the next 5 to 6 years that get you from the 30% to the 40% penetration growth rate[ph].
James R. Verrier: I think if I got it right, Ryan, you're just asking for kind of outlook view on production volumes? Is that...
James R. Verrier: Okay. Yes. I mean, we're seeing -- what we're seeing from majority of the customers are the schedules are holding up about what we anticipated both in terms of actual volumes and then mix of product. So we're not seeing any meaningful change out of them and its holding up pretty well.
James R. Verrier: Yes. I would say a couple of things, Joe. The intensity and the processing side of the company is in not letting up at all. We're still very pushing that process robustly. We do have a few targets that we're engaged in discussions with, I'll put it that way, that are very -- of high interest to us. So we've got a number of those moving forward. I think you know typically the companies that we're looking for are company's not for sale, they're family owned. So that process is a little bit hard to predict how it would play out in terms of closing a deal or getting the deal over the line. But I would tell you, the intensity's high. The number of targets in play is significant for us. And we're doing all we can, Joe, to bring one of these targets home as quickly as we can.
James R. Verrier: The real quick answer is both, Joe. We very much look at products of technologies that we can bring into the companies that are already in place, so to speak, that we can bolt on and go running with those. So examples of those would typically be the Haldex deal, the ENSA deal that we've done in recent years, and then the Etatech technologies, a good example of the other part of the profile, which is a technology that's yet to be fully developed and brought to the market. So both. Both is where we're looking, Joe.
James R. Verrier: Not significantly, Brian. I - the only trend that I think is pretty meaningful is -- you do see a trend to more localization efforts. And I think that's not driven purely by the yen movement, that's the result of some of the natural disasters that were suffered there. So I think that's a been playing out over the last year or so where we're seeing, particularly in North America, the Japanese OEMs looking to increase local content and I think that's playing out. And that's a meaningful move that we talked about in prior calls, that potentially creates opportunity for BorgWarner.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Well, I'd say, Rich, right now, we had a target of 9% and we're there. But when we look at the business -- we just want to be more focused in the fact that we feel we could probably get better performance out of that segment. And I would just leave it that James and I have been spending a lot of time focusing in that segment of late. That's why I made a comment in my remarks. We are not 100% pleased, I guess. We're going to spend more focus in that area.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Ravi, all I'm going to say is that our guidance at 11.5%, or better, and we achieved over that in the first quarter. And we kept our guidance intact on the top line and the margin line. And I think our perspective from this point is that guidance is appropriate.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: No. I would say at this point, it's a timing issue, Itay. And also, I mentioned in there it had a little bit of currency that brought that number down, that's exaggerated it as well. So you can't take it for the face value. We probably were actually a little bit above last year. And then at the rate -- and at the run rate from that point, I would say, that seasonality being a little bit low in the first quarter, which you typically see.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: No. There's-- if you recall some time ago, we were discussing things about repatriation activities. And we spent a lot of work in the last 9 months about doing a repatriation activity of sustaining that dividend. Remember, this gets in the discussion of where cash is generated. And I've mentioned in the past that 75% of our sales are offshore. You could probably make the logical conclusion that 75% of my cash is offshore. I got to make sure working with the tax people. We have a tax efficient structure to repatriate it back into the United States. And I will say, we've done a lot of work in that area. So that's one triggering event. Also, I just -- right in the process of going through some management changes, James is the new CEO, we have a new chairman that was appointed yesterday. And the transition -- a lot of people are asking more questions about dividends and we have to go through management change as well. So I'd say those are the 2 major events right now.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Well, Chris, we came out with a range guidance coming into the year here just recently. And I would say, yes, I would be -- that's what my target range is, to get in the north of 15% in that range. And I'm close, I got to 13.8%, but yet that's my intent, to get to that range.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Oh. The way I view this, Brett, is we didn't have an M&A transaction 2012. And as a result, cash started to build up. And we had to become very assertive in our capital structure and we started on that process probably, what, last year I bought 4 million shares, I was very active in the fourth quarter. We gave now a range of leverage that we're comfortable with. And I would say, this is just a process we're going through that -- to convey to you where we like to be. And we're migrating toward that target right now. In the first quarter, we purchased some shares. And all I'm saying is that we have to be more assertive when the M&A activity transactions don't come as timely as we would like.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: Okay. I see where you're at now, Brett, on this. I wouldn't indicate the first quarter as the full year run rate on my repurchases, first of all, right? Because I was very aggressive in the fourth and there's some administrative issues, quite frankly, in the first as far as blackout periods that prevents me to be as active as I could have been. That's one issue. So I wouldn't think that's an indication of where I'm going forward. Two, the M&A pipeline comes into view as well, right? So I have to basically look at the M&A activity that could change all of the economics and the ratios, quite frankly, with a -- say a $200 million, $300 million M&A activity at a given quarter. So I got to look at the future as far as what's coming on M&A versus the share repurchase events I do get in the quarter. So I'm looking at quite a few things right now moving forward.
Ronald T. Hundzinski: The way I would answer that, Joe, is obviously, NSK-Warner ships -- I mean, they're shipping to Toyota and to the extent that Toyota can get a benefit of cheaper yen, we'd see more volume going through the joint venture, right? So everyone's been talking about how Toyota's going to respond with a lower yen. We would get volume increases through there.
