Kevin Nowlan: John, it's Kevin. I'll start with that. On the Ford F-150, obviously, we are seeing the changeover, and that is having an impact on our outgrowth, both a little bit in Q3, but a little bit more so in Q4. I'd say, from a revenue perspective, it's about a $30 million impact for us in Q4 from a revenue perspective.  But then as you alluded to, the truck mix has been a benefit for us. So when we talk about North American mix benefits that we're seeing, part of it is the benefit of having a mix that's skewed a little bit more towards truck than car than what we've seen in the past. So that is what we're seeing right now, and we're reaping the benefits of that in our outgrowth.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. In our fourth quarter, we're expecting already $10 million of synergies in those numbers that we showed on the slide in the deck. So that includes $10 million of synergies coming through in Q4.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I mean when we speak of the 30% incrementals that we were talking about earlier this year and taking a step back, what we said is, hey, given the pace at which revenue was coming out as a result of COVID-19, we thought we would generate decrementals at about 30%. And then we said, hey, as we thought end markets recovered or rebounded from those COVID lows that we should be able to deliver incrementals on that end market recovery at the same rate at which we decrement it. And that's effectively what you saw in Q3 results, but that's not the long-term incremental profile of the company. That's really just the short-term snapback of a rebound in revenue. We still continue to think about ourselves as being a mid- to high teens incremental converter as you get beyond the snapback in end markets like we've seen here.  So I wouldn't look at next year and then layer on 30% on top of that. If you kind of look at our revenue profile, we're back to a north of $10 billion of annualized revenue here in Q3 and Q4, and we've converted on that effectively, incrementally back at the 30% like we had hoped and expected.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I think that's a fair way to think about it because we're coming off -- if you're doing a year-over-year comp, you can see the second quarter, we should expect to be at that type of an incremental because we're getting back to that -- off the end market lows in Q2 to end market norms, hopefully, in Q2 of 2021.  So you would see those types of incrementals getting back to normalized markets at more of that 30%-ish type of range. But above and beyond that, our growth should be -- you should expect it to be back the way it was historically.
Kevin Nowlan: And I think from a disciplined perspective, we are instilling the BorgWarner culture. We have a focus as we look at new programs of maintaining the discipline of driving towards a 15% ROIC on any new programs. And that's the same discipline we'll hold, whether it's a business that we acquired as part of the Delphi acquisition or part of a legacy BorgWarner position. It's the same approach that we take to the entire portfolio of businesses we have at BorgWarner.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I'd say, just stepping back from a margin outlook, I mean, from a margin perspective, we still feel good about the direction that we're taking the business and the ability to deliver the 11-plus percent margin as we look at the run rate over the next few years. I think in terms of the impact on the near term of what an election might do, TBD, but it's part of our strategy of being balanced across combustion, hybrid and electric that, hey, we are positioned to be successful in all those environments, depending on which portion of the portfolio is growing more quickly than the others.  So if there is more emphasis on electrification here following an election, that's great. We'll look to capitalize on that. And I think the Delphi Technologies acquisition will only help that with the power electronics and electronics capabilities that they bring to the table.
Kevin Nowlan: We don't get into the margins of our specific products. But I would say, just as Fred mentioned, whether it's a component or a system offering, we look at driving the same discipline around return on invested capital. They may have different levels of capital investment requirements. But overall, we would drive that same discipline. Obviously, as you get to an integrated drive module, particularly if it has all of our components, it's a higher dollar amount than selling an individual component. And so you have the opportunity to generate more dollars. But in terms of the return on the employed capital, we maintain the same discipline of that 15% target, whether it's a component or a system.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. From a BorgWarner restructuring perspective, you should assume that the Q4 on a year-over-year basis is in that $10 million to $15 million range in terms of the tailwind that it's providing. And we're definitely on track in terms of achieving the restructuring objectives from a savings perspective for the full year that we laid out before.
Frederic Lissalde: Yes. And John, I just want to highlight the fact that this is exactly why we are executing a balanced strategy across combustion, hybrid, electric, with great portfolio to capitalize on the growth of electrification. If you take your question at the high level, if you look at the vehicles that are going to be produced between now and 2030, it's about 1 billion vehicle. IHS is saying 17% electrification. Let's round it to 20%.  Out of that 1 billion vehicle, 900 million vehicle will have a combustion engine, either as a combustion architecture or together with a hybrid. And we believe that it would be a mistake to ignore that profitable cash-generating revenue as well as the environmental opportunity to be supplying products on those 900 million vehicles. And I think your question is a good example.
Frederic Lissalde: So John, you're right, the diesel is going down. The take rate is going down and actually pretty significantly down from Q2 to Q3. We are going to -- we outgrew that diesel market last year. And since Q3 last year, so we're starting lapping this outgrowth. And it's tough to figure out where it stops.  Certainly, we are more heavily weighted on bigger diesels. And the drop is essentially touching the smaller ones. But yes, it's going to be a bit of a headwind for us. Now you may remember that, for some of our product lines, the growth on gasoline is compensating that loss of element in diesel. And overall, this headwind will moderate in the future.
Frederic Lissalde: So in Q3, the key drivers were a strong outgrowth on dual-clutch transmissions in China and North American mix product profile. So -- and this certainly, that DCT growth in China was above our expectation going into 2020 and going into the second half of 2020, and we converted well on those programs.
Frederic Lissalde: Yes. What I would say is that balance sheet strength is certainly a competitive advantage, and that's what we're seeing in the turbo field. We're not seeing any major changes from a pricing standpoint that we've seen in the past. It remains a competitive business, where product leadership is absolutely important because turbo efficiency translates for our customers into direct impact on fuel economy. And so, in this business, like in a lot of business in our field, it's a lot around efficiency and the product leadership we can provide to our customers.
Frederic Lissalde: It would take about 3 to 4 years to hit the revenue line from a sourcing event or from a booking event.
Frederic Lissalde: So I think you pointed a good point. I mean the diesel decline sequentially is certainly a factor. And you pointed out the second half of my answer, which is we are not extremely active into the first generation of hybrids. We're way more active into the plug-in hybrids and higher-voltage hybrids that will come in 2023 and beyond. We've announced a few wins already in past quarters. So that's the key point. Maybe one element for you is that from Q2 to Q3, diesel -- when the diesel take rate went down 370 basis points, which is one of the biggest decline quarter-over-quarter over the past several quarters.
Frederic Lissalde: Okay. So first of all, on GDI, I see a lot of demand. And also, I see some bookings coming our way. From a launch perspective, we're laser-focused into helping the plants to launch their products. We have, as I mentioned before, put into the fuel injection system business unit a team of excellent operators from BorgWarner. We left that business unit untouched in order to not disturb any of those launches in any shape or form. Similarly, on power electronics, we just announced a few -- the bookings over the past month. And also a very high focus on launch effectiveness across our PDS business unit.
Frederic Lissalde: We've not seen anything dramatically different than what we looked at over the past month, so no surprises for us.
Frederic Lissalde: I agree with you, Noah. I think it's amazing how teams and human beings can still strive and push forward programs during the pandemic. And we are a good proxy of that. We're spending more R&D in Q4 than prior year. And so we don't see any slowdown from an electrification trend perspective.  And so this is still very, very important for our customers to just carry on, working on those new powertrain architectures. This is becoming very, very important for them to be able to sell going forward. So we don't see any slowdown in our field.
Frederic Lissalde: We had to partner and serve our customers, and so we'll be happy to provide a system like we do for the Mach-E. We'll be also happy to provide components. For us, we run the company with return on invested capital, and we will look at getting the same hurdle rates, whether it's a system or a component.
Frederic Lissalde: Brian, first, it is kind of funny to watch that customers go in different direction. And even within a customer, some programs may go in different direction between in-sourcing and outsourcing the full system. And so that's why, first, it's important to be able to talk to the customer from a system perspective to look at the optimization of the design that can be done by BorgWarner versus what they can do.  Secondly, when we talk to customers, we are not only talking to them about full system, but they absolutely understand that we can do a full system. And being able to understand the full system, from mechanical motor and electronics, is an enabler to sell a system, but it's also an enabler to sell components.  On the transmission side, when the customer does a full system, most probably, they'll do the transmission. On the motor side, there is a mix of both in-sourcing, outsourcing. On the inverter side, as I mentioned, I think, at the last quarter call, this might be the component that has the less likelihood to be in-sourced by the customer. And so there are a lot of discussion around those components, but not limited to inverters.  What I can tell you is that BorgWarner has a great technology from an inverter standpoint. And the win that I alluded to in my prepared remarks speak volume to that. That 800-volt silicon carbide is really, really, really very high technology and well managed and controlled. So we see some good tailwinds on those systems and components, both.
Frederic Lissalde: No. We don't see common characteristics of the OEMs going through in-sourcing or outsourcing. One element is that, temporarily, we see some of the OEMs that have obligations vis-à-vis their works councils and things like that to start maybe in-source a little bit more at the start. But we don't see a common characteristics. We have opportunities in all 3 major regions of potentially getting full IDM businesses on the system standpoint.
Frederic Lissalde: So the CV China, both off-road and on-highway, has been very strong, and is still very strong, stronger than we have expected. It is not easy to figure out if this is going to carry on. But demand is strong, and we don't see signs of slowing down.  For other regions, we see that business picking up, too. What we also see is an appetite from a commercial vehicle standpoint, customer standpoint to move towards electrification of their propulsion architecture, either hybrid or fuel cell or battery electric. It's going to take time. Those cycles are long in commercial vehicles, off-road and on-highway. But we see that trend, too, pretty solidly.
Frederic Lissalde: Yes. We're looking at in-wheel motors. Right now, we don't see a path to growth in the foreseeable future, but we understand that technology. We still feel that having a structure that is closer to the traditional iDM architecture is, for now, the most probable path going forward, Joe.
Frederic Lissalde: Yes. I'm not equipped to answer that question. I have to go -- I have to come back to you, Joe, on this one particular.
Frederic Lissalde: Now, what I would say, though, is whether the motor is closer to the wheel or not, you're still going to have a motor, and you're still going to have an inverter. But I can't answer precisely what are the different characteristics of those products when you get those closer to the wheels. So I'll come back to you.
