Fred Lissalde: So the answer is absolutely yes. We are running the company all times ready for downturn. And we've shown in Q2 that we can manage that.  So plants have downturn plans ready to be implemented. The good thing is that we've just done it. So it will be a repeat and like most of the repeats, it's easier than the first time you do it. We are also as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we were staying very close to our customers and suppliers to figure out in detail, the details of schedules and expectations and potential issues.  So as far as launch is concerned, we see a little bit of program delays. But so far we're pretty confident that we're going to be able to honor all the launches that we have up and running and ready to launch in the second half. 
Fred Lissalde: Yes, I would say first that we are super excited to partner with Ford on these great products. And as I mentioned in the past, we don't have to sale the system. We are flexible. We have modular design. And you may be right, we've extended our product portfolio in the past two years to be ready to have more internal contents, but very flexible around adapting our content intensity with what the customer want.
Fred Lissalde: Joe, we lost a little bit there towards the end. So, yes. So Joe, we don't see at the end. But Ford and Borg has been working together for a few years on this. And right from the get go. So it's a few years back. Two, it's not the power electric supplier. And three, yes, with the portfolio that we have added over the past years, we sit in a position to do the whole thing. But again, as I mentioned before, we don't ask too, and we were very, very constructive with BOEs and depending on what they want to do and what they want to work with and we're absolutely flexible.
Fred Lissalde: Yes, Chris. So electrification accelerates our growth. And being E or H what you see is that everything that is being booked at this point in time is going to see daylight past 2022 and business for 2022 is pretty much already overloaded. And, this is in our goal of outgrowing the market year-by-year by 500 basis points and we are on track to do that the current guide for the free year for 2020s 450 basis points to 600 basis points. So that's what I would tell you also. I will also tell you that we see, we don't see a slowdown of requests for quote or systems support and discussion at a very high level between OEMs and BorgWarner to discuss the next generation IDMs but also the next generation, most advanced hybrid architectures.
Fred Lissalde: So, I think you're right. I think you see the quarter-over-quarter reduction reducing. So it's flattering around 29%, 30% take rate. We are starting, we've outgrew that diesel market for few quarters. I think we're going to stop lapping the European diesel benefits that started in the second half of '19. And I would say that in 2021, the diesel headwinds will stop fitting away and you won't see any impacts at all soon.
Fred Lissalde: There is no geographic trends. It's certainly not a one size fits all. You see customers that want us to integrate the full system and we do that and we capitalize on our integration and system knowledge and experience. If some customers would want us to supply transmission and motor, so we're flexible. It is true that, more will come as we are adding more products in our portfolio and be able to delete all and by doing that drive the maximum efficiency out of that device. But again, there is not one size fit all, and totally as far as we're concerned more to on this field.
Fred Lissalde: All of the above. We see a decent acceleration in electrifying different vehicles, including long haul trucks, with different types of technologies. Obviously that vehicle will be the biggest volume for us. But we're very committed in supporting commercial vehicle electrification to. With all the products portfolio that we have. There is no variable product in the propulsion area from an electrification standpoint that we can supply. So we're supporting all our customers and commercial vehicle included. And yes, we see an acceleration in this field.
Fred Lissalde: The development and the design work for propulsion architectures in electric vehicles and hybrids are being done and on time is pursuing a sense with confidence that our wells are going to carry on. And again more to come on this field, we are very uniquely positioned, especially with the Delphi Technologies acquisition to add again, both mechanical motor and power electronics under one roof and being able to work on all the types of efficiencies that those subsystem interact with.  And so we think that we are well positioned to supply whatever customers asked us work on either system or sub-systems. So its moving at the right pace, and I'm happy with what I'm seeing.
Fred Lissalde: What I would say is that, we're very pleased on how the integration teams and the match payers on both sides are working and collaborating in a virtual environment. This is, we have not missed a beat and very, very happy with the way those teams interact and create value. We're not in a position to update the financials. We do that closer to the closing date. But it's moving at the right pace, and I really liked the engagement and the results that I'm seeing.
Fred Lissalde: So, no, you're absolutely right. And I think we we've always been talking about the fact that electrification -- and in China is not only battery electric vehicle, but it's also including the most advanced hybrid propulsion architectures. We see launches, we see our request for quotation, we see partnership with Chinese OEMs on hybrids. And we’re part of that. Will it have an impact before the end of the current backlog season, probably not. Because this will be launched pass the backlog season will for the majority of the businesses. But when you see more hybrid powertrains in China, especially the most advanced hybrid absolutely, yes.
Fred Lissalde: So, the trend of electrification, we think is profound It's not going to be a quarter-over-quarter steadily increase. You'll just see some ups and downs. So we see some downs in the first half in China, but the long-term trends as far as we're concerned, we think is unchanged. It's just timing related. We see some programs related, but we see a lot of focus in getting this done and bringing those hybrid and electric power trains into the market place. And it’s really in other parts of the world too. It is essential when you look at the newly published regulations. It is essential for all of us to move into cleaner and more energy-efficient power trains being electrical or hybrid or also efficient combustion powertrain, efficient combustion powertrain that I meant. So, it's accelerating and we're not missing a beat.
Kevin Nowlan: It's really in line with our revenue outlook. And I think you can see that with the low-end of our revenue outlook now matching the high-end of what we had before and that cash flow not coincidentally is $300 million at that revenue range. So as we look at the $400 million upside at the top-end of our range right now, that coincides with the $8.4 billion of revenue.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I mean, backlog includes anything that's not market or FX effectively. So, it can pick up mix impacts and absolutely we're seeing some positive mix impacts in the quarter. So that is a piece of the equation, basically anything that's driving us to outgrowth the market.
Kevin Nowlan: I mean, I think from a mix perspective, a lot of the mix benefits that we were seeing in the second quarter in particular has to do with our exposure to pick up an SUVs in North America, as well as our diesel related content in Europe seems to be holding up better than the overall diesel market, as we've seen for the last few quarters now. We have seen some DCT growth over in China as well, which is supporting that backlog. But as we think about the H&E content in our backlog, most of that's coming in the years to come in terms of where we expect to really see that driving our outgrowth and becoming more than 100% of the net backlog. That's really a comment on '21 to '23 timeframe.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I mean, the detrimental is absolutely includes the benefits associated with the restructuring actions, and we've started to see the benefits of both obviously last year's restructuring actions that are taking hold and helping on a year-over-year basis, as well as we're starting to get some benefit associated with the restructuring that we announced back in early February timeframe.  So that is mitigating the decremental and should continue to be a tailwind as we look out to the next few years to help offset any other bad news that could come into the equation like COVID-19 did this year.  And overall though, I would say to the question that is on track. We're continuing to execute according to the plan that we laid out several months back. And we're on track for that. 
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, I think we disclosed back in February timeframe that we expect that the 2020 numbers to benefit by about $50 million of incremental savings. And I would say we're on track to deliver that in our decremental number. So that is a tailwind in the decrementals. In addition to any of the temporary types of cost actions that we executed in the second quarter like temporary layoffs and wage reductions and those types of things are temporary in nature, but did help us in the second quarter as well.
Kevin Nowlan: I think it was in the 35-ish zip code as I recall, but we'll give more specific guidance on that when we get to the beginning of next year. But I think you should think overall, that plan directionally remains intact and on track. 
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, I think I backlog in outgrowth are two slightly different things. Backlog is basically outgrowth before you consider pricing. Outgrowth actually is backlog net of pricing. And so if you look at what our backlog, actually is to date through the first six months, I think it's around $525 million or so. Our backlog for the full year effectively If you take the outgrowth and you add pricing back to it, we’re somewhere in the $580 million $730 million range. So there's a -- that's kind of how we get to the walkout towards the backlog.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I think it's premature for us to start talking about 2021. But I can comment on a few of those elements. I mean from a restructuring perspective, as I mentioned in response to Rod's question earlier, we are on-track for executing against the plan that we've laid out a few months ago, and I wouldn't say there's any accelerations or delays in that plan. I think it's right on track. So I think it's fair to think about the incremental that we were showing back in February going from 2020 to 2021 to remain intact. From an engineering and R&D perspective, I think you should continue to expect us to invest in that low 4% to 4.5% range as a percent of revenue. Now this year it'll be elevated because we're sustaining our dollar investment in R&D around that $400 million level, and that's a conscious decision we made as a leadership team in this environment to sustain our investment, supporting long-term growth prospects for the company, because we have strong liquidity and strong cash flow generation. And then in terms of the inefficiencies arising from COVID-19, I think we're going through that process right now, as we're building our long-range plans to understand, what if any types of efficiencies do we expect to carry into next year? The last thing obviously, and we're not prepared to comment on it further as we start to think about 2021. Obviously, we expect to close on the Delphi transaction in the second half of this year, and that's going to obviously have some meaningful implications on what 2021 looks like as a consolidated company. So those are some of the things to consider.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. The last year of restriction that we have at this point is the European Union, and we've been going through interacting with the regulators and going through that administrative process. And we think where we are in that process keeps us on track for closing in the second half of the year consistent with what we've been saying for the last number of months.  So that is really the last major I’d say administrative hurdle between now and closing the other big one that we had were obviously the other fix jurisdiction, which are now behind it as well as the Delphi shareholder vote which took place back in late June and received overwhelming support from the shareholders.  So I'd say, that's really the last major step. And then as we get to closing that, then Delphi will have to test the conditions to closing to make sure that they meet those. And we fully expect that they'll be on track to do that. But we'll obviously set the time we get to closing.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I mean not going to dimension the specifics of each component of how we mitigated the decremental margin. We're able to manage it down to 28%. But obviously, you can imagine our contribution margin as well north of 28%. And so the types of things that we had to execute to manage to that level include the restructuring actions, which are providing a tailwind and are more sustainable and permanent from a cost reduction perspective.  But then, we do have benefits coming from some of those temporary actions like the temporary layoffs in the wage reduction. So those will creep into the second half. We'll also see some level of higher R&D spend in the second half of the year. As I look sequentially from Q2, we were a little bit lighter in the second quarter than where our full year run-rate average is expected to be. And then the other thing just to keep in mind, Q4 decrementals are going to be impacted mathematically by the fact that we're jumping off a 13% plus operating margin from a year ago.  And so that just makes the comp pretty challenging as you look at Q4.
Kevin Nowlan: With respect to the restructuring, we're pleased with the fact that, our program remains on track. I mean, both the program we announced a year ago, about 15, 16 months ago as well as the program we announced earlier this year, which was a pretty aggressive program to manage and sustain our margin profile to offset headwinds, including things like COVID-19, which we didn't know about at the time. So, it was a proactive measure to sustain our margin profile, and we're going to execute against that plan to help to mitigate the impact of things like COVID or whatever else might get thrown at us. From a Delphi perspective, I'm not going to comment in detail on their business other than overall we're pleased with the progress they've made on their restructuring programs and feel like they're on track delivering what they've committed directionally. I think you'll see, I think they'll file their financials today or tomorrow, and so you'll get to see what their results are looking like here for the second quarter, but directionally we're pleased with what we see and we'll give a more fulsome update as a financial outlook of the combined companies when we get to closing.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, I'm not sure the haircut you'd be referring to. But I mean directionally we're pleased with our backlog shaping up this year. As we entered 2020, we actually expected that we were going to have lower revenue outgrowth and what we're actually seeing is. And that's really across the globe. So our backlog in total, if you look at it, we're guiding for $580 million to $730 million of backlog coming through our P&L in 2020.  In terms of what are 2021 through 2023 and beyond horizon looks like? Not prepared to provide any updates to that other than directionally. I think we still feel very confident about the fact that we're going to deliver 500 basis points of outgrowth from a BorgWarner standalone perspective in terms of what our overall outgrowth is expected to be over those years. Some years might be higher or lower than others. But on average, we should be in that 500 basis point zip code.  And the good news is that's actually playing out this year in 2020, as well which we didn't anticipate as we started the year. 
