James Verrier: Yes. Let me try to take a shot at that for you, Rich. So I think I would say, you know, maybe a couple of things that may be helpful. Let me say the discipline and the methodology and approach that we used for '16, we feel good about, and the reason we feel good about that is Ron and I both alluded to, we've been hitting our numbers pretty well with some fluctuations in the market. We've seen noise in the market place, we've seen launch noise and macro noise and we've been executing really well in that mid-single-digit organic growth area or range. And so we'll be applying that same approach, that same methodology as we march towards '17 and '18. I would say a general level launch cadence, launch volumes has played out pretty much, you know, there's obviously puts and takes, so that gives me at least comfort that the methodology is solid, the business strategy is very solid, the win rates are very solid. So we'll go through all of that mathematics, as you can imagine, in the fourth quarter as we get ready for January. But I would say at a high level, there's nothing fundamentally there that's different than where we were thinking a year ago, and I would just say you and we should take comfort in the way we've executed this year, both on the top line and the bottom line as we get ready for a net new business in January.
James Verrier: Yes. Our thought Rich right now is that it would continue, you're right, through the fourth quarter. And we're continuing to test and question and evaluate whether that will -- whether there will be any continuation of that into '17. It's a little early, we don't know. Our modeling would probably suggest that it will not continue on into '17, but things can move in that part of the world very quickly, as you well know. But we're more in likely won't continue incentives into '17, but we're watching it closely, Rich, in case that moves
James Verrier: Yes. I can talk a little bit about that, Brian. So you're right, commercial vehicle is not helping. I mean, frankly, the puts and takes amongst commercial vehicle, but commercial vehicle is essentially no growth, so that's the one that impact on the engine business. I talked a little bit about diesel mix and so if you do it year-to-date comparable, Brian, from '15 to '16, Western Europe it's down a couple of percentage points, and I think we've been fairly consistent through the year that that's not -- that doesn't move the needle for us materially when it moves a percent or two down. The question is you look at will that trend continue down, our view is it will and we feel we're well prepared there with the growth that we're delivering on gas turbos. In the quarter itself, the two big drivers for growth on engine were turbo and Variable Cam Timing, those were strong and I would say that was on a pretty global basis, so it wasn't one region particularly that stood out. And, you know, relative to Ford, Brian, if we go back to the prior earnings call, I know there was a lot of concern on that day of Ford's lowering expectations or lowering projects, what are you going to do. We felt we had that pretty well contained in our guidance and we delivered and I think some of their recent announcements through the last few weeks, we would like to believe that we feel pretty comfortable, we've got that covered as well as we go into the fourth quarter. So hopefully that gives you a little bit of color that's useful, Brian.
James Verrier: I think if you go back a little bit to Investor Day, and I can maybe use that as a reference point, I would say nothing has materially changed since Investor Day which is not a surprise because that's only a few weeks out. I would say from a China perspective we'll see a combination, it will use hybrids and electrics. I don't think there will no hybrids in China. I think there will be a balance, but I would tend to agree with you that the intensity and the drive towards pure battery electric vehicle is probably strongest in China than any other region of the world. That's not to say it's not going to get adopted in Europe and North America, but there is a strong push for pure electrics in China, and we've been announcing that we're benefiting from that. You know, a single space transmission technology is adopted on a number of those vehicles that are out there and we've got other products going on it, but directionally, I would agree, Brian, that it's the fastest area which is penetrating the most from a pure EV, but I would not say it's without any hybrids because I think there will be hybrids for sure in China.
James Verrier: Yes. We may be just -- to that point, Brian, when we were articulating it at Investor Day, in simple numbers, the compound annual growth rate for pure electric vehicles globally from now through 2023 was in the mid-20% percent and BorgWarner in the 50s. So, yes, we're going to benefit from EV adoption in China and it will be transmission is today where we're shipping those today on electric vehicles, but I feel more management products will play there together with some of the other products we highlighted on Investor Day. So we feel good about the drive to pure electrics in China. It's helpful for BorgWarner, Brian.
James Verrier: Yes. It's a very good thought, and I would refer us back to the conversations we had at Investor Day, and it goes something like this. BorgWarner has an extremely clear strategy around being the leader in propulsion, in advanced propulsion technology for combustion, for hybrids and electrics. And to your point, Chris, we know that those penetration rates of the different hybrid vehicles and the different electrics are going to move around. Nobody has a crystal ball to know exactly what the penetration rate is on any of those platforms, what we're doing, and we will continue to do is position ourselves to offer product offering for all of those architectures and support the customers as needed and we're putting ourselves in a position with the portfolio that we have that if hybrids accelerate a little faster than electrics or electrics go a little faster than hybrids, we will be great because we're going to grow with any of them. We're going to grow on hybrid content, we're going to grow on electric and we're going to grow on combustion. So I appreciate your point. I think there is some uncertainty out there, and that's what we're looking frankly speaking to take advantage of by offering a broader portfolio than anybody else, that we can participate and it will play out as it plays out. BorgWarner will continue to grow in that mid-to high single-digital growth rate independent of ships with the different propulsion architectures if that helps you.
James Verrier: Yes. It's a good thought. If I go back, maybe look at a six-month period, Chris to use your reference point, I would say generically the shift away from diesel is intensified and increased. We don't see it as a clip event, but I think it's fair to say the shift away from diesel has probably increased over the last six months. I think that the focus on 48 volt mild hybrid and plug-in hybrids is about the same. I think that's a strong trend and it's continued strong. And I think we've seen a stronger voice in Europe and China around pure electric vehicles, probably the move is if you wish over the last six months and again, we feel very good about that. Again, it reconfirms the fact that there will be these shifts and we're well positioned to take advantage as the shifts occur.
James Verrier: So you're right. What I alluded to earlier, Emmanuel, I'm not sure if you were on the call. Our view of Europe, is if you look at a '15 year to date versus the '16 year to date, the diesel share or the diesel penetration is down about 2%. Our view is that, that will continue to creep down. We're not seeing a cliff-type event. So we see that trending down. I think fundamentally what we are seeing is those -- so the question is really what are those diesel vehicles being replaced with. And I would say the vast majority in our view are those with turbocharge gasoline vehicles, so that obviously plays well for BorgWarner. We are not seeing a shift from diesel to naturally aspirated [ph] vehicles so much. We're seeing turbo charged gasoline and sometimes turbo charged gasoline hybrids, so near term it's pretty small impact for us, you know, obviously it affects a lot of -- some of our emissions products a little, but net-net for BorgWarner, Emmanuel, it's relatively small impact for us as it shifts from diesel to gas, particularly if it's at a gradually pace that we've seen thus far. And just to reinforce I think your other point is we get to the mid-term, let's say three years plus out, then it's not an issue at all for BorgWarner. So small is kind of the conclusion, Emmanuel, if that helps you.
James Verrier: I would say in general, visibility is about the same as it typically kind of was, if you like, 45, 60 days. I think in general we've been getting good communications and good visibility from all of the OEMs here. We're not getting too much last minute kind of cuts and those types of things. Obviously like you and everybody, we're going to pay a lot of attention to this because as you start to come towards the year-end, but I would say to use a phrase, you know, the discipline around scheduling and releasing has been pretty good. An example for us would be, when we had this exact same call last quarter that was at a time when Ford was kind of suggesting releases, reductions, etcetera and we talked about it then that we believed we had that well contained in our guidance and I think it's fair to say we delivered on that, so that's encouraging. And I mentioned earlier in the call, John, I'm not sure if you were on, the latest news from Ford so to speak, we feel that's contained in our guidance which essentially was unchanged as we went into this quarter. So I think generally, John, it's reasonably well disciplined. We watch it and pay a lot of attention to it, but so far so good.
James Verrier: Yes. I would say, John, generally it's running well. Overall it's running well. The top line has been a little softer through the year. We saw that, but that was pretty much end market driven on commercial vehicle and after markets, so that's just you know the macro driven. But on the OE side pretty much as we expected. I think from an operating point of view, John, it's been running well and I think I would say we're incrementally positive on our dialogue with the customers, particularly around, the combination of Remy's rotating electrics with mechanical know how around P2 hybrid modules that we talked about at Investor Day, I think that continues to go extremely well for us globally, by the way, Europe, Asia and North America. So overall really good Ron gave a couple of comments earlier, John, if you weren't on, you know, it's a really good thing that we can completely this transaction on the light duty retail aftermarket business, that's just not core to us and I think that will allow us to focus more on the core, so I think that's another incremental step forward with Remy. As Ron alluded to, that helps the margin profile as well of the business. So, yes, it's going well, John. You know, a lot of work ahead of us, but it's going well.
James Verrier: So, John, you're correct, I can tell you that internally over probably the last four months or so we've had discussions about liquidity. I'll use the term liquidity, right, because that's what it comes down to at the end of the day and how you preserve liquidity through a cycle and how much liquidity do you need going through a cycle and so I think you're absolutely correct. I know inside BorgWarner we are looking at the liquidity numbers and making sure that we're very liquid through a cycle. So, yes, you're correct, we are looking at this.
James Verrier: Yes, I know what you're getting at, John. So let's refresh ourselves here. We are about 2/3 into the $1 billion buyback program, correct? And I think it's safe to say that we're going to give a lot more color here in January as far as what we're thinking, and I think you're right, in the context, I would say that we are considering maybe a more conservative posture, but we have to weigh that against other items, maybe M&A activity potentially and also the peak cycle that we're in, and there's a couple other factors we have to look at as well, so I would say, though in general we're probably more bias to the conservative side right now, but we'll give more color in January.
James Verrier: This is James. Ron can weigh in after me. You're right, we're going to do it in January, so we got a little bit of time here, and we're going to work our way through it. The way I view it strategically, Joe, is we talked a lot at Investor Day that with our propulsion technology, we're comfortable that we're going to be a mid-to high single-digital growth company on an organic basis and we reminded everybody I think at the Investor Day it will fluctuate in that band of mid to high single-digit growth. I would say there's been nothing materially or substantially that's changed for us to change that view. So what that all translates in exact dollars and percentages of organic growth for '17 and '18, Joe, we've got a few more weeks of work to get to that point, but we're comfortable in this mid to high single-digit organic growth for the future.
James Verrier: I would say, Joe, you're right, the net new business for '16 has run a little better than what we'd expected, and I think you summarized it pretty well. You know we didn’t remember, we didn't factor much in at all for commercial vehicle, so we weren't expecting much, and guess what we didn't get much. You know, if you look at it regionally we've run pretty strongly in North America and Korea has been pretty good and China has been pretty good. So I wouldn't say it's one product or region, but intuitively, you're right, we're running a little better on the net new business for '16 and what we guided to at the beginning of the year.
James Verrier: I think the way I look at it is from my perspective, Joe, you know, we rolled out what our methodology and discipline was as we went into the year, and you recall, right, we took a more prudent approach to the launches in terms of both the volumes and sales in the cadence of the launch and then we also made the judgment to be a little bit more -- apply a little bit more of a macro factor to the number, our view and where our little bias, Joe, is we think that was a smart call because I think as we have gone through the year we have been consistently hitting our numbers in that just around that mid-single-digit growth rate. That would imply, and I think you're right, the backlog is running a little better than we'd anticipated which is good, and I said earlier on the call, Joe, that we'll be utilizing that same discipline and methodology as we go into '17, and I think if we look at what the three of you of the backlog that we went into this year was, you know, in that mid-single-digit growth. I think 4 to 6 was the range for the three-year period, and we're executing in that range this year, so it gives us comfort as we go into the process for '17, '18, '19. So we got some work to do, Joe, on the detail, but I gain comfort from our strong execution this year in delivering the growth that we set out to do. It helps me get comfort and help you get comfort as we go into the years.
James Verrier: That's a good thought, Joe. I'll give you a couple of thoughts. The term that we're hearing a lot is right sizing which is a good way to think of it. So it's right sizing the engines. What I would say is it's not dramatic shift, so it's not like they're taking one liter engine and replacing it with a 2.5 liter engine. So it's subtle shifts they make out from 1.6 to 2 or a 1.8 to a 2 so we’re seeing that. We’re seeing that adjustment is a good word for me, and what we see is fundamentally the technology on the engine is very similar. So if it's a turbo charged direct injection engine with Variable Cam Timing they are shifting that from maybe a 1.6 to 1.8 or a 2 and that's helping us. Generally speaking, your observation is a good one, Joe, the larger engines are generally slightly beneficial for BorgWarner, so this is a net-net a good move for BorgWarner, it's a helpful for BorgWarner, I'll put it that way.
James Verrier: So I'd like to thank you all again for joining us. We expect to file our 10-K before the end of the day which will provide details of our results. If you have any follow-up questions about our earnings release, the matters discussed during this call or our 10-Q, please direct them to me. Chris, please close out the call.
