Kevin Nowlan: That’s correct. We’ve effectively increased the expectation of the net inflation cost to $65 million. It was relatively small in our previous guidance, but the increase as we’ve seen the continued escalation of supplier costs, predominantly non-commodity-related costs. But despite that, we’re continuing to expect to hold our margin guide, 10.0% to 10.4% for the full year.
Kevin Nowlan: It really is. I mean, if you look at indices, commodity indices are a little bit all over the place. You have certain indices -- certain steel indices, aluminum are down on a year-over-year basis. You have copper, which is actually up relative to the second half of the year. And you have nickel and stainless steel that are actually up on a year-over-year basis. So, commodities are a little bit of a mixed story, but the bulk of what we’re seeing come through is really non-commodity-related, the other inflationary costs coming through the supply base.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes, the continued performance of the business and conversion on incremental revenue. So, we continue to have confidence in our ability to deliver on that conversion, which mitigates the impact of that $65 million.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. Fuel Systems was one of the segments most impacted by some of the China mix issues we saw, particularly China CD. So that had an impact on margin. In addition, the segment also saw some impacts from higher supplier related costs and higher R&D costs. But as we look at the business on a full year basis, we do expect much like the rest of BorgWarner, to see sequential improvement over the balance of the year and fully expect that business will continue to perform in line with where it’s been performing the last couple of years.
Kevin Nowlan: I think it’s a fair way to think about it. I mean, it’s what we’ve been suggesting all along is that as we start to get the scale and start to see the revenue ramp up, that revenue ramp up drives gross margin and the pace of that growth is outpacing the growth in R&D. You can see the R&D starting to flatten a little bit more relative to that growth. So, as we get beyond ‘23 and into ‘24 and beyond, we do expect to see that continued improvement in the margin trajectory linked to the continued growth in the eProduct-related revenue.
Kevin Nowlan: And so, as we get more honed in on a particular date, then we’ll be in a position to talk about when those investor days might be for both companies. And at that time, we’ll also talk about the capital structure of both businesses.
Kevin Nowlan: On a year-over-year basis, it contributes about a point to our revenue. So that -- and net of that recovery, we end up with $65 million of headwind.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I mean, fundamentally, the two things that really drive the performance over the balance of the year. One is, we do expect to start to generate some of the customer recoveries linked to the inflationary headwinds. So the biggest headwind is really in the first quarter. But second, we do see sequential improvements in revenues and converting on that over time. I mean, if you look at -- our Q1 revenue is $4,180 million. If you look at the midpoint of our guide, it suggests that the average quarter for the last three quarters is higher by $260 million of revenue. So, there’s still revenue growth coming over the balance of the year, particularly driven by the growth in our eProduct portfolio. So converting on that as well as mitigating some of these inflation impacts over the balance of the year are really what drives the conversion and gets us to that 10.0% to 10.4% margin for the full year.
Kevin Nowlan: Correct. It’s really the ramp-up of our eProduct revenue over the balance of the year. And you can really see it in that ePropulsion segment disclosure that we had in the deck that the primary driver of that growth growing from $487 million of revenue in Q1 to $750 million to $850 million in Q4 is eProducts. And so, really capitalizing on that growth is what we’re looking for over the balance of the year.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I mean, I think your $1.3 billion is a little bit high when you’re doing the math on that because we’re guiding to overall the $2.5 billion to $2.8 billion of eProduct revenue. So, when you do a third of that, it’s going to be a little bit less than that number. But where you see the other pockets of eProducts related revenue are really the battery pack business, which is in the Drivetrain & Battery Systems segment. You have a lot of our thermal products, which is in the Air Management segment as well as the charging stations, which are in the Air Management segment as well. So, that’s really where you see the other components of the eProduct related portfolio. In terms of the trajectory, I think it’s right to think that what you see on slide 13 is the right template or a way to think about the progression of margin in any one of those eProduct businesses. They start off by generating losses when they don’t have much revenue scale because we’re making a lot of upfront investment, particularly in R&D and other start-up costs. And as we start to get the scale and we start to grow revenue to the point where the revenue growth outpaces the growth in R&D, we start to drive profitability. So when you look at the eProduct portfolio within ePropulsion, we’re already starting to get to that scale point. Some of the other businesses are simply at different points of maturity along the way. But as they get to the same levels of maturity as what we see in the ePropulsion, we expect the exact same type of trajectory.
Kevin Nowlan: The expected net -- so the $2.5 billion to $2.7 billion, that’s the ePropulsion segment revenue, two-thirds of which is eProduct related. It also happens to correspond to being two-thirds of BorgWarner’s total eProduct revenue is also in this segment.
Kevin Nowlan: I mean, from a cost perspective, we’ll talk about that more when we get to the investor days that we expect to have closer to the date of the spin. And when you think of the potential dissynergies we see from the transaction, one of them is just, as you’re alluding to, some of the incremental costs associated with establishing a corporate cost structure for a new public company, PHINIA. So we’ll give more details on that and the impact overall of that dissynergy, but as we look at it, the value creation opportunity of creating two separate companies, both focused on pursuing their independent strategies more than offsets the potential dissynergy associated with setting up the corporate cost structure for PHINIA.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I think we’re pretty comfortable with where the guide is right now. I mean, when you cut through the math and you look at the full year guide, excluding the eProduct-related R&D, we’re expecting to be converting at about 16-plus percent year-over-year, and that’s inclusive of the $65 million net material inflation headwind. So, it suggests without that headwind we’d be converting even higher. So we’re pretty pleased with that level of conversion, in spite of the fact that we’re seeing material inflation pressures in the year.
Kevin Nowlan: Yes. I mean, you should expect the gross margin percentage to be improving. If you cut through the math of what’s on that slide 13, it implies that there’s improvement in gross margin. And one of the main reasons you see that is we’re growing into the fixed assets as well because there’s depreciation in the gross margin that’s not fully up to scale yet. So, by the time you get to Q4, you would expect to see an improvement from that 15% level you’re calculating.
Fred Lissalde: No, I would say that -- yes, it’s not demand related. It’s -- if we get the chips, we’ll be at 1.8. If we don’t get enough chips, we’ll be at 1.5. So, it’s essentially linked to the ability to get what we need in order to deliver the demand.
Fred Lissalde: Well, that’s what -- I mean, we have teams of people working really hard with our suppliers. And so far, so good, I would say. But we still have volatility. And as you know, the supply chain is -- has no buffer whatsoever. So, if you have a little blip somewhere, then it impacts us in our ability to ship. So, that’s why you have that band of revenue that is still open from 1.5 to 1.8.
Fred Lissalde: Yes. I think nothing has changed really. We’re getting more precise. The teams are doing a great job, and we’ll come back to you when we have even more precision on those dates. But we’re marching towards end of the third -- by the third quarter. And it’s a lot of work, but people are working really diligently, and just wanted to give you a bit more precision.
Fred Lissalde: John, the -- PHINIA is made of two reporting segments that we run under the board -- a decentralized operating model. So besides the creation of a top co, there is not much stranded costs.
Fred Lissalde: First, I would say that what we’re doing with the plant in Seneca, which is our biggest plant in North America is a good proxy of what we’re doing to utilize the capital and the human capital that we have in our foundational products, putting berry back in there. If you look at e-heaters -- we announced more than 4 million e-heaters in 2025, we are using plant in Michigan and Portugal and China. For motors, IDMs, we’re using Wuhan and Tianjin and Korea and North America. Also in Mexico, we have a power [indiscernible] program where already about 300 engineers have gone through and they are, I would say, now very up to their task in the world of it. So we are focusing on utilizing both capital and human capital when we also make the transition from C to E. From a capital standpoint, R&D standpoint, we think that -- and Q1 is a good proxy, too. eR&D goes up, cR&D goes down, pretty much equally or proportionally. Capital is very, very limited. And what we do when -- and since quite some years, combustion businesses are quoted with the amortization of the full capital in the length of the program with volume closes. So I think we’re doing everything that is possible to limit debt risk.
Fred Lissalde: Yes. Just to give you a high-level set of numbers. So this year, we’re guiding $2.3 billion to $2.6 billion of eProducts and in 2025, about $5.6 billion. And that’s 50% CAGR, just to give you a perspective on how fast we’re growing in this field. In China, our business is 70% with the local Chinese. It was actually the other way around 5, 6 years ago. But the vast majority of our business is with the Chinese OEMs. And out of that 70%, 50% of those are with the big guys, the top Chinese OEMs. I hope that helps.
Fred Lissalde: I’ll start with the second half of your question. The way we use silicon carbide and if you do teardowns and analysis, we use silicon carbide with a cooling on both sides. And the more power you can get through silicon carbide is related to how smart you cool those chips. And we think we’re actually more competitive from a power density standpoint, thanks to our thermal management and the cooling on both sides than some of the competitions. That’s item one. Item two, some people are talking about reduction of usage of silicon carbide and we do exactly the same. This is something that we all do and all those things are part of our product roadmap. It doesn’t mean that the need for silicon carbide is reducing. It is still increasing, and we’re very happy to have secured the capacity corridor with Wolfspeed in order to deliver on our long-range plan. The first part of your question was around what’s the share of silicon carbide versus silicon on our inverter business. I would say that, if you look at the announcement that we’ve seen, we’re more tilted towards high-end, high-voltage silicon carbide than lower voltage silicon type of products with an average price around $700 atop. So that’s why I would say we’re tilted towards the most advanced inverters in the marketplace.
Fred Lissalde: The puts and takes are a little bit more complex than this, and you need to put -- take into consideration the power output, the level of battery pack, the range, et cetera. And it all depends about -- I think it all depends upon the -- what the carmaker wants to do, what car type, what end products they want to put in the marketplace. The push for efficiency is such that we don’t see a slowdown in the usage of silicon carbide. And most of the things that we see in the marketplace is pushing for more efficiency. And more efficiency, more range or smaller batteries is sometimes linked to usage of silicon carbide. But overall, you should ask the OEMs that question because the strategy that we have -- that they have is more linked to their system and how they want to put their differentiation into the marketplace.
Fred Lissalde: Yes. Luke, it is obvious that those negotiations take some time, like it did last year. We expect that it’s not going to take as much time as last year since we have a pretty robust framework that was used last year to negotiate the inflationary headwinds. And the negotiations are happening. We’re pretty pleased with the pace that it’s going. It’s just not happening in Q1. It’s going to take Q2, maybe early Q3 to get to where we want to be.
Fred Lissalde: Yes. So, the -- we have full flexibility from a design standpoint, 400-volts, 800-volts silicon, silicon carbide, very modular, that is clear and we are pretty relevant in all those inverter types, full flexibility from a manufacturing standpoint also. Regarding the agreement with Wolfspeed, this is not an exclusive agreement. So, we can get silicon carbide from other sources, and we can also work with direct and source if the OEM wants us to work with a particular silicon carbide maker. So, we feel pretty comfortable about the different level of support and optionalities that we have related to our growth in inverters.
Fred Lissalde: We’re very happy with the cadence of discussions that we have, development -- advanced development and bookings that we have with a lot of customers around the world. And the drumbeat is only increasing. It is absolutely clear that when we produce north of 3 million inverters in 2025 and 2 million to 3 million motors, scale matters, and scale brings competitiveness and scale brings the ability to design and manufacture in a very modular and flexible way. So, we’re happy with the scale that we’ve gained pretty rapidly. And what we hear from our customers is that, as usual, with BorgWarner, our products are at the forefront of efficiency. Not talking about fuel efficiency, but we’re talking about electrons efficiency and low power losses. And I think we’re doing a pretty good job here.
