Dan Dinges: 20-year forecast that you’re talking about we’ve assumed where we’re today and what we’ve seen Drew with the 30 completions that have been completed in our old technique. We’ve assumed the 2.9 in that forecast.
Dan Dinges: Yes, on the dividends each board meeting, we had discussion on dividend. We made it clear when we started ramping the dividend and we took kind of incremental step last year. And we’ve taken a smaller step again beginning of this year but our commentary at that time was that it was our intent and the board’s intent to see the commissioning of these infrastructure projects that are imminent to commission. And we felt it was prudent at the time to make sure that we're not going to be any delays. We’ve all experienced the pains of the delays of some of these projects and getting them commissioned. So we thought it was prudent to keep the dividend where it is right now once we get the cash flow coming in the door from the commission and these infrastructure projects, we would then again revisit the dividend policy.
Dan Dinges: We've taken the write-down on some of the capital expenditures that we spent and we have -- the acreage is still intact, and we will go through that process on the back end.
Dan Dinges: Well, our guidance on CapEx for the full year will remain intact, as we bring on wells into the infrastructure, we'll continue to complete those wells and bring those wells inline. So, we have a little bit of a ramp up heading into the commissioning of Atlantic Sunrise.
Dan Dinges: Yes, Leo, the conversation again at our board meeting this week was specifically along the lines that I have mentioned in the past and that was that our authorization is not optics, it is proaction and that it is our intent to execute on the authorization that the board has granted. So the take away would be that we fully intend to continue our program that we have implemented.
Dan Dinges: Well, the early indications are wrapped up in my comment that we continue to believe and that our Upper Marcellus is incremental and accretive reservoir independent of the lower. We work as indicated that and we're also of the opinion that our completion techniques will improve off of the 2.9 per thousand foot lateral.
Dan Dinges: The increased second half 2018 has always been in our design, as we get to the commissioning of Atlantic Sunrise. So that level of activity and timing this activity is right on cue. In regard to '19, we don’t anticipate bringing in any additional frac crews than what we have done in 2018. And we are going to stay fairly consistent with our completions in '19 and some of that is depended upon -- and the timing is depended upon how many wells we have on any given pad and how many stages in the lateral links on those pads. We had recently a long pad -- not a long pad -- a pad that had long laterals and 12 wells. And we had been on that location for good while completing that 24x7. And we have another pad that in that particular area of the field, we had 6 wells. And those 6 wells were not quite as long at least a couple of more not quite as long as say the 12 wells pad. So to look at I won't say lumpy because we are scheduling these things out fairly consistently with turning in line in areas of the field that returns these in line. Then we have our forward looking plan for that. But I think through '19 as being fairly consistent with what we have seen in '18.
Dan Dinges: Charles, we’re planning on utilizing the capacity available in at Atlantic Sunrise as soon as it is available. The connection to our gathering system of the upstream portion of Atlantic Sunrise is designed to take the volume of gas that we committed to and is our full intent to deliver the gas as soon as Atlantic Sunrise will take it. One other thing on our conservative, I wouldn't try to be cute on the comment on conservatives, Charles, but one of the things that I think is relevant, the ramp up and shifting in a small area a Bcf a gas and coordinating two power units that are coming on at the same time and moving gas around in a small geographic area, is done with a -- the switch of the valves I guess, but it's multiple valves it’s multiple coordination to get it done and get all smoothed out. So in light of the time of the year which the shorter month time of the year, when you get a little bit of the early cool weather, it ramps up the pressure in the pipes, the pipes that are within the basin. And the amount in volumes that the pipelines will accept at a higher pressure starts creating some reduction in the volumes that you're going to be able to put into the pipe. That has happened every year back to back, back to back without exception. So the timing of that and when that occurs is a very difficult proposition to be able to forecast. What we have done is, is made some swag, it's saying, okay, how much gas is going to be knocked off by higher line pressure into the pipeline, us moving the gas out into Atlantic Sunrise should help, but to what extent is still a swag. We’ve had now as an example that you know we thought maybe there was a chance of Atlantic Sunrise coming on in July. Well, we've kind of moved it to the back half of August. That is a large swing large volume of gas being moved around out there. When you look at the Lackawanna plant and it’s come on very good and it's kind of operated in a timely fashion and we’re happy with that. In our forecast when we look at the deliveries of end of Moxie Freedom plant, we had thought June would've been a good time to fill that up and they thought the same thing. And I'm sure they still think the same thing however to line out the facility to get it commissioned to the fullest extent under all the protocol and safety reasons that commissioning takes place, and has a test period, that's what they're in right now and they're tweaking that. Well that goes from June to August as possible date right now. How do you account for that Charles in your earlier forecast? Well, we try to do it and part of what we try to do is, plan on these contingencies and in fact, if we get delays or we see line pressure go up or we don't immediately get the full acceptance of the Bcf and Atlantic Sunrise, we forecast some of that contingency. If we can over jet and we can get on the high side of our numbers we're ecstatic about it but we think and it’s been consistent with our policy and our demeanor to guide conservatively more so than aggressively. And we're comfortable with that.
Dan Dinges: That's getting fairly granular, Jeffrey. I'd have to get back to you with -- but my top line comment would be and my expectation is because I haven't looked at quarter to quarter to quarter, I've kind of looked at the entire guidance but I think the guidance is going to be fairly consistent throughout the year.
Dan Dinges: Jeffrey, keep in mind on that point you just made as a reminder, we did not turn one well in line in the first quarter.
Dan Dinges: I think it'd be incremental, right now. We have efforts ongoing to in any areas that we can to extend laterals and we will continue with that effort. Right now we think '19 is just going to be incremental if we are successful as again we have been throughout '17, throughout '18 to throw in longer laterals in the mix. We will continue to try to do that.
Dan Dinges: No, we did find hydrocarbons and there's some dynamics going on, as we are all aware of in the Permian. In the last couple of years working on this project, you are seeing near term headwinds on infrastructure out there. You have seen service cost increase out there in the last couple of years. And even though you have seen certainly an increase in the commodity price there's still some punitive differentials today and going to be apparent for a little bit longer till we get the pipeline build out there. But the results that -- we have gotten the field and consideration the other impacts that affect our return we made the decision not to move forward.
Dan Dinges: I think that in looking at Appalachia and looking at natural gas, looking at macro dynamics of what's going on in the natural gas space. I think parties that have the ability to increase their profiles -- production profiles, complete ducks to move gas to a different price points to obtain better realizations, I think is a prudent course of action. If in fact that you have some gas under this environment moving into the same punitive realizations and ramping up gas into that type of environment, I think there's going to be a point in time when particularly for public companies that shareholders are probably going to want to see some kind of rational approach in the environment and moving gas into again oversupplied markets that create the lower realizations just like what we have dealt with now for a number of years. And I would not be surprised to see some management take the opportunity to look at the space and try to get more efficient with their capital dollars -- highly allocated capital dollars in a way that would allow every dollar they spend to maybe obtain better realizations from the efficiency created by model that would have controlled growth, as opposed to growth just for the sake of growth. And every company has its own strategic initiatives its own internal complexities, but I just can't help believe with where we are in the natural gas space and the supply dynamics that everybody talks about out there that there’s not conversations and a lot of boardrooms that talk about how we get more capital efficient with our allocation in a way that allows for there to be some rationalization in the marketplace.
Dan Dinges: On the equity side, it is -- the answer is, yes, that the equity investment in 2019 goes away. We continue as I mentioned on the second exploratory effort. We continue to spin a little bit of capital there, very-very manageable on the capital allocation in that particular area. And on the allocation to our Marcellus, it’s going to be fairly consistent with the allocations that we’ve had this year.
Dan Dinges: From our number that we're seeing in '18 I think it is safe to say looking at '19 that we would expect a tick down in our direct costs associated per unit.
Dan Dinges: Well, we had -- we had five wells that we tested and we tested several zone in our project, second project we will have similar number of wells and we'll be testing what we find in those wells.
Dan Dinges: Yes, the Upper Marcellus is not an exploratory project for us. And where we’re allocating and identifying a second exploratory area is geographically different than the Marcellus.
Dan Dinges: Yes, we keep track on the activity levels and going in the past activity levels have traditionally been a small ramp up at a summer period of time in anticipation of maybe moving some winter gas. That has occurred each year. The level of increased activity that we see up there right now is not atypical of that type of activity.
Dan Dinges: We’re fairly comfortable with a flat trajectory on the cost up there and we kind of benchmark review as Michael has been a $1,000 per lateral foot and we’re pretty good with that.
Dan Dinges: Well, keep in mind our major costs that we moved the needle are where we’re contractually committed on both rigs and frac crews, so that's…
Dan Dinges: Well, the exploratory portion available cash has not influenced our decisions on the level of buybacks. We anticipate our buyback program to be as we've laid out opportunistic and it dovetails now, along with the comment I made on mayo dividend, it dovetails now with our anticipation of both in-basin power demand and our commissioning of Atlantic Sunrise. So the amount of money compared to Cabot's available capital and cash that is being allocated to the exploratory effort is de minimis and it does not impact our decision on buybacks.
Dan Dinges: No, no, I'm comfortable that we will be able to have our growth profile into new market areas for better pricing. I'm comfortable that we'll have our capital program allocations to the Marcellus with undeterred. And I am also comfortable we'll be able to buyback our authority shares that the Board has granted. And I'm also comfortable that we would be very prudent on allocation of a capital into an exploratory and hopefully into an exportation phase of this exploration area we're on right now.
Dan Dinges: Yes, we have at our last board meeting we got the authority to increase our authorization by 20 million shares. And the board's expectation is that we would execute on that authorization as we have indicated in the prepared remarks that would fall in completion of that buyback would be a 7% yield, 7% of our outstanding shares. And that is our full intent to execute on that authorization, as we continue to see a disconnect in our intrinsic value additionally, once we get Atlantic Sunrise and the power plants commission that we are generating the free cash that we anticipate. I’m sure the board will revisit our dividend policy also.
Dan Dinges: I think our policy is going to be fairly consistent even though we have identified as opportunistic policy at this stage, and again I preference it several times on infrastructure build out commissioning. The use of a component of a regular buyback plan is certainly something that we have visited. But we have also made it clear that we wanted to see the steady stream of cash that we anticipate. So, using leverage, I’ll let Scott talk about the leverage position and the balance sheet and how we might look at the balance sheet what we might do with maturities or reload.
Dan Dinges: I might add that we have really good idea for a project that goes from our field into Evercore pipeline. And there’s a much demand in many users over there and New York have asked when we could get some gas up in that area. So, we haven’t given up on that effort to deliver much needed gas to that part of the country.
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Gerry, and I thank everybody for the questions and interest in the details. We are looking forward to our October quarterly call. That call will be the first call in many years that hopefully we’ll have the privilege of discussing commissioning of lot of overdue infrastructures and I would look for the opportunity for us to again support the shareholder friendly decisions that we have made in the past and with the clarity of cash flow that we’ll continue to make in the future. So, thank you, look forward to the third quarter conference call.
Jeffrey Hutton: Sure, David. Just to back up a minute. The project was originally scheduled for in server August 1st from the time we first started negotiating our contract and going through financing and the rest of that. So, they made a lot of progress on the construction front and was able to move up the in service date what we thought at one point would be around the June 1st date. And so, they did take a little bit of gas in April and took some larger volumes of test gas in May, and they have gone through a number of performance testing and emissions testing that sort of thing. And on the specifics, I can't go into that on the -- and I would call very, very slight modifications that they're simply tweaking and finding the best way to operate the facility. This is a beautiful 1,000 megawatt facility that's kind of in any day now start up or COD event. And so, we're really excited about the facility, but it's again just some minor tweaks on how they plan to operate it surely and I wouldn’t say anything much more than that.
Jeffrey Hutton: Yes, Jane. PennEast from our understanding and keep in mind that we are a little bit from position, we already shipped on that facility. But from the conversations that PennEast operations have had with the shipper group and the customer group. PennEast has not changed their disclosure for the second half of 2019. My understanding is that they made a lot of accomplishments on permitting in Pennsylvania. They still have some remaining challenges in New Jersey to get their final permits there. I do understand that the PennEast owners all have our public companies have analyst calls coming up in a few weeks. And so, we will be watching that to see if they push that into back a little bit. But right now they continue to through surveys and building the information make sure to get the proper permits. And that’s where it stands from our perspective.
Jeffrey Hutton: No, from our understanding and the maintenance on Transco was early on. This year, we actually had two events just regular maintenance playgrounds that sort of thing. Of course we have the outage when time Cabot/Williams gathering system into Atlantic Sunrise which is something that we had expected. So looking out we have no maintenance notices from any of the three pipelines.
Jeffrey Hutton: I didn’t quite understand what section, you're specifically talking about. Let me just try to answer it this way. There's been gas introduced into the pipeline, we are aware of that. The commissioning process for the stations and the hydro testing of the pipe and of course all of the meters and regulation stations is ongoing. I can't -- as a shipper, we don't have the details of which sections of the pipe. There is actually jam packed in for example, but I do know that the commission is ongoing and that gas has been introduced into the pipe in certain areas.
Jeffrey Hutton: Let me clarify. The exploration projects that we’ve are not in the Marcellus. They are located in different parts of the United States. The Marcellus is a development project. It has been for more than a decade.
Jeffrey Hutton: Sameer, we talk about this quite a bit and we continue to have two very active on the initiatives, both with the in-basin demand project and an additional pipeline takeaway. And just to -- maybe talk a little bit about the in-basin demand program, we were out there in a various challenged environment, we were trying to relocate industry and we’re trying to find the right sized projects, the right scale. And we’re trying to find projects with ultimately improved our realizations and it’s -- right now, it’s all moving in nature but it’s also exciting. We’ve all learned a lot about natural gas users and their requirement and working in Pennsylvania and those requirements and it’s exciting. And I am pretty confident we’re going to find several in-basin demand projects that are good for Cabot and good for those industries. That said, we’re always looking at pipeline options every day. But together remember we’ve got the -- we’ve always had the underlying question that does this project improve our price realizations. And currently with the outlook on basins and the in-basin demand that we have, our realizations are improving. That said, we’re going to be up there for a long time, and I think there’s -- there are additional pipeline projects to be built and that would be good for Cabot. We’re just being very selective and working through the details.
