Mark Burford: Dan, surely what Tom referred to is we are on the two primary concerns we have right now watching our return on our investments making sure we get adequate return which isn’t the highest – isn’t the biggest concern more was not preserving our balance sheet. So, we have cash flow sufficient to really support our larger program, which we are really trying to constrain our investment to make sure we preserve a very strong balance sheet, preserve our cash position and a better way to do this. So, I think if you saw price environment settling in around $45 to $50, you could probably see us have the cash flow supporting a larger program. But at the low $30 environment we find ourselves in and that’s where we are constraining our investment to the extent we are, but there is – it probably have to be some clarity – certainty around that $45 to $55 for us to see that to make some upward adjustments in our investment page.
Mark Burford: Yes. Let me try, Tom. When you look at the different scenarios David, it’s obviously some bookings were using strip influences a lot of our thinking right now in the four strips in the low 40s through ‘17 and only $45 by ‘18 our recent stripping holding. And looking what our activity levels could be at those different price decks preserving our balance sheet strength and seeing what fits within that cash flow without really having occurred in preserving some portion of our cash balance and not incurring incremental debt what we can look like into those future years. And it is current strip environment, low-40s, it’s been 30s are challenging for us to find a [indiscernible], with our cash flow can support our pace of development. So there are lot of iterations we are running all the time, looking at different sensitivities on different programs. And then given – as Joe remarked in his comments even for this year have been impacted to a thorough completions can have a very big impacts on our timing of our production thing. So we are running on iterations just looking at what the outlook could be for this year and for the years out.
Mark Burford: Hi, Janine, this is Mark here. Yes. So in our 2016 out-spend about $600 million, $650 million of capital using a recent strip price around $34, $2.20 gas. We are looking at coming in the year with $539million of cash. We are looking exiting the year somewhere around $400 million of cash add back to ‘16.
Mark Burford: Yes. So the non-D&C drilling is comprised of about $35 million. We are targeting for the lease-hold acquisition, about $120 million roughly for capitalized overhead, it was about $40 million for production capital or at least for our production group capital for the re-completion and well maintenance, eight wells.
Mark Burford: Drew, this is Mark. As I mentioned, what we are looking at planning for ‘16 right now, with our current $600 million, $650 million of cash, capital plan for ‘16 and the recent strip price forecast for cash flow, we think we would use up from December 739 million we exited ‘15 with net debt of ‘16 out $400 million of cash in the balance sheet. So no, we didn’t expect to use remainder of the proceeds in ‘16 and we are going to see how the environment flattens out before we get that activity further, but no, we do not plan to use in ‘16 and then even in ‘17 we are still looking at different scenarios now and what pace will be in ‘17.
Mark Burford: Drew, we really have one financial covenant, which really in our credit facility which the debt to cap covenant, which is limited to debt cap of 65% and we exited the fourth quarter of 35%. And going into ‘16, we don’t see us having any issue of that covenant, even with potential future impairments, which are likely with the fact that prices are continuing to still – drilling 12 months average is still declining through ‘16, but we will have to watch that metric. Our debt to EBITDA metric typically would have been 1.5x or less, but with – in our dropping commodity prices, that metric is obviously more challenging and the exit year 12-month price debt-to-EBITDA of 1.9x. Going into ‘16, we expect that probably likely will go into low 3s or so into ‘16 with EBITDA still falling lower prices.
Mark Burford: Because they are in fact thrilled, we have a covenant that we have to watch carefully, Drew, with the rest of the covenants. We just – we were projected as basically we are not in fact expect incurring incremental debt in this environment and indeed in the future for some time. We expect to just have the $1.5 billion of senior secured notes outstanding. We don’t expect any bank borrowings in the near future.
Mark Burford: No, Mike. The $600 million to $650 million is the E&D spending. There is an incremental $58 million from midstream and other capital incremental to the $600 million and $650 million, so the $650 million to $700 million with it.
Joe Albi: Well, this is Joe. As far as our organization is concerned, we can act quickly. And depending on where we are drilling, if it’s in and along our existing infrastructure, that shouldn’t be a problem. You got to remember that we had a bigger plan scheduled and modeled as far as our organizational activity and we just paired back from it. So, getting back on the track should not be that difficult for us. We took a rig out of the yard. We have got to ask that question last year and we took a rig out of the yard that on its first wells start setting records for us. So, we are not terribly concerned about our ability to ramp up. And I would anticipate that our first place to ramp up would be the Permian.
Joe Albi: Yes, Matt, this is Joe. I will answer that. What we have modeled is kind of the worst case where that production doesn’t start until the first half or first part of ‘17. And in that scenario, we are about up to the same corporate total company levels by Q2 ‘17. And if we speed up things, we might find ourselves in maybe the Q1 time period. So again, it’s all timing. And somebody with their questions alluded to the fact that these are big projects, you have got multiple wells all coming on at once. And you saw what roll forward did for us from Q3 to Q4, significant increase in our Cana production, from 405 – Mid-Continent from $405 million to $461 million a day. So, those are big swings. You can see the difference between the Q4 – if you imply a Q4 exit rate with a typical decline or whatever, you might think we are going to be in the high 800s. And all of a sudden, two quarters later, we are 100 million a day higher than that. So, it’s just the nature of the beast and it’s all about timing.
Joe Albi: Yes, this is Joe. I will answer that one as well. The gist of it is we are modeling that is going to transpire here in Q1. We have been able to work some other marketing arrangements in and around the downstream curtailment that we have right now and hope to have those plus the remedy itself of the facility that was impacted with the fire that you are aware of. I will finalize by March, late March. And then of course, we have our Hidalgo plant coming on not too far after that and then there is a number of other processing alternatives that are on the map and pretty close to completion that we feel like mid to late this year, we are going to be in very good shape.
Joe Albi: Yes, this is Joe. As far as the net well counts of wells that are being completed during the year, we see about the majority of them, two-thirds of them are in the Wolfcamp, Culberson and Reeves. And then the remainder is primarily Bone Spring. And as I have mentioned in my discussion early on, we got a couple of rigs hitting them right now, right. And we are going to drop them down. So you are going to see our net completions in the area overall, wells waiting on completion increased to about 20 or something in the middle of the year. And then it’s going to come on down as we pull those rigs back and keep our frac crude running at taper itself down to just six waiting on completion at the end of the year. So sorry, two-thirds Wolfcamp, one-third Bone Spring and really just kind of she goes consistent completion pattern during the year.
John Lambuth: Yes, this is John. Without a doubt, we are ready to go. Our Upper Wolfcamp wells in Culberson, as I talked about earlier, are really coming in performing very well. And we’d love to get back to drilling into that program beyond just the spacing pilot I talked about. Our long lateral Bone Spring play, up in White City, is very, very strong economics. And even part of our Woodford development in the Eastern core, which is more liquid-rich, especially as we look at it from a long lateral perspective, which our acreage allows us to do looks pretty attractive to us, but we would like to see a little bit more encouragement from the commodity price before we want to go and deploy capital in those programs.
John Lambuth: Well, this is John and the very simple answer is no. In no way that we feel like we have reached the limits. We constantly are debating entirely about all the different components that go in at our frac design. And quite frankly, I am constantly amazed how certain tweaks lead to even better and better wells. So no, we are not at all feel like we have reached a point where we can get even more reserves out of these laterals. And quite honestly, that’s some of our charge right now, given the environment we find for every dollar we invest in those wells, we need to get more out of those wells. And so far, I have been very pleased and that we have been able to achieve that with a number of our programs.
John Lambuth: Yes, this is John. I think it’s safe to say that when we reach that point that we want to get back towards true development drilling, then certainly that’s going to lead towards that high intensity rigs and pads and so forth. But we just don’t know at one point we will be back there. Here is what I know. I know for this year and going forward, our main goal, as Tom alluded to, is both the balance sheet and more importantly protecting investments we made in the acreage that we picked up in both the Anadarko as well as the Permian Basin. We have wonderful acreage and we have gotten it at a very attractive price and essentially for this year’s program, as we go up to the end of the year, that’s where our capital is going to be geared towards is preserving that acreage position so that we are in a very good position. Whenever the time is right, then go back to that full scale development, when that will be, I can’t tell you at this point.
John Lambuth: Well, this is John. And yes, we always have on our way to return hurdles. They are a little bit challenging right now. What we find ourselves – I guess what I find myself doing, there has been a lot of time looking at just flat price returns, I just don’t spend much time looking at strip right now. And then we look at those flat prices and we ask ourselves, is this a good investment. Especially these wells we are drilling to hold acreage. And in this environment, it’s tough, I will admit. But when we look at that and look at the future potential of that section we are holding, we still feel like we are making a very good investment in drilling those wells. So right now again, we definitely look at the IRR and quite frankly, that means some of the acreage that we have will not be held because no matter what scenario, whatever flat price I look at, it’s hard to envision how holding a certain set of acreage is in the best interest of Cimarex. That said, we have a lot of good acreage to hold there on and I am very pleased with that.
John Lambuth: Well, I can simply tell you we look at our programs, we look at different flat prices like the one Tom mentioned. And certainly right now, the two-mile Upper Wolfcamp and Culberson in that area is one of our top tier programs right now, especially with the most recent well results. So, it looks very, very good to us. And we are very anxious to get that spacing pilot in, so we can start to hone in on exactly what the full potential is for that zone for us from a development standpoint.
John Lambuth: Yes, this is John. Yes, we will be testing quite a bit of extension acreage throughout the Meramec. Part of that will be to essentially hold our acreage. A part of it also would be delineation. We are still constantly surprised, not just by our results, but as Tom alluded to, a lot of competitor results that are kind of changing the landscape within the map in the Meramec. And it’s given us some encouragement, especially as we look more to the Western side is looking much more attractive to us. Unfortunately for us, we have a pretty nice position over there. In fact, that’s where lot of the new leasing that we have picked up is in more of that area. So yes, throughout the rest of this year will be geographically spreading across that map quite a bit with the wells that we would be drilling and that will just help us further delineate the full potential for this interval.
John Lambuth: No. Joe is absolutely right. Again, we are pushing back in the Eastern core development theoretically into ‘17. The majority of our completions will be Meramec. And then we have the occasional Woodford one-off well where we still continue to expand and test the boundaries of our Woodford play.
John Lambuth: Well, this is John. And I will just say, as I alluded to in my comments, we have a partner and we develop these roads. We coordinate with our partner from a standpoint of the frac calendar. We recognize that to achieve the optimal result, we have to work together. We have to time our frac schedule appropriately as we bring these wells on. Our partner has indicated to us that, at this time they would like to delay that frac schedule. And so we are working with them and coordinating with them to the best of our ability. We have emphasized we would like to move it up some, if we could. We decide the positions were taken, but I think we would like to move it up in the year if we could. And we are having those ongoing discussions right now. And we will see where it ends. I think what we have done is we presented you maybe you could call the worse case scenario where they get pushed all the way to early ‘17. But there is a chance perhaps we can push them up earlier into ’16, I think that would be our preference.
Tom Jorden: Yes. And I just want to finish your question, but I don’t want to throw a marker down that’s $45 oil price. If we see a recovery in oil price, it looks better and better to us. So, I would even say if prices get north of $35 and our outlook is stronger, we are going to look at it. I don’t want to throw any particular number down and say, that’s the number. We have the flexibility. We have the balance sheet to do it. And it’s going to be what our vision is. I mean, if there were some structural changes in all markets and the reason for long-term optimism, we would be prepared to act to that.
Tom Jorden: Yes. And I want to – this is Tom, I want to follow up to that. John and I started off first thing this morning at 7 o’clock in my office arguing about just this thing, not arguing with one another, arguing the point that one of the nice things about having assets and through the most active prolific areas of the country is there is a lot of activity. And we study our competition really hard. It’s pretty important if you are going to have an innovative culture you can’t have and needs to be invented here mentality. And so we are always looking to see what others are doing. And I think we have a lot of room for improvement, I would say in both our corridors, the Delaware Basin and Meramec. There is lots of things others are doing that, yes, we have opinions on, but at the end of the day, some of this is just trial and error and we need to try some things.
Tom Jorden: Janine, this is Tom. We run everything currently down to around $30 NYMEX oil and $2 NYMEX gas held flat forever. So those are index prices, and then we will deduct whatever market deduct to get back to the wellhead. And we would like to see our cost of capital are better at that flat price. And then we will also look at the strip. And let me just answer your question this way. If we were forced to increase activity and we had an A-tax 25% hurdle rate. We have lots to do in our portfolio. If we weren’t tasked with holding acreage and we can just go drill at will and there were no other considerations, when we look at these long laterals in the Wolfcamp, the long laterals in the Cana, Meramec play, we have lots of them that generate, what I would say, are acceptable returns at current strip. But as John said, we have a lot of considerations currently. We don’t think prices will stay here forever. We have some outstanding acreage that we would like to hold, not all of which can be developed with long laterals. We have partner considerations. And then we also have some science that we want to get done that will really set up the future. So it’s a balancing act. One thing that we will not do, one thing we will absolutely not do is liquidate this company because we are in a $30 oil environment. So we are going to make judgment calls as we see fit.
Tom Jorden: Drew, it’s Tom. I want to be clear and I think I have been, but we have actually made this tactical decision to try to keep as much cash on our balance sheet so that we are well positioned when this situation turns around. We think that the best activity level for Cimarex in 2016 is preservation mode. We want to make sure we preserve our assets, we preserve our obligations and we preserve our flexibility. But our goal is to keep as much cash as we can on the balance sheet as we look ahead so that we are well-positioned to strike when we see some daylight.
Tom Jorden: Yes, Drew, we have for sometime now. We are working towards having a quarterly progression in our hedging program. And we did take steps in the first quarter, hedged 40 million a day for 15 months for second quarter of ‘16 to second quarter of ‘17. And that was a layer that we will put in is targeting on about 10% of our four production roughly in that neighborhood. And we look at it again. And we were targeting 4,000, 5,000 barrels a day of oil would be our target for the first quarter. Other, as you mentioned a forward strip in oil prevented us from taking that step on oil, but each quarter, we are going to look at that forward projection on our volumes and look at clearing maybe 10% on our volumes each quarter and over a period of time, when you hope to get to about 50%, our volume covered. But we have been inhibited by low oil price for taking that step on oil.
Tom Jorden: Jason, it’s Tom. Just let me follow-up on that. One of the things that we are seeing in the Meramec is a fair variability, but also a fair availability of results with landing zone. Landing zone seems to have a fairly strong impact in a way that has surprised as compared to the Woodford below it. And so I think as we go forward, you are probably going to hear us talking more and more about the Mississippi as opposed to the Meramec that some of the lower section, you hear the Osage being talked about as the target. And that’s looking more and more interesting to us. There are some really good wells out there that are hard to explain if you only have the Meramec to explain it with. And so as John said, there is a tremendous amount of upside for us not only in our acreage but also operational improvements as we test landing zones and then also completions. We are pretty bullish on that play right now and our position. And although we generally read competition everywhere, there is some competition out there that’s giving us a lot of good information and it’s just shining a very positive light on our position.
Tom Jorden: Well, we are committed to dividend. We have got some very long-term owners that for whom it’s important. I will say, I was expecting that call because I know so many of our peers in their end of your late release had addressed their dividend. We have a Board meeting next week and that’s certainly going to been an active topic with the Board and we will make decision around what’s appropriate.
Tom Jorden: Yes. No, he is absolutely right. I will just point out the Bone Spring component, essentially those wells were drilled and so they will be completed in the first half. And then all of the rigs for the rest of the year will be dedicated towards Wolfcamp, towards finishing up the pilots. And then the rest of the time, it’s all about acreage holding. So yes, there is a component of Bone Spring, but that’s early in the year and everything else to the rest of the year is Wolfcamp.
Tom Jorden: As we have talked about before, it all kind of depends on the lease and what we need to do in order to hold, depend on the lease term, a lot of them maybe lower Wolfcamp’s, others could be upper. I don’t have that breakdown for you. I do know that as a program, we are about half and half, half net wells in Culberson, half approximately in Reeves for the year.
