Dan Dinges: Well, we have—the Lathrop station, we think could add and additionally up to about 100—between 105 and 120 million cubic foot a day. And when you look at the prolific nature of these wells—for example, just three wells we completed on the Greenwood site are producing over 45 million cubic foot per day just from three wells. So within the 54 wells that we have scheduled for 2011 and the carry-over completions that we see from 2010 with this program, we think we will be able to utilize all of the additional Lathrop compressors and also maybe free flow some gas into those additional compressor sites.Brian Lively – Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.: Thank you.
Dan Dinges: Okay. So we’ve been on that pad site right at five months. We’re finishing up the sixth well right now. We’ll move a crew on there and I would bet that crew will be there a month or more, fracking that pad site.Brian Singer – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. 
Dan Dinges: Yeah, we put in from—so what we’re seeing on the current frac pumping services per stage cost, and the recent bids we received, we’ve used those in our capital program estimates; and we put a 5 to 10%, depending on the area and the service, into our capital program.Brian Singer – Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you.
Dan Dinges: Yes. We have $25 million in the program.Michael Hall – Wells Fargo Securities: And is that just predominantly infill (inaudible) in the Marcellus, or is that—
Dan Dinges: Yeah we have, again, submitted the information to the DEP. The DEP has had it. The regulatory process in Pennsylvania right now is, I think at best, unpredictable for us at this stage; and we continue, though, to communicate and make every effort to answer any questions or information that they request of Cabot. We also are continuing to make requests to have meetings with the DEP and to make sure we can facilitate and answer any questions that they may have. So speculating on the timing is difficult. We do know that they had issued recently a permit and that permit was a permit that was simply situated as Cabot’s Lathrop station. So we’re confident that the process used to award that permit would be available to Cabot also.Michael Hall – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. Very good. Well, thanks very much.
Dan Dinges: We certainly expected that it would decline. We certainly expect that. I’ll let Matt make a comment on it.
Dan Dinges: Yeah, we are at, right now, Ray, bidding frac crews and trying to establish a longer term relation on our program out there in the Eagle Ford. So yeah, we are out there the market, and we would be—excuse me, in the Marcellus. We are out there trying to establish a term relationship.Raymond Deacon – Pritchard Capital Partners: Okay, got it. Thanks very much.
Dan Dinges: We would hope to have a couple of rigs running down there the entire year.Biju Perincheril – Jefferies & Co.:  Got it. Okay, thanks for the time. That’s all I had.
Dan Dinges: Yeah, we have probably about 3 million or so in the drilling and 4.5 or so, or a little bit more, in the completion, depending on the number of stages.Michael Hall – Wells Fargo Securities: Okay. And then one more, if I may – just coming back to the (inaudible) program for 2011 and how it interacts with the Lathrop air quality permit. You know, in the worst case if you don’t get it, why not spend less? It sounds like you’ll kind of spend the money no matter what. I was just trying to kind of understand that, given the big backlog.
Dan Dinges: Yeah, Robert, we did hedge an oil contract recently, so we did add a hedge there. As far as gas hedges, we wish we were 100% hedged at where we’re hedged right now in 2010, but we’re not. We do think that as far as where the strip price is right now, hedging at this level, we think, would be purely a defensive hedge, and you could make the argument both ways that I’ll go ahead and make that defensive hedge, but we think we’ll have price realizations at least where the strip price is today.Robert Christensen – Buckingham Research Group: But with your cost structure, that would not appear to be running at profitable levels where strip prices are today; or barely, I guess, on 2011. With the cost structure all in, it’s like 392, (inaudible) BTU.
Dan Dinges: Well, if you look at the curve hits and the economics that we’re running—for example, where we’re allocating two-thirds of our capital in the Marcellus, we’re using a current EUR of 5.5 Bcfe. We have our current—we have our current IPs that we’re seeing up there, and using your number, Robert, and using our current existing completion cost, at $4.00 we are pushing 100% return, so we think that is a very good return for our shareholders.Robert Christensen – Buckingham Research Group: Got it. So on everything that’s incremental in the Company, great returns. Historic doesn’t play under the sort of forward deck. Is that how to interpret that? I guess—
Dan Dinges: I’m not understanding your question.Robert Christensen – Buckingham Research Group: Well to me, on a go-forward basis as you define the Marcellus, highly economic at $4.00, or 100% returns. Everything else, you know, your cost basis in the entire company, looking at your per unit costs, looking—all in, taxes, DD&A, G&A, what have you, was $3.92 in the quarter per Mcf. So the economics aren’t there sort of for the historical assets, but on everything that’s involved with growth, Marcellus and Eagle Ford, fantastic returns. 
Dan Dinges: Yeah, and that kind of goes back to the statement I first made. I wish we were 100% hedged at our current strip price—I mean, our current hedge price.Robert Christensen – Buckingham Research Group: Thank you very much.
Dan Dinges: Well that’s it, Christy. I appreciate everybody’s interest and we do look forward to not only our ongoing program for 2010 but rolling into 2011; and I think you can see with some of the numbers that we put out today that we are yielding very positive returns for the shareholder with every dollar spent. I appreciate your interest and consideration. Thank you.
