Mark Burford: Thank you very much, Molly. And thank you, everyone, for joining us today on our first quarter conference call. We did issue our financial and operating results news release this morning, a copy of which can be found on our website. I will point you to the end of this news release which discloses our forward-looking statements disclaimer. And we will be making forward-looking statements on today's call. Here in Denver we have Mick Merelli, Chairman and CEO; Joe Albi, Executive Vice President of Operations; Paul Korus, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Jim Shonsey, Vice President and Controller. Unfortunately today, Tom Jorden is not available. He's traveling today, so he won't be with us covering the details of the call here in Denver. But we'll go ahead. We've got quite a bit of information to cover, so I'll go ahead and jump into the call and turn the call over to Mick Merelli.
Mark Burford: Yes, Eric, this is Mark. Our acreage is -- we probably only have -- it's a small portion, about 135,000 total acres in that play, probably only 10 or so, it's totally off the cuff here, that's in that Northwest section. We have more of our extensional area. We have more in the south than we do the northwest.
Mark Burford: This is Mark again. With that couple additional rigs, actually, we're already planning to have one rig and maybe 2 during the year for our original plan. They were scoped down with some of the sidetracking of the Jefferson Airplane well. That third rig actually keeps us on track for our original plan. So probably 10 to 12 wells this year, which we had not originally planned to do.
Mark Burford: This is Mark. We talked a little bit about what the team sees as net acres in that area. It's a pretty small amount, but they think they have something like maybe 4,000 net acres or something. But it looks very encouraging as far as economics. That first well was a good well, but as far as extension of running room, it's not that great for us.
Mark Burford: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today on the conference call. We'll look forward to reporting back to you again another quarter. Thank you.
Joseph Albi: Yes, this is Joe Albi, John. In fact, Mark and I were talking about that this morning and expecting this question. We do have plans this year to test the concept in the southern part of Cana. And it probably won't be 12 80, just due to the sections that we'll be trying in. We don't see it as being something that we do in areas of the field that we've already developed on within a 640 with 5,000-foot laterals, but it is something we're also exploring.
Joseph Albi: This again is Joe. It's a combination of a number of things. First off, we had a one-rig line schedule working the Gulf Coast. We had one successful well at the beginning of the year, our Two Sisters #3 well. It was by no means as big as any of the other Kirby wells that we had. So it was not as good a well, and it has a steeper potential decline. We had our Jefferson Airplane wells that were exhibiting sand problems, and not knowing if it was beyond the scope of that competitive reservoir. There's a number of straws being yanked into that thing by 3 of those operators, and we are not the first to be having oil trouble, I might add. But we've taken a kind of prudent, proactive approach on our other South Texas wells just to be sure. We're pitching back our wells as we feel they're entering a certain phase envelope in the reservoir from a fluid standpoint, and you're seeing a little bit of that. We've got -- I've got a list of them here -- 6, 7 wells that we pinched back during the course of January through March that represent about 36 million a day of cutbacks. And what, in essence that is doing is it's differing that production. So if you look at our modeling, you're going to see that our Gulf Coast with the webs that we're throwing on top of it, it's going to drop for about 145 million a day here in Q1 to Q2. And then it's going to hold 100 for about the rest of the year. And so -- so you see a little bit of a cutback and a push out, if you want to look at it that way.
Joseph Albi: And it's really just prudent reservoir management. The Jefferson Airplane deal may have been a fact that you had 7, 8, 9, 10 straws yanking on that thing so hard. That thing lasted about 18 months and it was making over 100 million a day at one time.
Joseph Albi: It did well from a rate standpoint, don't get me wrong. And we had the benefit of that well from early January, when it came on. So it's on most of the entire quarter. But it's not as big a reserve well.
Joseph Albi: Yes, this is Joe again. We virtually are seeing about the same prices across the board. And I think it's just a matter of more equipment being available right now.
Joseph Albi: Flat price. Where our frac costs are going up are when we're increasing stages or fluid or sand. And it has really nothing to do with vendor A being more than vendor B.
Joseph Albi: It's where we felt comfortable producing the well, given how the other wells have performed with regard to sand.
Joseph Albi: We targeted right around 10 or 11. So we held it there. And it was holding its own for a while, and we've recently pitched it back, as I mentioned, when it was going through its base.
Joseph Albi: This is Joe. You'll see us in the Permian. This is just higher level. Probably we'll be back up in the Paddock area. We're going to dedicate some rig activity to the Wolfcamp shale obviously in the Culberson area in Reeves County, as well as in the Culberson County. And then the third Bone Spring in Warwick in West Texas. So those are really the bigger areas. We do have some rigs that we're slating for saltwater disposal projects, to kind of follow-up on what Paul was talking about. Our saltwater disposal cost represented about $0.10 per Mcfe. And we've now got enough production out there we can justify the drilling if necessary and dedicate some rig activity there, too.
Joseph Albi: We're going to add one more rig to Cana and probably an additional rig in the Texas Panhandle. And we'll probably throw a rig at Southern Oklahoma.
Joseph Albi: That's our hope, that's our current model. Of note, you'll notice that our full year guidance -- I think this is important -- a little statistic to throw out there. Our full year guidance dropped 10 million a day, midpoint to midpoint. Our Gulf Coast projection is 20 million a day below where we thought it would be when we first put out our guidance. So the Permian and the Mid-Continent have made up an additional 10 above and beyond what we had forecasted at the beginning of the year.
Joseph Albi: Mick's answer was we're competitors. And the fact of the matter is that would be very difficult to build it. It started off as a war and it kind of ended as a war, but the irony is the last guy standing will probably be the winner. And a lot of us...
F. Merelli: It's pretty simple. You just -- you decrease the rate and you decrease the rate of decline. And so we just -- it produces -- it can produce that over a longer period of time. So it's going to break that decline rate.
F. Merelli: And the other thing is, is that every time we drill a dry hole on the data set, we have to relook. Because we saw an anomaly, a seismic anomaly that we thought would produce. And it didn't. So they get a sonic log out of the dry hole and then they have to see what does that mean to that data set and what does it mean to the other prospects that we have out there. So that slows us up a little bit when we see one. We have to look at it and see if we can explain it. What does it mean to the other prospects? So it slowed us up a little bit. They looked at that, they've got a bunch of prospects out there, as Joe pointed out, that are non-contingent, and so we'll get in there and try to get them drilled now. But some of that delay is something and it depends on the reason that, seismically, what happened? What was the reason that the well didn't produce? And they have to take that apart and go through it. So every time we drill a dry hole, it kind of makes us look.
F. Merelli: Another way to answer your question is that that well didn't look like a Jefferson Airplane, Kirby well -- it wasn't a thick Kirby. We weren't expecting one of those kinds of wells out of that well. So it was pretty much like we thought we'd find.
F. Merelli: We expected that we had a 40% chance of drilling a dry hole, and that's what we got. It probably would have been in the same kind of -- it wasn't. We weren't expecting big thick sands there. Those wells that come in for 9 to 10 million cubic feet a day and make all those of liquids and everything, they're tremendously economic, but they're just not quite as good as those other ones.
F. Merelli: I think there's one thing that I need to clarify, and that is we like operating out of our cash flow, and it makes the drilling program look a lot better. And I have absolutely no reason -- if we find something we want to accelerate on, if we found some sort of deal out there that we liked, anything, we have such low leverage that that's really not any kind of a problem to us. And sometimes when I hear the question asked, I think that some people believe that we have some sort of rule around here that we're not going to expend our cash flow. And that's definitely not true. So it will depend on what we can get done. Now, frankly, it's booming along at about a $1.4 billion rate. We've got the organization stretched out pretty good. But if we find something that we really like, we'll extend that cash flow if we like the returns.
F. Merelli: Yes, we have -- we were involved in an acreage buy up there, but the term of that acreage is kind of going out. And so I don't know what we have up there, but we're probably not going to get to it because I think a lot of it goes out in 2011. And so that northwest extension of the Cana project, as far as Cimarex is concerned, probably has its limitations.
F. Merelli: The other thing, Eric, is that it'll be -- some of the -- a couple of these prospects could have development wells on them. So we don't know. We're just looking at them. But there's funny-looking thing that might accommodate 2 wells. So if we get into some of that, which we hope we do, then we'll get a little bit more done. But we don't know that until we get them drilled. So we're going to blast through the non-contingent part of the exploration program in the Gulf Coast, see what we got and go from there.
F. Merelli: And it's because we can't forecast it's sanding up and a lot of those other things that happened. We've got a lot of -- those are great wells and we love them, but they're hard to predict.
F. Merelli: Yes. Your suggestion is absolutely on point. But in practicality, in that part of the world, it doesn't happen. People just line up and compete.
F. Merelli: Not significantly. The thing that you can tell about what we're saying that we're concerned about and we have little devices that listen for sand grains, the problem is, is that sometime we get instead of one sand grain, we get a couple of yards of sand. But that's the problem. At sometime, and for whatever reasons, a lot of people have seen in that part of the world when that pressure comes down and you're at high rates, you can start moving that sand.
