Thomas E. Jorden: Brian, this is Tom. I do want to touch on that, and that's a great question. I will tell you that we debate that every day around here, what should our proper level of activity been -- be and have been. We -- as we look into 2012, it's really obviously all about Permian and Cana. And those are 2 different issues. Cana, we embarked on this infill project last fall and we had at regular roll. We moved 10 rigs in, in a line, and we had some decisions to make. When we first started, we said, well, let's commit to absolutely infill 3 sections, and we had 7 lined up, ready to go. And one of the nice things about our program is we have some flexibility. Of our rigs, we only have a few that are under any term contract and they all go away this year. So we would have and do have the flexibility to ramp that program down and kind of decelerate slowly. So we're still -- the guidance range of $1.4 billion to $1.6 billion, some of that involves, hey, what if we slowed down a little at Cana, and we're debating that. Right now, looking at the markets -- and we run those sensitivities aggressively. We've run sensitivities at a horrible gas price, ethane rejection, I mean you name it, we run it. We think that program generates really nice returns today, and that's a testament to Cana. And then the other issue is the Permian. The Permian is just lights out. There's no question that that is generating outstanding returns at today's cost and today's pricing environment. We have the opportunity and we like activity. We are a high-volume outfit. We always have been. And one of the reasons we like activity is guess what? When we're active, we generate more opportunity. We have an active year, we look up and we have more years of inventory than we did when we started because our generating teams, through their own activity, find more things to do. So we have kind of given Cana the mandate of you know what, we're going to go forward and kind of steady as she goes, and we have some flexibility there. Permian, we said, get her done. Those returns are great. As Paul said, that's why that balance sheet is there, and we're very, very pleased with the returns we have going into 2012.
Thomas E. Jorden: Well, I think that's absolutely true. Now we don't like to issue 5-year plans. We've never seen any that's ever worth the paper they're printed on. And of course, prices, costs, I mean, I'm giving you all the standard disclaimers here, but we have multiple years of inventory. Our second, third Bone Spring play, this is our best play, has currently 3 to 4 years at our current run rate. If we never generate another idea and we had our only current land on that play alone, we have 3 to 4 years of run rate at our current drilling pace. And we're -- it's our most active lease play. We're continuing to generate activity aggressively through additional leasing. And then, of course, at Wolfcamp -- and we own -- Wolfcamp is still early. I mean my enthusiasm is because that's what I'm paid to do. I believe in our staff and I believe in our internally generated ideas and I've always liked talking about good results. But we're going to see. If that looks like what it's evolving into, that in and of itself is many, many years of drilling and it's very liquids-rich. So the Permian is a sustainable business for us. It's not something where it's a -- we're not having a going out of business sale with high activity in the Permian. It's sustainable.
Thomas E. Jorden: No, absolutely not. And everybody has their own philosophy. We try to give a lot of transparency to our assets, and we think we've got lots of things to do for many years to come.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yes. But I just -- I'd chime in, when we made that commitment, that's a crew that we could -- it's a [indiscernible] the Permian. So that's not it. We don't view that as a -- that would not be a factor in any decision we made.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yes, we're -- again, we have some complete flexibility and it's driving our team crazy. Because our flexibility has keep those 10 rigs running, infill all 7 sections and then go to another row that we have ready to go. So we could just keep infilling Cana until the cows come home here for years to come. But we do have flexibility. We're watching these markets like everybody else is. And we're going to react depending on what the gas and natural gas liquids price dictate. We're not going to destroy capital to keep rigs busy.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yes, Gil, you know us. I mean we're going to do what makes sense to us, and I hope everybody hears that loud and clear, that these plans we're reporting are great, but we're -- our only commitment to the shareholders is we're going to make what we think are best decisions for long-term interest of the shareholders.
Thomas E. Jorden: Well, Gil, this is Tom. I -- we tell you that we have a lot of new data coming in and it'll be second half this year before we even have the opportunity to talk about any kind of go-forward in inventory. So I think we've done exactly the right thing, and that's we haven't guided any Gulf Coast production. So we'll know when we get that in, what happens. And I would expect we're going to have inventory, I would be surprised if we didn't. But one of the things that we're going to try to do is space it out a little bit. I mean, we -- I mentioned binge exploration. We've always kind of been a; let's-get-it-done-as-soon-as-possible outfit, and not that we're changing our stripes there, but we're going to try -- I like the fact that we're having a few programs come in that will give us the option to kind of, assuming we have the kind of inventory we're planning, we don't have to get them done all along. So we can space that out, so it will be more manageable in terms of production. But that said, I think I'll just -- you're being horribly redundant. I mean the thing that we're all kind of excited about is we see this permanent Mid-Continent growth kind of makes this issue, to us, kind of irrelevant in terms of the kind of lower print that may have.
Thomas E. Jorden: Jeff, one thing that we talk about, everybody in the industry's aware of this, when you go to a more liquids-rich program, it doesn't necessarily show up in an Mcf equivalent rate, but it sure shows up on returns. And when we look at Cana core, our -- we haven't talked a lot about Cana deep results, but we have good results. I mean we had, on average, with 19 wells we drilled, 15 of them operated that are currently on line, we were averaging 4 to 5 million cubic feet a day held flat on a slowback for 3 months or more. We're slowbacking those wells, choking them back to try to manage that downhaul reservoir pressure. So they were very, very nice wells. The problem with it is that it's methane. There's almost no liquids uplift there. So as we go to the core, we're seeing kind of comparable rates, but we're also seeing yields of anywhere from 10 to 35 barrels of condensate per million, condensate that is trucked off as oil, and then anywhere from 86 to 111 barrels of natural gas liquids per million. So the rates on an Mcfe basis don't necessarily show the difference in the return. And so it's much more capital-efficient.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yes. And so what will happen there, a lot of that 2011 was our pushing to Cana deep. We spent a lot of money putting the Cana deep position together. We would like to see a very aggressive acreage year, Mark's carrying $140 million, and I would say, I would expect the lion's share of that to be Permian and other new ventures. And new ventures could be Anadarko Basin.
Thomas E. Jorden: Well, yes, this is Tom, mister dour from the Q3 call. The thing that I -- Chris, we never get a do-over in life. But one of the things I will say is even in the Q3 call, our returns in our Permian were very good. And I probably should have stressed that a little more. It was our actual results to our expected results. And so what changed is our teams really tore into that. We did a lot of petrophysical work, some geochemical work, and identified some more subtle trends that we had -- kind of we've been kind of drilling our way into and we really tore the wells apart, built some water saturation models. The operations group did a great job of getting some saltwater disposal in place that will allow us to make money moving this water instead of hauling it and really drilled some nice wells. We are not here today talking about individual wells, but I will say, we did drill some wells in the fourth quarter that averaged, for first 30 days, averaged over 1,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. And that's through that science, we moved into some areas that we think are just better. So that said, we upsized our fracs. We had some nice results in the Wolfcamp once we completed our wells. So there were so material changes in our program. I mean we're always focused on getting better at the business, and in the third quarter, you kind of caught us in the middle of it. And I will say, today, we are better at the business.
Thomas E. Jorden: I want to give kudos to our marketing and operations guys who've done a great job there. We find ourselves up with a couple of purchasers, where there's scorecards in place, certain processes in place to ensure trucks are available. We've put a deal together for the piping of some oil out of the West Texas area with some commitments on their part, to the hauler's part and ours, that we will both perform. That has certainly helped. And that really picked up in Q4. We had a little bit of a problem with the weather in December, and then we made all that back up just tremendously here in January. So the guys have done a great job there.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yes. And because of the delay on those completions, that really would not impact 2012 significantly.
Thomas E. Jorden: In 2013, right. If we were to keep going, almost by the middle of third quarter, anything we do from then out shows some 2013 production just because of the -- there's a natural delay when you drill these wells side by side. You have to get a certain bank of them drilled before you complete them.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yes, well it's -- there are -- that's 2 different areas and there's 2 different answers. In the second Bone Spring, it's -- a lot of its geography, we, through our analysis of the petrophysics, stayed out of some of the higher water-cut areas. We also upsized our completions. And so that -- some of it is geography, targeting what we saw as richer areas, and some of it is upsizing our completions. So it's a combination of both. In the Wolfcamp, some of it's just the real estate. I mean we're drilling our way through and we've tried targeting a couple of different stratigraphic intervals. One of the things that we see in that Wolfcamp play is -- and we talked about this in the very beginning. We don't understand the variation until we get out there and drill it. There's not a lot of wells to key off on, where we have mud logs. And so one of the big variables is going to be yield, how much condensate are you going to make, what's the natural gas liquids yield. And so we're out there drilling and testing the area, and we're finding that, I think, we're identifying a couple of sweet spots out there. So, Joe, it's kind of a combination of both, operational efficiencies and real estate.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yes. The water issue is -- if you drill into an area with high water cut, you're going to make water. I mean if somebody has a way to fall -- fix that, give me a call. But you can mitigate it by saltwater disposal. And in the third quarter call, we were in a situation where we're paying at times, $4 a barrel to haul water and that could just kill your economics. So we've gotten saltwater disposal wells in, and we've also, by this petrophysical work we've done and working with our operations group, have a plan in place where we can go in and target these high water cut areas, but have a disposal well ready so we're flowing back into a saltwater disposal well. But I'm looking at a -- right as I answer your question, I'm looking at kind of a highlights reel of the fourth quarter in that second Bone Spring. And I will say that our water cuts vary from 29% upwards of 65%. So even at 65% water cut, you can make a nice living if you can dispose that water efficiently. So I wouldn't say we've solved the water issue and that we're still going to make a fair amount of water in that play, but we've done a lot in terms of fixing the economics of it.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yes, Joe, this is Tom, and we -- you know us well. I mean we'd rather talk about results than promise, and we're really happy to be here this morning talking about real results. We haven't had our last problem solved. We're a blocking and tackling outfit. We try to do good science, be good at the business, but we certainly like where our Permian and Mid-Continent assets are sitting right now. We're having really good results. And I think that the program we've outlined here today has a great promise to deliver those results. And another thing that we're really pleased to report to you is we have flexibility. If there's ever a time in our business where I've looked out at the future and thought that the boundaries are broader than I've ever see. In terms of up and downside of people's forecast, we have flexibility, so to be able to react, to run for daylight or pull in a little bit, depending on market conditions. So we'll continue, hopefully, to report good results, but we've had some very, very nice results in both the Permian and our Mid-Continent programs.
Joseph R. Albi: Gil, this is Joe Albi. As Tom mentioned, our rig commitments are really far and few. There are 4 rigs that we've got some type of commitment to with Cana. Those all edge off by the -- or fall off at the end of the year. And everywhere else, it's well to well. So I hope that gives you an idea of what we're contractually obligated to do there. On the service cost side, the only other type of commitment we have is for one of our frac services providers, and we've got about another year left on it. It's kind of one of these deals that we've committed to some capital level of expenditure, and if we don't meet that every month, that we can move that into the next month. So it doesn't really force us to do anything.
Joseph R. Albi: No, that was just Cana. And if you bear with me a second, I can give you a better idea for that. I think total company, we should be upwards near 25-plus. And then, of course, we'll whittle that down as the infill project matures.
Joseph R. Albi: And if we get backlog like we did before, we'll just pawn some additional frac crews. So part of the science of the infill is the completion and understanding how to frac in those wells not just individually, but multiple wells.
Joseph R. Albi: Well, this is Joe. Built into all this, when we look at 2010 to '11 and '11 to '12, there are some timing issues that come into play. In particular from '10 to '11, if you remember, we had a huge backlog of completions in the Permian. I think we got up as high as 30 wells waiting on frac by the middle of the year. And then, of course, we pushed that hard at the end of the year. So when you -- those production results occur at the end of the year and then averaged out over the full year,are a number. I would answer this question, and Tom, chime in too, that the types of wells that we're drilling, the targets that we're drilling, the IPs that we're seeing, we're seeing some better results in the Permian. Cana is coming in as expected. It's more of a timing issue on when we anticipate the wells will be drilled and completed, and then, of course, coming online. I mentioned in my section of the call that we were, I guess, tail end loaded with accelerated production growth in 2012. Our current model is saying that maybe our exit rate, midyear, might be 6 and a quarter, 625 million a day, and with that growing hopefully to levels over 650 million a day-plus at the end of the year. So that gives you a feel for how it's hitting our model as far as it being our equivalent production estimates. I don't know if that helps you out at all, trying to understand how we've modeled it. I wouldn't say it's the type of well that we're drilling other than we are drilling some better wells in the Bone Spring area, the capital efficiency that comes into play, in particular in Cana, where we've kept our well costs in check, and we're going to optimize our drilling and completion dollars, especially the completion dollars, trying to figure out what kind of bang for the buck are we getting on our fracs to try and keep that in line.
Joseph R. Albi: Well, I think most of it's associated with pad drilling. You put 2 wells on each pad, we're consolidating services where we can, we're consolidating equipment where we can. You've got reduced move[ph] charges because you're not moving[ph] from well to well. Our facility costs are lower. We've utilized biofuel on 6 of our rigs. That's knocking off about $300,000 a month of our drilling and completion costs with 6 rigs on biofuel. So there's a number of things that we're doing there that program drilling really allows us to do and take full advantage of.
Joseph R. Albi: But that really surfaces -- this is Joe, that really surfaces in the Permian program, too. We're directing more capital into an oil and liquids-rich area down there, and it's the same deal. An Mcfe in the Permian is not like an Mcfe in a dry gas area.
Joseph R. Albi: This is Joe, Ryan. We've put in about -- I think at the end of the year we had over 67 miles of infrastructure, mostly pipeline in place in the Permian. Our goal was simply to control our infrastructure, obviously, and give us some market optionality. We're worried about takeaway capacity on the Permian as I know all of our competitors are. We've put in our own tap into an El Paso line that we will be JTing our own production. That gives us a little bit of a reservation, if you -- capacity, if you want to call it that. And we're also working with the likes of, I won't name names, but other processors to understand what they have coming around the corner in the area and what capacities they currently have to try to ensure to the degree that we can that our volumes are moving. We see the El Paso tap as kind of being our safety net where we may not get as a good recovery out of our JT, but we certainly will be able to move the gas.
Joseph R. Albi: We've built out around the current 10-rig program. So to the extent we accelerate or decelerate, it would affect those numbers. But if we decelerate, as Tom mentioned, we'll be moving that capital elsewhere.
Joseph R. Albi: Yes, that's a tricky question. This is Joe. With regard to fracs, the frac has a number of components. You've got your service costs, and that can be affected by the cost of their personnel, number one, and to some degree, our efficiencies in getting a job pumped. If it takes us less time to pump a job, the service cost is less. On the service cost side, we have seen the per unit cost go down. You've got the other 2 ingredients. You've got fluids, and those can vary by the degree to which we use more fluid and the type of fluid that we use. And then on the prop side, what type of prop do we use? We've worked very hard to use white sand where we can, and for the most part are using it in virtually all of our operations. That's helped cut our cost down on the prop side. But if we run more stages, we're going to run more -- we're going to pump more prop and more fluid. So overall, I'd say, as a company, that quarter-to-quarter, we've seen our overall total company service costs go down. And the fluid and prop costs are probably in that flattish range as a result of how we may or may not have changed our program design.
Joseph R. Albi: Yes, right now, it's starting to soften on the service side. The biggest controlling factor there is do we pump x number of stages or y, with y being more than x, the total volumes pumped. I want to elaborate a little bit too on what Tom said about the SWD issue and how that affects not only our lifting costs, but the economics of these wells and particularly, the Permian. We really got going on that, I'd say, in late Q3. Some of the results of those SWD projects we'll see in our lifting costs being reduced from current levels on the SWD side. But our real goal is to get out ahead of this thing so that those costs never even hit the books and that we're paying virtually little, if any, dollars to dispose of any of the produced load water that we see from our new wells. We have identified, at the end of the year, 17 different SWD projects that entail about $40 million worth of capital that we're trying to undertake that hopefully we'll have done here before the end of the year. Some of them have already been completed. But we're really emphasizing that, and that is really having an impact in our overall rate of return in the Permian, number one, and that, number two, we hope to have it show up in our lifting cost.
Joseph R. Albi: Well, Joe, we've got -- we're always fighting some of the same old things with mechanical issues or sand flow or what have you. But what I have attempted to do, both approaching it from 2 different angles, is look at potential risked contribution from new wells without a lot of mechanical issues. And what is that number for Q4, what is it if you just assume nothing and, from the new wells drilled and no mechanical issues, and we still come around that same darn level that we've quoted in our press release. So I really don't know how to say any more than that.
Joseph R. Albi: Yes, that's what we're modeling. Most of that solved the Beaumont stuff. And we've got some assets that are fairly longer live. I guess you want to call that for the Gulf Coast that eventually, that will tail off and that decline won't be as severe. But in our minds, the point of the matter is, hey, it's less than 6% of our total production in 2012.
