Thomas E. Jorden: As you know, we compile a lot of data and we look at that ratio carefully. As I said in my remarks, the percentage of our total capital, our drilling and completion cost is a really important metric. Not only have we seen our program be stronger if that ratio is high, but we've also seen some of our peers from time to time that have gotten into trouble, and carry it back to seeing that ratio get out of balance. You have to make some of these other investments. Land investments are critical part of our projects. Certainly the midstream investments we're making, although we attempt to minimize them where we can, they do contribute to the profitability of our production base. And then we have to make saltwater disposal investments in order to also facilitate our production. Now, would I love to see our drilling and completion dollars be 100% of our total capital? Yes, absolutely, because those are our most profitable investments and the other investments service those. But that's not feasible. Now, we are looking at some things that we can explore to try to minimize that. We don't have anything specific we can talk about, but I will say this. We look at those ratios and our ratios for 2018 are really, really healthy. And I quoted a 13-year average. That's only because that's as far back as I have good accounting data to really compare that, that's going back to 2006, but we're in very good shape with our 2018 capital program as to how those profitable drilling and completion dollars are balanced against total capital.
Thomas E. Jorden: John, you comment, because I know you study this hard as far as the impact of these big projects and what should we do when we [split them up] [ph].
Thomas E. Jorden: Yes, as you said, we haven't heard what remarks Halliburton made this morning, but we've had a lot of conversations with them about the short-term hiccup and it's not giving us any material concern. But go ahead.
Thomas E. Jorden: So, we didn't answer your question. We don't publish well counts but that whole area between the Upper and Lower Wolfcamp is just amazingly prolific. John talked about spacing the Upper Wolfcamp, our Animal Kingdom test 14 wells in the Lower Wolfcamp. Those are independent zones. We can develop one and come in years later and develop the other, and there's not a concern about [fairness] [ph]. So, it's just an absolutely wonderful arena and we can drill 2-mile laterals at will. There's discussion about even testing a 3-mile lateral there. So, we'll be working out here for decades to come.
Thomas E. Jorden: We had a lot of debate on this. We wanted to try a little tighter spacing because of our really interesting results in our Clyde Copeland test. Our Clyde Copeland test was testing 16 and 20 wells per section, little thicker part of the Woodford, and we also discovered in our Clyde Copeland test a really meaningful result when we stack/staggered for the low Chevron pattern in our wells. So, it was really based on that result that we wanted to just go a little bit tighter in Shelly, but it's not thick enough there to do the stack/stagger, so we kind of just said, we'll just try a little tighter, we'll do 8 and 12. We call these things pilots. They are really development projects. We're just going to try some things along the way and continue to learn.
Thomas E. Jorden: But you know, David, I really salute your question because we debate this constantly internally, and let me give you a very quick example. Where we know we're going to have larger development on the section, particularly in the Delaware basin, we'll go ahead and pre-build the facility, the flowback facility, to accommodate more wells. We may initially have one or two wells coming in but we'll go ahead and build the facility to be ready to accommodate additional six or so additional wells. And we're asking ourselves, is that the prudent thing? I mean our first pass on that was, so yes, that's a smart thing because you know you're going to come back in. But I will tell you, our operating group, rightly because I said at the outset, our rate of return discussion permeates our culture, and they are asking that question as maybe that's not the right approach, maybe smaller facilities that we build will be needed as a better investment of capital. So, these are great questions and I think any good operator ought to constantly be debating this internally, as we do.
Thomas E. Jorden: And also we're plugging here for our science, because we had a lot of history out here and our conventional wisdom and our experience led us to exactly the opposite conclusion. And it was because of some science we were collecting on micro-seismic data and some really heads-up curious behavior on a couple of our geo-scientists that they noticed the phenomenon that at first we looked at and we thought, could that be right, because it was absolutely not what we expected, it led us to do some further testing and it is a lifetime success in understanding of the right way to develop these reservoirs.
Thomas E. Jorden: So, John, we took our best guess at it and certainly we're not perfect at anticipating, and Joe mentioned this local sand sourcing in Delaware, when it comes online will I think be a big help here. And then our range, I will say the high end of our range kind of anticipates a little bit of inflation. So, if we didn't see any inflation, we'd probably be at the lower end of that, just checking from here on out. So, we took our best guess.
Thomas E. Jorden: We don't have that in front of us. Mark is searching for it. It is a huge pickup because as we've said in past calls, our Delaware Basin [indiscernible] a bit on Lea County and we wanted them to understand some of the multi-pay development. They have made tremendous progress on [indiscernible] this year.
Thomas E. Jorden: Did you hear that, John, it was about 70 million for basically [indiscernible] our effort this year.
Thomas E. Jorden: Thank you for that question, Joe. We do treat free cash flow as an outplay. We think that a company that has good investments, high rate of return, good operational execution, ought to be living within cash flow and generating certainly some growth. I mean it will depend on company to company. But our greatest concern is in our balance sheet metrics. You know, free cash flow, that's certainly become kind of the mantra. I will tell you, at Cimarex we look at our debt, we look at our debt-to-EBITDA, we look at our coverage statistics, and we want to be growing those over time, and we want to be over time growing our financial health. When we look to 2018, we had such a strong year in 2017, we looked at that cash on the balance sheet and said, why would we have that cash sitting there, and all the choices were available to us. I want to be totally clear and transparent here. We could have embarked on some modest share buyback, we could have returned that cash to the shareholders, or we could have invested it. That's why I said at the outset that when we looked at that, we said, look, this is a very challenging commodity environment, so we better make sure that our actual to expected results are really well calibrated, and we tore our 2017 results apart and we saw that we had tremendous repeatability, in fact we went back to 2016 and 2017 and we saw that we had great repeatability that gave us a high degree of confidence that we could hit what we aim for. And so, we said we're going to invest that cash. When we reported our capital plan, we reported with a plan that we would invest that cash over a couple of years, 2018 being one, and that was what went into it. Our bias is to invest that cash. We raise that money with that promise and that promise is still something we want to honor. So, that's kind of how we look at the world, Joe.
Thomas E. Jorden: We try not to pay too much attention on an hourly basis toward share price, but you can't ignore it either. I think there's some confusion out there about Cimarex. We have assets second to none, we have an organization second to none, but we are trapped in an environment where people are really questioning the basic value of the energy space and people are looking for things to worry about, and Cimarex has a foot in a couple of the camps people are looking to worry about. We didn't get asked today about gas price differentials. We certainly are exposed to that. But we model all of that in, and as I said at the outset, gas is only 18% of our revenue right now. So, we think we are in a pretty good shape there and we see some light at the end of the tunnel. I can't sit here and talk to the investment community about what they should value. I'm obviously extremely high on Cimarex and I think our track record speaks for itself. I'll tell you what we value. How we approach, how we think we can invest and add value over time, we've got a good track record, and I welcome that conversation. So, from time to time there will be disconnects. Right now there's this mantra around free cash flow, and I think in some sense anybody that deviates from the herd is going to be punished in the short run, but if we have a strategy that's well-crafted and we execute it well, it will get figured out in the long run.
Thomas E. Jorden: I want to thank everybody for your participation and I know these are challenging times. We are looking forward to a strong 2018, and I'll just say in closing that we're a very result-oriented company, we focus completely on results, and we expect you to measure us based on our results. We appreciate our fans and we appreciate our critics, and I mean that most sincerely. This whole conversation about value creation is a great one. We debate these things at Cimarex. I look forward as the year goes on to discuss some of the learnings from our look-back more thoroughly. We are debating changing our approach and some of the ways we measure ourselves. So, I just really want to tell you, we love this business, we love getting up every day and being challenged to be better at it, and that's our mission at Cimarex. So, thank you very much for everything you bring to us.
Joseph R. Albi: This is Joe. By virtue of me just saying that we're going to be flat from basically Q4 through Q2, and then all of a sudden we talk about the fourth quarter oil growth and the year-over-year production growth, there is a strong ramp. This is going to give us a real nice accelerate into 2019. Surely no different than years past where we've had these program ramps. Other than from my standpoint, we have like seven of them now, and all of them are coming on at the same time. So, as you really look to us getting more into development mode, I think this is going to kind of be the norm. We're going to have a number of projects where you got six to eight or god knows how many wells all coming on at once, and I think we're gone from the days where you've got this steady single well growth to program platform growth like we're seeing. So, I'm kind of dancing around your question at 2019 because we really haven't modelled that in tremendous detail, but what I will tell you is that it's a very strong ramp going into the fourth quarter and it's not beginning in the fourth quarter or it's beginning in the third quarter. So, from a timing standpoint if it were to get delayed, it's not going to, the ones I hate are the ones that all come on around November/December, and if you have any hiccup, it's pushing to the next year. But you know what, this production thing, maybe to philosophize it a little bit like Tom just did, we're measured quarter to quarter and you're looking at quarter to quarter production. What we're looking at is net asset value growth and the returns that are being generated by those production ramps are what are key to us. And if they move out a month or move forward a month, it's not what we are focused on. We're focused on a return on invested capital.
Joseph R. Albi: Yes, our team is confident to bet on the 10,000 foot long development projects that are just waiting to be [numbered] [ph].
Joseph R. Albi: As far as the logistics, I mentioned that we plan well in advance with crews and what have you and we've probably increased our crews from three to five here in the next few months and we've already got the crews lined up with our providers. So I don't see any issues there. Our batteries are constructed in quick fashion along with the fracs and so forth to getting the wells online. Unless of course we have any issues fracking the wells or what have you, we see no delays there. From what I understand about the sand build issue, the Permian right now is directly related to rail, which is directly related to weather. And we're seeing, from our guys' standpoint, it's kind of being a relative hiccup and the sand that we've already procured in advance of our upcoming operations should not be affected at all by that. If it were to continue, then we'd probably see a slight problem.
Joseph R. Albi: This is Joe. I'll take a stab at that. To the extent, and John can jump in to the greater percentages that we'll come at on wells, in particular in the Wolfcamp we'll grow our first well and build a battery that is not only going to accommodate the first well but plan for up to seven additional wells on that battery. So when I quote a Wolfcamp cost range, you could assume that the first well is probably going to be on the upper end of that range and the additional add-on wells would be on the lower end of that range. The economies of scale that you see there are reduced battery cost and then those add-on wells you are usually growing multiple number of wells, so that's where you can see some cost gains or cost benefits, excuse me, associated with zipper fracking and water sourcing. So, yes, to the extent that the inventory of wells that we have in our budget are add-on wells, they are going to reflect those costs, and if it's a first well, it's going to reflect the other cost. The sand sourcing part of your question, no, the benefits from sand sourcing are not in the equation yet. We think we're right around the corner from having some in place there that could have sizable cost benefits to us.
Joseph R. Albi: Are increased costs baked into our capital budget plan? The answer is, yes. And it's reflected, you can do simple math and just look at the cost increases that I quoted for the Meramec program as well as the Wolfcamp program and do some back of the envelope calculations to see that those represent a fair portion of the capital budget this year. With sand sourcing, through the efficiencies John is talking about, it's our intention to get those costs down and keep our productivity where it is.
Joseph R. Albi: The only other comment I'll add to that is I will tell you in particular for Anadarko where a pretty large portion of our budget is outside operated wells. We took a really hard look at 2017 in terms of the wells we participated in and they are very good return wells. We felt like we made good decisions but we also felt like that we needed to adjust that capital higher relative to what we were represented as being the expected costs. Clearly, those wells were coming at much higher, so we have adjusted in 2018 an expectation of higher capital for those individual outside operated wells.
John Lambuth: No, I think as we look at our per unit drilling cost, absolutely the big projects make sense from our standpoint. I do want to add a little bit color and I want to be clear, it's not like we plan for these projects all to come home in the second half. There are some in this particular case mitigating circumstance. One is our Avalon pilot. Basically we ran into, we could start the completions and then we have to become very inefficient because we run into what we call the prairie chicken season and we'd have to then shut down there a period of time. Thus, we decided it's best to delay it after that. That pushed it back later in the year. And then secondly, our Shelly pilot, we're doing a lot of science with that including surface micro-seismic, and so we've imposed a single frac crew on that particular pilot. Again, in normal operations we'd expect to have two frackers out there. That further delays it. So there are some operational things that are also pushing it. I would expect that as we get more and more to these individual developments, I think you'll see it line out more than always being in backend loaded. It's just this particular year a couple of our more – we had a little bit longer delay than what they normally would.
John Lambuth: That's why we've drilled both the Shelly pilot and why we've gone ahead and moved to the next pilot I mentioned. We want to get that one in the ground too. We feel very good about eight wells. That's what we're testing. The additional pilot that we're going to start drilling here very soon is on the more eastern side, so it's the more liquid-rich side, so now we'll have nice book in pilots on either end of our Lone Rock position. I think with both of those outcomes in hand, we'll be in very good shape to move forward pretty confidently in terms of how we would build that acreage.
John Lambuth: This is John. If you go to Slide 21 in our presentation, we highlight both where the Triste Draw is as well as the Hallertau. Really both of those are again spacing pilots to really get us further along in terms of what we think ultimately spacing will be both in the Upper Wolfcamp as well as in the Avalon. Furthermore, in the Red Hills area itself, we were looking at that slide. Off to the east, you see the large acreage position, kind of what we call the Main Red Hills Park. That is where we have several long laterals that we are drilling, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, where we're just reconfirming our expectation of results with the frac design. There are some outstanding wells that are drilled in close proximity to that acreage position. This is an area that we've been wanting to get to. It's an area that we've often said is HBP. So it's not something we need to drill the hole. But now we've decided to move quite a bit of capital in there because the returns look fantastic. And so, we're very excited about getting back up in the Lea County. I think the one thing I want to point out is we're also expanding or delineating. We have a number of wells trying to push the boundaries of in terms of what we think is profitable Wolfcamp and Avalon drilling. I think that's going to again put us in a much better position going forward in the 2019 for further development in that area. But it's without a doubt, when I look at our overall drilling program, this area in particular generates some of the most top tier returns we have.
John Lambuth: This is John. First off, we're very, very pleased with those drilling results on the western side of Culberson County. The deliverability from those wells is just incredible. And furthermore, the yield content has been quite frankly a little bit higher than even we anticipated. So, they are generating outstanding rate of return results. I think what that's done, that drilling has kind of given us greater confidence now that the vast majority of that Culberson position looks extremely profitable from a development go-forward basis for the Upper Wolfcamp. Now, in terms of what this development look like across the breadth of all of that acreage, we recognize there's variations there, so no one-size-fits-all, but I can at least say with confidence that the minimum average number of wells in Upper Wolfcamp will be at least eight, if not more than that, across the breadth of all that acreage. Now in some places it will be even more and some maybe a little less, but certainly over the vast majority of that acreage, there will be at least eight wells per section on average developed there. That's kind of what the pilots are leading us to now. I will point out, what will change that for us is we are currently testing additional shallower landing zones in the Upper Wolfcamp in Culberson. We have a number of wells now that we have landed, and what's called the X and Y sands which sit right above the very rich shale part of the Upper Wolfcamp. Up until recently, we've put all our wells in the shale itself, but now we've moved even higher, and as we continue to watch those results, if we get strong encouragement, then that alone may increase the number of wells we can do just in terms of adding another bench. That is something that we'll be monitoring through the year and certainly adjusting our plans if those results are encouraging.
John Lambuth: Yes, it has. And we have, per experience of our other drilling in other parts of the basin as well as other operators, we are very intrigued with that section. Thus, we have moved up into it with a number of tests and hopefully in the coming releases I'll be able to talk about those wells. So, we'll see.
John Lambuth: This is John. First off, obviously we've done a lot of drilling development in the Woodford Shale, and so I think we have a pretty good understanding in terms of, for instance like our latest Clyde Copeland results, we learned a lot from that in terms of what ultimate spacing might be. But the reason you might look at a Shelly and ask yourself, why they are doing 8 and 12, testing both in one pilot, it's simply as we move to the south, we are dealing with a little bit different thickness, a little bit different in terms of pressure regime, and even a little bit different in terms of hydrocarbon content. So, as much as we're confident in what that spacing will look like, we still need to test kind of some of the [in-member] [ph] balance of it, then we have greater confidence when we do go full development on the acreage. So that's why you go out with a Shelly type pilot, just to kind of reconfirm our expectation for the rest of that Lone Rock acreage.
John Lambuth: If I could real quick, if you look at Slide 27 in fact, we show the updated Clyde Copeland results and you will now see that indeed the 20 well spacing wells are even starting to separate themselves over time, and again, that's that learning of staggering within that thick Woodford Shale. That was a very important learning for us and something we're going to incorporate in future development projects in the Woodford where we have sufficient thickness to do that.
John Lambuth: Yes, you can think of it that way. One of the biggest outcomes that also came from Clyde Copeland is, we did deploy what we call surface micro-seismic, and we learned a lot from that in terms of our efficacy of our frac design, the interaction between individual wells and a development like that, and we felt it was crucial that we deploy the same type of science with that first pilot down at Lone Rock. We really think that getting that done now early, we're going to learn a lot about how best to for example the cadence of which wells to complete first within a major developed section, we are zipper-fracking but then there's things we look at in terms of the staggering of where we are in the bore hole. There's a lot we've learned by having that science out there, and as I mentioned, we've decided to get the best benefit out of that pilot, we'll do that which is one frac crew.
John Lambuth: I'll follow-up with Joe. The only thing I would add is, what we're representing new, as Joe said, our go forward expectation for this possibility today. I mean we crude up [indiscernible] as best we can to represent what we think we'll be spending per well. But I will tell you, in terms of some of these plays, Meramec in particular, we are looking long and hard at our current frac design and looking at in fact some of our offset operators and asking ourselves could we perhaps get similar results with maybe a change, a systematic change in design, it may actually save a little bit on the cost side. I think we're at that part in the Meramec where, and let me be clear, we're extremely pleased with our Meramec program over the course of the latter half of 2017, now we're at that point we're saying, okay, are there some tweaks we can make to the design that may pull back the cost a little and still get still superior returns, and that's something that we're discussing right now internally.
John Lambuth: In regards your second question, I'm not going to really comment on that because it's still early on the flowback of the wells, so we'll just have to wait and see. As to the first part in Ward, we do have two wells on production now and we are learning a lot from that. There are a couple of comments I'll make. There is always a concern on our part that with that existing layer of Third Bone wells, how would new wells interact with that. I think we're getting more confident now that we can land in that upper part of the Wolfcamp and achieve pretty good results and not have a detrimental effect on those Third Bone Spring wells, that's been a good outcome. We're getting better at understanding one of the things in Ward is – one of the things I look at is just water cut that's a huge component to the returns. I think we're getting a better handle on our expectation there. And then quite frankly the thing that's helping us there are a lot of competitor wells that have come on recently, some outstanding wells that are quite frankly very close to our existing position. So we're very excited to go out there and test some of those Upper Wolfcamp landing zones nearby some recent competitor wells that look pretty attractive to us. So we have a number of, I think it's around four or five wells that I think we'll be drilling this year in Ward, scattered throughout the year as we continue to test across our acreage.
John Lambuth: No, I absolutely agree. I think we have put a lot of effort, as Tom alluded, to making sure that some of these developments aren't too big. I mean that is one lesson we learned from our Woodford development where we get out there and do six contiguous sections of development. The time lag is not something we like, and it exposes you in a way over the course of a year plus. So, we've worked hard. For instance, most of these developments in the Upper Wolfcamp that we're talking about, in Culberson and Reeves, typically are half section size is what we're doing. You're thinking six to eight wells each of them. And so, we've made that adjustment. Again, I would like to think especially – I'm not making any comment on 2019 here, but as we get to more and more of those types of developments and that becomes a regular part of our routine, I don't think you're going to see this type of lumpiness or end of the year. I think there are some other mitigating factors, as I alluded to earlier, that has pushed more of the production to later in this year because of some of the things I talked about. I think on a go forward basis, I think the cadence would be you'll see more of a normal production increase off of these individual projects we do as we do more and more of them.
John Lambuth: Sure. I think the biggest difference there is we recognize – there is a big difference, and when you talk about a Woodford Shale relative to a Meramec which is more of a silty interval and how they frac, and what we've learned is when you're in that type of development where you have both Woodford and Meramec opportunity, in particular you want to frac the Woodford well first. It needs to go first, it needs the chance to have every chance to break that rock. And then you can follow-up with the Meramec, and that was really one of the things we were testing, as we have with a couple of other tests, and that seems to be leading to very good results for both the Woodford and the Meramec wells. So we're very pleased with that outcome. That really is shining a light on that 14-10 area where we're looking at it as a major future development area for us in the coming years, and as well there are just some really outstanding results for us.
John Lambuth: And it's absolutely critical for us, I want to emphasize this that the 14-10 area in particular is unique in that you have wonderful thickness in the Meramec that we are absolutely convinced at a minimum you get two benches to develop, but you also still have sufficient thickness in Woodford to generate superior, very good return. So, it's one of the few areas across that whole STACK play where you have thickness in both that leads to that co-development and we're very excited about that for future drilling opportunity for us.
John Lambuth: This is John. From a simple standpoint, if we've bumped up our midpoints for the Meramec program and the Wolfcamp program by 10%, if you just take the number of wells that we're quoting for each of those programs, you'll get to a number. We really didn't kind of look at the budget and say, okay, what do we want to bake in for inflation and then put a top level adjustment in there. We looked at what we thought the actual cost ranges were based on the frac designs for each one of these type wells and we're kind of brushing over the complexities of the total well cost associated with frac design, build for one, plan for four, build for one, plan for eight, and all the other implications that Mark and I looked at the back of the envelope calculations yesterday and thought maybe it's somewhere around $75 million to $80 million, if you look at what it represented as compared to what we would have done three or four months ago.
John Lambuth: One other comment I'd like to make too is if you look at the midpoint for the 1-mile Woodford AFE that I quoted in the call, it's barely up at all, and even with the same inflationary pressures on service cost and proppant and basically every cost category associated with completions, while we changed our frac design. And so, especially in Meramec, I think there's tremendous potential to keep experimenting there and we can see cost reductions there. The sand sourcing can have a significant impact in the Delaware. And so, obviously our goal is to get those numbers down, but those are where current AFEs are and that's what's in our current capital plan.
John Lambuth: Yes, but we haven't really – now we're getting to where we're completing those wells. So, we'll bear that fruit this year from the drilling activity that we embarked on at the end of 2017 in Lea County.
