Dan O. Dinges: That includes the Pearsall with a risk profile attached to it. In other words, we obviously risk our exploratory exportation ideas and by putting together a production cash flow statement, we risk our expectations accordingly.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, I don't know. It -- I think it depends on where companies have rate of return projects in their portfolio that would complete -- compete with their positions in the Marcellus. Some of the Marcellus up there is not quite as prolific as the area that we have, and the threshold for economic returns in other areas of the Marcellus might not compete with the returns that some companies might be able to deliver by drilling in some of their oil portfolio.
Dan O. Dinges: I'll pass it over to Matt for a second. But one of the things that you have to take into consideration is we're trying to determine where we're going to land the well. We're trying to get our mud property straight. And certainly, it's in a higher pressure regime, and the fracs require a little bit more -- well, more pump pressures. And we're using ceramic in the frac stages. But I'll let Matt also expand on some of that.
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, we have -- I don't have the exact lateral length of those wells, but keep in mind that some of our wells up there are shorter laterals, not because we prefer that but because geographically, if we are unable to get a leasehold position, that at times, we have to shorten the laterals. So again, I don't have the laterals space right in front of me, but that typically -- well, that is the reason why we shortened our laterals.
Dan O. Dinges: Yes. Well, Mike, we certainly have seen an improvement, and that's the reason why we're moving our program to the reduced spacing for the fracs. We're not prepared to give details. We are still evaluating all the pilot wells that we've drilled with this reduced spacing. Steve Lindeman and his group are currently in the throes of preparing for year-end reserve. And through that effort and evaluation of more data points on the production curve of these wells versus the wells that we are frac-ing at 250 will go into our bookings on EUR at the end of the year, and we'll certainly be able to quantify a efficiency gain by virtue of that process.
Dan O. Dinges: Okay. I was going to pass that to Scott, but he got a coughing attack here. We have -- nice move, Scott.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we have the expectation between now and the end of the year to bring on, say, another 30 wells. And if you look at what the guys were able to provide me this morning, that we think this most recent 24-hour period, that we’ll be at 780 million cubic foot a day. It's -- to me, it looks like that we will be able to, depending again where these 30 wells are coming on line and the infrastructure capacity, it looks like that the wells that we'll bring on line will provide that -- get up to that Bcf a day. And as far as capacity restraints or the existing wells being restrained either by lack of capacity through dehy or compression or by higher line pressure because we have not yet gone into the phase where we're reducing our field pressures, I think we could see incremental gains from those wells once we are able to implement reduced line pressure. That doesn’t answer your question, I know, exactly, Brian, but I do think the wells that we'll bring on between now and the end of year in our existing wells, if we were able to deliver all of the gas that they could produce, we could hit that Bcf a day. However, we will have constraints within the system.
Dan O. Dinges: Okay. Well, good questions. And the focus on the infrastructure has been something that we have dealt with through this entire year. I am pleased that we will be able to get this problem behind us for the most part in the -- as far as the effect it has on where our guidance is. And I think Jeff is the appropriate person to kind of reference the current status of the infrastructure and also where we're going with the infrastructure and the market as a whole up there.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, right now, I'll say it this way, that it's one way all in one area of the field, so I'd be reluctant to give it all right now. But we're over 50% black oil right now in the stream, and then we have a high Btu content gas along with it.
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, we have -- as we have stated in the past, we've looked at the Marcellus, and we've always outlined our typical well as being a 3,500-foot lateral with 15 stages. Now it -- our typical well, as we build our database now, will be most likely reflected as a 3,500-foot lateral with approximately 18 stages in it. That cost of that well is going to be a little bit higher because we'll have 3 additional stages in there. And in regard to cost, we're about $6 million or so now with our typical 15-stage frac well. So we'll have a little bit of incremental cost with 3 additional stages. But I'll also add that we're currently in negotiations with our pumping providers up there, and that process has not executed yet. We have not yet executed a final contract for our 13 pumping services, but I am comfortable in saying that our pumping service cost will be below our cost we saw in 2012. So I can't say exactly what I think it's going to be until we see where we land with the pumping service contract. But directionally, all our costs are going down.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we're firmly blessed with a portfolio that yields very good returns and particularly our Marcellus, and we're very cognizant of the fact that our Marcellus assets yield some of the best returns of any asset in the industry. And we will continue to allocate and grow that asset as rapidly as we can. Our main objective would be to enhance our present value of that asset, and we'll continue to do so. In the other areas of our portfolio, we will continue to capture our acreage out there, that's primary term acreage. We have done so -- as an example of what we've been able to do is the Osaka transaction. We were able to bring a partner in, Osaka, and we're very pleased to have them as a partner. And we look forward to having them as a long-term partner. So we are able to bring them in, give them an opportunity to get a foothold in the States. But also, it allowed us to have leveraged dollars to drill a little bit deeper in the section, i.e. the Pearsall. We knew the Pearsall had potential, and we are currently drilling in the Pearsall. Those leveraged dollars have allowed us to, in essence, maintain all of our acreage, including the Eagle Ford acreage, and it certainly has allowed us to compete on a return profile with these -- with the carrier we have at a very favorable rate compared to the Marcellus. In the other areas, like the Marmaton, we have acreage out there that we would continue to desire to capture because we have very good returns out there in the Marmaton, particularly with the very low completed well cost. We will look at that and have looked at that, as it is an area that would be right for a partnership. And right now, we have not strained our balance sheet. Our '13 program has free cash available even as we operate in our area out there without -- in the Marmaton, without a joint venture partner. But we do evaluate it and we do look at how we can maximize the capital efficiency of every dollar we spend. We have not taken off the table having another joint venture partner in any of our operations, less and except the Marcellus.
Dan O. Dinges: No, I think the entire area we'll look at, if it looks like a significant enhancement to us and we have the right party that we would like to be in business with, certainly, being able to enhance our capital efficiency, we would consider it.
Dan O. Dinges: No, the Daniels pad is another 7 miles to the East further. We are still waiting on that area to get some pipelines to that particular area. So that will be further out in '13 before we get a line out in that area. We wanted...
Dan O. Dinges: We will have the majority of the activity in the Buckhorn area, but we will also do an exploratory evaluation of our Powderhorn area.
Dan O. Dinges: No, we -- I haven't broken out -- I've broken it out like that just on the back of an envelope, but we're -- our efficiencies that we see on a per rig basis kind of reflect in our rate of return number per well. So when you look at -- if you want to look at it from a days drilling and rig-to-rig -- or, excuse me, spud-to-spud in the Marcellus, we're looking at 20, 22 days, something of that range. Pearsall is still a little bit early to make that determination. I will say that Matt and his group had actually penciled in drill time and run pipe about 60 days originally in the Pearsall before we drilled our first well, and they have come in, in the 40 days to get that accomplished. So they had already -- were able to beat their initial curve, and certainly have ideas on how they're going to enhance that. So we're fairly good on the type of drilling we're doing in the Marcellus, and that 20, 22 days is a phenomenon based on us having to make a lot more rig moves than we would have to -- than we'll have to make once we get to pure pad drilling. We're only drilling 2 or 3 wells per pad, and once we get to pad drilling, certainly, that spud-to-spud time will be reduced once we drill the 10 to 14 wells per pad that we plan on in future. And I would expect Matt will be able to engineer the drilling of, for example, the Pearsall wells and get that drill time down just like he has in other -- every other area that we have been operating.
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, it's Marmaton and the Eagle Ford. And we certainly have, in the mix, a risk profile of our Pearsall expected completions.
Dan O. Dinges: Yes. We have a number of wells coming online, and we have a pretty good rate going right now. I would say that if we were -- and, again, Jack, you’ve got the snapshot, so we got to make sure everything is in sync. But I'll do the total company. I think the total company would be 900 million equivalent a day or better.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, I can tell you like this. I do think that our typical well definition of 3,500 feet in 15 stages will go to 3,500 foot and 18 stages or so. And those 3 additional stages are going to have some incremental effect on a similar lateral length well as we had in our 11 bookings. I'm not going to stretch to say that every frac stage now will be a 2 million a day increment. That's just -- that's a very aggressive number, and we don't have enough data points to say exactly what it's going to be. But I will say and what we're trying to gather and what Steve Lindeman and his group and also Phil Stalnaker and his group were trying to determine is the additional frac stages, it's just not additive for the 3 additional frac stages. We think the additional reduced spacing for all the lateral length is going to have some incremental add, some incremental gain by virtue of the stages being reduced from 250 to 200. What that number is and how we quantify it on a IP per stage basis or an EUR basis, I'm not prepared to narrow that at this stage. But I am excited, and obviously, us moving our '13 program to that 200-foot spacing is indicative of how we feel about it.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we are still pumping at the same barrels per minute rate, and we are also pumping these stages with the similar amount of proppant. And again, the effect on the way we were pumping -- or the stages and how we were completing wells before, I think it's just -- the enhancement is going to be recognized through our production charts on each well as we get more data. But I do think the efficiencies gained by reduced spacing and in keeping the pump pressures similar and the pump rates similar and the amount of proppant is going to be incrementally beneficial across the entire lateral length.
Dan O. Dinges: The BOE of 1,400 barrels a day does include the full well stream. I just haven't given the mix of the MMBtu quality of the gas and the NGLs that are associated with it.
Dan O. Dinges: Thank you, Maureen. I appreciate everybody joining us for the call. I think you can see that we have posted some good numbers for our third quarter year quarter-end, expect the numbers to continue to improve as we get to '12 year-end. And we've given you a little bit of a look at our '13, and our expectation is our '13 is going to be equally as robust as our '12 was. So thank you for your commitment. Thanks for the loyalty for those long-term holders. And we appreciate your support. Thank you.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Okay, Brian. I think if you look back to our last presentation, you'll see a central compressor station, which is in the north central part of our play. That is the next major step for Cabot in terms of completing the original infrastructure plan. So that's kind of a second half or second -- late second quarter 2013. We're not relying solely on that, of course. We have a number of projects: some new interconnects with existing pipes that will be free flow activity; units that are coming on late this year, early first quarter. But, again, you asked about the major next step. That will be central compressor station that feeds a new 24-inch pipeline that's currently being laid. It comes down to the old Springville system down the Transco. In terms of moving gas around, we, of course, are very, very blessed to have 3 interstate pipelines that we're able to take our production to: a Millennium Pipe to the North, a Tennessee Gas Pipeline on the 300-line right through the center of our acreage; and, of course, the Transco lighting system. So currently, with the options that we have with each compressor station, we're actually able to, for the first time, start to play a little bit of the pricing game. So better prices on Transco, a little more gas goes there; better pricing on Tennessee, a little more gas goes there. So it's been fun compared to last December when we had, as you know, 600,000-day flowing into one pipe. And we expect to continue to build the optionality into the system and the flexibility so that as we -- as our production grows, we continue to have those options to deliver gas to different markets.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Yes, Biju, it's actually a combination of those factors. In fact, the -- Williams has done an excellent job with the agencies, at time-to-time try to venture and interpret the regulations a little differently with each application. So there's a little bit of that going on. There was the typical backlog of so many permit applications that without increased manpower at those agencies, just a number of factors from communications between dual agencies when you have a wetland application, for example. Bit the DEP has made progress. The governor actually has intervened somewhat into the process. And so we feel much, much better today than we did a year ago.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Okay. So the applications that Williams’ files are -- with the agencies, the Corps of Engineers and the DEP, they are on an ongoing process. So it's not exactly a calendar year. We gave Williams a 2013 program well earlier than some of the other wells. That permit actually could come out earlier or maybe we already have and I think we do have some of the '13 permits in hand. So it's really not a stop-and-go process with each program year; it's just an ongoing process.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Okay. Well, there's always a challenge with that subject, but here's how we plan for that one. We currently hold FT basis of around 350,000 a day of firm takeaway. So we sleep well at night knowing that we have that amount of capacity. Of course, we're always participating in expansion projects, and we have a number of projects that we're considering participation in. On a -- if you kind of think we're producing -- we're just on an average day in the past few months 750,000 a day, then you can assume that our firm transport moves x amount of gas and then our customers firm transport moves x amount of gas. So we have, from the beginning, sold to utilities LDCs in the Northeast volumes of gas that they move under their end-path firm transportation. And that's been our success to date. As we move larger volumes, we've signed some longer-term contracts with a couple of parties that have this firm transportation. It is very valuable. There's been a couple of expansions, particularly on Tennessee, the EQT expansion, which added 350,000 a day of firm. That capacity is currently not all in use, so capacity has freed up on that pipeline and also in Millennium. So we feel good that the interstates have responded with additional backhaul and additional expansion capacity. Transco has a project right now that will come about in 2 years that will add around 500,000 to 600,000 a day capacity. And last but not least, and I'll use this opportunity to plug Constitution Pipeline, that is our 650,000 a day pipeline that's going to come from a central compressor station that I mentioned earlier into the Iroquois Zone 2 market and a Tennessee 200-line market. Cabot will have 500,000 a day of firm capacity on that pipeline. So we are planning for the future. We're going to end up holding a lot of firm transport, but we'll always be selling to utilities in the Northeast and the Mid-Atlantic area that do hold firm transportation.
