Dan Dinges: Yes, David, you're right. There's a lot of variables that we're looking, a lot of sensitivities. What we try to do in laying out the plan, both the maintenance plan and the growth plan, is look at it as kind of book-ins right now with the knowledge we have and some of our early expectations of what we might see in natural gas prices. Book-ins being that we feel like that on a maintenance program we can deliver everything we're delivering today to the shareholders. And we focus on that, and we focus on the financial metrics. We think we can do that in a maintenance program if you had this steady state. And basically we've kind of been in this narrow bandwidth of natural gas prices for an extended period of time as is. So, navigating in between the book-ins maintenance and this growth that we've laid out, we're comfortable in that zone right now and kind of toggling back and froth and in-between that fairway we think is a prudent spot to land. And we'll continue to look at the market and look at the tea leaves and what our best estimate it is for natural gas prices as it rolls forward, but trying to continue to do what we've done in the past, i.e., protect our balance sheet, show a little bit of growth or have return on capital, return of capital both in dividends and share buybacks, we're going to continue doing the same, and I think our history shows that we're prudent in how we're managing that. Our position has been to give back 50% of our free cash flow. When we said today, where we've given back 100%, which illustrates that. As our balance sheet stays strong, the strip price stays in a bandwidth that we're comfortable generating, that we're going to generate free cash flow, we're prepared to go deeper than just the 50%. So we'll know -- have more clarity in February, and we'll get a little bit more precise in February, but we kind of look at what we've laid out here as the booking [ph].
Dan Dinges: Yes, we're experiencing maintenance time right now, and we have through most of October. We've incorporated that into our guidance. There's nothing unusual operationally or performance-wise that's affecting that [indiscernible]. We're in a shoulder period, maintenance happens historically as this time. There has been, as an example, on one of the weekends in earlier part of October I know the day rate gas that we had was -- it was a bad weekend, and we curtailed a little bit of gas over a weekend because we didn't like the price. So, it's all normal operations, Leo.
Dan Dinges: Yes, we're just kind of giving two plans that would allow us with our price assumptions that would allow us to keep our plan rolling forward, as David mentioned, is it kind of like moving through the plan just at a slower pace, and that's what it is. We really look at the price and where we are in February and we're going to think the in between what we've indicated and that in between is somewhere in between a $575 million maintenance program and a $700 million to $725 million 5% growth program on absolute basis.
Dan Dinges: We have that discussion with the board, and the board is fully in tune. What our strategy is and opportunistically it is our process. We don't have a scripted buyback program. And when you look at the, sum of the volatility that we've seen in the market and mainly as a result of commodity price expectations, then we've been in the market and we bought back some shares. We look at the dividend more long-term, the dividend is continually increasing since we started in '17, increasing dividends. This was the fifth increase we've provided to shareholders. And we're not just jumping out with a big number. We're just kind of moving it forward at 2.2% yield is above for the most part above the class out there, and we're comfortable with that. So we look at it in tandem. And again, just by definition, opportunistically, it's just when we feel like the market is going to allow us to be in the market to buyback.
Dan Dinges: Yes, Holly. It'll be a little bit of both. We have Phil is sitting here at the table with me. Him and his crew up there in Pittsburgh are in negotiations now for both rigs and frac crews. Those negotiations are as you might suspect, are considering what we're laying out to the public as a maintenance program and a growth program. For the maintenance program, we don't need three full rigs throughout the year and we don't need two full frac crews for the year. So trying to work both in and full respect of our service providers, but also be able to accomplish some optionality for us on rigs and frac crew. Those are the discussions they're having right now and trying to find that good balance between what our needs are and certainly trying to allow the service providers to be as efficient as they possibly can, on delivering what they do to us.
Dan Dinges: Well, we think of all the scenarios, Drew. But as far as really what our outlook is today again thinking we're going to have more clarity and be better prepared to offer what our 2020 program is going to be in February. We feel like that the bandwidth that we provided on maintenance and growth is a reasonable guidance with our expectations today and if you go prices weigh down to $2 or below. And if it's instantaneous, or it's in any given month, we're not going to have a knee jerk reaction to that. If again we see sustainable prices continue to lead and will react and just and counter to that, if we see that the with the less rigs in the Northeast and less frac crews anticipated in the Northeast, if we see that and that has an enhancement on pricing then we'll react to that, but quite frankly we feel like that the two programs we laid out is probably going to cover what our near-term expectations are.
Dan Dinges: Yes, we'd make -- that decision would be made the same way we're making a decision today. Our priority focuses on returning value to shareholders. We recognize that shareholders like to see a return both in dividends and buybacks. So we'll focus on those financial metrics as priority first, growth is in our opinion is secondary, if we can deliver the financial metrics and have a moderate growth program. We think in this macro environment that that is the prudent course of action to take and even with higher prices, I think there is a lot of shareholders out there including a lot of shareholders around this table that would like to see value come back to them, as opposed to just see growth for the sake of growth.
Dan Dinges: We'll just balance that. It's a high class problem, if we get to higher prices, and we do think higher prices are in our future, just not our immediate future.
Dan Dinges: Our guidance right now is what we put out there, and that's the $700 million to $725 million, 2020 capital program.
Dan Dinges: Well, cycle times we continue to eke-out cycle times, I know Phil in presentation to the board illustrated a couple of different areas where we're continuing to pick-up  minutes on each connection and looking at AI on the drilling side and Steve Novakowski is looking at all of those nuances that can improve cycle time, Jim Edwards on his logistics on the operations side is also focused on how we save a minute here, minute there and they've done an excellent job, they continue to do those things that will enhance production or cash cost as you see we're down this quarter. So we're entirely comfortable with continuing to try to squeeze what we can in cycle times. I don't know Phil you have like one or two things, one or two things that we pointed to in the board meeting that in the drilling for example, that we're doing.
Dan Dinges: Well, I'm going to have a look at that once Steve Lindeman kind of gets the year-end reserve report to us and what our F&D is going to be, I'll be able to answer that much more clearly Brian in February.
Dan Dinges: Yes, Brian, this is obviously it's ongoing here. We are still involved day-to-day on looking at new projects, obviously, with the intent of improving realizations and there may be a niche project here and there for us in the future. We're very much looking forward to Leidy South, it is on schedule and of course we have 250,000 of capacity on that project. Whether or not there's another two or three Bcf a day pipeline out of the Northeast and whether or not that's necessary at this point is still being studied. But I think we're positioned very well to take advantage of the opportunities that we've worked long hard for last three or four years, but again, if in-basin demand projects particularly offer better price realizations and keep the gas in basin we will look strongly at that.
Dan Dinges: I think it's underway, Jeffery. I think the - when you look at the NAT gas basin you look at the some of the stress and tension in the in the market and to make capital allocation decisions in a way that one protect balance sheet or does not do any further damage to a balance sheet is extremely important in this environment. We've seen some releases recently on where the dead towers are, and how you manage the dead towers. We all had conversations and talk about the re-determinations and the borrowing base coming up, and that's being managed proactively, I think, right now by the industry. But I also think that there's a clear understanding that over allocating capital into a macro environment that is already stretched or saturated in some ways is maybe not as prudent as it should be for financial metrics. We're also saying the ills of prior decisions on foreign transportation commitments that have been made in the marketplace. I think some of the additional drilling that might be taking place today is an effort to just fulfill commitments, and in that particular area. And I think that's influencing a little bit of market, I think that will dissipate with time. I don't think that's a sustainable model, if in fact the natural gas price stays in the range it is. I think it creates issues maybe with the future issues with balance sheets, if that continues. So I do think that you're seeing some reduction in rigs and frac crews, take one frac crew we know it's going to be down at least one frac crew up in the northeast as well. That's probably 1,500 stages on an annual basis, 1500 stages is a lot of gas compared to having that crack crew there, the same with the drilling rigs, the rigs, you might you lose drop one rig, and that's probably going to be plus or minus 200,000 lateral feet, that you're going to be taking out of future gas production that would be available for the market. So, I think you're seeing it and I think you will continue to see that rationalization occur. And the being able to say that reduction, I think is if we can get the sum of the cost of doing business down then I think companies will be more inclined to not have to grow into a growth profile to fulfill their objectives, I like it's going on and I think it's prudent.
Dan Dinges: No, the implication is that we're going to remain opportunistic on buybacks. It's not saying we're going to buyback more, it is connecting the dots, and assuming that under the maintenance program, our assumption is that the commodity strip is going to be less, and that with a reduced commodity strip, we think there could be pressure on the share price, and if in fact there is pressure on the share price, then that would create that opportunity to be in the market again buying back shares.
Dan Dinges: Thank you all, and thank you for the good questions. We look forward to seeing you once again, and visit in February of 2020. We have FULL expectations that Cabot is going to continue to deliver as we have in the past. Thank you again.
