Dan Dinges: Yes. We don't disagree with you, Josh. The underperformance is a standout, and we're disappointed with those results. To your point, we are looking at what I discussed. We're looking at the buyback platform. We're also in our - certainly, our most recent Board meeting we had this week, we've increased the dividend. It's obvious our balance sheet is in great shape. So along the lines that you're discussing, we are focusing on it, and we appreciate your comment and agree with your comment.
Dan Dinges: Yes, we've always been stewards of the balance sheet. And with as low as our leverage is today, we have ample capacity to do a number of things that would be, I think, constructive.
Dan Dinges: Yes. When you look at the M&A space, and it's been active, of course, the pandemic put a lull on some of that from the standpoint of how trades might be able to make up with a significant volatility in the commodity price along with share prices. Every company has its own opinion about how they ought to trade and where they ought to trade. So when you talk about the M&A space and you look at how you put together a transaction that can be a win-win transaction, it's not easy to find that point in time to be able to make it work. I can assure you that Cabot has not done anything in our - we've traded sideways while there's been significant volatility in our peers' stock from way below us to exceeding us in the, say, the last 6 months. And it's been a stark contrast once you had support in the commodity price, you got out of the window of concern about overleveraged companies and their outcome and their attention to their balance sheet. The beta plays and the torque in that investment by investors has carried the day, and it's been significant. Cabot, with a clean balance sheet and cash flow for 17 out of 20 quarters, was - that was yesterday. And we recognize that there's opportunity out there in the market. We are conscious of it. We evaluate it. We are not sitting on our laurels. We have discussion in our boardroom. We had discussions in our boardroom this week about this topic. In fact, it was the majority of the conversation. So we're fully aware of kind of where we sit. We know the disappointment in Cabot's performance, share value performance. I happen to be a large shareholder also. I'm hacked off about it. And I'm not going to be sitting on my laurels, and the team's not. And we plan on looking for that best avenue to enhance shareholder value.
Dan Dinges: Yes, Leo. I agree with you, your sentiment on that. And I'll turn this over to Jeff in one second, but we are excited about new takeaway capacity. Anytime you have greater than 0.5 Bcf a day that's going to now be a new infrastructure to exit volumes directly out of the basin we sell a portion of our gas into, we think it is going to be constructive on differentials. We're very much looking forward to its positive effects. And I'll turn it over to Jeff for comments also, Leo.
Dan Dinges: Yes, Leo, good questions. And from our perspective and looking at what we have out in front of us and really just what Jeff was talking about, it's teed up very well for us moving forward into the rest of the year and into 2022. When you look at the expectations on free cash flow generation for Cabot, it's going to be a fairly robust number. You can look at our history. And we have been, in the last few years, fairly generous on - and rightfully so, generous on returning a large portion in much greater than 50% of our free cash flow back to shareholders. We have - and I'll let Scott talk about our program a little bit, but we have our dividend and the variable piece, supplemental. And we do expect that in light of the horizon and the picture we're painting both from the demand, LNG, Mexico, the rationalization of capital allocated in the basin, we're going to expect favorable pricing. So in looking at how we would manage the available cash, we're already talking about it. And I think the shareholders should look forward to what we'll have out in front of us. I'll let Scott make a comment on...
Dan Dinges: Yes, that's a good question, Charles. And what we've seen so far, no, it hasn't cost us anything on our recipe on completion. We have - the early results on our new wells, the early results have certainly met our expectation of what we would have anticipated seeing. And on the 2 million a day on the parent wells, that is basically no effect. We would anticipate possible just - that to clean up and not be a rounding error as we move forward. So again, yes, we are excited and pleased that some of the revisions that we had to look at this last year were a result of this phenomenon, i.e., parent/child. Every company in the industry is dealing with this. The - at 4 wells - 4 pads and 21 wells, 33 offsets, we're getting a database now with the surgical completion we have that we think we are having a recipe that not only mitigates offset, but it also effected completions in the child well also. We don't think we're compromising our completion standard.
Dan Dinges: Well, one of the things that you need to take away, Charles, and I know you know this, you followed Cabot for a long time, but I think it's worth repeating, Cabot is the lowest capital intensity company out there. 2 rigs - we have 3 running right now, but we're going to lay one of those rigs down as we've already messaged. And we'll be between 1.5 and 2 frac crews. So anytime we are out there, and it takes so few wells and pads to be able to maintain our forecast levels of production. If we drill an 8-well pad, and that pad whether it's for weather or for whatever reason, if it's delayed, say, 200 million a day, it's delayed for a week. 200 million a day delayed for a week and say that occurred at the very end of the quarter. We report when we bring those wells on at the end of the quarter as new wells brought on. Kind of like we did this quarter, bringing on 21 wells. But if that 8-well pad comes on the last week of the quarter, it's reflected as a quarter completion. But 8 wells coming on at the end of a quarter have, in essence, very little impact on production in that quarter. So you're looking at - a week delay is, at a 200 million a day pad, is 1.4 Bcf. So that is how to fine-tune it like that. It's not always easy for us to cover our cadence or to smooth out our cadence because we don't have 10 rigs running. We don't have 5 or 6 frac crews. We don't have that mix of pads where you can balance out a new pad coming on at various different times. We're more lumpy just by the nature of being a very low capital intensity company. It's a good news, but when we report and we get granular on the cadence, it's kind of hard to use that metric with Cabot just simply because - just like we're going to see this year in the second quarter, third quarter, we're going to start bringing on a lot more stages than we have through the first quarter, and we're going to start ramping up. So that's - I understand where you're going with it. And I would love to be able to smooth it out, Charles. But that's some of what I deal with and the frustration I have on trying to report on a quarterly basis. And when I read the tie between the number of wells brought on and how inefficient or the lack of production tied to the number of wells brought on, I look up and say, well, maybe we need to put in there exactly when those wells came on in a month to be able to have a better tie.
Dan Dinges: Yes, you're right. It is a little bit early for disclosing 2022. We are working on 2022 program. We take in consideration, just like we do on our capital, our free cash flow management, how we're going to allocate and what we're going to do with that. The same holds true with our capital program for 2022. We're evaluating exactly how hot out of the box we might want to come and our design of our program, which would really answer that question. But it is early in the season to lay that out, but I appreciate the question.
Dan Dinges: Yes, it's just the - again, the other element that needs to be focused on would be not only the timing, the number, but also keep in mind that our - we're not in a geographically in a perfect squares sectional drilling. Our units set us up there, our various configurations by nature of Pennsylvania. And our lateral lengths, number of stages, when you tie it to a well count, it's not as systematic as it would be if you had, and what I hope to be able to do, in the Upper Marcellus, which I think is going to be more systematic than the drilling that we now have in the Lower Marcellus, where we drilled 10,000-foot laterals and we'll have consistent number of stages in our clean map in the Upper Marcellus, which will gain efficiencies for that project. In the unit configurations and what we've drilled in the Lower right now, as we come back through the field to fill in, the number of frac stages in each well is going to be more variable with our program right now until we get into the Upper. That affects exactly the cadence and the type of pads that we bring on along with the timing of those pads. So - and I'm trying to answer the question on expectation and some of the variables that go into that expectation. To sum it up in a different way, we're not concerned about what we're seeing on results of our wells. In fact, we're more pleased with what we're seeing now on the offset impacts that had affected what we had seen in the rearview mirror a little bit in 2020 - latter part of '19 and 2020 when we had more of an impact on the parent wells. And being able to unload those parent wells and some of the impacts we had with frac hits on those parent wells in the latter part of '19 and latter part of '20, that did affect our forecasting and how we would look at the measurement of the results and to tie back to the number of wells we brought on. Moving forward, assuming our results stay consistent as we have with our surgical completions, we don't expect now to have that impact as we bring on completions from the child wells. We do expect now to get a more immediate impact and uplift and similar production return to the parent wells after our completion of the child. So we're hoping that we are mitigating that concern.
Dan Dinges: Well, there's a couple of things. I'll answer the second question first. And I'm going to have you repeat the first question, David. You were breaking up on me a little bit. But we feel good about what we've seen and our expectation about replication. The 4 pads, 21 wells, again, when we steer our wells on the child drilling, we know exactly what our landing points are and we're trying to mitigate the impacts also with picking our landing zones on the parent wells and as I've already indicated, the variables we're using on the completion. So we do anticipate positive results. We think that is going to certainly be a metric that will enhance our program, simply by not having the impact that we saw in the latter part of '19 and some of our wells on 20. We saw - not only was it difficult to bring some of those wells back on, and we took revisions on some of those wells. And keep in mind, some of those wells that we took provisions on, we think certainly have the ability to come back on. It's just when we see it, we report it as we see it. But we do and have seen some of the wells continue to improve back from the frac impact that we received. So we're optimistic going forward. We do think that if we look back and look at that as a negative surprise in 2020, we hope we've mitigated that in 2021 reporting results. And David, I'm going to have to ask you for the - repeating the first question.
Dan Dinges: Let me make sure I understand the question. For one, the completion design is not adding any incremental cost to what we would have done if we would have completed the entire lateral in a similar fashion. In fact...
Dan Dinges: Yes. And in fact, I would have to get Phil Stalnaker kind of to answer the question more directly. But you might have incremental savings, if you would, if you have maybe less fluid or less proppant in a particular frac, but I don't think it'd be consequential enough on the savings side to try to dissect it.
Dan Dinges: Yes, I'll make a quick comment, turn it to Scott. But what you're talking about, David, is - and what a clean balance sheet does for us, it gives us all the optionalities that you've just defined, that we do have flexibility. I can assure you, in this environment, that we're not going to a 0 net debt position. We have flexibility. I know Scott talks about it. Scott and Matt visit - about kind of what capacity we have, how we might utilize that to enhance shareholder value. And we're going to continue to do that. And we're not so conservative, I'm not so conservative, to where we're going to try to get to net debt and not utilize the opportunity with this available cash to enhance shareholder value. And I'll turn that to Scott.
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Angie. And great questions. I appreciate investors' patience. Again, I've mentioned I'm a shareholder. My frustration is equally as high as maybe some of yours. And I can assure you that my optimism going into the season, we're going into and the setup that we have at - in front of us is significantly better than it has been. And I'm optimistic that we're going to be able to start enhancing shareholder value. So thanks again, and thank you for the questions. I look forward to the next visit.
Scott Schroeder: Yes. Leo, I think as we see in this industry, there's lots of volatility. We do think it's teed up very positively. As Dan alluded to, we have out - been generous, outsized what that historically has been the buyback. The supplemental dividend, the plan as - from a formulaic perspective as you lay out or commented on, is designed that once we get through the third quarter call and we get into the fourth quarter, midway through the fourth quarter and identify what that pricing is going to be, we'll know our pricing in early December. So we'll have a pretty good idea on our revenue stream for the full year. We're not that complicated. So we'll be able to - and that's why we targeted and telegraphed that December will be the time of the supplemental dividend payment is because we'll have most of our ducks in a row. Obviously, December won't be closed, but 11 of the 12 months will be closed, and we'll have pricing for the 12 months. So that's kind of the timing and the thought process for that. In terms of the buybacks, and picking up on Josh's question also, again we will be opportunistic as we were before. I think one thing is we've got the strongest balance sheet we've ever had. If we - if the market were to move against us, it's not catastrophic for us because we're able to weather any storm that can be thrown at us. At the same time, we're going to be very methodical in our thought process around this return. And I think if I was a betting man, I would make sure that - well, I'd make sure I would kind of lean towards the fact that you should probably expect something in excess of 50%. The 50% is our minimum commitment, as we've said. And when you look back at the history, as Dan alluded to, we far exceeded that.
Scott Schroeder: Yes, if it's $500 million, again, our commitment is $250. And then above the $250 million is the $180 million of debt, leaving a wedge of about $100 million. And we'll - depending on market conditions will dictate - once we get to the $250 million already delivered, and we will look at, do we want to deliver more? Or have we already bought in shares earlier in the year, taking the wedge above the $250 million? Again, we're trying to make - I'm not trying to be coy, Leo. We're trying to maintain flexibility in terms of - again, in your example, if the stock was at $15, - let's say the stock was at $12. We would lean more heavily on buybacks. If the stock was at $20, we probably wouldn't buy anything back, and it would all be delivered in the supplemental cash dividend bucket.
Scott Schroeder: There's nothing to add. There's really not. I mean at the end of the day, David, again, there's no intent to be 0 debt, even net debt. The plan we have - we have nothing maturing next year. We have a $62 million tranche in 2023 at - you probably - at 6% money, you probably pay that off, again, if the cash flow profile stays. But for the remaining $800 million, we'll look to refinance those biggest tranches in 2024, and then there's another tranche in 2026. So those would - there would be $800 million to $1 billion of kind of permanent financing in a status quo case in the balance sheet. But as Dan said, we have lots of flexibility. Again, you know we're also more - we're very judicious with shareholder money. We'd like to tell you after the fact after we've done it. We don't like to get over our skis and make promises that if the conditions change and it doesn't make sense, that we're putting a defensive posture. So I don't mean to say trust us, but I think we have a good track record of returning and being very disciplined. But quite honestly, I'll be - the buyback program of old, I think Matt and I had this debate. I think every share I bought or instructed him to buy back has been bought at a higher price than we've recently been at. So that kind of hits a little bit of the pause button going, okay, where does this settle in at? Because we are in a different dynamic. In terms of your initial question, we had shareholders a year ago, again in the thick of COVID, saying, "We want all E&P companies to be 0 debt." That's not our path. And I think the market has quickly reverted as people were able to extend out their maturities, repay debt, as Dan said in the script. And we're on different footing as an industry even with the ESG focus than we were and have been in a very long period of time. The discipline and everybody's focus on being judicious in their capital programs just makes for a better industry and better companies across the board, not just Cabot.
