Dan O. Dinges: Well, there's not a lot of variance, and each well can be unique in its own way, Charles. When you -- and that statement is consistent with the other areas we've drilled also. We have to make sure that we stay within the exact zone that we select. Down south, where it's a little bit thicker, we have a little bit more leeway to stay within that zone. But certainly, the thickness does not diminish significantly to the north, just slightly, and where we stay very vigilant on making sure that we stay within the zone that we're trying to target. But aside from that, we've been very pleased with the results. The frac spacing that we continue to play with, between 150- and 200-foot space fracs, we're toying with, and continuing to gather data in that regard. The flow back process that we employ up to the north and east has been similar. The type of frac we put on the wells was similar with the amount of proppant per stage and the pump pressures that we utilize. And the type of proppant has been consistent. So we are not seeing, again, any differences in either way, either it's our implementation and how we drilled a well, except being more vigilant and staying in zone, but our completion techniques in operation side is consistent. Flowback is the same, and as indicated, the results are good.
Dan O. Dinges: Yes. Well, we have evaluated through our internal team, not only the primary term or open acreage out there, but certainly, on small bolt-on type of opportunities, we evaluate also. Those bolt-on opportunities could come in the form of either just acreage or it could come with a little bit of production, but we're evaluating both.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, I'll let Jeff field that. But I will say this, just from an overall standpoint, that the differential by itself is going to be a certainly a moving target. But the differential will also be -- the final differential would be -- or the final realization would be affected also by the price of NYMEX. So as you see, the fluctuations in NYMEX, I think, you'll see the fluctuations also in what the exact differential will be. But I'll let Jeff answer the question in regard to the July and '15.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, right now, we're looking at the asset acquisition being in the form of whether it's just additional leases or small bolt-on type of opportunities. The reason is very clear. If you look at our results that we've been able to post, with the type of wells that we're drilling, the efficiency gains that we've had that I've mentioned on the drill side and completion side. We have had in our investor presentation on a typical 500,000 EUR-type well will cost $7 million, and our lateral length being in this type well being consistent with the lateral length in the number of stages that we've done on our last 10 wells. At $90, we did over 60% return on that type of well. Two things in regard to these 10 wells. The 10 wells are trending above this type curve, for the Eagle Ford economics that we have presented. And certainly, our realized price is higher than the $90 that we've represented to get over that 60% return. So we are looking at the additional opportunities out there, with a economic improvements that we've seen and the efficiency improvements that we've seen to take advantage of any additional acreage we can fund.
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, we have -- certainly, Constitution, we've talked about. Everybody's aware of it, that the commissioning of that particular pipeline will give Cabot an additional 500 million cubic foot net a day of gas, going through to a different price point. We have also -- are participating in the Central Penn pipeline, which is scheduled for the latter part of '17. Our participation in that is a -- if you will, a midstream investment. But more importantly, we're the foundation shipper on that particular Central Penn pipeline, and that will allow us to move an incremental 850 million cubic foot a day. And again, an anticipated commissioning of that in the latter part of '17. And I might add that, certainly, we're very in tune. Jeff stays up-to-date on every moving part out there in the midstream market, and we have ongoing discussions with how we're going to continue to move our gas, with the growth expectations that we have.
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, we -- kind of back to my comment I made about drilling in a field with 6 rigs. Having a -- I don't know who's producing the most gas in the entire Marcellus or Utica area, but we're close to the either 1, 2 or 3, and at producing a 1.5 billion cubic foot per day up there and being able to grow off that base with only 6 rigs. I don't know who's producing the most, but I know that we have the least rigs running in the area, particularly with that growth profile off of that larger base. So we know we can continue to grow this tremendous asset, a 30 to 40 Tcf resource opportunity up there. We know the present value is important to all of us. So everything we do is to enhance the present value of that asset. A couple of things that will be happening in the future, we're all aware of. I think we all believe that demand is going to be enhanced. Whether that demand is in power generation, industrial use, LNG exports, all of that is moving forward. So we're optimistic. Though we are in a little bit of a lull period, we're optimistic that in the foreseeable future, demand is going to be enhanced. And I think that demand enhancement's certainly going to be coupled with the midstream efforts that are ongoing right now to attach the supply area to existing demand areas and incremental new demand areas. So we think we have a bright future.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, yes, we're in the Utica play. We have some acreage to the North, over 50,000 acres to the north area of the play, and we have some extensive acreage to the south area of the play, where we are. Whether it's the dry area or the liquids rich area, the Utica, we are looking at it. We're evaluating. We have a rig active at this point in time, still an exploratory project for us, but we're optimistic with the geology we see.
Dan O. Dinges: Possibly. We're -- we can't guarantee anything at this stage, but it's certainly very possible that we could have some initial results this year.
Dan O. Dinges: Yes. We have looked at '15 hedging, Pearce, and we have considered it and looking at not only the -- NYMEX, certainly, it's just one component of it. But we had -- before, we've kind of changed our accounting process and now go to mark-to-market. We had tried to tie some of our -- and looked at trying to tie some of our '15 volumes to a particular pipe. But what we saw was: one, the -- it was not a fairly liquid market; and two, the differentials that we would have had to lock in, in advance, were punitive. And what we have seen each month is that the forward-looking curve gives a significantly higher discount than the actual month realizations, and we were not prepared to lock in those punitive differentials in advance in a illiquid market. But we -- as we've indicated -- or as we illustrated with our hedge book, we are interested in hedging, and we'll continue to try to find ways to mitigate the volatility.
Dan O. Dinges: Scott's shaking his head, no. But right now, with us moving a new rig into the area, us looking at additional acreage out there and how we might move our activity around a little bit, I'm more comfortable just to be putting it out there with what we have. But I am optimistic that what we have out there is certainly reachable.
Dan O. Dinges: Gross production out there is -- we're working through these William issues that I've discussed, but we're over -- we're somewhere in between 1.4 to 1.5.
Dan O. Dinges: Okay. Just real quickly, we have several examples out there. We had a 10-well pad that we've been producing now about 9 months, about 9 months. We had our closest spacing on that pad. That spacing had the lower Marcellus spaced at 500 feet, and we still like the trend line on our curve from those wells. We do continue to look at and implement additional downspace opportunities. So -- but I guess, to say it differently, we are going to downspace further. So everything we've seen is positive so far.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, it's still early in the curve to be able to make that definitive statement. The answer is no, we haven't. But it's still early in the production cycle when you think about how you're going to be able to ascertain what is incremental reserves and what is acceleration reserves.
Dan O. Dinges: Okay. On the acceleration side of the Eagle Ford, we have brought in another rig. We plan on implementing a walking package on a couple of rigs that do not have that capability today, which will help accelerate our efficiencies, as we've discussed. We've mentioned that we're looking and continue to look at additional acreage out there. With that opportunity, if we have success, I think you can anticipate additional acceleration, maybe another rig in that as a result of additional acreage. So that is also a way of doing it. When you look at the completions and you look at the 10-well that we recently did, the average lateral length was 6,700 foot or so. We had, oh, an average of 26, 27 stages in those wells. And the items that I mentioned, we're toying with the proppant size. We are looking at the amount of proppant per stage. So all of those things, we're gathering additional information on and we continue to improve with the -- again, are type of things that we're exploring out there.
Dan O. Dinges: Okay. I'll take this first on the location size. If you use 400-foot spacing, we are probably over 600 locations. Now we're looking at the downspacing going down to the 300-foot. And as I mentioned, that could add 25% to 30% or so to the location count. On the proppant, I'll let Steve Lindeman have a brief discussion on the proppant question, on what we're doing on a per foot basis, and maybe how we're tweaking some of the proppant size, without getting into too much detail.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, they're not mutually exclusive. However, with the efficiency gains and what we've been able to see with the realized pricing, the Eagle Ford is furnishing excellent returns. And as I mentioned, we have -- and you mentioned, we have 3 rigs running there now. If in fact, we can be successful on additional acreage, we could increase that rig count also, not only for our guidance on '15, but we might be able to do something earlier than that.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, as I mentioned, we're trying to just dovetail out with the management of our capital exposure, and some of the activity that we are in the middle of, Brian, regarding lease negotiations and acreage negotiations. We wanted to flush all that out and balance with that. And with success or without, they're not, again, mutually exclusive. But we felt like that we wanted to do that, and have some resolution, if you will, on a couple of ideas that we're thinking about, before we jumped out and bought additional shares.
Dan O. Dinges: Yes. Marshall, we're going to -- going all the way down in the lower Marcellus to 500 feet. We're going to watch the wells that we have done that close together to see how they perform. We wanted a benchmark that was very close, and we think 500 foot is very close for the Marcellus. But away from the 500 foot, for example, we have a large pad that we are going to drill. And that will -- all of the wells on that large pad will be downspaced less than 1,000 foot. So we do -- and in earnest, we are continuing a downspacing effort, but the 500-foot was a downspaced distance that, again, is going to give us some very, very good data. But I would not anticipate that the entire Marcellus would be able to be downspaced to 500-foot, but I do anticipate it would be able to be downspaced less than 1,000.
Dan O. Dinges: Thank you, Youssef, and I appreciate all the questions. The questions' fairly narrowed in a band. But again, the takeaway from my closing comments prior to the Q&A, Cabot's going to be able to deliver some good results with our growth -- the production growth, our capital efficiencies. I think you're getting a flavor on what we're going to be able to do with our Eagle Ford operation and -- though it's early stage in what we think we can do with our increase in liquids volumes. But we're optimistic that we're on the right track in that area, and directionally, I think you can anticipate the additional capital will be spent in that particular area. So with that, again, I appreciate the interest in the second quarter call, and look forward to visiting with you all on the third quarter call. Thank you.
