Dan O. Dinges: Okay, Doug. We have curtailed volumes right now. We have volumes that were not moving that do not require any additional capital to move those incremental volumes. And keep in mind that in regard to curtailed volumes, we might get the question in regard to how much you shut-in and what ability you have to be able to move incremental volumes. But we have adjusted our capital program as we've gone through 2015 to take in consideration curtailments. And so, that tweaking of our capital allocation has certainly delayed some of our originally scheduled and budgeted frac stage completions. And we've also amended our directives to the frac crew to initiate only during daylight hours. So, we're sliding out some of that activity. So, as we roll through the year and the amount of activity we're conducting right now, and the various swings that we have through our marketing group on a month-to-month on what we're moving, that curtailed volume is a variable number, if you will.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, the capital allocation, the $615 million, is to the drilling completion program where 93% of that is directed to that. The additional $150 million is allocated to the Constitution and Atlantic Sunrise. And that's making the assumption if some of those expenditures fall in line as we have currently predicted which would have an in-service date of Constitution of the end of 2016 and the September in-service date of Atlantic Sunrise. And the total expenditure, if the $150 million of equity investments and pipeline is made, there will be a slight overspend of cash flow at these conservative prices that we've used. And as far as the differential is concerned, we have forecast a slight compression of the differentials into 2016, and the assumption we're making there is that some of these takeaway items that we've referenced in November of this year and in December of this year along with the expectation of Constitution coming online, we think on a weighted average basis that our differentials would compact a little bit.
Dan O. Dinges: Yeah. Phillip, on both those questions you're accurate, we would be around the three rig count in the Marcellus. And we feel like we'll be able to maintain our production flat with the capital program that we've outlined, if that's what we choose to do.
Dan O. Dinges: Yeah. We're unhedged in 2016 and 2017. And I think the industry as a whole is probably less than 20% hedged in 2016 and certainly lower percentage hedged in 2017. Our desire would be to hedge volumes and protect some of the space. It's been a difficult market to hedge. If you look at it, it has not been a real liquid market. And the discount that we've been able to realize when we've gotten quotes has not been attractive but enough for us to place the hedges.
Dan O. Dinges: So, we have $100 million allocated to Constitution and $50 million allocated to Atlantic Sunrise for 2016.
Dan O. Dinges: Yeah, Bob. The window is certainly still open for us. We do need the New York approval. And your timing is accurate on being able to commence construction sometime in the mid or latter part of January to be able to move forward and meet our commissioning on the fourth quarter of 2016. That's correct.
Dan O. Dinges: It's not a specific number we're looking at Bob. It's going to be a function of several things. One, how efficient we've been able to execute the program based on the assumptions that we've made. And also, certainly, looking at the dynamics of the – macro dynamics of the natural gas market and looking at what commodity price differentials we've been able to realize throughout the first part of 2016. Those things will play into our decision about the allocation of additional capital, obviously, along with the cost of a barrel and what, frankly, what service cost do, in fact, if you do see a increase in the value per barrel.
Dan O. Dinges: No. We expect the drilling completion cost to be over 15% per lateral foot less than what we saw in 2015.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, our liquids is going to be consistent with what we exit our fourth quarter of 2015 average. And that's going to be our liquids number. And we were thinking anywhere between 14,000 to 15,500 barrels is the fourth quarter guidance. Natural gas, we're going to be at 1.475 to 1.6 as our fourth quarter guidance.
Dan O. Dinges: Okay. We're going to have 55 or so in the Marcellus and we'll have, Steve, 22 wells in the Eagle Ford that are in backlog going into 2016.
Dan O. Dinges: Bob, that's hard to get our arms around. We think there are curtailed volumes up there. There certainly has been a reduction in the level of activity as we referenced nine rigs and only a handful of rigs and, I mean, completion crews. And we think there will be, from this point forward, we think there'll be less than 700 or so stages completed between now and year-end up in the Northeast, PA. So, to be able to say how much is curtailed and how much is being worked off, it's a hard number to come up with.
Dan O. Dinges: I think, we probably – I think, it's safe to say you have a little bit loss of efficiency by not doing 24/7 operations. But overall, when we reference our decrease in cost from 2015 to our anticipated cost in 2016, we certainly have taken that ineffective part of our program into consideration.
Dan O. Dinges: Hard number to come up with, specifically, on what we have. I'm kind of looking around the table and nobody's raised their hand yet on that, Brian. But let me say it this way that as we put together our program for 2016, we felt and certainly feel very comfortable about what we're able to deliver in volumes for 2016. Highlighting that point is the amount of capital necessary to just keep us flat is – it's not inconsequential but it's not a very, very high number at all. But looking at 2016 was not really the target of what we tried to accomplish with our program. We approach it in a conservative manner, trying to stay within cash flow, using a conservative commodity price. And, frankly, in our range that we used, again, risking our number, though our expectation is Constitution will be a 2016 event, we have actually not included any volumes in our 2% to 10% range on the production range that we provided in our guidance. So, in looking at what we're able to have rolling out of 2016 with our current capital program, and looking at our ability to ramp up in a fairly short fashion, if we wanted to add some incremental capital, we have no question rolling into the end of 2016 and the beginning of 2017 that we're going to be able to fill not only Constitution but also Atlantic Sunrise which gets us to the 1.35 additional incremental – 1.35 Bcf a day that we expect to be moving in 2017.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, yes. We're going to need to grow – the total volume to be incremental, we would have to move the rig count up a little bit and we would complete additional stages then we have forecast for, probably the latter part of 2016. But, I still feel like, and if Phil was sitting here, that if we see that everything is staying online in the latter part of 2016 that everything, or Atlantic Sunrise is in queue moving towards the September commissioning that we would be able to meet those volumes, 850 million a day as incremental volumes with our anticipated 2017 program. Certainly, we haven't made the guidance in release of what our capital program and activity level would be in 2017. But we would be able to meet the September commissioning of Atlantic Sunrise with incremental volumes to where we stand today.
Dan O. Dinges: Yeah. Okay. The cost – the 15% drilling completion cost – total well cost reduction is from our average of 2015 costs. And I'm sorry, David, I didn't get the second part of your question.
Dan O. Dinges: We had a slide in our most recent investor presentation. And on the completion side, the majority of the cost is from cost reductions. On the drilling side, the majority of the cost is from efficiencies. And we have a slightly higher cost on the total well cost, drilling and complete, completion costs represent a little bit higher percentage of total well cost than the drilling side.
Dan O. Dinges: Yeah. We would manage that, yes. We would manage that allocation of capital, and we certainly do not want to have capital sitting out in the field that we can't monetize. So, we would probably reduce our exposure, reduce our capital until the appropriate time that we could plan for the commissioning of the pipeline if we were to see a significant delay in the commissioning. But I wouldn't have expected the approval to occur on Constitution prior to this time. However, I'm not disillusioned to the extent that we don't expect it to come in a timely manner for 2016's estimated commissioning.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, Atlantic Sunrise is making – I'll let Jeff weigh in in a second to make kind of editorial comment. But on Constitution, we have been years in discussions, preparation and have fulfilled all of the requests, all the mitigating factors, all of the hurdles that have been brought by the interested parties, including the New York DEC. We have added certainly some of the mitigating factors, added incremental cost to the project. We had a major reroute of the – that was fine with Constitution to mitigate any watershed issues. And in fact, by that reroute, we improved what we think was any impact. And we have again on stream crossings have extensive plan in place that mitigates any of the concerns about stream crossings. And that has been well documented by the DEC and now has been prepared into a final document. So, I think everybody's pleased with that effort. Atlantic Sunrise is in that same process now in having discussions for the mitigation factors and looking at the right of ways to be able to mitigate any concerns that any stakeholders might have at that stage. I feel comfortable that the outline and the timing of commissioning that we've laid out is going to be met. Jeff, you can weigh in on...
Dan O. Dinges: Well, I appreciate the interest in Cabot. I know there are some frustration by all of us on our ability to be able to get the infrastructure in place and commissioned and to be able to move the natural gas in support of all those that are looking forward to having it. I do hope that the takeaway this morning is that Cabot does remain focused in all the right areas, and that is a disciplined focus on the efficiencies and returns while managing our business for the long-term success of the organization. Additionally, we remain committed to effectively managing those controllable variables that we have in our program and also mitigate the uncontrollables the best as we possibly can. So, again, thank you. And certainly, I think Cabot has some brighter days out in front of it. Thank you, Carrie.
