Mark Burford: Thank you very much, Andrew. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today on our third quarter conference call. Speaking today will be Tom Jorden, President and CEO; Joe Albi, EVP and COO; John Lambuth, Vice President of Exploration; and also in Denver, we have Paul Korus, our CFO; and Karen Acierno, our Director of Investor Relations. We did issue our financial operating results, it was released yesterday after market closed. A copy of which can be found on our website. We also posted on our latest investor presentation, which may make some references today on today's call. I need to remind you that today's discussion will contain forward-looking statements. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from what we discuss. You should read our disclosures on forward-looking statements in our latest 10-K and other filings and news releases for the risk factors associated with our business. We have a lot to cover today, so I'll go ahead and get the call turn over to Tom.
Mark Burford: Yes. I mean, Cameron, taking the noise are meaningful, trying to put back the wells when they would have been completed when we thought they would be completed, plus take the storm downtime out. Yes, that's it. It would be on that trajectory. But we have 2 moving pieces there, we both had wells on production that didn't produce, like we thought they would because of storm down fund. Hopefully, shifting about 15 wells from this period to next. So if you put everything back, we had a construction which we could achieve, or x the storm I think we would have hit those numbers.
Mark Burford: Same property sales are on top, which we didn't have to opt into the number. Now whatever is -- the minimum base in Wolfcamp which we did sell, it was about 1,500 barrels a day in the fourth quarter that we didn't sell so. That we had to open into our numbers. There was no element in our numbers that we removed out post of sale.
Mark Burford: Yes, Irene, this is Mark. On your first part of your question there with the seen as capital required to invest to order production. Honestly, it's on the measure we spend really any time evaluating that is, we still bottoms up and look what are the things we'll invest in the period. And then based on a rate of return, and we see the outcome of the production is. We don't use a lot of sensitivities on that. I don't have a hard number for you. I mean, honestly, what that would represent at this point. Obviously the mix of what we drill, timing of what we drill. Even as John touched on like with Cana really for development, there's this amount of capital being incurred in the first half of the year that we won't see production until second half, this is all a variability timing, often this is development that always -- it just compares to some of our logical thinking too, because timing and year-over-year comparisons are neat, but clearly, we had return in the cash flow, which generate all the investments we're making, that's what we focus on.
Mark Burford: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We appreciate your time with us, and we look forward to give you report -- results in the future. And again, thank you for your participation.
Thomas E. Jorden: Drew, this is Tom. Our approach there hasn't changed. We'll look at the strip as sort of our base case, but we're also going to look at downside protection, and we're going to run $60 oil and $3 gas and those are NYMEX pricing. So we will subtract from those downside pricing when it takes to get back to the wellhead and that's going to be true on all of the price files that we quote. We always look at wellhead when we see price. And we're going to make sure that we get a reasonable return at that downside case. So yes, the strip will be our first half, but we're going to really try to be disciplined and make sure that we see a $60 oil, $3 gas environment, we don't destroy capital. So that's a little of both, it's a bit of a polarity because we look at the strip. But if you got something that works at the strip but it couldn't stand what we think is a reasonable downsize stress test, we won't fund it.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yes. This is Tom. We stick to our discipline on that. We really would like to have 30 days of peak production before we discuss wells publicly. And that's just because that's a number that's meaningful to us and our technical teams. And so we actually -- we are close on a well, but we decided now we're going to hold off and make sure that we're consistent with the information and results we communicate.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yes. This is Tom, Cameron. Just to echo what John said. We're -- re-delineation is a great way to characterize it. We have been continuously surprised and impressed with how this new completion is taking areas that we would have looked at and said it's marginal, maybe submarginal and all of a sudden, it looks really, really robust, and that Glenda is a case in point. And we have lots of areas in the field that we still need to test. Thus far, we're wholly encouraged. I mean, it's just redefining the investment landscape for Cana. So we are really, really optimistic. But we don't have a number for you.
Thomas E. Jorden: No. That's -- you're absolutely right. We have committed to do this additional development row in Cana, and we're bringing some rigs in to prosecute that and that's steady as she goes. We think that project really can stand tall in this commodity-priced environment. Not only standing alone, but compares favorably our investment landscape. Additional delineation we're doing in the Merrimack, we think is really something that we want to continue to do. And then as we look at the Permian, we look at Culberson County and the joint development agreement we have when we look at really that whole fairway that's in our corporate update. So we kind of think of Culberson County and then up to that White City block in Eddy County as one geologic province. We're going to do as much of that as we can with long laterals where we can. Those stand tall. And then the rest of it is a jump ball. I mean, quite -- everything else, either in the Mid-Continent Permian, is up for discussion. Now I will say that I think you're going to see a higher percentage of our capital be going to the Anadarko Basin next year than this year. This year with 75% Permian. You'll probably see a little higher percentage in Anadarko. A little higher, I don't think it will be half, but we're working our way through it. I mean, the good news is we're really testing this on a rate-of-return metric. We're not testing it on what our preferred commodity type is. We're looking at which of our opportunities have the robustness to the downside of commodity, and we have lots and lots to do.
Thomas E. Jorden: That's -- Joe, I can't answer that today. I mean it's that -- I said there are 3 elements, the third is market psychology and that's the most touchy-feeling of all 3. I can drill a lot into that. And then we want to see where do we think this oil price is heading? Where do we think service costs are heading? What do we think will be the duration and depth of this correction, if you will? And make that -- we'll have to make that decision today, and there will be -- it will be really clueless to do that today and talk about it. There's one thing to talk about cash flow next year. We also are going to exit the year with a lot of cash on hand. I mean, we think we're up, really cash flow plus about $400 million cash on hand. So that's all available to us before we have to borrow $0.01 next year. So there -- we have a lot of flexibility.
Thomas E. Jorden: This is Tom. We have a lot of mysteries in our stimulations here today, a lot of technical challenges and that's a good thing. There's a lot of upside. Now do we have our upside equal to what we've seen? Obviously, we've taken bold steps. We don't know. But I will say this, if I were to tell you that we understood every element of this, that would be dampening, because I would say that we don't have additional upside. We have a lot of mysteries yet and we have a lot of really smart people really working at making this better.
Thomas E. Jorden: That's absolutely the case, Jeff. And one of the things that I'll say, we don't wish for corrections but, boy, we all kind of leaned forward. We're trained for this. This is in our DNA, and our history is that in these down cycles, there is tremendous opportunity. And we'll be as opportunistic as we possibly can. We're going to stay flexible. You're probably going to -- we'll talk about wide ranges in what we're continuing to do and we won't apologize if we have to accelerate or decelerate. We're going to be as opportunistic as we possibly can.
Thomas E. Jorden: Also Irene, this is Tom. The play like Cana-Woodford has a lot of geological variation. It varies in thickness. And one of the things it varies is in hydrocarbon-type and also pressure. And so the window we're playing it in is a little different than where a lot of the announced activities has been. And so a lot of -- we as you know, you know as well, we study our competition and it's not always a direct analog to where we're playing at. But as John said, we're very, very encouraged about what we're seeing thus far.
Thomas E. Jorden: And that will also be true in Cana. We have scenarios with Woodford where we think we have long lateral development to do. And as we look at the Merrimack, I think that we're going to be looking long and hard at long laterals.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yes, this is Tom. When we have results that we think are meaningful. And so I know that there's some pressure for us that talk about wells early, but I just want to say again, we're a company built on ideas, technology and innovation, and we really focus on the science and get a good meaningful data. And we don't want to get ahead of ourselves and we want our investors to -- our credibility in our communication. And so that will occasionally mean, we're going to be able to slow and release data once it's in the solid results category and not in the promise or hope category. And so we'll release that as we have it. We have a lot a wells that are currently flowing back. So I think, certainly next quarter, we will have much data to release, and we'll release the data we have. Now as far as EURs, we typically don't talk a lot about EURs, but we'll certainly show you our type curve and what it means to us.
Joseph R. Albi: Yes. This is Joe. We are back on track. We had a little bit of production that was still impacted about a week or so back, but that looks to be cleared up this week in a little bit. I mean, maybe 5 million a day out of what was a fairly significant volume during the flood. So our completion schedule is intact, roads are accessible, and we're back to normal operation.
Joseph R. Albi: Yes. And this is Joe, I'll add a little flavor to that. Our operations teams have been in contact with our major service providers over the last 2 to 3 weeks. And they -- the providers are fully aware of the fact that should economics dictate us laying out rigs, we're going to align ourselves up with those that react the quickest and compete in -- this is not a new cycle, we've been here before. Market share will be important to those companies, and we'll align ourselves up with the people who want to react first.
Joseph R. Albi: Yes, this is Joe again. I'll just react on what I mentioned a bit ago. We have had initial discussions with our larger service providers. They are aware of our position. They're aware of the market. They're finding some of the same things we are. They've got cost that they're incurring that even as early as September, we saw rate increases on the drilling side, primarily on the labor side. It's going to have to be a trickle-down effect, but I will tell you this, and Tom hit it right on the head. Once rigs start laying down, then it's a scramble for market share. And once it's a scramble for market share, we're in a pretty good position because we will be active, and we will be a viable customer. So it's going to have to trickle down, and we're got to keep the heat on them.
Joseph R. Albi: This is Joe. We don't see that to be an issue as far as personnel to get the job done and get the wells drilled. Services are there. We're proactively working with the -- our processing entity for market, for capacity and for market availability for residue gas sales and NGLs. And so we're about 6, 9 months ahead of that, and don't foresee issues there, but everything looks like it's on track.
Joseph R. Albi: This is Joe. We're right on track with our plans. We continue to put pipe in the ground, both in Triple Crown as well as in the Reeves County area. We've locked in to some firm volumes with 2 or 3 additional processors since our last call. We're aware of their capacity. At the same time, there's somewhere around several bcf a day of new processing coming on in the next 2 years. So Triple Crown's working out as exactly as we'd hoped. We got to take away to the North, take away in the middle, take away to the South. And so far so good, but again, just like Cana, we got to stay out ahead of this. With the drilling activity is going to look like and then try and react in proactive manner rather than after we drilled the wells to ensure capacity take away.
Joseph R. Albi: On the oil side, things are blowing and going. We're not having any issues hauling. We continue to be in discussions both in Triple Crown as well now in a new -- in 2 other areas, the Reeves County and Lee County area for oil gathering projects, both of those were working towards inking agreements and are in the process right away for oil gathering, which has really take a lot of pressure of this by the end of next year.
Joseph R. Albi: Yes, I might add to that. It's not just a function of commodity price, it's also a function of technology. And our thinking on the various sweets spots has changed over time, and they will change again. So we're continuing to work it and adapting as we go.
John A. Lambuth: Yes. If you look at the numbers, we basically slid 15, 16 net wells into 2015 and had -- ultimately now Q4 has about in the same number of completions that we've modeled last quarter when we gave our guidance and that will carry -- I suspect, that it will carry itself over into January. This is basically new things, 3 to 4 weeks, because you have to reconfigure your whole frac schedule. You have some pilots involved in all this. We had different interest in different wells and the way it plays out on a well basis is a really just cut into the tail end of September and early October, November, where things are really picking up here from this point forward.
John A. Lambuth: This is John. I guess, I'll try to answer that for you. We have a plan in place. I'll send our partner to ramp up our rig activity. As I mentioned, we're already at 2 rigs on it. We envision ourselves being upward of 6 to 7 operated rigs. Likewise, our partner will be bringing in rigs, again, at the beginning of the year. When you go to row development, you really got to get a lot of wells drilled way ahead of you before even bring those frac crews in, as you can imagine, especially with 10 sections. And so there will be a lot of drilling going on before you finally get to the point where those frac crews will start showing up some time, probably in the June time frame. And then finally, about a month or so after that you start seeing the production coming in. So we have a pretty aggressive plan for 10 contiguous sections to go forward. And right now I would just say, based on, as Tom mentioned, our stress testing of those wells with different commodity prices, those 10 sections looks very, very attractive to us. So it's -- to us, in a sense, it's full steam ahead on those 10 sections going forward.
John A. Lambuth: We will have quite a number of those wells that we can comment on Q4. We just don't have our typical 30-day peak average to talk about on any 1 well. But of those 6, 3 are currently flowing back -- actually 4 are flowing back, 1 ready to frac and 1 is just about done drilling in terms of its lateral. So theoretically, yes, we will probably have more information to talk about those going forward on the next call.
John A. Lambuth: This is John. Well, that's a great question, and I wish I had a number for you right now as I sit here. We still are drilling additional what I'll call re-delineation wells throughout the play. So with each new well, like the one I just announced, it just continues to grow. I'll be honest. It's -- it looks pretty promising for us in terms of that acreage number that I quoted in terms of the total amount of net acreage we have on those perspective. And yes, we still have more wells that we are going to be drilling and testing that will certainly define that. I'll say this much, the Glenda result certainly has given us some encouragement to push that road development further to the west and what we normally would've done. And so again, that got us to the 10 sections we're at right now. And with each new well, yes, we're more and more encouraged with what we see there, with the acreage we currently have. But I don't have a number I could just lay in front of you, like number of locations right now today.
John A. Lambuth: Yes. I mean, our typical development peers is 8 new wells in addition to the current well, which will be 9 wells per section. But I can tell you this, that because of these well results and just the metrics we look at in this new well development we're going to that I mentioned, we are going to go to some tighter spacing on subsection. In some cases, upwards of 11 wells on a section.
John A. Lambuth: 11 new wells in addition to the parent. And that's just a reflection of the great resource in place we have there. When we truly look at the thickness of that shale, look at the resource and again, we do the different measurements we make, yes, we ask ourselves why not? Why wouldn't it support 11 wells with this frac design? And that, in fact, is what we're going to do on at least 1 section and it will vary by section by section dictated by that resource in place per section.
John A. Lambuth: I think the easy answer is too early to tell. I'll simply say this. If we take that result and then take our expectations for a 10,000-foot lateral, which as I mentioned, we're completing one right now, those economics look pretty robust to us in terms if you were to go forward with an 8 well. But in no way does that mean that we know that's the right answer. There'll be more pilots in that area. But suffice to say, we're very encouraged with the results of that pilot and what that means for us going forward with that acreage block we have there.
John A. Lambuth: Well, this is John. Well, I was allowed to say this much. In as much as we really, really like the type of returns and the performance we're seeing sales, those Cana wells, likewise, what we're seeing now is the Bone Spring wells, I mentioned. We have a lot around here where we're not satisfied. And yes, we are constantly challenging ourselves how could -- what could we do better with the completion design. And so there are more things that we're going to test whether it's stages, whether it's the maker of the proppant, but I'm not going to sit here and just tell you what our recipe is to that degree. I'll say that we're not satisfied always we were at and always want to try to push that envelopes to make sure could we get more out of that lock and that's pretty much our go forward model in a sense -- in exploration right now.
John A. Lambuth: No. This is John. Any of our go forward economics, we absolutely do not build in price reductions into our capital cost. We assume the cost is what it is today, and we base our decision on that today. If cost come down, then we will adjust at that appropriate time. But no, nothing built in on our go forward modeling for future well returns.
John A. Lambuth: And this is John. In terms of your question on the Merrimack. Of the 6 wells, they are very diverse in their geographic location, as well as in their geologic intervals that they're testing. I mean, they are truly delineating our acreage position, such that with those results in hand, we'll have a much better feel for just what's the breadth and scope of this opportunity. And so far, I would just say, "I'll just going to make another comment." We're obviously not alone here. In the Merrimack, there are lots of other wells being drilled by other operators. And so far, and I guess you could -- you can kind of draw that conclusion by the fact we have 6 wells now and plan to -- probably plan to drill more, we do like what we see here so far. But again, we need those well results in hand to figure out just what the overall size of the price is right now.
John A. Lambuth: In terms of how we see right now, yes. It is a play that we are quickly coming up to speed and in terms of our understanding of the rock, the whole core we take, the analysis of that core, the logs, we're really at the intimacy here of just understanding the nature of this play. And so it will all take us some a while here to get more and more comfortable with. But again, so far, we like what we see.
John A. Lambuth: Yes. This is John. Yes, there will be some additional rigs drilling. As Tom mentioned, for sure, some additional Merrimack delineation, as well as other concepts and things that we're pursuing. I don't have an exact number for you today. Obviously, that's depending upon where we think we're going to fund and what level next year. But above and beyond the 6 to 7 rigs on that row development, there will be other rigs active for us in the Anadarko region.
John A. Lambuth: This is John, I guess, I'll try to answer your question first. You're absolutely right in that, but our basin is a very broad, large basin. And within that basin itself, we see lots of variability in terms of the type of hydrocarbons we make. As we spoke about many times, say for instance, in Wolfcamp, we have the breadth of acreage where we could be anywhere from being almost mostly oil in the reservoir to all the way up in Culberson, where it's predominantly gas with a really good yield component to it. And in some ways, commodity price dictates where we go with that. Right now, as -- again we've talked about Culberson looks still extremely attractive to us from a rate of return standpoint. On the flip side, I will tell you right now, Ward County, Wolfcamp gets a little bit of a struggle right now, given the current prices with oil. And just given the depth we have to drill to and to the lack of pressure, I would say, within that reservoir, Ward is a little bit of a struggle. But the nice thing is that we have this large acreage position that we can move those rigs to, again, maximize our returns throughout that basin. That's no different than also in the Avalon. Right now, we haven't really talked about it, but we have quite a few Avalon wells that would be coming on in the next quarter. And again, we're targeting that area, the Avalon, where the product mix is such that we feel like we hit our best returns out of that basin. So we have a lot of flexibility within that basin, as the way I would put it.
John A. Lambuth: This is John. I will tell you anywhere, quite frankly, that our acreage allows us to do it. Our main goal is to ultimately make it an extended lateral play. Because as you mentioned, that incremental capital to drill that extra 5,000 feet is more than offset by the type of returns we get out of that well from the hydrocarbons that we flow out of it. So that's why areas like Culberson, the JDA, it's so valuable to us because that JDA gives the large continuous operated acreage position that allows us to do that. In fact, that this our go forward plans in terms of Culberson is long laterals. Unfortunately, I wish in all years we had acreage that we could do that everywhere. But again, where the acreage allows us to do it, that is, ultimately, our plan and goal on a go-forward basis, especially when we think about it from a development standpoint.
John A. Lambuth: No, no long laterals in the third quarter. The only long lateral is the one we've talked about in our last earnings release. Again, as I mentioned earlier, in this mode of delineation, of undelineating are not going to do it with long laterals. I'm going to do with 5,000-foot laterals, as I tried to establish economics. I will say again, we have future plans of development in Cana, nothing written down just yet, but we clearly have a large acreage position that would lend itself very nicely to 10,000-foot development in the Cana-Woodford shale for future drilling.
John A. Lambuth: This is John. In terms of the Wolfcamp A, we have reported on a couple of them so far. We have a few more that are coming on. Again, they look very attractive to us relative to the Wolfcamp D interval that we mentioned before. In terms of build-forward development plans, on our previous release, we talked about the results of our 8 well spacing pilots. I will tell you that we already have in the works our next pilot which, tentatively, we start drilling on sometime in the December time frame. I think it's fair to say that we're still internally debating what is the right thing to do with that pilot to further understand and ensure that, like you just said, that we come up with the right plan, so we do not leave any PD behind. But that's where we're at right now. We have both a pilot and the works and for later this year, and we have still some more drilling that we have to do in terms of holding an acreage and still testing for the balance of that Wolfcamp Shale play for us in Culberson. I hope that answered your question. If there's a follow-up, let me know.
