Thomas E. Jorden: Thank you, Karen. And thanks to everyone who's participating in today's conference call. We sincerely appreciate your interest and look forward to your questions during the question-and-answer portion of the call. On the call today, John will walk us through our recent results and describe our progress on some of the delineation projects that we have underway. Joe will follow John with an operational overview including some of the significant steps we have taken to improve field efficiencies. As we've described in the past calls, owning to the timing of our delineation projects, many of the significant results from our 2016 delineation program will come and fits and starts this year. Rest assured our organization is hard at work during this downturn: necessity is the mother of invention. I'd like to open the call with some brief overview remarks regarding our direction in 2016 and beyond. As always our focus will be on results. We reported a strong production beat this quarter driven by improved well performance. Our total company production came in at 973 million cubic feet equivalent per day for the first quarter, which exceeded the high end of our guidance. Expenses came in within guidance, resulting in the strong quarter overall. Gas production was up, our oil production was down slightly. As we had forecasted this was due to fewer well completions in the Permian Basin, due to the timing of our delineation projects. We expect to pick up the pace on our Permian completions during the remainder of the year. We also reported a modest increase in our 2016 capital budget. This is the result of the completions of our East Cana-Woodford infill program being pushed forward from 2017 into 2016. The application of bigger, more effective stimulations across the board and greater than anticipated working interest in both our own wells and in partner operated wells. With the results that we're seeing we're delighted to have the increased exposure. Since our last call, we've seen a bit of breathing room in commodity prices, as a result, we're accelerating some of the Permian completion activity that was delayed due to the plant outages this winter. As you'll also hear during the call, our focus on science and innovation continues apace. We continue to experiment with more effective stimulations, primarily to the use of more profit, more stages, tighter cluster spacing and more clusters per stage and the use of diverter technology. This down cycle and associated decrease in activity is providing an ideal environment to focus on science and technology. We're also taking advantage of decreased service cost to experiment and improve our methodologies. We've also made great strides in reducing our cost structure. The organization is undergoing a concerted effort to lower G&A through voluntary retirements that lead to head count reductions, reducing contract and consultant services and optimizing work efficiencies, particularly in the field. Finally, before I turn the call over to John, I'd like to comment on our thoughts as we look ahead. In 2015, we said that our challenge was to get our program to a point where it was sustainable, where we were living within cash flow and had a capital program and a cost structure that was appropriate for the new normal. In our last call, we told you that our challenge in 2016 was to preserve our assets, preserve our balance sheet and preserve our organization. I am pleased to tell you that we're on track with both sets of goals. As we look ahead of the current strip, we modeled at Cimarex that lives within cash flow and is able to get back on a growth trajectory in the years ahead. We have best-in-class assets and we will be able to preserve our prime leasehold with our current program. Our organization is effective, focused and hard at work, generating new opportunities. Our balance sheet provides the flexibility and strength that will keep Cimarex at the forefront in a highly competitive landscape. We don't know where commodity prices are headed, but we don't expect to return to the price levels of 2014 anytime soon. Margins will be challenged, cost structures will be paramount, and asset quality, and organizational effectiveness will be the differentiator. It's always been a tough business, and things won't be any easier as we move ahead. Our focus is on performance and results. Although further price recovery would be warmly welcomed, we are in great shape, and look ahead with conviction that our value creation proposition is alive and well. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to John to provide further color on our program.
Thomas E. Jorden: Drew, this is Tom, I want to follow-up on that. We're very excited by the Wolfcamp A and certainly the results and the uplift we've reported is real and it's grounded in actual results. We probably see the Wolfcamp A as being a better target overall than the Wolfcamp B but the Wolfcamp B is also outstanding, I mean so it's a question of great and outstanding. But one other things I want to follow-up on is, one other things that make Cimarex strong is our presence in multiple plays and in particular with our footprint in Delaware Basin and our footprint with stack, we're doing a lot of innovation as are our competitors. And every time, we see something that works, we look for opportunities to apply it elsewhere in our own portfolio. So, having that footprint in multiple plays allows us to really bring innovations in much more quickly than we could if were single basin player. So, there are, as John said, we have a lot of running room in completion optimization in both Wolfcamp A, the Wolfcamp D, and I would add in stack both in the Meramec and Woodford. All of those plays are trying some things and that laboratory gives us ideas to apply across the board. I don't know that we're even scratching the surface yet in a lot of areas, and we're very, very excited about some of the advancements we're reporting, but we have tremendous uplift yet to happen. And so, it's pretty exciting right now.
Thomas E. Jorden: Drew, there is tremendous future opportunity to test new zones and the same zone elsewhere in our acreage, not only within Culberson and Eddy County. So, we have a lot of work ahead of us, and it's definitely pointing us to get more and more excited about that asset.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yeah, Arun, Cimarex, I think speaks a little differently than some other companies about the Meramec. I would say, first and foremost, we're very excited about the Meramec. We have a program that is in our estimation top tier. We study our wells. We study our competitors' wells, and we think our results are in that upper class, and we have a lot of data to back that statement up. That said, we do see a fair amount of reservoir variability through the play. We don't view the Meramec as a blanket play. We see a fair amount of variability and that's why John talked about the importance of having pilot holes when we target our laterals. The landing zones can change in short order. The yield can change in short order and the well-performance can change. Now, we're fairly confident based on the work we're doing that all if not most of those are solvable. Solvable with completion techniques, solvable with smart application of your landing zone, but it's an evolving story. And as we always have done, we're going to talk about results and our results stand on their own. They're quite good.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yeah, Dan one of the things that drives that, isn't just the rocks, but it's also our ability to drill that longer lateral.
Thomas E. Jorden: And so one of the things that makes Culberson such a beautiful asset for us, not only is it multiple zone, some of which we haven't even tested yet, but we can drill long laterals at will, there is no constraint there over that entire acreage block. That's generally true in Reeves, but there are areas where that's not true and what Cimarex is doing and a lot of operators are focused on, I think there's wide spread recognition of the economic uplift of these longer wells. And so there are some trades going on to let us block up that area and be in a better place to drill long laterals. But as far as the rock goes, it's highly competitive with other things we've got.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yeah. Well, the challenge is it's a really evolving story. And if we had the snapshot of today, and we said, you know what, based on what we know today we have to make long-term capital allocation decisions. There'll probably be a bias for a lot of our Delaware program not only the Bone Spring but the Avalon looks quite good and these long wells in the Wolfcamp, those are all cream of the crop. But we are still seeing not only the Meramec but I'd still throw the Woodford in the mix, that with our – the experiments we're doing with our completion innovations, we're seeing a really improving story there. And so, in the near-term, we're going to continue to experiment. I mean, we want to have an active program in both basins because what we learn is setting the stage for a long-term capital allocation. I mean, you've heard us talk about in the Woodford, we have some projects that would be stacked Meramec and Woodford that once we kick them off, they are hundreds of 10,000 foot long wells. I mean, it's a real opportunity for Cimarex. So we're not just going to snapshot today its evolving story.
Thomas E. Jorden: And Jeanine, I want to give just a little bit of detail in that CapEx increase. On our fourth quarter call, we were at a range of $600 million to $650 million and we said the upper-end of that $650 million would be if those completions rolled into 2016. So, those completions have rolled into 2016. So if we wanted to benchmark us against the fourth quarter, we'd be at that $650 million number we talked about. Now we gave a range of guidance of $650 million to $700 million. So, really we kind of deal with midpoint, midpoint is $675 million. So really it's a $25 million increase over where we were in our fourth quarter call given that those completions are accelerated. So although, it looks like $50 million, I think that's probably just an absolute upper-end of that.
Thomas E. Jorden: Well, I'll take that, this is Tom. We've got lots to do and certainly we have a lot of projects that are begging for capital in the Delaware Basin and these are as John said, the list is long and long and long. And then this Meramec delineation probably is one that we'd easily be able to throw a little capital at. And then we're also, we've talked in the past about we're doing some exploration. I mean, this is the time when we are kind of keying on what our organization does best and our value proposition has always been centered around doing good geoscience, finding ideas that give us competitive advantage and getting acreage positions ahead of the crowd. And so we're putting a lot of emphasis on that as well and there will be some opportunities to come out of that. So depending on what the landscape looks like over the next six months, I think there is a reasonable chance that we may do a little more. We're going to need to see the fundamental shore up. We're going to need to have confidence that this price file is affordable, but we are ready to roll with cash and balance sheet to do it.
Thomas E. Jorden: I'll say just one last thing on that. We do an annual look back, and many of you've heard us talk about that in the past, and John and I spent two hours yesterday, reviewing our annual look back, going back on our history of economic performance. And there are some real lessons there. And one of the lessons is you really have to have confidence on that commodity price file. I mean there's a lot of lessons in that. And it's about being good at the business, making sure you have high quality assets, and being very prudent in your investments. And I think Cimarex has a long history of success on that front, and we're going to continue to stay disciplined. We have the luxury of top tier assets, and outstanding returns in this current price environment. So we're going to be ready to roll, and I think you – I think it's reasonable for you to expect with a little stability in commodity pricing, you will see Cimarex pick up the pace.
Thomas E. Jorden: Well, we see opportunities and we're always in the hunt as we've talked in past calls. There's not a point in time, where we're not evaluating something. Our challenge is we want to create value and I think if you look at the history of M&A, in E&P and in other industries, it's a fairly challenging landscape for acquirers to make the argument that over the long run, that's been a real good value-creating strategy. Now, hey, maybe we count our money differently than others do, but we are who we are and we want to be forthright in our approach to the business. We look at full cycle value creation, we look at time to capital, we look at what the pace of development will be and will that generate a rate of return for our shareholders? Some of these splashy acquisition deals are good for everybody that participates except for the shareholder. And our focus first and foremost is on shareholder value. So, as I've said in the past, there are assets we covet. I mean, there are some really outstanding assets on the market and some really outstanding assets that have transacted. And we've been in that game and we often are at a valuation point where we are just flat out unwilling to get the number that's the winning bid. We ask ourselves at every turn what's our competitive advantage. If we don't have a competitive advantage, and that's generally either information, science or our ability to execute well above and beyond our competitors, then we're just bidding discount rate and commodity price forecast with a group of very well-funded competitors. And that's just not a winning proposition for the Cimarex shareholder. So, we look – I'm very hopeful that there'll be opportunities for us and when we find the right one, we'll strike. But it will be right because we had a competitive advantage.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yes, that's reasonable. Hey, we're not happy about going down to four, then three rigs, but we're going to do what we need to do to preserve that balance sheet and make sure that we're well positioned for the future. We may be getting the wrong feedback. We've always kept our debt low and our conclusion from what we've seen over the last 24 months is that was a prudent course of action because we have a lot of flexibility today in an arena where many of our competitors do not. So we're going to be careful, but nobody is unhappier with us going down to three rigs than we are, but it's what we have to do and we are going to stay disciplined.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah. This is John. There are several factors in there, the biggest driver is just an improvement in our type curve or expectation going forward. And that's really related to the – continually to increase our frac design on these wells. We have three wells now with this current design which I talked about earlier at the 1,640 pounds per foot and those wells have been long enough now that, what's really impressing us is quite frankly lack of decline. These wells come on and they tend to have a very long flat period to them. And we have enough time with those now that we've gained confidence in that type curve and that's led to a major change in our expectation for these wells going forward. I should also point out, though, as Joe mentioned, we actually have also in addition to that, seen some cost reduction in those wells. So, with all that, factored together, that's led to the improvement you're seeing there.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: This is John, again. Well, first thing I would say is, this is still an emerging play and for us, we're still out there doing both a combination of holding acreage, delineating acreage and testing frac design. And so, it's fair to say that some of the wells come in much better than expected and some come in less. We're still learning a lot in regards to these wells, and there's still a lot that we think we can change or improve upon to make these wells even better. So, yeah, there is some variability there, especially, I would point out yes, with our 10,000 foot lateral we just announced. It's also, well, I want to point out that we anticipated having a much higher yield than our previous two 10,000 foot laterals. And so, in that case, we did not flow it back as aggressively from a choke management standpoint. We were interested and with this one, particularly in seeing with choke management, how we could manage that yield. So for that well in particular I don't know that the 30-day rate is as important to us as say the 90 or 180 day rate in terms of the rate we're flowing that well back.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah. This is John. We are very encouraged by what we're seeing coming out of the Upper Wolfcamp D wells, with this continuation of improving to frac design and that's why we indeed went to our most current 10,000 foot lateral in the Lower Wolfcamp, the Flying Ebony to apply that design to it. It's just now an flow back, we all have very high expectations for that well. But we also recognized that not any one well makes a trend this year. But yes going forward, we're very encouraged and let me be also clear, we're not sure that we've really even reached even close to the end number in terms of these frac uplifts, that's why for that Upper Wolfcamp spacing pilot, even though we don't have a well under our belt, we're very comfortable stepping up in the total amount of sand that we're going to pump in those wells because the way we model it with a modest increase in IP and EUR it's a very economic thing to do. So, we're very pleased with the progress we're seeing here, but we still think there's a lot more to gain.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah, this is John, it's not near as well delineated as it is for the D, that's a very fair statement. The majority of our A drilling to-date has been – has mainly occurred in Culberson down in the southeast part, that's where we really recognize it and from the way we map it, but I would also tell you that we are now stepping out into other areas of Culberson, and I'm hoping in future earnings release to talk more about those efforts. But, so far, it's been relegated more to a much smaller area in the southeast than the D, but that's just, as you mentioned early on, we were drilling Ds and a way to hold our acreage and hold all our rights with the Wolfcamp As we've been a little bit more selective, but now with these encouraging results we're seeing, we are quickly stepping out in the other areas of our acreage to get a sense of just how good this could be across the whole position.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah. We – on our previous row, row four, we did quite a bit of experimentation with the frac design there. And in fact, in one case, one section in particular we pumped upwards of 3,200 pounds per foot. That section and those wells are outstanding. I mean, we are just really impressed with the results coming off of that section. And so going forward into this new row development, our base case, and I think Joe alluded to that why we're anticipating the additional cost is to go up to that size of a frac job in the Woodford Shale at 3,200 pounds per foot, whereas before, our standard was more around 1,800 pounds per foot. Again there is cost that are associate with it, but based on the performance we're seeing in on those wells, it's well worth the additional cost to do that. So, that's our go forward plan there for that next row development.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: The only thing I would add is that for that particular spacing pilot, we went the extra step where we went ahead and drilled, what we would call a pilot hole to get additional log information, to really refine where to put those laterals in the Meramec. And I must tell you, I feel pretty good about how we've done this for this particular stacked/staggered pilot in regards to the data we've received from that pilot, which really helped us pinpoint exactly where we're going to put these laterals. Whereas before, Tom's absolutely be right, we would have looked just say, say two sections over and to see what the company XYZ does as far as where they landed it. I think we're recognizing that for the Meramec, I mean, every section might have just a slight different tweak to where you want to put that lateral to achieve maximum performance. And that's some of the lessons we're learning as we go forward. So, I'm very excited about the stacked/staggered pilot and I'm looking forward to when we finally get around to completing it. But as I mentioned, we do have a strong interest in the other operated pilot that is just flowing back now. And there was a lot of science associated with that pilot and we're very anxious to kind of see the flow back, review the science data. And that's why we're not in any rush to go out and frac our current stacked/staggered till we see some of those results and see how we might then tailor our fracture design for our pilot.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah, we have. Again, delineation wells, sometimes the results were not as we were hoping, other times they're outstanding. So, it's kind of what you expect early on in a play like this where every now and then, you hit a homerun and then – now and then, you hit one that's not so good. And then really, it's the ones that don't quite meet our expectations that we really, really spend a lot time on saying, okay, what could we have done differently, where could we have landed differently, how do we make it better. And so, yeah, I'd still think there is a lot of improvements still to come in this play based on what I've seen so far.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah. This is John. I don't have the Big Timber production in front of me right now; we can probably give that information back to you. What I do know is based on that well result as well as some other competitor wells in the area, we feel really, really good about that acreage over there from a 10,000 foot lateral standpoint. So good, as I mentioned in my comments, that we are moving forward with the development plans that we're doing in Reeves County with the 10,000 foot stacked/staggered development that we'll initiate – in fact that's started drilling on right now. It's a very good area for the Upper Wolfcamp and I think our Anaconda pilots really demonstrated to us that it's not just a good area, it's thick enough to support multiple levels of wells in that shale. So going forward, we're very, very excited about that area and the results we'll get, especially from this development that we're currently drilling right now.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Sure. I'll take the stab at that. It competes very well with the other things we have in our portfolio. The thing that's driving a lot of our capital this year, as we've mentioned. is acreage holing. And in particular in Reeves, we have a lot of acreage there that's still on a primary term that we definitely want to hold. So, there is quite a bit of capital going that way. It is fair to say that once we get to the point, where we've excess capital beyond holding acreage, then we have to look – and any time we make those decisions, then it's factors such as, yes, always rate of return and takeaway issues and water sourcing as Joe mentioned, and other factors that lead to where we deploy that capital. But in terms of optional capital spending Reeves, holds its own pretty well compared to Culberson right now.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah, this is John I'll just follow-up. Especially in today's market, to what Tom said, completion costs are really surprisingly enough to me they've gotten a little softer on the service cost side. But as an example to just take our total company frac stats now is the time to try this experimentation. Our early 2016 average frac statistics compared to our 2015 averages such that we're drilling – we're completing 11% longer laterals, pumping 23% more fluid, 30% more sand and when you look at it all-in, cost reduction per well including water sourcing, we're seeing a reduction of 5% and our completion cost even with those increases. So now is the time to try those experiments.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Well, this is John. Actually I think about two days ago, I was in Midland and reviewed our latest Avalon well with our latest generation of frac design and it's fantastic, it's a great well. And the challenge again as you mentioned is all held by production. And so right now, we would must rather spend that capital to hold the rest of our acreage position throughout the Wolfcamp. But, I got to tell you, I got a team down there, this is just itching to go on a two-mile lateral and the Avalon and the numbers look great. But it's just a matter of capital allocation right now, where we think obviously our best interest is to go out there and deploy that capital and hold our acreage for this year. But they're raring to go and at some point, especially since we've already got a number of the spacing pilots done where we're already at eight wells per section of each interval within the Avalon, there are several benches. So it looked really good, it's just a question of when we get to a point where I guess as someone said, we get back to work and start drilling some more wells out there.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Well, this is John. And I guess I'll take a stab at it. It's interesting you asked that. I've been actually kind of going down memory lane, and just recently talked with our lead generator for Culberson. And I'd forgotten that Culberson started in 2006 for us. So, we're in year 10 in Culberson and I'm going to tell you right now, we still don't know everything about Wolfcamp and Culberson; obvious by our well results and what we continue to do. Whereas we're in year two of Meramec and I just think we've scratched the surface. There's just so much that we are learning with each well, both us and our competitors and in some way, yes, it is happening at a far more accelerated paced than Culberson ever did because we were the only game in town when we were doing Culberson. Here, as you well are aware, we have at least five other operators drilling all around us, and we're all looking at each other kind of figure out what works best, where should I go, where do I land. And so clearly, it's at a much more accelerated pace, but sometimes I wonder maybe too fast, honestly, in that you never really get a chance to really catch your breath and look at the data and look at the results – not just that 30-day rate as I mentioned – but what is the well doing 180 days later. And is it surprising you and so – there are sometimes I wish we went to little bit slower to be honest in Meramec – but in some ways we're being forced to just with the competition. So, I don't know if that answers your question, but that's just my perspective on what's going on in the Meramec right now.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: This is John. That's a great question. It's something that we talk about all the time. Part of it is sometimes in some of these sections, we're blessed to have, quite frankly, quite a bit of vertical control within the section to give us an idea of what variability we should expect. In other cases, quite frankly we've reached the point, we said we just got to go ahead and drill and create that information by drilling a pilot hole. I would also tell you in some ways we're putting even more renewed emphasis on our 3D seismic coverage because at least with 3D seismic, you are sampling the geology, so to speak, in a much finer scale. So we're really trying to incorporate that as a tool to help us along with the subsurface control and the horizontal wells that have been drilled to date to build a more comprehensive model of what's going on and what we should expect going forward. I would just tell you that, again, right now, we have expectations for every Meramec well we drill, and each one in some way typically surprises us fortunately to the positive, but also sometimes to the negative. So as we go forward, we'll continue to look for ways to get more comfortable with that variability and be able to adjust to it appropriately.
Joseph R. Albi: This is Joe. We're going to start to see the beginnings of that production late Q4 and into early Q1. We flow the wells back, they clean up and just the timing of the complete row of activity is such that it will end up pretty close to what happened this year with row four, carrying into not only Q4 but into Q1 of this year. I think we'll see the same thing next.
Joseph R. Albi: We saw the same – this is Joe. We saw the same thing in Cana. We kicked off that program in 2007 and it's 2014 where a frac design revolutionizes the play. So, boy, that's a tough question. Where is the end-game on how well these wells can produce, is the real question there.
Joseph R. Albi: And this is Joe. I'll follow-up, from a rig standpoint, when we added rigs earlier, a couple of months back, we got good iron, good crews. And I don't – in fact one of the rigs we got back drilled a record well. So I think the quality of the rigs and the people right now when – if and when we do pick them up, I feel very confident we will get a good efficient optimized service provided to us.
G. Mark Burford: Yeah. Jeanine. Hi, good morning this is Mark here. Yeah using a early May 2 strip price with that incremental capital in our new volume forecast, we're still expecting actually, it's gone up a bit from $400 million to maybe $450 million, the way it looks right now, Jeanine. So, it's something we're closely watching and seeing how that moves through the year. But even with the increased capital you expect that cash balance to be even a bit higher than we had previously forecasted.
G. Mark Burford: Yeah, no, I completely concur with Tom here. It's gaining confidence in our future curve. And now we're seeing kind of same thing as we think about increasing activity, the current curve suggest that we have lots of economic wells to drill. But we've seen a couple head fakes seen the commodity price reverse. A lot of movement to date has probably been driven on expectation of continued oil production than inventories improving, which we're starting to see. But we want to see more continuation of that and making sure that forward strip is really kind of intact and based on the fundamentals.
G. Mark Burford: Yeah, no, it's pretty consistent, John. We're at 28% oil in the first quarter and mid-year within that 0.5% of that is what we see for the fourth quarter. So it's pretty consistent.
