Thomas Jorden: Thank you, Mark, and thank you to all of you on the lines, participating in today's conference. We sincerely appreciate your interest in Cimarex. I'd like to take a few minutes to touch on some of the highlights of the year before turning it over to John and Joe for a more detailed update. We ended 2013 with 2.5 Tcf equivalent in proved reserves, which was an 11% increase over 2012. Production was up 11% year-over-year as well and we look forward to grow roughly 13% in 2014. Because of our efforts in the Permian region, 26% of our proved reserves are now oil. Revenues reached a record $2 billion in 2013 and our debt increased to $924 million, which represents 19% of our total capitalization. Operationally, 2013 was a remarkable year for Cimarex. We saw continued high rates returns from our Bone Spring drilling in both the Mexico and Texas. We unlocked oil-prone Avalon Shale development in our Lea County, New Mexico acreage through new completion technology. And we saw opportunity in a multi-pay Wolfcamp shale expand across our Texas acreage. Without a doubt, the sheer size of Cimarex's Wolfcamp opportunity became much clear in 2013. One of the things that happened in 2013, as we saw a dramatic increase in competition in the Delaware Basin. We normally don't welcome competition, but it added a lot of data points, the information floor accelerated greatly, and the stars aligned deploying to the high-quality of Cimarex's core position in that play. We started the year with a good, but albeit fragmented opportunity in Culberson County, which was based mainly on the development of the Wolfcamp D bench. Later in the year, we proved that the Wolfcamp C and A were also productive, and in June we signed a joint development agreement with Chevron, which solidify the Culberson acreage, making it possible to test long laterals and ultimately optimize development. Simultaneously, we found multiple Wolfcamp pay across our acreage in Reeves and now Ward Count, as evidenced with today's announcement of initial 30-day production from the Worsham well, a Wolfcamp A test in Ward County. In addition, we tested long laterals and have been working on perfecting well completion by using upsized fracs and include more stages as well as higher volumes of profit. Today, we were proud to announce results from our first well that combined two. The Montrose LL 45 Unit Number 1, a Culberson County Wolfcamp D well was completed using an upsized frac with a 10,000 foot lateral and had a max 30-day rate of just over 2,800 barrel of oil equivalent per day. This is significantly higher than our original completions of Wolfcamp D wells. The Montrose looks to have an after-tax rate of return in excess of 85% and the peak 30-day rate now well may end up being even higher than what we've announced, because we haven't seen the well declining yet. This well and the opportunity it has really speaks to the opportunity that joint development agreement allows us to capitalize. In Culberson County, that entire over 100,000 acre gross position is available for full development with long laterals, and these results with long laterals and more that we're currently drilling will allow tremendous development efficiencies as we exploit this with long laterals. We're currently working to determine development parameters in Culberson and Reeves County. We have four separate spacing pilots underway and each tends to go along way and giving Cimarex the information we need to begin Wolfcamp development in 2015. And we look forward to sharing those results with you as we go. One of the things that you see as you look at Cimarex is we try to stay disciplined and when we talk about 30-day results, and with some of these wells we've had to kind of restrain ourselves, because the initial flow back has been extremely encouraging. As we look ahead, I think I can speak up for the entire executive team, we're very proud of our organization. We're proud of the way our organization is adapting to a changing business for doing multiyear planning for acquiring the science we need in order to make prudent development decisions in the future or building and identifying the infrastructure we'll need for future years. And really organizing and performing in a way that will allow us to optimally exploit this tremendous resource that we control. You're going to see some detail here in the comments that Joe and John make. And with that, I'll turn it over to John Lambuth to discuss those details.
Thomas Jorden: Well, Drew, this is Tom. We are indeed looking at a multiyear time horizon and we have to. I mean, we've got decisions to make today that will impact 2018, 2019. We have to collect the science and do the spacing pilots in order to come up with prudent development plans. We don't know what ultimate spacing will be. I mean John talked about 80 acre spacing. He talked about 105 acre spacing. Today, we can't tell you that it's not 40 acre spacing. We just don't know until we go out there and test it. And we're looking carefully at competitors, but right now we're not throwing a lot of spacing pilots going on the Delaware Basin, other than our four. We have one competitor doing another space pilot issue, but we're having to create these data points to setup our out years. So we have to do the science required for out year developments. We have to build the infrastructure and we have to club the financing plan. So we are looking at that year at out years. You asked about Culberson County, overall in the Basin, we're on a glide path to hold all of our acreage, certainly all of that we see perspective, which is darn near every acres. And that's a very manageable program. If we do the minimum, it would probably be $350 million a year for the next few years, but we're accelerating that and we'll front load that, so we can get that held earlier. Your question also was about Culberson County and Wolfcamp A, Wolfcamp C, Wolfcamp D. It depends by large on the lease. Some of our leases, we can hold all Wolfcamp with one well, so we can choose the zone. Other leases, we have to drill the deepest target first in order to hole the deepest interval, but a lot's changed since we have gone into this project, and one of which there was a day when we would have said, we think the Wolfcamp A is our most economic target. Today, we don't know. That Montrose well was landed to Wolfcamp D. And it's arguably the best economics of any well we've drilled in basin. And so we don't know, if leases were a concern, I can't tell you today, which would be our primarily target. We've got a lot of experimentation with these long laterals and upside fracs, before we can make that kind of economic high-grade. And finally, you asked about future development. We do have a development plan and its changing everyday, based on these pilot projects, that's why we're doing them. We don't think we're going to have any issues with land going into full development, whether that would be Culberson Reeves or Ward we don't know today, but we're getting for it.
Thomas Jorden: I want to make one follow-up point. All of our pilots are 5,000 foot laterals and we don't see that as -- in everything we learn on the pilot, we view it will be directly applicable to a longer lateral. And so we're doing our pilots on 5,000 foot laterals, quite frankly, because we can get them drilled faster, completed quicker and we spend a little less per well as we experiment, but everything we're learning in this pilots should directly translate to longer laterals.
Thomas Jorden: The challenge in a lot of these areas is it's parsed up land-wise. So it's a nice thing when you get these continuous acreage blocks. Ward County, we have some good continuous acreage blocks, but whether that will be -- I don't know if that will support for 10,000 foot lateral. We may have some 7,500 foot laterals to drill there. But when we think long laterals, based on what we seen, we're going to do it everywhere we can. But it really harkens back to the real value of that agreement between Chevron and Cimarex. Long laterals were strong motivator for both companies to enter into our joint development agreement and the results we're seeing are really, really reinforcing that decision.
Thomas Jorden: Probably in that case more monetization and we have some legacy acreage there. Our team did a nice job of identifying the potential there and there was enough acreage to justify what's going out there and doing a couple well test. We're still in flow back on those wells, but we were encouraged enough from the results that we have budgeted some money this year to drill some additional wells on that acreage block. But this is not a very big position for us at all. It's more about just taking advantage of having that relatively small track of land right there in Reagan and drilling on it.
Thomas Jorden: We're quite high on Ward. It's not a stepchild by any means. We currently have 18 rigs running in the Delaware Basin and four them are in Ward County. So it's a good project.
Thomas Jorden: There's no mystery there. We like the Delaware group. We've drilled a lot Delaware in our history. The thing is it's relatively uncontrolled out here. It's a big thick package, sands come and go, and you need to map it with control. So every time we drill a Wolfcamp well, we add another point of control, we're mapping as we go and we see it as future objective, but it certainly will be part of our 2014 program.
Thomas Jorden: Just on Slide 14, our wells and targets that we're currently exploiting that we view our economic. So in Ward County, we only have one target there, because that's all we've drilled. We will be testing the B/C as John said. It looks highly perspective to us. We didn't include on the slide, because we don't have any results.
Thomas Jorden: We're not prepared to comment on EUR for a well for which we just have a few months of production. We're going to have to watch it. And it does look like it's a little shallower decline in our original wells. And we're seeing greater than a 30% uplift certainly on sustained rate. But time will tell our EUR there.
Thomas Jorden: This time we're obviously watching our competitors carefully on that and we see their enthusiasm for the play. We also understand that there are a lot of technology challenges that were faced and dealt in that play. We understand those technical challenges probably. And we see the potential, but boy, there is so much we don't know. We don't know what the yield will be, is it oily, is it gassy, what the deliverability will be. We're going to test it and we'll report back when we have some results.
Thomas Jorden: Is it thick enough? Is it sufficiently thick to absorb to pilots and stack them and we're going to probably test it.
Thomas Jorden: In the cast of Avalon, you're absolutely right that early on in that program when we drilled the completed wells, we've got very good IPs, but then they would fall like a rock within the first 30 days to 60 days. Quite frankly, with this new frac design, we don't really experienced very high IPs at first, but over time the wells continued to clean up to whereafter 30 days to 60 days, we then reached our peak IP. And then we see much slower decline. So that's what's been the biggest change as per that frac design, which has led to that kind of result we're having. So we've fundamentally had changed kind of the flow back profile of those wells based on that frac.
Thomas Jorden: I can tell you that most of what we know about stack, we've gleamed from the internet. And we see the same mystery that our competitors do and that the long response look somewhat enigmatic and competitive that's ahead of us to call core, and now is unlocking the play to them. We've taken a long-haul core, it's currently being analyzed. As John said, as we map that interval it comes over most if not all of our 75,000 acres held by production acreage. And I just told you about the full technical analysis. We're analyzing the rocks. We are going to test it and the proof will be in the pudding. But one of the many unknowns, two of them are the rate, the ultimate deliverability and the hydrocarbon type. And we can do all the science in the world, and then the well will tell us the answer and that's underway.
Thomas Jorden: The Avalon is perspective over a very broad part of the Basin. In fact, our one of the best Avalon wells drilled, there's a well we drilled in Eddy County, a very gassy well, a very high deliverability. So could the Avalon expand? Absolutely. It's a function of product price. So it's reservoir and it produces over much of the Basin.
John Lambuth: I can address right off about the laterals. We have drilled two now, I mean we have talked about one. Going forward, currently in Culberson for the rest of this year, we have three more 10,000 foot laterals planned, One into D, two into C. We also have seven 7,500 foot laterals. Now you might ask yourself, why not 10,000, and quite frankly that's because of the way the acreage lined up, we were able to drill 7,500 because of the way the o sections were. We have seven of those going forward, four into D and three in the A. So we have quite a few now that that we're planning. And obviously from the results we talked about we're very excited and trying to move quicker towards the path and towards drilling those type of wells. I mean, as far as holding our acreage, I mean we have a schedule and we kind of know each year what kind of capital that schedule requires. We do tend to front in that, meaning we try to get ahead of it. It's safe to say, with certainly by the end of 2017, we'll have a majority of that held or maybe just a few wells maybe we have to do, but we'll be in pretty good shape by '17 for sure.
John Lambuth: As we recognized the play, as we see what our competitors are doing and as we map it, we do feel as though that that interval definitely carries over into our Cana HBP acreage. Quite frankly it looks very perspective based on where they're putting their laterals. And we are developing plans to aggressively move forward and tested here in the near future on our acreage, at least some initial tests.
John Lambuth: I would probably lean more towards the natural variability. We have played with the frac design. Tom mention, it is kind of nice in Delaware Basin that there are a lot of competitors, and we pay very close attention to what others were doing. We learn from that. In the case of the Bone Spring, we have tried some upside fracs. I would say, right off the bat, we got the kind of uplift we were looking for, but still the jury is still out. Those wells are still in early flow back. I would also point out that we're just getting more and more comfortable with that region in terms of what we're looking for, in terms of what we're putting those laterals in the Bone Spring. I think that's what's showing up in the kind of activity results we're getting there. I mean it's turning out to be, without a doubt, that Second Bone Spring in Culberson, some of the highest rate of return wells we're drilling right now.
John Lambuth: Well, we expect to be still fairly active in Ward. We do have acreage to hold. As you know, we picked up a nice block of acreage last year that we will need to overtime here drill on. But, no, the actively level will be pretty good at Ward, because we have a lot of acreage there, but we also have a lot of testing delineations still to do there. Of the three areas is the one where we've done our lease drilling. So we still have a lot to do to learn and understand how perspective that acreage is, I'll just point out, not just in the A, but I would argue throughout the entire Wolfcamp section there. We haven't really stepped down into the deeper section yet, although we talk about doing that at some point later this year in Ward.
John Lambuth: We don't know. I think honestly just time will tell in that case. I don't know that -- I guess I'll just say we don't know. We just need more production history here to tell us whether or not we can get a different type of decline profile than what the typical Third Bone Spring sands do. So we'll just have to wait and see.
John Lambuth: Right now, I can't really comment on D. Honestly, when we look at Ward County, the next sound that we get really excite about is really the B/C. Now, I don't know that really look much at D, I think it does thin there some, but I can't really comment. Nobody's, really to my, recollection has drilled a D well in Ward County.
John Lambuth: I must say that Avalon position we have is right in kind of the sweet spot of where the best Avalon wells are being made. And so it's pretty tightly held by a number of operators. We're fortunate enough to have the position we have to develop those locations. So I don't see much in a way. There is no acreage necessarily just go out there and lease, it's tied up pretty tight. Your second question? I'm sorry.
John Lambuth: Well, it's safe to say, yes. We are still actively trying based on our mapping to continue to acquire acreage, and we continue to be somewhat successful in doing that. But we still are having some success picking up new leases in that play.
John Lambuth: And reality always can intervene on the best plants, but I'll say this, we have shy of one rig of the rigs that are fully baked into that plan and we're on track here. So the model is what the model is. It's back half loaded.
John Lambuth: I guess it would depend on which engineer I talk to because depending on who I talk to, they all wanted a difference amount of time. There are certain things we look for, obviously what's and rather so excited about Culberson is just that initial IP and that 30-day rate we see, that clearly was a step change relative to our other wells as our graph shows. But I'll be honest, some of these other wells, it doesn't really show up some times early on in the production, but it definitely shows up a good 90 days, 120 days later in the client profile. So sometimes it could take a good 90 days to 120 days before you really sell like you've made a type of change that's going to be material in terms of that overall EUR.
John Lambuth: Well, we feel very good about our frac design right now, especially in Culberson, very good. Now, I would argue in Reeves, we haven't drilled as many wells. And I would argue that we still have potential to dramatically change that frac and do even better Reeves. The resource there is very thick. It maps very good for us. And so we still have some homework to do their in Reeves in terms of optimizing that frac, but I'd like the job, we have right now that we're doing as evidenced by some of the results we've talked about in the past. So going forward, we feel very good about our current stimulation for that area.
John Lambuth: What I can speak to is we have taken from the Culberson completion and we've taken it to one of our sections and we have completed four wells now in Canada using that frac style and we are inflow back, and again you can sit here and argue how many months is it going to take to tell whether it makes a different or not. But I'll just simply say, as I said earlier, the early signs to us are encouraging. And certainly that's something probably by next earnings call, we'll have a lot more information to tell you about on those wells.
John Lambuth: We are constantly amazed based on what others are doing not just within the Delaware Basin, but other Basins and how tight people are starting to put these laterals, vertically from each other. And so that's something we recognize, and yes, and in Culberson A we will more than likely touch that.
John Lambuth: Again, we're very lucky in the Avalon. There is a lot of drilling that's taking place. A lot of pilots have gone forward. And right now, everyone is kind of gravitating to six wells a section. So really there's nothing more than just taking our current perspective acreage position and then planning out to six wells per section to get to that well count.
John Lambuth: Well, I can tell you exactly, what's going on today, but also in 30 days it will change, because obviously any one rig we have could move from a Bone Spring to a Wolfcamp well. But as we speak right now, we have nine wells, soon to be 10, drilling Wolfcamp wells. Six wells drilling Bone Springs and then one well drilling in Avalon, and then there is another rig testing other types of concepts for us right now. So right now that should bring you to 18 with the 19 rig coming some time in the April, May timeframe. In terms of Cana, we have the two operated rigs and then we have a partners has six rigs. But our understanding is they will be winding down the rig count to essentially zero some time here in the second quarter, if not sooner in Cana.
John Lambuth: Well, I can say this much in terms of the Midland Basin right now we have seven wells scheduled for Midland on that acreage. Again, the 2014, I think there is some follow-up ones in '15. It's not a huge position.
John Lambuth: And then in terms of stack, I honestly I don't know, we really have a good number on acreage right now. We're still trying to map it to get a better definition of it. We have a lot of acreage over, I'll just say that much.
John Lambuth: I'm not going to quote an EUR as much as I'll just say again, the rate of returns right now on our Avalon wells are pretty much competing right there with our Bone Spring wells. It's turned into a wonderful rate of return play for us. So we're very, very pleased. And then thus you see the amount of capital we're going to allocate to it this year and aggressively drill it this year.
John Lambuth: It saddens me to say being a geophysicist that at the end of '13 we've made the decision to close down our Gulf Coast region, as an active exploration region. It really reached to point where with the totality of all the opportunity we had in the Permian and quite frankly Mid-Continent and the type of rate of returns we're generating, we just felt like the Gulf Coast cannot be as impactful as it has for us in the past. And quite frankly, we have extremely talented people in the Gulf Coast that we felt like we could better deploy in both the Permian and the Mid-Continent efforts. So at the end of '13 we did that. We have at best maybe one or two prospects remaining that we like, that we may drill in the '14 and then that would pretty much close the door on our Gulf Coast exploration program.
John Lambuth: I mean, when we quote those locations, we're really talking specifically to that one area in southwestern Lea, that that quite frankly the best wells are being drilled. And that's where we concentrate our effort. As I said earlier, for the previous call, that acreage is tied up very tight. There is not a lot of additional opportunity to expand upon that. So right now that that's where we're concentrating our efforts.
Joseph Albi: It obviously plays a big role in that. The resources needs not only, as far as batteries, equipment, but also people. And as we continue to look forward down the road as to our resource needs, this all plays a big role in that. So we're trying to optimize every which way we can. There is not only just operational efficiencies to be gained, we also firmly believe there is tremendous capital efficiencies to be gained as well.
Joseph Albi: When we first put our plan together, we had limited data. So the answer to your question at a fairly high level is, yes. We've incorporated production uplifts on a risk basis for our Wolfcamp program and that's built into our numbers.
Joseph Albi: We don't have any plans as of right now, as we always talk about, we recognize it. It's just obviously our first primary purpose, when we drill the well in a new section like that is to hold acreage and so we're going to the deepest target, where we can get good rate of returns. We will get there eventually, but as of right now, we don't have any plans.
Joseph Albi: Well, boy, I'd love to think we could do that. Obviously, what made the Chevron JDA so perfect for that is because it was a check report. Essentially they were the white squares and we were the black. So by putting that together it was a natural fit. In other areas, it all kind of depends on how your acreage flows relative to your competitors and your peers and what you could do there. I mean if there was a situation, where we felt like there was someone who had a comparable acreage position that we paired up it would lead to longer laterals, we would probably entertain talking to them. But I just don't know if there is going to be that many situations, just given the lay to land there.
Joseph Albi: I mean to get to the 760 to 780 and start off where we are in Q1, it's obviously a ramp up. And the ramp up as we've currently got it scheduled and all this can vary with completion schedules, frac schedules, crews and what have you, calls for a good ramp up here in the later part of Q2.
Joseph Albi: This is the exact same type of profile that we put out in front of you guys last year and we did it.
Joseph Albi: We have acreage in that play, especially up in the White City area. But we also recognize that that it could expand even beyond there. We just haven't got to the point of testing it just yet in the areas like Lea County like you're mentioning.
Joseph Albi: An area quite frankly we're looking back at now from along lateral standpoint. It to us right now that area looks very perspective now, because of these long laterals.
