Dan Dinges: Well in West Virginia, we have still approximately a million acres in West Virginia, and that’s held by production we had previously in some of those shallow zones, Pearce, before we started developing the Marcellus. We had drilled several horizontal wells, and that opportunity still remains in West Virginia. We have an evaluation process ongoing with our assets in West Virginia. We had recently permitted a well in the West Virginia area and we will continue to look at enhancement opportunities on that acreage. So to answer your question just succinctly, yes, we do think there are opportunities to drill horizontal wells in some of the areas in West Virginia.Pearce Hammond – Simmons & Co.: Thank you very much.
Dan Dinges: I’ll let Jeff make the overall comment, Brian, but I will say that our price points are tied to different indices and those indices are variable, if you will, out there on what the future realizations are going to be. But I’ll let Jeff answer.
Dan Dinges: For share repurchase, we have not been in the market yet, Brian. We have—as we’ve mentioned, we’ve evaluated the noise in this very short period of time from our last conference call. We’ve been active in preparing a rather lengthy internal look at the future on all of our projects, opportunities and sensitivities, on accelerated projects, on price point sensitivities, on the macro market. We’ve spent a great deal of internal time focused on that. We have our board meeting coming up. It’s our intent to have some of this played out at our board meeting. But in the meantime, looking at the market and looking at the swings in the market, as I’d said earlier, the volatility is going to dissipate a little bit before we get into the market, but it is my expectation still that we will be in the market at some point.
Dan Dinges: Well no, that’s a fair guess; and again, it’s an early guidance. We typically put our guidance out later in the year. We’ve had enough questions and concern attached with what our confidence level is in our growth profile. We wanted to get it out there, and as I mentioned in my comments, Charles, that we are entirely comfortable at this level of growth. If you just look at our exit rate that we anticipate in ’14 and you carry that forward into ’15, you can get within that fairway of 20 to 30% growth in ’15, and that’s why I added to the comments that it may prove to be conservative at that level.
Dan Dinges: Well we—and the reason for the extended look and being more granular at our extended look was to stack up all of the opportunities that we had in front of us and that we have in front of us, and to look at the planning that we want to do right now in moving forward to, one, be able to have the right staffing; two, to be able to plan for the right services and personnel to be able to assure program execution to be able to achieve those levels. We know the assets can deliver; we’re entirely comfortable with our asset pool and the results of our wells and our consistency of cost in drilling wells, but we do want to put together the whole program in a—let’s say a more detailed fashion than we have in the past. We’re excited about when we stack up all these opportunities and it looks at the new markets that we’re going to be able to access and making some of the assumptions that you do on price points that we’re getting to with our new gas, it’s a robust program.
Dan Dinges: Well, I think you’ve seen each—and I’ll pitch it to Jeff after I make a comment, but I think you’ve seen in just about each quarterly conference call, we come out and announce some type of capacity additions that we’ve added to the plan. We think we’ll be able to continue to do that. In regard to just keeping the production flat and what it is quarterly, right now, Joe, our expectation is 2Bcf and whether we go from a 1.8, 1.9Bcf a day to a 2.1Bcf a day to the end of the year, I’m comfortable at saying the average is going to be 2Bcf-plus, and how it rolls through the year is going to be sequential growth but I don’t have it that granular at this time. And Jeff, you want to make—
Dan Dinges: Yeah, we typically always risk our production profile, as we do with our EURs and as we also put in a little bit of contingency in our AFEs. 
Dan Dinges: Okay, Doug. Yeah, again, as you saw the numbers and as we reported, they’re good numbers. They are meeting or exceeding our expectations to continue to allocate capital. We feel comfortable allocating the third rig. We feel comfortable being able to acquire additional acreage to bolt on. Our location count in the Eagle Ford is probably 500, 600 locations or so, and that certainly includes our Presidio area also. So once we get our arms around this third rig, I think it’s intuitive to think that we would also look at an expanded program and possibly to a fourth rig also in the Eagle Ford, particularly as we continue to acquire acreage. Doug Leggate – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So how should we think about the priority for allocating cash, thinking Marcellus, Eagle Ford and buybacks, if you could deal with those three in some kind of order, and maybe acreage acquisitions added in there as well.
Dan Dinges: Yeah, the majority of our acreage is in Frio County. We have the extended lateral—as far as a pad, one, it was the largest number of wells we’ve drilled from one pad on average for wells located in close proximity. It is certainly the longest laterals that we have used. The density or spacing of the frack stages came down a little bit also from our average of our prior wells, and in fact we will probably have a little bit further reduction in our frack stage spacing as we roll forward to evaluate the efficiency gains that we might be able to derive from that.
Dan Dinges: Well, I think by virtue of our growth expectations, I definitely think that we will.Jeffrey Campbell – Tuohy Brothers Investments: Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Dan Dinges: Okay. On the well side, we have about 22 wells that are waiting on pipeline. We have five wells that we are currently completing, and we have 24 wells that are waiting on completion. So we have a pretty good backlog right now; and again, we knew that we would be building up quite a backlog at this period of time, and from this point forward we’re going to be moving through those and working those numbers down.
Dan Dinges: I don’t know. We have—I can’t think of a day when I look at my daily drilling report, I can’t think of a day that we have not seen a compressor down or a dehy down, or something like that. That’s just the nature of the beast, and there’s just a lot of moving parts and a large gathering infrastructure system like that. So it’d be rate speculation, but I’m sure it would be—you know, we’ve hit over 1.5Bcf. I think the record was 1.538 or something close to that. I’m sure if we had things just humming along and we had the compressors tuned up the way we want them, we’d be well over 1.6Bcf a day.
Dan Dinges: Good.Jack Aydin – Keybanc Capital Markets: How many frack stages do you have waiting? And then I’m looking—you know, you’re going to drill about 155 to 170 wells, and lots of those coming maybe in the second half of the year. So I run the numbers in a way, your 2015 guidance granted has some upside, but it looks like quite conservative maybe. Could you—
Dan Dinges: Oh, bottom line Jack, we’re looking for oil and gas. We are extending a look at the play south where the drilling has been, and we think our fairway is in the volatile window and we think that we have an opportunity there. So yes, that is the section—one of the sections that we’re looking at.Jack Aydin – Keybanc Capital Markets: Thank you.
Dan Dinges: Well, the differentials are a hard number to get. We think that the differential is going to be somewhat similar to what we’re experiencing today. On our production guidance, we’ve had some discussion on the capacity that we now maintain firm, transportation, firm sales and the additional capacity that we expect to add to our inventory. As Jeff mentioned, to get to the 2Bcf level, it’s probably 100 million, 150 million of additional work or capacity or sales that we would realize in addition to our firm that would get us to the 2Bcf mark.
Dan Dinges: I haven’t broken that out. We can get back to you on that on an exact percentage, but we’re going to be growing the production so that number will probably increase slightly. I’ll have to get back, and I’m sure you’ll see it, Matt, in one of our future presentations once we get more granular on our ’15 guidance.Matt Portillo – Tudor Pickering Holt: Perfect. And then just last question for me – was hoping that you could talk a little bit about the organic leasing opportunity you see today within the Eagle Ford, and then any appetite in regards to M&A in the basin. Thank you.
Dan Dinges: Okay, Matt. Organic leasing – it is what it is. We continue to talk to owners of the unleased acreage out there, and we think there’s an opportunity to pick up additional acreage. As far as M&A activity in the basin, I think there are some opportunities to pick up some small professionals that own acreage out there, and if the opportunity arises we’d look at it. Some of the pricing that we’ve seen in the M&A side of the business has been fairly robust, and we think the capital efficiency of our organic approach is more prudent for us at this stage.Matt Portillo – Tudor Pickering Holt: Thank you very much.
Dan Dinges: Well Wayne, it is hard to pick a price that you say that you’re going to just shut in production, particularly with the yield that we get from a fairly low price point. But—so I’m not going to state just a price that we’re going to shut in, but if the market looks like it’s behaving in a way that it would be prudent for us to shut in gas today and sell it near term, then we look at that. But we don’t have any plans right now to shut in any large volumes of gas with the market that we see out in front of us.
Dan Dinges: Well, I think there is an equation you can run, Wayne, that would get you to that point; but at this stage, again, our realization was 374 for this last quarter, and we are delivering a good return. We’re putting that capital to use that’s delivering, again, a return profile, for example adding the third rig in the Eagle Ford, that is generating a nice return with those invested dollars. But I do understand your question and certainly it’s an equation that we can run; for example, if we were getting close to flipping the switch on Constitution and it was just a significant blowout and somebody wanted us to move gas for a buck, we’re not going to move it for a buck. We’ll wait to open the capacity of Constitution and start selling our gas into a different market that would not be realizing those prices. So I understand your question and there’s merit to it, it’s just right now—
Dan Dinges: Well, I think if you look at all of the producers out there, we’re not the only one selling into these markets. When you look at the amount of gas that’s going into Tennessee or going into lighty, there’s gasses from a lot of different price points, not just up in the box up in northeast PA but there’s other gas flowing into those pipes to saturate the market. So I think there is a price out there that the industry would say, we’re just not going to move our gas for that. It’s more valuable than that and we’re just not going to move it. So there is that price point. What it is exactly, $1 or $1.50, I don’t know where it might be - $2? But there is certainly a price point that I think a number of producers would say, we’re just not going to move our gas at that price.
Dan Dinges: I try to get my head around it also, and one of the things that we’re looking at, and I’ll pitch this to Jeff that digs deeper than I, but when you look at some of the differentials and you see how the indices are established, you have really very few contracts that are capturing volumes out there that are setting the index and what supposedly two parties, a buyer and seller, are willing to move gas for. I question the differentials and particularly the number of contracts that are steering a large volume of gas, and we’re looking into the transparency of all of the transactions, though right now being able to have access to a buyer and a seller, from my understanding at this stage of my look, is that those are confidential parties. But I’m looking at it to try to understand it a little bit more in detail also.
Dan Dinges: Well, I appreciate everybody’s interest. Obviously the conversations regarding the movement of gas and our ability to grow is on everybody’s mind. I can assure you we’re confident that we will be able to deliver within our guidance point; otherwise, we would not put those guidance points out. But when you look at what we have to be able to deliver in the future, we’re going to, I think, comfortably deliver top tier production growth, not only in the next few years but moving out. We’ll also have reserve growth that will be very robust. We’ll do it in a free cash flow environment, and that gives us certainly confidence that we’re going to be able to continue to enhance shareholder value on out into the future, and it certainly should give the shareholders confidence that the asset package we have will be able to deliver that value. So again, thanks for the questions and we will see you next quarter. Thank you, Emily.
Jeffrey Hutton: Okay, Brian. To begin with, the comment that we made in the speech on Rose Lake was just another example of how there’s new capacity opening up on Tennessee that allows for additional volumes to flow on that particular pipeline, so we didn’t participate as a shipper but we are selling gas to people who will participate as a shipper. Number two, I guess, is the other ancillary contracts that we have picked up in order to move gas from one basin to another. The pricing points all vary, transport costs all vary. For us, it’s all about netback – it’s about assumptions that we make on the pricing locations and how that works to our best interest in getting the highest price for product.  So each case is different. The Millennium capacity is fairly cheap as existing capacity. As you know, expansion capacity up there in new pipe is generally in the $0.50 to $0.60 range, but new pipe gets you a big advantage as another straw out of Susquehanna County. So we look at all those factors when making those decisions.
Jeffrey Hutton: No, I think there are still additional opportunities in the northeast. As you know and if you look at our slide on the routes that Cabot Gas can reach and the markets that it can reach, we intend to be very, very active in Canada, at Waddington – it’s in the far north part of the eastern part of the United States. We expect to supply a lot of gas into the Boston area, and then coming south New York, Jersey, Connecticut – all those areas. Mid-Atlantic, the DC area, we’ve been very active down in the Carolinas into the Piedmont market, very active. That’s a huge market – that’s a third of the country’s population, and we think we can reach out to all those areas. And you know, of course, we do have backhaul transport that takes us back in the Appalachian area into the Columbia pricing locations, so that’s a lot of market. We think we have access—better access than most producers in northeast PA. Geographically, we’re situated very well. I think the southwest PA producers have opportunity in the Gulf Coast. We have not ruled out, though, and are talking with markets in the Gulf Coast about transportation paths and how our Marcellus gas can fit in with their plans.
Jeffrey Hutton: Yes. Joe, this is Jeff. I think two parts to your question – one, if I understood correctly, shorter term versus longer term. In shorter term, we tried to lay out in the speech that we have picked up additional capacity that was existing capacity on Millennium – 70,000 last month and an incremental 150 coming up. We laid out a plan that actually connects our infrastructure in Pennsylvania to the state’s largest utility up there, and we have already entered into sales agreements with them. There’s additional capacity coming up on all the pipes that we operate on, so shorter term when I say next 18 months, we’re not in the same camp as what you refer to as aren’t all the pipes full. We are not in that camp. Longer term is definitely Constitution, a big 30-inch pipe that is going to take us to two new markets—or three new markets, two new interstates, and the central Penn part of Atlantic Sunrise, and those big 30-inch pipes are coming out of operating area so we feel real good about Years 3, 4 and 5 from now that we’ll be able to grow.
Jeffrey Hutton: Sure, Gil. I think for the most part we’re close, and we’ll take a few pieces of capacity we’re working with other shippers on to—you know, just to make sure in getting to that comfort zone that we have exactly what we need. Going forward, it looks very favorable. We’re not concerned about not flowing that amount of gas.
Jeffrey Hutton: This is Jeff again. I think the comment we made about the storage refill was just to indicate how strong daily cash prices have been up in the northeast part of the Marcellus. Comparatively speaking, cash has been very strong for the last month or so, and we’re expecting the cash market to stay strong throughout the storage refill period. That has led to an improvement in the term market, being the summer market, maybe the one-year market, maybe going out the next couple years for basis differentials in finite term contracts. As little as six weeks, eight weeks ago, the summer on certain price was trading $1.75 under NYMEX, for example. Today, that’s probably $1 under NYMEX, so there has been strength in the marketplace for the term business aspect, and it looks like it’s going to continue.
Jeffrey Hutton: Okay, a couple points on that. I think there is a chance that infrastructure could be over-built in 18 months or two years – I would agree with that in both southwest PA and northeast PA. We have taken an approach where we have tied up certain volumes of our gas – and this is, again, on the website presentation – certain volumes of our gas into long-term contracts, and those long-term contracts, those customers are using their firm transport, their firm takeaway to take that gas to their city gates.  The second approach was to purchase firm transport, and again those numbers are available to you on the presentation. Those volumes are—we control, and we move those molecules to certain locations for better pricing, of course. And then the third aspect of our marketing approach has been to enter into spot sales – those are typically 30-day sales, summer sales April through October, winter period sales November through March, (indiscernible) gas cash sales. And I don’t think we’re unlike a lot of producers – we have a portfolio of options, and that’s our approach to marketing each month. The producer that you mentioned, or I’ve heard that producers are—or some producers say simply, we will produce our gas to the amount of firm we own. We’ve taken a little different approach to that. We’re looking at all aspects of the market opportunities that are sitting there in front of us, and I think for the most part, we have a little advantage in that we’re delivering gas to three major interstate pipelines. We’re not married to one, and the infrastructure that we’ve designed gives us flexibility to move gas between those pipelines based on pricing and pipeline pressures. And with the addition of Constitution, it’s going to take us, of course, to Interstates No. 4 and 5 and then Atlantic Sunrise to Interstate 6 and 7. So having seven interstate markets and again attached to one of the largest utilities, or the largest utility in the state, gives us a lot more options and opportunities.
Jeffrey Hutton: That would be difficult, and I’ll explain why. I think the buyers of gas, both industrials and utilities, they’re all different. They all take different approaches and they all have different buying habits, purchasing habits. When you throw in the mix of power plants, then it really gets confusing as to who’s using what capacity on what day to get to what market. For the most part, we have very consistent day sales. We know—we have markets that count on us for gas, and I think other producers take the same approach; but to quantify who is using what on what day during what period of time during the year would be difficult.
Jeffrey Hutton: Yeah Joe, I think the improvement we’ve seen in pricing has a couple factors that have influenced it. One has been the winter. There is good price realization going on in the cash market, as we mentioned before. I think the demand and the actual people who burn the gas, at some point they come into the equation. Yes, there is excess capacity up there, but just how much more incremental demand is there at certain parts of the year? So I would—I realize that we expected improvement in the differentials when we had a good winter, and they did improve. They didn’t improve all the way up to a flat Henry hub-type number. I think we’re struggling to understand completely the dynamics of that.  One of the approaches for us has been to make sure that not only do we have firm transport but the firm sales, and particularly our last deal with Cove Point and Washington Gas to make sure that we actually had someone that burns the gas. I mean, having an 850 million a day, 15, 20-year contract for people that do burn it was very important to us. So yeah, I agree with you. I don’t understand exactly the dynamics that would cause a $0.70 differential at this point, but it has been a big improvement over the last 60 days.
Jeffrey Hutton: No, that was existing capacity, just hadn’t been sold yet, or—excuse me, just hadn’t been bought yet, and we bought it. The utility sales are new, incremental to us. I think there is existing capacity and there is pipe, and the way we work the system and the way the system works is the capacity that we pick up could be one-year in duration, two years, five years in duration. It could be 15 years with evergreen provisions. It could come from someone who bought it and it’s just red ink to them, or it could be expansion capacity. There’s a lot of deals and transactions made in the secondary capacity release market, and we continually work that. We do take capacity in short-term releases as well when they net us back our prices. So again, there’s a lot of capacity in those pipes. Sometimes it takes you to places you don’t want to go. Sometimes it doesn’t start where you want it to start. So for all the producers in the Marcellus as a whole, there’s a constant jockeying around of positions on capacities to make sure that gas flows every day and netbacks are as high as they can be. 
Jeffrey Hutton: Okay, so that capacity—you say it’s new. It’s new the marketplace; it’s existing in the pipe. I mean, it’s confusing terms. We’re out there. We’ve put a bid in to take some of that capacity. We didn’t want it all because some of it doesn’t do us any good. And likewise when Transco went out last month with 200,000 a day of capacity for a shorter term – I think it was a nine-month term – we took part of that capacity. It’s an ongoing process, and I think all the pipes use their resources to try to increase their throughput. They’re constantly looking at ways to add capacity to the system, and as contracts get taken, it actually opens up—it could open up space for paths to move in different directions. So it’s something that all producers and shippers and markets face on a day-to-day basis.
Wayne Cooperman – Cobalt Capital: I’m sure that this has been asked 100 ways, but I’m just wondering—you know, people are really worried about pricing. I wonder what price do you see where you cut back production and just wait until you get better pricing with better takeaway? I don’t know if I’m phrasing that question in a way that I can get an answer.
Wayne Cooperman – Cobalt Capital: Let me just try to rephrase that a little bit differently, then. We all know the gas is there – I mean, you have the best rock in the country, probably, and you’ve got a takeaway capacity right now that’s going to get alleviated, and therefore the differentials that you’re seeing now should dissipate over time. Isn’t there—don’t you earn more money by producing less gas now, selling at a low price, and just producing more gas in two years? I mean, you’re going to get much closer to Henry hub.
Wayne Cooperman – Cobalt Capital: And is there some—is there some price-limiting factor to how low a price can go in your market, or you’re kind of—I mean, there’s really nothing to stop it from trading at a dollar or two in a bad part of the market.
