Dan Dinges: Scott just corrected me, 3.1 tons of CO2 equivalent per 1,000 barrels of oil equivalent. This significantly lower than the production weighted average intensity of 15 tons of CO2 equivalent per 1,000 barrels of oil equivalent for U.S. onshore assets, as reported by interest based on the 2018 publicly available data. We currently evaluate new opportunities and continuously do this for emissions reductions to ensure that Cabot is among the most efficient and lowest emitting domestic producers. We also believe our elimination of flaring in the Marcellus, which began in 2014, and our strong performance in water management, including recycled 100% of our water recovered in our Marcellus drilling, completion and production operations, which began in 2011 will continue to make us financially and environmentally superior as pressures for lower carbon and water conserving economies – economic intensify. Hope you will each take a good look at our SASB report, we're extremely proud of how we measure up against peers and the desires of the investment community on all the metrics included in our report. In summary, Cabot's track record of disciplined capital allocation focused on generating improving corporate returns and increasing return of capital to shareholders, which is underpinned by strong free cash flow generation and an ironclad balance sheet, as well as our continued focus on corporate responsibility and demonstrate our history of safe, responsible operations that support the goal of reducing total greenhouse house emissions does position us favorably, not only today, but for decades to come as it is our belief that natural gas will continue to play a significant role in the domestic energy supply going forward. And with that, Kate, I will begin to answer any questions.
Dan Dinges: Yeah. Thanks, Leo. And yeah, I'll turn this to Jeff in a second here, but we have seen the shoulder months, September and October being difficult. Typically difficult at that time of year, but the storage levels exasperated that perception for a while. But we did see on week-over-week injections in a comparative sense, be less than – certainly less than last year, and majority of them less than the five-year average. And I think that is moving into now – to your point about convergence, I think that's moving into now the market converging rapidly, as we've seen towards the latter part of October, an increase in the physical space. I'll let Jeff make a comment also.
Dan Dinges: I'll also add that, where the prices are right now and you look at the – just the fundamentals that are out in front of us, that you do have an undersupplied market going into this winter with an undersupplied market. If you do have a colder winter than expected, it's going to certainly move the price up. But I think also equally as important, if you have a normal winter or even a warmer winter with the undersupplied market, I do think there is a higher floor that's been placed under the market-based on these fundamentals. And particularly where we have seen a very strong rebound in the LNG going from back in, what, March, April, 3 B's, a day export to recently 9 and pushing 10 Bcf day export in LNG in the last couple of days.
Dan Dinges: Well, as I mentioned, our first commitment is to our stated dividend, we also are going to take care of our $188 million maturity, that's important. You look at our history. And in the last five years, we have returned a significant level of capital to our shareholders over $1 billion. We've had a five times. We have increased our dividend, and we have also brought back in about 14% of our outstanding shares by repurchases. But to prioritization, as I mentioned, dividend, maturities, but it has been our of intent to deliver a minimum of 50% of our free cash flow back to shareholders. We'll continue to do that. We referenced earlier, a special dividend consideration, variable dividend proposition that some have outlined and made it a little bit more formulaic. We have not gotten to that stage yet. But if you look at our history as an example of our – what this management group considers and the Board, we have given back a lot of our free cash flow over and above the 50%.
Dan Dinges: It's a good question and we referenced in my comments that we're not going to grow for the sake of growth. And that there is a point that capital efficiency would make sense to allocate. But really, the way we see the market right now, Charles, and even at a slightly higher price point than where it is right now, we think that the capital program that we've laid out in the range of $530 million to $540 million is the appropriate program, we think, a maintenance program is appropriate at this stage. You have to look at right now the early winter season, you have to look at there is still a couple of hundred Bcf over comparison between this year's storage levels and the five-year average and last year's storage levels. We are moving into an undersupplied market. We have uncertainty with winter out in front of us. So, I think that from our perspective and looking at what's prudent for the health of Cabot and this industry that we are better served to stick with a maintenance capital program, and that's what we're going to do.
Dan Dinges: Yes. We had -- those wells we referenced are wells drilled off three different pads and distinctly different areas of the field and obviously, with an average of greater than 2.7, there's variability between the wells. And what we're seeing in my comments I made. And what we're trying to do with our capital allocation right now with complete of the zone, we have a thick per cell barrier between the upper and the lower. We gather data on any effects of offset wells that we've drilled and each of these wells were drilled near previous drilled and producing lower Marcellus wells, again, clear evidence of the distinct nature of the Upper Marcellus. But we are learning from our frac recipes and the landing position that we have been looking at in various different sections and a tweak frac recipe on various different landing sections to determine, do we see differences in the results. So it's an early game, and we're just gathering data like every operator has done when they go into a new shale play. The Upper is a new shale play with the 60 or so wells that we've drilled in it. We're learning continuously as we go. We're not carrying the -- we learned from our lower Marcellus and what we do there. But we also know the Upper is a distinctive reservoir to the Lower. So we're going to be well educated as we roll into our full development at the end of this decade will be well educated and ready to roll forward with greater than 2,000 foot laterals and an enhanced return profile for our Upper Marcellus wells.
Dan Dinges: Yes. Higher than where it is. We have – you look at the backwardation and reference to 2022. It is -- has increased. Jeff referenced, I think, $275 million plus or minus is where 2022 is right now. The current strip is north of $3 for '21. We are going to be able to generate with the market what we see today in front of us. We've layered in some good floors to protect a very good program for 2021. That's going to deliver significant free cash flow greater than we've seen this year. Full coverage, we feel on our dividend and debt maturities and also incremental free cash flow above that. We think we're going to be able to see that. We're looking, again, with anticipation on the winter and what it does to the markets. We have for example, gas available for the non-New York market up there in New York. That non-New York market up there last year, as a reminder, averaged about as a $1.70 premium market to NYMEX in the first quarter of '19 that also just as a footnote on what that does to an annualized differential out there and certainly, compresses the differential that we see in the in-basin area. So to answer you specifically, I'm just going to focus on and my preference is to focus on right now, what I think is better for Cabot Oil and Gas is better to focus on our commitment to a maintenance capital program at this time. We think that is important for the industry, and we think that our commitment and conviction to that at this position in time is proven position to take.
Dan Dinges: Well, I really look at the -- start with the macro environment, Brian. The macro environment has been oversupplied. And that oversupply has made it extremely difficult and challenging for our industry. You can look at the balance sheets across the space, both natural gas and oil producers' balance sheets has a level of stress that is going to be sticky. And when you look at the ability to delever in a market that is such a challenged and maybe oversupplied market in light of this pandemic, it is not in our best interest from a capital management standpoint to stress the -- our balance sheet and we think at this period of time, with the prices we see out there, that if we are going to see higher pricing, a return of that capital to our shareholders in the form of the dividend, in the form of special or variable dividend also, again, taking care of our $188 million debt maturity, is the most prudent use of capital. If there is a disconnect in valuation, to your point and part of your question, if there is a disconnect in valuation about what we think is a value of Cabot stock. It is not as high priority as a dividend to us, but we have bought back shares in the past, and that's certainly not off the table in the future.
Dan Dinges: Yeah. To comment on that is risky. And I can say this that we have just ongoing discussions on the litigation. And we felt like that there is progress being made.
Dan Dinges: Yeah. And you are breaking up a little bit, David, but I think it indicated that at a $240, $250 million realized, how do we reflect and beyond 2022? How do we reflect on growth versus maintenance. Don't take my statements today, as we are going to maintain in a maintenance program forever. We understand the value of growth. We understand what growth can do for us. And at the right opportunity. And when we see the right macro outlay out in front of us. And if we can feel confident about the macro environment, that growth can be and will be in our future. But right now, today, we are laser-focused on the maintenance program, but I would be surprised if in the future, as the macro market continues to improve that we don't consider growth.
Dan Dinges: Yes. We have a very low capital intensity program. We only had and had two rigs, three rigs running for 2020. We've had two frac crews, now one frac crew, working up there. And to measure the cadence and be able to time it just exactly right, is difficult because we don't have many pad sites. And if you look at our gathering system, even though we have a great header system and we have flexibility within the gathering system. We do manage when and the timing we bring on the gas through the field in order to have the most efficiency of newly produced gas having the maximum positive effect without increasing any area of our header system pressures to where it might reduce older wells that are on the system. So it's a lot of moving parts we do take that in consideration what you're asking about, David. We do take that in consideration. And we have also brought wells on at a lower cadence and in anticipation of a better price point looking ahead, if that opportunity is available to us. And we'll continue to do that in the future.
Dan Dinges: We're always interested in a value proposition. The idea of free cash and one of the luxuries that Cabot does have, is we generate free cash. We have extremely strong balance sheet. And we feel good about our organic operation being able to generate free cash. The value proposition of buying assets on a PDP basis, which, I think any asset today, if it moves, it's probably going to be on a PDP basis. If it fits in our wheelhouse, we'd consider it. But there’s -- and I'll add that every deal that we're aware of anywhere out there, Cabot's internal team does a high level scrub on it. And we do also an internal evaluation on, can we have incremental accretive value-added to Cabot shareholders on every deal out there. Every single deal that we know about out there, David, we do that. So to your point, would we do it on basin asset? Sure. We look at it, because we do that as part of our DNA.
Dan Dinges: Yes. Kashy, I appreciate the question, and I'll make a color statement, then pass it to Jeff. But the Leidy South is the near-term project. There's other projects on the book that Jeff can cover. But in addition, we also have a business development group that is in search of in-basin demand projects that would require incremental infrastructure, but it would not be in the form of the long haul pipes. Those conversations have been had in the past. Certainly, the pandemic has slowed down some conversations and getting together. Just by the sheer nature of what's going on in a lot of places. But it is our expectation that we will see in Northeast PA incremental in-basin demand projects that would create demand off of our tailgate of our gathering system. Similar to -- though we don't -- I’m not including another power plant in the -- in my expectation. But we have the Lackawanna and Moxie power plants that are classic examples of in-basin demand projects that don't require long-haul pipe. I'll let Jeff talk about some of the ideas in the future.
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Kate, and I appreciate everybody's good questions and attention to Cabot business. 2020, as we mentioned, was an extremely difficult year on a commodity price point. I think we illustrated that even in this lowest price point in 25 years that we can still deliver free cash flow and maintain a great balance sheet and our operation. This is -- it's been a while since we've been able to look ahead and anticipate as optimistically as we are, the forward strip. I think the street also is looking at it optimistically with the number of questions that we received today on growth. But we feel great about the position. We feel like the challenge of the commodity is going to have maybe going forward, a different floor underneath it. I think, which will also reinforce Cabot's ability in a cyclical market to be able to still deliver what we've been able to deliver for the last five years. And that's free cash flow, strong balance sheet and return of capital to our shareholders. So with that, I, again, appreciate it. Look forward to our year-end 2020 call in February, and stay safe through this difficult time. Thank you very much.
Jeff Hutton: Yes, sir. Good morning. Dan hit the nail on the head with storage number primarily in the East. The East typically builds up, of course, their storage levels. But this year, they were build quite early. And so, with some really mild shoulder months, we did see our basis differentials widen out a bit in contrast to what NYMEX has done. And I think when you look at NYMEX and what's driving it, you see an exit rate on U.S. dry gas production close to 5 Bcf a day less than the previous year. Obviously, that's helping NYMEX. You also see the capital discipline in the marketplace today, particularly among the gas guys. That helps NYMEX, of course. So we're encouraged in a normal winter, and we're prepared for that to – for these basis differentials to return to somewhat more normal level.
Jeff Hutton: Well, again, I think we're early into the winter weather season, and it's encouraging. We had snow today in Boston. That's always a good thing in October. But it's going to be somewhat of a weather play. We've worked really hard to insulate ourselves from just being a weather play. We've got a lot of physical fixed-price contracts in place with high floors. We have, as Dan mentioned, started our hedging program. But NYMEX is a result of demand decline and demand is a function of weather in a lot of cases. But we've – again, we're prepared for that. And I think the increase in NYMEX over the last five months and including a big increase in 2020 too over the last five months is a real encouraging factor.
Jeff Hutton: Good morning. Yeah, Leidy South is a reinforce project. Not only for Cabot for others in the basin. And essentially, in the Northeast area of the country, this is greater than 0.5 Bcf a day, it's $580,000 a day of new takeaway, super majority of that gas will be existing gas. It's coming off the Leidy system and maybe a little bit off of Tennessee, for example. So for Cabot's position, $250,000 a day down to the Mid-Atlantic marketplace is – will improve price realizations. There's no doubt about that. We're also in a unique position that the Atlantic Coast pipeline was canceled. We felt like there was a little bit of gas supply from that project that was going to compete with us. And since that's no longer there that's another good indicator for capital realizations. Overall, though, I think the basis differentials in Northeast Pennsylvania for all the pipes will improve significantly, just like the start-up of Atlantic Sunrise project. So we're encouraged that there is, in fact, a good possibility that there will be some early service available to the shippers on that project. We're hopeful that, that could be as early as this winter. More to come on that, but it's definitely an improvement to get another major takeaway project in place.
Jeff Hutton: Yes, Kashy, just to pick up on your specifics about the entire Appalachian, Marcellus basin in terms of takeaway and the basin demand. Northeast PA, as Dan alluded to, is a focal point for us on in-basin. We've actually taken advantage of this COVID situation and surprisingly been able to participate and muster up with a lot of trade associations. We've been doing a lot of webcast with manufacturers associations and industrial groups that are been very beneficial, and that was kind of a nuance in this day and age for us. We are participating in a lot of site selections and site selections including everything from power, water, rail, highway, workforce, permitting, tax, et cetera. So not only are we hard and fast in that area, but other producers throughout the Marcellus. So it's hard to judge what a growth rate could be in entire Marcellus when you have in-basin demand projects throughout West Virginia, PA and Southwest PA, Ohio. And just, for example, West Virginia is getting a couple of gas-fired power plants next year that are replacing coal. So it's growth all over on the in-basin side, throughout the Marcellus. In terms of pipeline, if you look at Leidy -- excuse me, Leidy South, Mountain Valley, we get 2 Bcf per day there. We are firmly where the PennEast is going to be built. Their phase one in Pennsylvania will be -- should receive FERC certificates any day now. If it gets here, quickly, we'll see it in service late next year, if it's delayed another couple of months. That will add to the construction time there. So PennEast is important. One other connecting device was recently approved for construction. Adelphia, that's been in the news. So we have a new delivery point, not only to the proposed PennEast delivery points on Columbia and Texas Eastern. Philadelphia will serve new markets in the Philadelphia area. So I'm a firm believer, there's going to be a number of niche projects going forward to meet the needs of the producer community throughout the Marcellus. And so, I hesitate to confirm or deny of a particular growth rate for all the Marcellus, but there's a lot of stuff going on, in this instance, it's actually pretty exciting.
