Tom Jorden: Thank you, Dan, and welcome to all of you who are joining us on the call. Coterra had an excellent fourth quarter, as shown by the results that we released last night. Shane will walk you through the specifics here, which include coming in above the high end of our guidance on oil, natural gas and Boe or barrels of oil equivalent, and below our capital guide. For full year 2023, we finished the year with 5% year-over-year growth in Boe and 10% year-over-year growth in oil volumes, while hitting the midpoint of our capital guide. More importantly, we generated excellent returns. We also made great progress on emissions reduction and continue to push the envelope on our environmental initiatives. As we look ahead to 2024, total capital is projected to be between $1.75 billion and $1.95 billion. Given the outlook for commodity prices and commensurate revenue, we think that this is a prudent level of investment, as it invests approximately 60% of our projected cash flow. We will grow our investments in the Permian and the Anadarko Basins and retrench in the Marcellus. We are reducing our Marcellus investments by over $400 million in 2024 compared to 2023. Mark Twain said that, a man learns something by carrying a cat by the tail that he can learn in no other way. Through the commodity cycles, we have learned that although downswings typically do not last long, they also do not come pre-labeled with how long they will last. We have learned to be disciplined and patient. Experience tells us that our focus should always be on returns and never on production or activity. In this case, that means throttling back on our Marcellus program. We remain highly optimistic on the 12-month to 18-month outlook for the gas macro. The impact of new LNG export capacity coming online at the end of 2024 and early 2025 coupled with the possibility of cold weather provides reasonable hope for significant price recovery in natural gas. However, experience tells us that although we will underwrite our hopes with the future strip price, we should never underwrite our capital program with it. We will be patient and watch for recovery in the gas macro. Missing a few months of the recovery is much better than fully participating in the downside. We project that this slowdown in the Marcellus will result in our natural gas volume shrinking 6% in the Marcellus in 2024. If we see signs of recovery in natural gas, our 2024 capital range includes a contingency plan to accelerate our Marcellus program in the latter half of the year, which would reposition us for significant growth in our gas volumes in 2025 and 2026. We will watch and be ready to act. In the meantime, we will pivot to our deep inventory in the Anadarko and Permian where our returns are excellent. We have a tremendous program ahead of us in 2024 and we are excited to be increasing activity in both the Permian and Anadarko. All three business units, however, are poised and ready for out-year acceleration should conditions warrant. This ability to redirect and reposition activity around premier assets is one of the differentiating strengths of Coterra. We also provided an update on our three-year outlook. Our new 2024 to 2026 outlook has Coterra with an average annual CapEx of $1.75 billion to $1.95 billion, which is expected to generate annual growth in the low-single digits for Boe and 5% plus for oil growth. This plan leverages our deep, high-quality inventory, demonstrates improving capital efficiency and clearly displays the confidence we have in our ability to continue a cadence of operational excellence. This is an achievable outlook under current conditions. As always, we continuously adjust our plans with changing conditions. As we have previously said, planning at Coterra is a guided missile, not a rocket. In closing, I want to acknowledge our remarkable field organization. They set the pace for operational excellence. They work in hostile environments with dedication, perseverance and an unwavering commitment to safety. They serve as an example to all of us. The Coterra brand stands for operational excellence, leading-edge technology and innovation, best-in-class development of outstanding assets, and the ability to adapt nimbly to changing market conditions. We want to be known for a pristine balance sheet, investment discipline and rigorous economic decision analysis. We are not perfect. However, having a great organization, great assets and a great balance sheet allows us to learn from our mistakes, make continuous progress and always push ourselves farther and harder. With that, I will turn the call over to Shane.
Tom Jorden: Thank you, Shane and Blake. We are pleased with our continued execution in 2023 and expect to deliver on our goals outlined in our 2024 plans. We appreciate your interest in Coterra and look forward to discussing our results and outlook. We’ll now be open for questions.
Tom Jorden: Thanks, Nitin. I’ll probably disappoint with my answer because it’s pretty simple. I’ll say up front, I know a lot of people think of the Anadarko in a lot of ways and I’d like them to keep thinking that way, because we think the Anadarko is a tremendous basin with great opportunity. One of the things that was a challenge for Anadarko team was just showing repeatability. I’ve talked at length about capital allocation being a function of return on capital and repeatability in addition to how much windage do you have in the price file and our team showed great repeatability on some outstanding projects in 2023. And so the increased allocation is really a function of letting them just continue their activity level. Had we done anything other than that, we would have throttled back or pulled the plug on their continuing activity. The returns are outstanding. I’ll just say that. And so, we’re reallocating a little under $300 million between the Permian and Anadarko, and that’s just it was challenging because we have great returns everywhere. I’ll also say that one of the things that we see in the Anadarko coming forward is we have some peers that are also moving forward with increased activity and so we expect a larger outside operated call on our capital in the Anadarko. And some of that is embedded in that allocation. So really, it’s a problem that we’d love to have and we’re very pleased with our allocation decision.
Tom Jorden: Hey, Nitin. Thank you for that. Our criteria is very simple. When we look at potential combinations, we ask ourselves, would we rather own a share of Coterra or a share of the combined reformulated company? And there are, of course, a lot of elements to that. But first and foremost, it must create value for our owners. And look, I think, The Wall Street Journal should have a weekend breaking story that says, Flash, everybody looking at everybody else in the M&P space, because that’s what we have. So there haven’t been any opportunities that we really have browbeat ourselves on that have come and gone. We remain deeply curious about what consolidation could offer for Coterra owners. But the bar is very, very high. I’ll just leave it at that.
Tom Jorden: Kali, this is Tom. We’ve been debating that internally. I can’t give you a firm number, but I will say that, we look really carefully at receive price and I know we talk about weighted average sales price, but we really look at the price received by the next molecule, which is really a function of what would be a basis price, less are fixed costs. I would say we would really like to see a price close to or above $3, I think, before it would really meet a criteria that shifts a lot of capital. But it’s also a function of the oil-to-gas ratio. And we’d really like to see a sustained ratio that’s somewhere in the neighborhood of 20 to 1 oil-to-gas and we’re really optimistic we’re going to see that when the market recessed with LNG exports. But that’s kind of what we’re looking for.
Tom Jorden: Well, geology is complex across our portfolio, and if you don’t have to catch myself or I’ll spend the rest of the call talking about geology. But what’s most important is that, we’ve tested this section, we’ve got a lot of calibration and we understand the stratigraphic variation, we understand the oil gas complex ratio variation, we understand the pressure and drilling challenges. So I think we’re highly calibrated. So, look, complex geology is a bigger issue at the early phases of development than when you’ve got that calibration and we feel really confident that we understand the geological overprint.
Tom Jorden: Our thoughts really haven’t changed. As we were -- I would just repeat what we’ve said in the past. We’ve talked about a reduced inventory in the lower Marcellus. I think, if we were heavy on the lower Marcellus, we’d probably be talking about a three-year to five-year inventory at this point, three-year to six-year maybe, depending on our level of activity. Our inventory is longer than that now as we’ve lowered our investment. But it’s really a function of what’s available to us and that’s the function of our gathering system where we think we have additional capacity. But there’s also an area of this field that’s opened up to us that we’re out exploiting and we’re really glad to be there and getting after some of the really, really productive rock. So, we’ll be drilling in the lower Marcellus for a long, long time. So when we quote inventory numbers, it’s really strongly overprint by which formation we’re drilling in. But the lower is going to be a significant part of our program for a number of years.
Tom Jorden: We don’t project future advancements in advance of having achieved them. I think we will achieve them, but we don’t -- we like to calibrate results. I mean, hopefully that’s not a surprise to anybody on this call. We’d much rather talk about results than promises. And I just want to say one more time, we don’t manage our multiyear outlook by that production number. We look at projections of what we think is our assumed cash flow. We say how much of that cash flow do we want to invest and that’s typically in a fair way. I’m going to give a wide one of 40% to 70%, and that allows us to achieve our shareholder returns that we’ve promised. And then with that, we say, okay, here’s the capital, where’s the best place to put it and the very last part of that process is what production does it generate. We don’t get over our skis on that. We try to push our teams to model the most recent operational efficiencies and then we drive them crazy trying to get better. But production is not the input, it’s the output of good, solid capital allocation.
Tom Jorden: Yeah. It would not be fair to assume anything from our projection other than it’s our current look at an uncertain future. We say that we have contingency plans. If gas prices really recover, as we hope they will, within our capital guide, we have plans to get back to work this year and set ourselves up for nice growth over the next two years. That’s not a plan, but it’s on the shelf ready to go.
Tom Jorden: But I don’t want that point to be lost. One of the reasons we have such flexibility in our capital allocation is because we’ve worked really hard over the last couple of years to have a great set of vendor partners and a very light amount of long-term commitments. So we really do have a lot of flexibility in both our drilling and completion services to pivot from one basin to another.
Tom Jorden: Yeah. The answer, Kevin, is no, we’re not assuming a similar level of allocation. That said, it’s a fluid, but the model that underpins that is a reallocated number.
Tom Jorden: Well, you’ve left a very nice wide opening for me with that question, because I say, it’s always our best look at current conditions. So if we had significant recovery in the gas macro, which we hope and expect, our cash flow goes way up, and within that investment fairway of, I said, 40% to 70%, we probably would have the flexibility to look at increasing our capital. But none of that is enshrined in our current outlook, because we don’t, I’d say, there is not -- there’s no hope in any of the outlooks around here, but we’ll react when conditions change.
Tom Jorden: We don’t bake in any incremental efficiency gains. So we take all our most recent gains in our program. We kind of stress test those by going through them extensively to make sure they’re real and part of our program and then we build them into our forecasting. And so while our expectation is our teams will continue to drive efficiencies, none of that’s built into these projections.
Tom Jorden: Well, one of the things that we see is we will finish the year with four pads waiting to be completed. So, a lot of what we’re doing in 2024 is setting up 2025. So, it’s not always showing up in the first year CapEx. With projects that have cycle times like ours and like everybody else’s, you really have to have a multiyear outlook on any plan. So a lot of that is a benefit of what we did last year that’s currently being completed and what happens next year is a function of what we do this year. So the annual snapshot on capital versus production is interesting, but fairly incomplete.
Tom Jorden: Well, we have lots of price assumptions. I would say we have strip. We run a 55-275. We run a 75-250. I mean, we have -- we run 75-375 [ph]. I’m looking at our models now. I mean, we have a smorgasbord of price files that really set our kind of define the fairway of our economic analysis. But I would say this is probably based on the strip as a foundational forecast and then we run permutations from there.
Tom Jorden: Well, thank you very much for joining us. We look forward to continuing to deliver. As I hope you’ve learned from Coterra, we really appreciate your interest and love talking about results and intend to deliver them. So thank you so much.
Blake Sirgo: Thanks, Shane. This morning, I will discuss our capital expenditures and provide an operational update. Fourth quarter accrued capital expenditures totaled $457 million, coming in just below the low end of our guidance. The lower CapEx was driven by efficiency and cost gains, reduced infrastructure spend, lower-than-expected non-operated capital and shuffling of the timing on a few projects. As noted, strong execution in the field pulled a few Q1 tills into Q4, which contributed to the Q4 2023 production beat. Coterra finished the year at $2.104 billion of total CapEx, at our midpoint of our annual guide. This quarter marks the 10th quarter in Coterra’s existence and 10 straight quarters of delivering on our oil guidance. This was accomplished thanks to our operations teams across our businesses, who strive for operational excellence. At Coterra, operational excellence means operating safely and with integrity, while always looking for ways to accomplish more or less. We do not tolerate sacred cows and we are always on the hunt for new ideas, even if they are not our own. As we enter 2024, we are delivering a plan that continues to do more for less. In the Permian, we are planning to turn in line 75 to 90 wells in 2024, which is down 13% over 2023. These wells will have a $1 per foot of $1,075, down approximately 10% year-over-year. In the Permian, we are currently running two frac crews and eight drilling rigs, which are performing at or near all-time efficiency records. Our frac efficiencies are coupled with new contracts that offer increased cost savings to Coterra as we gain in efficiency. Across our Permian footprint, we are taking advantage of our large, continuous assets to bring economies of scale to bear. This is highlighted by our Windham Row project in Culberson County, where we are prosecuting a 51-well row development across six drill spacing unit, with each well targeting the Upper Wolfcamp. By concentrating activity at this scale, we are able to minimize rig and frac modes, co-mingle facilities and maximize simul. Combine this with our first grid-powered electric simul-frac, we expect to deliver these wells at 5% to 15% lower cost than our historical program. Our Permian asset is an engine of capital efficiency and that engine continues to find a new gear. In the Marcellus, we are currently running two rigs and one frac crew, with plans to go to one rig and lower our frac activities. Our Marcellus ops teams worked diligently in 2023 to lower our cost structure through increased frac efficiencies, improved water handling and lower facility costs. We are also pushing new limits on lateral linkage, with 3-mile and 4-mile laterals now part of our program. These cost gains help us to minimize our D&C spend as we go into 2024 and throttle down our activities. Our 2024 Marcellus program remains flexible and includes multiple on-ramps and off-ramps, which will allow us to adjust to changing macro conditions if warranted. In the Anadarko, we are currently running two rigs and one frac crew. Our Anadarko team had a great year executing with improved drilling times and frac efficiency. Our 2024 program includes 20 to 25 turn-in lines across five projects focused on our liquids-rich assets, which we expect will continue to yield strong returns. Consistency of execution paired with strong well results have made our Anadarko assets a stout competitor for capital allocation at Coterra. Our unrelenting focus on operational excellence continued to bear fruit in 2023 and we expect the team to seek out and execute incremental efficiencies in 2024. And with that, I’ll turn it back to Tom.
Blake Sirgo: Yeah. Arun, this is Blake. I’ll take that. That’s really why we kind of give that range on that slide. As we’ve talked about in the past, our Permian program is really a rotation throughout our assets and that’s driven by a lot of different things. The mix can vary somewhat year-to-year, but over a multiyear timeframe, it’s pretty consistent. And so I just say we expect 2024 to fall well within that band to deliver another good year on productivity.
Blake Sirgo: I would say very similar. There’s definitely some room for upside there with some of the allocations, but I’d expect another strong year.
Blake Sirgo: Yeah, David. This is Blake. I’ll take that one. Right now we really expect to do a row project almost every single year. And I know that it’s kind of scary to talk about a 51-well development, but I think it’s important to remember these are six distinct drill spacing units that we have chosen to develop in a row to maximize efficiency. These units are our standard Culberson 2-mile Upper Wolfcamp units with designs from seven to 10 wells per section. This is just really our bread and butter. I mean, we’ve developed many of these over the years. We’re just stringing them together. Our ops teams work really hard to kind of war game these projects and these rows to think of all the execution risks that could go on. That’s why we picked up our eighth rig sooner, to get a good duct build in front of the frac crew. These projects have large multi-well pads. That means if we have any well trouble, our frac crew can pivot while we deal with the well trouble. Our simul-frac part of this project, we’ve modeled really conservative completion timing and that’s because, it’s our first application of this in Culberson, but we don’t really expect our electric crew to operate any less efficient than it has in the past. We worked through a lot of sand and water logistics to make sure everything has abundant sourcing. We own and operate our SWD system out there. That means we have plenty of water on demand at all times. It allows us to keep it in the pipe, so we’re not building any produced water pits with this project. This is just part of our operation now and I’d expect many more row developments for years to come.
Blake Sirgo: Yeah. This is Blake. I’m happy to take that one. Yeah. We think there’s always room to push our efficiencies further and we do share a lot of our learnings across basins. But at the same time, the Anadarko is a different basin than the Permian. So it’s deeper, it’s higher pressure, the drilling can be more difficult. And really what we’ve seen from our Anadarko team is we ran a real consistent program in 2023, so consistent drilling activity and our crews did what they always do, they got better at it, and we saw our costs come down and get more in line. They’re already taking advantage a lot of the same pad efficiencies we see in the Permian. But if we saw opportunities to enlarge projects and get more economies of scale, we’ll absolutely take advantage of those.
Blake Sirgo: I mean, I sure hope so. The -- we’ll see how the market plays out. They’re typically when more services become available, it does drive pricing down. We’ve been very strategic how we’ve gone into 2024 with our contracts. We’re very, very lightly contracted and that’s by design, so we can take advantage of any downswings. But at the same time, you know, who we work with and making sure we have premium service providers that share our safety culture and our drive for excellence is really important to us. And our service providers need to make a return also. So we’ll be working with them closely, and if there’s continued movement in the market, we’ll be there to take advantage of it.
