John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah Drew, this is John Lambuth. I'm not aware of any infrastructure issue whether on drilling Meramec or Cana. They have fairly similar production flow stream. So, that's not a hindrance to us in terms of our decisions there. It really comes down to in the case of Cana or the Woodford shale, there we're pretty much in development mode. And so, there it's kind of that dance we do with our partner Devon and ensuring that we're working together and we've already laid out a plan in terms of what will be developing this year and that's the amount of capital we talked about. As far as Meramec, really it's still all about delineation for us, further expanding the opportunity set here as far as what acreage is perspective. And then as I stated, there's also the need to get after and get a few 10,000 foot laterals under our belt, get some production history under those to get more confident as to what kind of returns those will generate. So that's kind of the balance we're striking right now for this year as we go forward.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Well, this is John Lambuth again. I mean so far we're very pleased with what we're seeing with those upside fracs, and what we're seeing at the production of those wells. We're not falling off, let's say faster than what the – say the old style frac was doing. And I guess I'll reference you to slide 21 which actually shows some relative data as far as flow back time to both the Golden and the Hartz wells. Let me also say that we are still not fully optimized within the Woodford when it comes to our frac design, we are currently fracking wells right now where we're testing even more stages and more sand, I will tell you that embedded within that Hartz section which what we're showing you there is an average result of Hartz, we have a number of wells, two of them in particular where we did go to even more stages and those wells definitely exhibited better production rates. So we're pretty confident that we're actually going to be able to get even more out of this rock based on those results, and again we have some wells right now we're fracking, that we think will lead us to the ultimate design that we'll use as we go forward on well four and its development.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: This is John. We have plenty of locations in the building to bring rigs back into Culberson, with Chevron. We're in constant communication with them, and they see as we see some of the great way to returns we see there. So, we are tied up to do just that indeed, that's one area as we talked about where we see very good returns. But likewise, just north of there in the White City, our Bone Spring wells are generating some outstanding returns as well. And we have a very nice inventory wells permitted, ready to go there as well. And then as someone else mentioned, we have lots of Meramec locations that we can nearly get after as well. So, this is not a question of the opportunity set, we are ready to go, we're just waiting for the right conditions to tell us it is time to go.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah. This is John. I think in particular, you're making reference to our Culberson long laterals entity (34:47). And you hit it right on the head, one of the biggest factors there is geography. We're obviously delineating more and more of our acreage with those wells. And in some areas, it's very good, in some areas, it's not. And so that's one driver to that. And then the other is, we always are tinkering with our frac design. And some of the newer wells, we've been really pumping a lot of fluid. And quite frankly, and flowing back those wells that will in some ways have an impact on the overall IP 30 rate. We don't think it's really material to the EUR of the well, but it does have some potential impact on the flow back on that well. But mostly, it's geographic diversity as we continue to explore across our large acreage position there.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: This is John. We definitely are drilling in 2015. In fact, we have one come up here real soon on the schedule. We right now have three scheduled and really in drilling those, we're trying to place them close to – we have an established 5,000 foot lateral that way we can measure the uplift and get a good sense of is that a good investment decision for us. So, we have quite a few planned for 2015 and as we get that data and get the production data in hand we'll give you an update on it.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: This is John. I think we are gaining confidence with every months of more production day that we have from those wells yes, so they clearly are getting – they're giving book at a higher EUR. And so now, we don't think this is in anyway just acceleration. I would also point out though that, we are really-really focused way to return. And so way to return in some ways is really driven by those first three months of production and clearly these wells are generating much higher production rates than what the over spot fracs were doing.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah. This is John Lambuth. Essentially, by the time we hit June – May, June, we will be at the six rigs. Three of them will be operating in Mid-Continent and three of them will be in the Permian region.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah, this is John again. Well, clearly right now, both the D bench and the area are generating the best returns for us in that particular acreage block in Culberson. Our C results are not as strong, as they are in the D and the A. We still need to do some work on the C to try to get it to a level that it would justify further expenditure for us. Now, again, you made a good point there. By drilling our D wells, we don't sacrifice those opportunities in the future. And indeed as we keep working at it, we see may at some point raise its level from a rate of return standpoint that we'll want to go and capture it. But right now, today, based on our results, it's the D and the A that clearly shine best in that region.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah, this is John. Let me first say on the acreage side of things. Of our upside acreage, almost 85% of it is already HBP. And so we really don't have much of the lease exploration issue at all for the Meramec for us, and what little we have will be easily satisfied with the wells we have planned both this year and the coming years. So that's not of a concern to us. In times, what are we targeting? We are still trying to fill our way across this fast position as to where are the best returns. Clearly, some of those up dip wells are outstanding wells. But I will also tell you some of the down dip wells have some phenomenal gas rates associated with them, and still generate very nice returns even for 5,000 foot lateral. So right now as far as 2015 goes, we are not going one area using other we are again trying to expand the opportunity set with our delineation wells. And then we'll see as we go further long. But again, right now, the returns look good whether on one side of that mine or the other right now.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: This is John, with our rigs moving from the Permian and to the Mid-Continent, we're obviously going to finish up all the completions that we have in the Permian. So as far as future wells are concerned, we've got a number of them permitted and queued up and ready to go. So it's just a matter of drilling on them and then getting them fracked and back on the frac schedule. If I understood your question...
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: So certainly, by the way, we're looking at it from a capital expenditure standpoint. We don't say drilling or completing, we just say dollar spent. And that carryover evolves from 2014 and 2015 as capital associated with them, that we incorporated and we're fine and that's completion capital.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Well, this is John and you're absolutely correct. Again that as we're planning for this well development, given our commodity prices, we have fully expected to do 10 sections led to development. Commodity prices have changed. And so right now, a number of the sections we find right now not to be of a sufficient return that we want to make the investment today. Those sections don't go away, they're always BT (53:19). So, we have made the election to only develop seven of those for now and just essentially save the other three for another day when commodity prices justify making an investment then.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: And I'll call off with that. Tom's absolutely right and that couple of those sections are queued up permitted ready to go and we have that optionality. And so, don't be surprised if indeed we add on from seven. We will – Mark, obviously make that decision as we monitor the commodity prices, as well as our capital and what we want to do.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah. That's just not taking a generic type curve for both ways. And giving you an idea of what those returns are like. But clearly, depending upon where you are those numbers can swing quite a bit one way or the other but that's just the generic type curve the book plays (57:01).
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Well, I'll try to answer that first. This is John. We did talk about on an acreage position that we consider to be delineated, meaning that from those wells, we feel very good about going forward from an investment decision. I will tell you and again, Tom mentioned this, we've been very pleased that along those wells that formed that average – as Tom said, there's not a dog among them. And so, that does, in some way, speak to the lateral consistency of results that we're getting across that position. And then, so that's encouraging, very encouraging to us. But we're only technically seven wells into it. So hang on, let us get more wells drilled. But so far, I would say, we're very encouraged again for that immediate variable, we drilled our wells to the consistency we've seen from the production of those wells.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: This is John. It is clear to us that Ward County currently based on our drilling results doesn't compete versus Reeves or Culberson and that was even true at a much higher oil environment and there are challenges in Ward County that we've yet really been able to overcome with our drilling program. That said, we don't have a lot of exposure this year. I think at last we're looking at about 3,000 acres of explorations in 2015. And so and as much as we're not going to be actively drilling there. We will certainly be monitoring other companies who have assets around us who will be drilling, and pay careful attention on what they do. But I'll just say as of right now, we have no plans to do any drilling this year for Ward County.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Cameron, (63:44), once the Culberson County is going to work and now it's out there in our portfolio.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yeah. Jerry, this is Tom. I would add to that. A lot of that's baked in. We started this development project in the Woodford last fall. We're pleased to have and the returns are excellent. To the extent that we have additional capital, and it's competing, Meramec is going to be top tier and probably we'll be getting additional capital if indeed we accelerate.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yeah, this is Tom. I'll – I'm going to take that in the back going forward. Yeah, we have modeled that. I just want to remind our listeners that it's only been within the last 10 days or 2 weeks that we've seen oil prices inch up slightly and we were in an environment where prices were self-falling so fast and it was very difficult to have any capital model that allows you to make intelligence statements about what your balance sheet would be at the end of the year. So we made a decision to go to six rigs and we stand behind that decision, even in today's environment we think what is that exactly, where we are to be. So we modeled our production at that low end of our capital. But as I said in my opening remarks, we don't think about this as an annual plan. It is a snapshot in time that's appropriate for today and in fact, we may make a decision to accelerate a rig or two here next week, if we really are confident that the situation is stabilized. Our capital model for 2015 as we'd currently plan under current conditions, involves us having cash on our balance sheet at the end of the year, and we don't see the need to have cash on our balance sheet. So we do have the wherewithal to increased activity. Now, guilty as charged that we have not come out with a production model that captures any increased activity. Our production model we released this morning is at that lower level of activity, where I want to just ask for your indulgence in reminding you that was made in a following commodity price environment. So, we'll see as we go, we're poised to accelerate.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yes. This is Tom. It's a lot easier to start than stop. The decision to lay down rigs can take 60 days to 90 days depending on the rig and what project it's on. Decision to add a rig can be executed in the matter of couple of weeks. So, we're poised and ready.
Thomas E. Jorden: Well, yes. This is Tom. We are absolutely looking at becoming better executors at resource play development. We have huge resource plays in our inventory and those involve very complex project management challenges. It involves not only drilling the wells, it involves infrastructure, it involves water sourcing, water disposal, it involves electrification, it involves air quality, it involves a host of things that in order to be a low cost operator, demand is strategic focus. And in the high growth high level of activity, in some sense, we've been in reactive mode more than the kind of strategic planning mode, there that will take to become that low-cost operator in a lower margin business. And we are absolutely focusing our organization on this challenge. So our organization is highly engaged and we're building plans for when we come back with a roar. And I appreciate your – reminding us and reminding the listeners of the downturn in 2008, 2009. I think if you look at that periods in Cimarex history, it was some of our finest efforts and we came out of that correction a far far better company than we came into it and we are fully dedicated to do that again.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yeah. Brian, you hit the nail on the head there. We have great assets, and there's lot of things I am grateful for. There is no substitute for asset quality, and we have great assets. Assets that in today's climate with current costs and current service costs generate very-very nice returns. So, that's not a barrier, just picking up activity. It's we want them to just become convinced that we can see a stable future. There is still some speculation out there that we haven't seen the bottom in the oil markets. And the last thing we want to do is get out there and accelerate and then see oil slide into the $30s. Now, maybe that's not going to happen, maybe we've seen the bottom, and if you're willing to call it on this call Brian, I think that'd be great. We're just going to watch this a little while. And I want to be clear here, we're not committing to what a little while means. We may go next week and say, it's time to add a rig or two, but we want to be very forthcoming with you today as to how we see it and our most prudent course of action is to say you know what, we're just going to watch this until it clarifies. So no, we have great assets and we think our assets can generate acceptable returns in today's commodity pricing.
Thomas E. Jorden: Well, let me take the last question first. No, we're going to – the cash on hand issue – we currently model somewhat less than $100 million cash on hand at the end of this year. And as I said, we don't see any virtue in keeping cash on our balance sheet. So, I would not anticipate that we have cash on hand at the end of 2015 that would be comparable to 2014. Now as we look into 2016, we are looking at plans for when will be the appropriate time to accelerate and after that balance sheet is formed, and we've said that for years and we mean it. So we're willing to tap that balance sheet as long as our investment returns are excellent, and as we've always said they can stand that downside test. So, you know Joe, the issue is accelerating in 2016, is what's the downside test? In October, when oil was $75, we pulled our group together, and said, look, let's run a new flat case on oil of $50. And at the time, we thought, well, that's just ridiculous, and we blew right through the bottom of that. So, before we would make a decision to accelerate, we would want to have confidence in knowing what our downside case was because we wouldn't want to borrow and wake up and find that our credit statistics are well outside the balance of what we're comfortable with. So, we have not abrogated growth in 2016 under any way, shape or form. We think we have the assets demanded and the balance sheet that supports it. But as you started out your question, we are taking this in kind of day-by-day right now.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yeah. I might add to that, this is Tom. Well, we're going to full resource development. There is a pretty good chance, we're going to exploit all three of those benches and not leave those reserves stranded. So we've a lot of work to do and plan for that. We're not for – if it's a-la-carte the A and D are certainly sharing the day for this – it's full payable service. We're going to probably develop that C simultaneously.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yeah, I just wanted to add. This is Tom. It's the wrong viewpoint only to look at commodity mix, when you look at the Meramec. A very very significant over (49:13) is pressure. And as in so many place up dip to down dip, you go from essentially normally pressure to overpressure. And we think we really like our position in aggregate and we've got a lot of energy in that reservoir, we're over pressured, where we have our acreage. And I'm not sure if the map was all clean and we're releasing today, we're not clear (49:38) for our acreage exactly where it is.
Thomas E. Jorden: Well, it was a little of both. I mean the wells that we've decided not to drill this year are down the drier gas portion, but they still generate reasonable returns. And depending on our results with the infill project, we've discussed as recently as this morning that we could add additional development sections on to that development this year. And so, that certainly I would say this, an additional extension of that development program is among our options that are active that we wanted to up our capital slightly this year.
Thomas E. Jorden: Well, I mean for now we've elected to give you the average rate for those wells. I'll just put it this way, there is still a lot of drilling to do and there is also quite frankly some leasing to do. So as much as we're very proud of these results. There is still a lot to be done here. So I think what we've given you is I think is a good snapshot of the kind of results we're having right now.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yeah, Irene, this is Tom. I mean, we're in the business of being romanced by upside and the Meramec offers tremendous romance. And one of the things that we don't know and I really want to be clear, we don't know – we don't know what the spacing will be. But we also don't know if there will be multiple zones. I mean the Meramec is a fixed section. And there are some of our competitors out there testing stack laterals and as we look at that section and we have indeed varied our own landing zone, as we drill these wells, we will be testing that there could be multiple zones in the Meramec, possibly a couple of layers to this. So, we just don't know. And John's point is really the right one that with just six wells or seven wells an area this large, we have a lot of work to do before we can really get too granular with it on what this asset can deliver. So, I think, very encouraging so far.
Thomas E. Jorden: Well, I'd be happy to and none of what I'm about to say is news to you. There's a lot of capital in our sector in chasing opportunities, and there's a lot of private equity money on the hunt. Now there are some assets for sale and they're good assets, but there is still that bid/ask spread. I think that there's still a sellers' intent to try to find last year's work if you will, I mean, I think – I think asset prices have to rationalize around current commodity over look and we haven't seen that yet. There is also corporate opportunities that get whispered to us from time-to-time, we've looked at a couple of them and wouldn't surprise you to hear that some of these companies have a lot more debt than we do and when we do a pro forma, we're – you got to just love the asset in order to take on that burden. And it's – as I said the outset, our hurdle is high, but – I think a lot of these management teams out there are going to try weather through this to the extent they can, it's just going to be a function of how brutal does this get and how sustainable it will be. As I said in my opening remarks, we're not waiting around for a recovery, I mean at Cimarex we've got assets that can work in this environment and we're getting our cost structure, so that we can move forward and not looking back. And I think there is going to be have to be more sellers with that viewpoint before there's going to be pricing that makes sense.
Joseph R. Albi: Yeah. This is Joe. Couple of the points I'd like to make with regard to that too, there is so many other factors that play here. Drilling and completion costs, do they reduce further or are they flat? How that affect our activity and our production? The timing of that CapEx. If we were to increase our capital expenditures as of Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4, is it applied to road drilling in Cana where we drill wells first get them all drilled and then come back and complete them later or is it single wells in the Permian. All these factors really tell us that if we were to accelerate our capital spending this year chances are, it's not going to have an immediate impact on the middle of the year projection and would most likely show itself up in the latter part of the year.
Joseph R. Albi: This is Joe Albi. I wanted to clarify some to the previous question on the two-mile Meramec. Our current AFEs are probably closer to range of $10 million to $11million rather than $11 million to $12 million.
Joseph R. Albi: This is Joe. Knock on what we are gaining that that efficiency in our operations and find very, very comfortable drilling two-mile laterals whether it's in Cana in the Woodford or the Meramec or in the Wolfcamp.
G. Mark Burford - VP: Yeah Joe. Yeah I'll take that. This is Mark Burford. We look at our production mix and the combination or components or commodities, Joe. We see it fairly stable oil, gas, NGL mix. In the fourth quarter, we averaged 49% gas, 27% oil and 23% NGLs and look out into 2015 it might be a percent of variability in oil, as Joe mentioned the front-end loaded nature of the Permian and then the second nature of the Beacon (42:24) into the fourth quarter for our average 2015, oil breakdown is still about 48% gas and oil 29% and 22% NGL. So very similar mixture of oil, gas, NGLs going into 2015 with some variability quarter-to-quarter depending on the ramping of the Permian in the first half of the year and ramping in the second half of Mid-Continent.
G. Mark Burford - VP: Yeah, hi Matt. This is Mark. Yeah. We have run (44:33) primarily measure when we look at our cash flow projections in that one that we're looking at more recently was Friday the 13 strip price that we most recently ran into that, that's about $56 oil, about $3 gas – and into that strip environment, and strip price, that price environment we were looking at just a little south of $100 million in cash exceeding the year at the $900 million capital plan.
G. Mark Burford - VP: Actually Michael, this is Mark again. This is actually our third quarter will likely be our low point for the year, but (55:05) activity in Permian in the first quarter and second quarters as it'll be growing, it's going to be pretty flat and in the third quarter it'd be – it looks like our low quarter.
G. Mark Burford - VP: And we haven't really explored monetizing it. I think our – always our first preference is to figure it out, and Joe and John's right we're going to be starting it, and watch our competition carefully.
