Dan Dinges: Well we didn't have any Haynesville production in the early guidance and now we are rolling but we had very little, now we're rolling in a little bit of the Haynesville but second quarter, we're going to be somewhat limited on the Haynesville production just trying to get the frac crews, the pumping crews in there. You know when you are not an operator that has lying down multiple wells out in front of us, so its hard to stage in there so what we are doing is having a thick windows of opportunity to be able to bring those frac crews in.
Dan Dinges: Yes the free flowing gas that we are able to put through there most recently and that's just basically us putting the wells directly into the Tennessee pipeline and bucking the 1,000 pounds pressure in that pipeline and additional is going to be once we start cracking up the compressors which should be later next month.
Dan Dinges: Yeah I think Brian that we thought that we would have better wells drilled and completed a little bit earlier in the quarter than what we actually did and so of the earlier Pettit wells are falling off a little bit quicker. They are still very, very attractive business, not as high as initial rates that we had experienced earlier.
Dan Dinges: Well right now we have drilled and completed in the lower Eagle Ford and don't have any short term plans to frac into the charts although obviously it depends on how much fracture growth you do get, that you might access the chalk anyway.
Dan Dinges: Yeah first of we have leases down there that we have taken say within this last year and our primary term expiration and (inaudible) is a consideration on how we're allocating capital just like majority of the other companies in our peer group out there. We will continue to capture acreage in the Haynesville area as we are doing. Again we have term on our Eagle Ford acreage down there. The wells that we have scheduled for 2010 are included in our capital program that we've laid out. If we do ramp up, the program beyond what we've discussed it would be additive to our program and certainly juggling the balance sheet with operational opportunities and leasehold success, this is something we do on a daily basis and we would look at how we can get our arms around all the opportunities we have, but again back to your question, the wells that we have forecast in the Eagle Ford for 2010 are included in our program.
Dan Dinges: Yeah, we have that's correct. We have laid out a program out in front of us that allows us to capture our acreage but in our gas areas we are not over drilling in the gas areas just to be drilling. We are capturing primary term acreage, a good example of that is the (inaudible) cotton valley well we drilled, horizontal well. That particular well has excellent economics and the returns are ever been as good as what we're seeing in the Haynesville but we have elected not to drill any additional wells out there but that acreage is HBP.
Dan Dinges: No its just going to be an area that we had focused on early on, we've bought some leases in this area, where some of our early acquired leases, how we started moving forward and getting our meds and getting land up in locations so that in all in one of our early area leasing and that's where we drill our first well but other than that nothing unique to where we pick the location.
Dan Dinges: Okay well I think it might be summed up because it was a fairly well attended presentation by one of our peers and they laid out a very detailed descriptive analysis of the Eagle Ford that kind of had acreage spacing, they had EUR, they had anticipated flow rates and our acreage is exactly on trend with that peer, that laid all those out. So versus kind of going over the redoing the presentation that's out there that had considerable detail, we agree with that presentation.
Dan Dinges: We have not had any circumstances to these water rights, separate from mineral rights and we are developing our program with discussions with some of our offset lease holders and making a determination of units configurations and what we'd be doing as far as the development of our primary term acreage and once we get all that together which is a dynamic discussions right now, we'll be discussing that in further conference calls.
Dan Dinges: Not really Ellen, these newer wells we've kind of moved to the eastern side of our acreage block and we are getting some excellent results coming forward now and I think that we'll stamp out with our reserve estimate there.
Dan Dinges: Well our acreage position right now is less than $1,000 per acre and we continue to look for opportunities out there and it's our policy where we're active in leasing we do not discuss bonus consideration.
Dan Dinges: Well there is a couple of things I'll turn it over to Jeff our VP in marketing. I know I've had a meeting with, for example, energy transfer. They have a number of projects that are going on down there and expansion projects that they have. They recognize the amount of resource potential in the Eagle Ford and they are moving as we speak to develop a number of areas and expand the projects down there.
Dan Dinges: Right and keep in mind we have our focus primarily with capital allocation going to Marcellus and also primary term maintenance and primary term capture in the Haynesville/Bossier, our first well in the Eagle Ford was successful, I think we will gain efficiencies of our completion techniques in the subsequent wells but we have not put together a large expensive program in the Eagle Ford at this time with the number of wells that we we're talking about. So initially Michael we are going to be trucking our rollout initially and contemporaneously working on expansion of our program and other opportunities for our transportation.
Dan Dinges: We have picked up acreage in both areas and continue to acquire acreage in both areas and I don't have the exact split between those two areas we are still active in our area of such quantum and where we do have active leasing programs, we are not willing to discuss what we are paying (inaudible) 
Dan Dinges: Well we have a number of wells that we have restricted in the Marcellus. We have wells that as we mentioned we have over 50 stages that are backlogged right now. We have a number of wells that we have in the queue that we are in the process of completing and adding more stages to complete. Again a number of our wells are restricted at this stage and frankly if you were to have looked at this eight months ago, 10 months ago we thought we were building out our infrastructure in a timely manner. We moved up the construction of the Lathrop station because we saw early success and as we have continued to expand and we continue to improve our initiatives up there are long and laterals, more fracs and quicker drill rates and efficiencies. We have just overtaken the timeframe of our infrastructure in start up date and which is a high class problem, again we anticipate us putting a significant volume of gas into the Lathrop station once we can crank up the three compressors on side and initially I might add the initial phase which is, while we are calling a second phase is to start-up the compressors, we have three compressors that we'll be starting up early on. That will be about 65 million cubic foot of additional capacity and then towards middle of the summer we'll have three additional compressors that we plan on cranking up there also which would get us up to total for the facility 165 million cubic foot per day and obviously its going to be our intent to fill that in capacity as quickly as we can
Dan Dinges: I would anticipate however with the announcements that we heard some of the reallocation of capital that suddenly it stands to reason that it might become a little bit better but we have not seen that.
Dan Dinges: Well our guidance has taken in consideration our full year program as we've laid our guidance out there. We have a high expectation that we're going to have no problem being within our guidance or we have big success, we might even be above it.
Dan Dinges: Oh Gil, yeah, I'm not going to rehash the peer report it was like a 200 page report and very detailed and available out there but I will say that this is our first effort, we've seen other first efforts out there and I think early time data that we see our will is very consistent and overlay of the early time that we've seen in peer wells out in the area and again we have seen nothing to deter us from believing that the EUR expectation or return expectation of our acreage in the Eagle Ford is going to be any different than what's been discussed out there by others.
Dan Dinges: On Marcellus, those would be in the range between about 2,800 to 3,800 foot something in that order. Not many of those are the long reached laterals yet.
Dan Dinges: We do that, they're all government in hand and now and we're continuing to light pipe out there and we'll continue to secure additional permitting but we just a – we just had a period in there where we had a delay.
Dan Dinges: And the other thing is that we're getting more wells spread out and not all depended upon just eight pipeline in this particular case that Mike talked about. We had a couple of fresh wells so we had drilled completed, we had in our forecast and with our forecast number being a smaller number did affect our expectations. Now getting a bit diverse spread of wells that are coming in from different areas and not all dependent upon A-pipeline or A-borrowing that would, that I have hoped we are not significantly delay any production expectations.
Dan Dinges: Well we share a little our looking at a five year company wide program I've discussed earlier the five year actually 10 year program we are developing in the Marcellus area we are also putting together company wise five year program that again is going to be pretty dynamic document. But it is our intent in balancing with capturing our primary term average to add this commodity price environment more old more liquid to production profile. The one thing that would be of not if you look at it from a percentage perspective though the ramp up that we are going to see in the Marcellus is going to be I think fairly dramatic. And so percentage wise we might not see a large change but in actual number of barrels per day we produce liquids. We think that's going to go up from this point onward.
Dan Dinges: One thing you have to keep in mind that is just factual that we have an area that we are up there initially that we started drilling in and we did not sample the water wells for methane, subsequent to this event as we discussed in our press release. We have began to take pre-drill samples of not only the entire contents and evaluation of the water, but also now determining the percentage and amount of methane in the water wells up there and with that information and certainly with our cooperative working with the DEP, all the wells that we are drilling outside this area calls the initial concern, all the areas outside of this area, we are having no problems with methane in the water wells. Although the water wells had pre-drill methane in and we are not having any problems with the DEP, on them advising us that we have contaminated any wells. And our operations have been certainly evaluated and scrutinized by the DEP. We have been in compliance with the DEP orders and we have I think enhanced some of the location building operations out there and to assist the DEP and mitigating any concerns of surface exposures environment risk and the cementing and casing operations that we implemented in our wells right now are in full compliance of DEP regulations. And we don't have any problems outside of this area that's been identified. So we continue to drill outside that area and we would expect those operations to continue in compliance with DEP regulation and expectations from this point forward.
Dan Dinges: Well we have a multi-tier options that we are looking at on our multi-year program and that is how one, we capture our primary term acreage and we have extensions available under some of our leases on our primary term acreage and we are running dual tracks, trying to keep ahead of our existing production capabilities as these wells come in better than anticipated and we are also trying to capture the primary term acreage. and looking at it two ways, one if we keep drilling with that extensions how much acreage we capture and then making the decision that if we do extent some of that primary term acreage into another 5 year term or so, does that give us the flexibility to slow down some of our drilling? We are trying to look at all of that as we go forward.
Dan Dinges: Yes and in the Heath, I think you can probably note it down; we are over 100,000 acres in the Heath.
Dan Dinges: This is just our initial role at it, as Matt had indicated, we went down, we did some coring in this particular well. We have done some science; we wanted to just get our initial tests, initial evaluation out there as the other individuals asking questions talked about where you land the well, is it in the lower Eagle Ford, is it in the upper Eagle Ford, all those things that will be looked at as we move forward.
Dan Dinges: Well, Jack I would be disappointed if Mike did not make one more comment to you before he walks out. 
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Tiffany. Again I appreciate all the questions. As you can see by the questions, the Eagle Ford certainly has garnered a lot of attention, I think both with the Eagle Ford and Haynesville shale and the Bossier opportunities along with a ramped up opportunity in the Marcellus and the Larthrop Station coming on line towards the latter part of this month. Next quarter, you are going to see a different production profile with Cabot and we' looking forward to announcing that. Thank you all for your attention and interest in Cabot.
Brian Lively: Okay so the production growth in it I take it is largely related to the Marcellus and is that related to the increasing infrastructure with the second phase.
Brian Lively: Okay on the oil side with lower oil production guidance, could you give some more color and I think you mentioned briefly that the patent may be declining a little more than you expected but could you provide some more color on why the oil production guidance is down a bit.
Brian Lively: Okay and switching over to the Eagle Ford. Some operators have talked about completing wells in the upper Eagle Ford and possibly fracking into the chalk, others talked about completing in the lower Eagle Ford. Could you give some more color on what's your completion practice is today and kind of expectations going forward.
Matt Reid: We are somewhat limited there not quite as much as we are in the Haynesville, we can't get frac based on, just a phone call but we're not basically, we're tied into being restricted by a limited number of companies that could frac down there (inaudible) are fairly reasonable number in the Eagle Ford.  
Matt Reid: Let's not (inaudible) as remember there is only four wells for the total year program at this point in time too.
Matt Reid: Well we're seeing since (inaudible) we don't have a major program up there like many of the other operators. We have to get in the queue and take data we can get on. We try and schedule our fracs to two and three months in advance in a big time period between two and three weeks. Right now we are scheduled about two months out from end of the drilling and completion right now so.
Matt Reid: The average cost this well which is deeper in sports [ph] and deeper potential. But on average cost it is going to vary somewhere between the higher 4 million 5.5 million.
Matt Reid: The frac procedure there was basically just white sand. The blue, is we is we went to a cross link, we're still tinkering with our designs and what we'll be doing with the future wells.
Mike Walen: And at the time of the press release or before the press release that well was stabilized and was cleaning up and getting somewhat better but it has turned over and started to decline slowly which is not unexpected.
Mike Walen: Yes, yes. Biju what is that permit was a kind of one-off deal. We generally blow all of the streams so we don't have to get permit across it. In this one case, the boring did work and we had to go back and get a an actual physical stream crossing and that's why it took so long and delay enough of that one piece of bite. But our standard operating procedures is to abort the wetland and keep away from the permit process.
Mike Walen: We do anticipate having to have more stream crossing, stream crossing permits. Like as I said, that isn't something that we go forward looking to do, it's only if we have some issue on this physically boring the rock like we did in this one case. 
Mike Walen: Another issue that of course out there building a lot of compression, but this is a dry gas pipeline quality gas, so we are not having to strip liquids and that a big positive for getting these wells online timely.
Mike Walen: But no. It is looking at that Heath in Central Montana and obviously you all picked it up, the acreage in the case. So will lift our spirits a little bit on that. Yeah, we're looking at the Heath as an oil target in that part of the world.
