Dan O. Dinges: Thank you, Rocco, and thank you all for joining this morning for Cabot's second quarter 2017 earnings call. I have Cabot's executive management team with me for the call this morning. Before we get started, I would first like to highlight that on this morning's call we will make forward-looking statements based on current expectations. Also, some of our comments may reference non-GAAP financial measures, forward-looking statements and other disclaimers as well as reconciliations to the most directly comparable GAAP measures are provided in this morning's earnings release. For the second quarter, Cabot delivered another successful report card highlighted by 14% year-over-year production growth, while generating positive free cash flow for the fifth consecutive quarter. Our production growth for the quarter was driven by 15% increase in net Marcellus volumes year-over-year. This production [technical difficulty] (1:29 – 1:45)
Dan O. Dinges: Charles, I might add also. As we progress in our plan and we get the infrastructure approval that we anticipate, we start ramping our program into filling those lines in incremental production. We see the compression that we expect in the Marcellus of the differential up there, our realizations improve. We're going to be generating a significant amount of cash. So that also will be a strong influence and a dictator of how we allocate cash back to shareholders.
Dan O. Dinges: I agree that it may be running a parallel course which in my opinion is actually good. We see that it does go past the 4.4 Bcf type curve on the slide that you're referring to, but running parallel and above that 4.4 Bcf line is what we are seeing and what we're pleased with. So as you travel out if it continues running parallel it's obvious that we would be capturing maybe greater than the 4.4 Bcf per 1,000 foot of lateral.
Dan O. Dinges: Thank you. I'll give the second part of that to Jeff, but on the Atlantic Sunrise growth, we've kind of been clear on the ramp is not going to be instantaneously incremental. We are going to shift volumes out of the basin where we've had punitive differentials. We think with that shift that we should see as we expect a narrowing of that differential in basin, which would affect positively the gas that we do continue to produce in basin, and then we will continue to grow the volumes incrementally into the new capacity that Sunrise affords us. So it won't be instantaneous, but we certainly are planning our 2018 program as we're preparing to present to our board in October an increased capital program for 2018 that would allow us to grow our production in the 15% to 25% range as we have outlined.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, as we get closer to the realization that we will be able to start construction on infrastructure and move significant volumes, not only in the pipelines up there, but I think there's other projects that would be supportive of the differentials and realizations – and improve the realizations that we've seen in the past. As we go through that process and we get shovels in the ground, absolutely we're incrementally more comfortable about not only our growth horizon, but also our ability to return even more free cash to our coffer by virtue of the growth and improved differentials. There's still a look at the two exploration programs that we feel like if successful could return significant value for our shareholders. And we're going to vet those through the data gathering process that I have outlined. Going out and looking out in the Northeast and looking at the power plant projects, looking at the Atlantic Sunrise, yes, we have anticipation of Constitution also securing the approval later, whether it's 2019 or 2020, we think that could be an incremental gain. We do know that there is committed to firm capacity in the infrastructure up there that might not be filled by those holders of that firm that also provides an avenue for future growth up there also. So between now and 2020 compared to where Cabot has been on the last three years just trying to battle the regulators and the anti-group trying to stop pipeline from being installed, I am extremely optimistic about the near-term for Cabot. And our concern about diversity or growth mitigates each day as we get closer to these infrastructure approvals.
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, we are. With these two prospects, they are tied to a diversity if you will in the commodity mix. So yes, oil is the focus and as we gather additional information through between now and the end of the year, we would only be speculating in what we anticipate. We do continue to do our due diligence and looking at the data that we have in hand, looking at the reprocessed seismic that we continue to work and continue to gather more data. And some of it being subsurface data from the past in each of these prospect areas. So, the data we gather continues to reinforce our concepts on both of these prospects. So from timing, Brian, on when we might have something solid, I really think it would be after the first of the year. Ideally, what I would love to see would be four or so wells in each prospect area tested, some flow back period and with those tests and flow back period we could give you cost examples. We could give you return profiles. We could even look at the quality of the fluid mix to talk a little bit more in depth about what it's going to take on the surface side of the business and the infrastructure side and give assurances that we've mitigated risk on program execution from logistics. That's when I would feel great about talking about it. I'm sure we'll be asked about it and maybe we'll process out a little bit of information along the way, but that's kind of overall in a summary fashion how I look at releasing data on exploratory projects.
Dan O. Dinges: The only wells that are down today are wells that have been drilled subsequent to us getting into the area, and that was typically wells drilled years and years and years ago.
Dan O. Dinges: Two different things. One we're going to plan within our $125 million budget to drill five exploratory wells in the second half. My comment on having five wells in each prospect was just an example that says that ideally I would like to have before we make full disclosure, full release, I would like to have that level of detail to be able to lay out and give the shareholder the confidence that we have really vetted these projects as opposed to coming out with just a little bit of information that would be maybe somewhat more speculative or not having any type of term to a test except for in one area or two areas or something like that. I'd like to be able to see a little bit more information before we would make any release. I understand entirely though, as we get pushed to release information, that we'll do our best to accommodate those requests without giving away too much information and without speculating too much.
Dan O. Dinges: No, we are right now have – we have four wells in one area and the four wells that we have in the one area is the area that we had less subsurface control points to be able to mature our concept. And so we're gathering additional data there. One well in the other area, in this other area, we had and have more subsurface information and we have more information to mature our concept up front in that area, but the drilling of the well would assist us in proof of concept on some of our ideas.
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, I can make it a short answer or a long answer. I'll try to get it in between. But our idea is to always improve our lie and to improve our capital efficiency. We believe that the best areas to allocate capital are in core areas. And I would define core areas as like our Marcellus. And there probably are several other maybe very core areas in the oil areas that would allow capital to be allocated, returns that would generate not only growth but also free cash. Our objective is to try to improve our lie over any areas like our Eagle Ford that I do not – it's a good asset, certainly running even at these lower threshold commodity prices, our weighted average cost of capital. But I don't believe a company survives on just drilling areas that have a return profile based on the weighted cost of capital. So our objective would be to improve our lie and be able to do it in a way that would return not only significant returns-focused growth, but also free cash, which would in fact allow us to generate more free cash to give back to shareholders. So that's our objective. If we were on your fail case or uncertain case, if we were to not be able to get to a core asset profile with our exploration program and then though we saw that our infrastructure projects were taking off in the Marcellus, we decided to go in that direction solely as an ongoing project, which by the way is a high-class problem to have with those assets, if we made that decision, I am confident with the subsurface data we have, with the concept design we've created that there is going to be incremental value in these assets in these two projects. And if in fact they were not core-type projects for us, I'd still think that with the dollars invested, entry level at a very, very low cost, that we would be able to generate significant returns for the shareholders if in fact we decided to monetize those assets.
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, Drew, I would think that – I would be surprised if it goes beyond 12 months that we would not be able to rationalize with a fairly high degree of confidence where in our return profile expectations that these two projects would fall.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we would make a decision at that time similar as we make decisions today with the facts and information in front of us.
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, at the level that we're in right now for oil commodity prices, what we've been doing with the capital allocation and the decision point to allocate capital to the Eagle Ford has been really based on lease obligations and maintaining our commitment and not losing any of the optionality that we would have in the future. And certainly in the event that we do get improvements in the commodity price that either way, whether we decide to allocate additional capital to it or if we decide to monetize, in either case, we want to maintain and keep all of our optionality. And so the pinch point is what kind of lease requirements that we need to complete to maintain that leasehold position. So when you look at our entire program, we're running dual tracks here. We're looking at our return profile with every dollar we spend and I understand the angst with shareholders on why you're allocating money to a project that is not returning the superior returns that maybe a Marcellus would? But again there's a lot of capital in the industry being allocated, that don't return what the Marcellus does. And I think though that when we move forward with our exploratory projects, we do increase our optionality with infrastructure buildout. It gives us the ability to be a little bit more aggressive, if you will, in the decisions we make on where we want to allocate, how we want to allocate, what we want to monetize, and do we have some other options to maybe create additional new venture projects that meet a threshold definition as we would say as a core asset for us. So we are really running some dual tracks right now and still trying to maintain our acreage position in the Eagle Ford. And the team has done a great job that has allowed us to again continue to get the returns we want, but everybody is wanting to have a program that would generate greater returns than the cost of capital.
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, Mike, I'm not going to get down that granular. We have described exactly what you just laid out, that we're looking to improve our lie. We're looking to be able to find projects that would enhance the shareholders' value. And we think that from an Eagle Ford position-type asset, I don't consider that level of return as core. I do define our Marcellus that you laid out as core and we're just trying to again improve our efficiency and look at a project that would allow us to do what I've said in the past and that's be able to grow the asset and generate free cash. So you're going to be in a good return ZIP Code if you're able to accomplish that.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, it's two things. One, that we had available cash. It came out of the third quarter of 2016, fourth quarter of 2016. And then the first quarter of 2017, we saw how significantly the differentials narrowed. And we saw under a more normal condition what our project would generate in free cash with realizations in the range that we realized for the first half of this year. So a combination of again seeing good realizations that we hadn't seen in maybe three years come to fruition, but also to your point getting closer to the approval process and narrowing down on the commissioning of these infrastructures. Both of those gave us the confidence to not only increase our dividend by 150% but also to do the share repurchases that we've made. And Scott's point was made about we have a reauthorization still of 7 million shares. And yes, we're going to be opportunistic, but we also feel very confident of our future generation of free cash. And that is instrumental in our decisions to move forward with the share repurchases.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we have two of the three we've already implemented, and those two, one, increased dividend and, two, the buyback. Special dividends, you could look at special dividends, but what we like to see, we like to see every shareholder in our stock and we like to see every shareholder hold our stock for a period of time and enjoy the ride up. And by having a consistent dividend yield and increasing maybe dividend policy and also buybacks I think the higher priority focus is then trying to suggest that we would be issuing special dividends.
Dan O. Dinges: As far as the 4.4 Bcf increase over the Gen 3 or even looking at now our current type curve, I'm going to do a SWAG here and I'll probably get slapped back, but I think it's about 10% to 15% is the uplift I think we're seeing.
Dan O. Dinges: We've had a little bit of discussion, Bob, on additional loading, cluster spacing. Steve went over, and looking at our flow-back periods with the longer laterals, more water pump to carry extra load and more clusters, we're looking at the tweaks. And as Steve mentioned, if you have more water around near well bore, more loading you push back some of the volumes back until they work their way back to the well bore. Initially, certainly the rate it comes back does affect the rate of return, and so we're at early, early stage trying to evaluate just exactly what is going to be the best recipe to get the most return out of the project without compromising the EUR and cost. So it's still early and it's work in progress and all the data gathering and database that we're building, trying to build our Big Data platform as others are. We are going to be looking at it and utilizing the data to make decisions in the future.
Dan O. Dinges: It's just different. And yes, we are trying to do a little bit of both. We're trying to see what cost can be taken out by different completion, and we're trying to make a determination, does it also affect initial rates and EURs on the completions. Too early time to speculate where we are with that.
Dan O. Dinges: Marshall, I don't put the core definition as only what our return is in the Marcellus. There are some areas out there that I think have what I would define as core returns that might not be the returns of the Marcellus, but they're returns, if that was where you were strictly focused would allow for, even though less returns than the Marcellus, would still allow for growth and return of free cash, and that is somewhere in between, which I have not defined, between our Eagle Ford and our Marcellus. So there is a swap in between there, obviously on the upper end, that says yes, these would be core projects, and you're right in your assessment. How you define a core and looking at the number of companies that are able to spend the money, drill the wells, complete them, put them in the pipeline, grow double digits, and generate free cash and give free cash back to shareholders, there's not many that fall in that definition, but that definition is I think somewhat below what our Marcellus return is, but it is a very, very high bar to get to, and that's what we're trying to do. We recognize that if you go, just like the comments we've made on the Eagle Ford. Some would say that why are you spending money in the Eagle Ford. Go spend it all on the Marcellus, because you're diluting your return profile. We get the map. The difference is that that has not deterred from anything we've done in the Marcellus. We've been handicapped without infrastructure up there. We think we're getting close to that. We don't think anything we're doing in these two projects to try to determine can we find a really, really good another return project to get to some of our capital allocation. It will not impact one dollar that we plan to allocate to our Marcellus and our anticipation of filling all incrementally the infrastructure volumes that we're going to grow to in the Marcellus. But what we are – and to the point that maybe another question referred to, how do we balance giving back to shareholders as opposed to investing into an oil or gas well? Well, we've decided to give some back to shareholders right now because we don't have a place that is going to allow us to meet our benchmark of growing and generating free cash after you do the full cycle return profile of our projects. And if we get to the point that we would hope to get and I might add that in our initial economics that we run to make the first decisions to spend capital to look for those type of ideas. we certainly have economics and a development plan in scope, though speculative, that would do what I'm talking about, and that is invest, have a development program, get to the point of growth where free cash, the program is supporting on its own cash generation and also generating free cash for other optionality. And as we have suggested and as we have done, that is to give back to shareholders.
Dan O. Dinges: Okay. Thank you, Rocco. I think with the questions that have been asked and the answers provided, you can see that we remain focused on returns. We are going to continue to focus on returns. And with the right projects where we allocate capital, we think we're going to be able to achieve exactly what we've been able to achieve in the second quarter. Thanks for your interest, and I look forward to discussion again on the third quarter call. Thank you.
Scott C. Schroeder: Thanks, Charles. Again, when you look back at our history, even the last 10 years, we've been in and out of the market at various points based on our level of cash and things like that. At the end of the day, it is an opportunistic buyback. We've had authorization for a long period of time. Our authorization now is down to about 7 million shares when it was split adjusted. That means we've bought in about 13 million shares in our history in the last 10 years. But again, it is simply the fact that when we internally see a disconnect with what we know what's going on versus the marketplace – and we have no delusions. We understand the market is efficient, but at times there is those disconnects, and we saw that in the second quarter. And we want to send a message, so we're using some of that free cash flow rather than just let it sit on our balance sheet to buy in the shares and again, right now we made a very economic decision with $22.41 versus the $25 we're trading at now. We'll continue to be opportunistic, and I don't want to leave the impression that it's got to get back to $22 before we will be active in the market. Again, when we see weakness, we'll be opportunistic.
Scott C. Schroeder: I think it's definitely not with our financial position an either/or. As you know, we have a fully undrawn revolver of $1.7 billion. So worst case scenario, if we saw an opportunity to use a disproportionate share of the free cash plus what's on our balance sheet, being opportunistic, buying in shares, we would follow through on that opportunity and not worry about that we need to hold some of that in reserve for the 2018 maturity. The 2018 maturity does go current, so you'll see it as current actually this month. Most of it does, so you'll see it in current in the third quarter 10-Q. As many of you know, Cabot is unrated by design over the years. One of the things we're going to explore is a refinancing strategy on that where we actually go to the public markets and get some indications from the agencies. We haven't been hurt by not being rated. At the same time, the size of the company we are and where we're at in our life cycle, it's probably time to explore that option. So that will also be taking place over the next probably six to eight to 10 months.
Scott C. Schroeder: No, because we have a longstanding track record and we are investment-grade in the private placement market, and we've worked through all those hurdles over the years.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Okay, John. Yes, we have two outstanding permits that are commonly known as the Section 102 and Section 105 permits. You're probably aware that the Pennsylvania DEP went out for public comments back in May on these two permits. That was closed late June. There were several thousand comments submitted and quite frankly a lot of them were positive. And right now the DEP is sorting through those comments, preparing answers and finalizing last-minute data request from questions that may have come up during that comment period. So we're expecting going forward that these permits are just getting the final touches to them, so to speak. And they'll be out the door here mid to late August.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Sure, Jeffrey. So as a shipper on that project, we do communicate quite a bit with the operator and the other partners. The New Jersey denial was not unexpected. They realized that there was insufficient data that was necessary and required. And quite frankly they were moving toward that end when we lost the FERC quorum. As you know, PennEast is still pending their certificate. But in this law, I guess what I understand is they move more toward the complete application at this point, and it will get a second look.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Sure, Holly. Of course, not just with Millennium and also with National Fuel, I hesitate to use the word the plot thickens, it may be appropriate. Regarding the Constitution and our appeal, we're on that tail end of the time period where we expect the Second Circuit to give us a ruling, so that's getting close. It is a complicated case, so it may not be right around the corner, but our expectations are that we'll see something out of the courts fairly soon. I think the bottom line on the Millennium case was punting back authority levels to the FERC is obviously a very good thing, and we'll see how that plays out. It probably has a shorter duration to play out in the next few months as we see what the DEC actually does with that permit application here soon. And then National Fuel, of course, has such a similar set of facts that we have with Constitution and their plight with the sure pipeline and will be a New York-based company and the job creations and all of the good things that that new pipeline does is again very similar to Constitution, and we expect some clarity on just how we're going to be able to operate in New York.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Sure, Paul. We got notified by DTE, who owns and operates Bluestone Pipeline, which cuts through the core of Susquehanna County in our area. We were making deliveries from a station there, and they had done an inspection on a compressor station that actually pumps gas in the Millennium Pipeline on the North end of their system. Long story short, they noticed some vibration, damage to the engines, and immediately shut it down, removed the engines, check out the foundation, and decided that in this particular case the best idea going forward was simply lease core new engines, rebuild the station as quickly as possible and get back online. The current in-service dates we're getting now are August 23, give or take a few days. And we think we'll be back in business around September 1.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Yes, Karl, thanks for the question. We talk about this quite a bit and preparing for a good little while now since we've known that Sunrise is going to be slightly delayed on what is the best path on getting Susquehanna County gas down to the Cove Point Pipeline. We currently own existing capacity to get some of that gas down to the Cove Point Pipeline. We're contracting with a few others that have paths leaving Susquehanna County to get additional volumes down to Cove Point. We have some other options with capacity holders that have valid paths, our gathering systems that run past the Cove Point Pipeline, so we're working out arrangements with them as we speak. We're looking at this from a variety of angles. For example, we're still not entirely sure when Cove Point will be up and running. We're taking on the best case that they'll be up in January, which fits us rather nicely. And I don't think we'll have any problem contracting for various paths and cobble together enough transportation options to get our gas down to the pipeline.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Yes, so reaching way back to when we press released the deal, we let everyone know that it was a Henry Hub-based price that had other opportunities associated with it. Due to the confidentiality with Sumitomo, we've hesitated and not disclosed any particulars about the pricing.
