ArunJayaram: Yes, good morning. Arun Jayaram from JP Morgan. Tom, how are you? Doing well. Just a quick question here. Mark, in your prepared comments you talked about perhaps the board evaluating a variable dividend policy, we didn't have the dividend increase. So could you provide a little bit more meat behind the bone? And obviously, I think you said $850 million of free cash flow this year on your updated guide at $55. So just want to get some more color around that variable dividend commentary.
ArunJayaram: Great. And, Tom, my follow up, as you mentioned, how Cimarex had been kind of just, had been potentially pivoting activity between New Mexico and Texas just given some of the rulings from the Department of Interior the temporary suspension. So I was just wondering why you guys were considering pivoting from New Mexico, because it was our understanding that if a project been permitting, that you could continue to operate that project, so maybe a little bit of color around your discussion around that pivoting of activity between both states.
ArunJayaram: Well, it's great to have the flexibility towards Texas. Thanks, Tom, for clarifying that. Appreciate it.
MarkBurford: Yes, Arun, with our current emphasis on tuning cash for having sufficient cash to look to retire those 2024 notes is our first priority, as we discussed, and second priority that has been going to increasing a regular dividend on a sustainable basis. So we're checking the sustainable dividend growth this year, and we'll see how prices really do stay. And we're very optimistic that $55 case you ran could come true. But we've seen enough volatility in commodity prices, we're not going to make any decisions around that at this point, we'll make sure we see the cash, cash flow come through and our cash came in our balance sheet and then we'll make further decisions then. But definitely our board's been open to discussions on our steps, certainly a sustainable regular dividend growth, very supportive that and further open to discussions on a variable dividend.
MarkBurford: Hi, Jeanine. Yes, we do expect second, third and fourth quarter sequential growth lead a little bit more towards the third and fourth quarters. The fourth quarter 2020 to fourth quarter 2021 rate of growth is targeting 30%. So we do expect a significant year-over-year change in fourth quarter to fourth quarter growth in oil. But again, it's a fairly steady growth in both ways to dip more towards the third and fourth quarter.
MarkBurford: Yes, I mean so certainly with that trajectory where state coming into this year, right back to the matter of just reactivating two frac crews in the Permian running the five rigs, we are resuming getting back to levels more we saw in 2020. But in 2021, and going into 2022, with that particular exit rate we see in the fourth quarter, we don't expect that we will ultimately just absolutely have to maintain that fourth quarter rate will be evaluating the 2022 plans, and evaluating where we invest in the pace of investment, we expect to have steady rig and completion cadence going into 2022. And we don't have a targeted growth rate in 2022.
MarkBurford: Yes, no, I think your last point is very valid there too, Tom. I think it'll be interesting to see how the market starts trying to value some of the variable dividends. And obviously, you want to give some visibility to that, the mechanics of it, and seeing how others do that. And evaluating was the best avenue to do that is I think, will be important. So and then even having a first goal and having the cash on our balance sheet for those notes, I think gives us some time to evaluate that.
MarkBurford: Yes, Brian, the maintenance capital is obviously something that is a lot of different discussions around that and what the definition of that means. But as you just said, if you're thinking in terms of maintenance capital of somewhere around 80,000 barrel oil per day, generally, kind of our midpoint of our guidance for annual 2021 is 78,000. So if you think of terms of that, you were looking at probably as low end of our guidance range of something $650 million is probably less for just trying to maintain that 80,000 feet per day.
MarkBurford: Well, yes, the preferred it's 8.125% preferred. So as we have opportunities to purchase that and we'd want to do that just on our capital structure being fairly expensive. The window for which just to do that is uncertain. It'll obviously depend a lot on interest rate yields and other things to see if we have opportunity to purchase more, yes, I put that 8.125% preferred in the same bucket is the having cash available for retirement in 2024 notes.
MarkBurford: Yes, Mike certainly with the significant drop in our capital in 2020, down 56%, we did see a 14% decrease in our reserves. As we look at in this current year plan and then a maintenance plan, we would view those reserve additions to be kind of paralleling or flat with kind of if you're in a maintenance mode, or we do pursue our review our reserves have been relatively flat. And this year, we expect with the kind of current plan that we have that we'll see growth in approved reserves. Again, more trailing towards the activity levels with that activity of a couple of frac crews and five rigs in the Permian, that we would see our reserves growing this year. And again, in a flat world, we would see our reserves be maintaining flat.
MarkBurford: Yes, Tom, I think you hit on a couple of points, I was going to make that we do have some variability there. One other point, Leo, that we are midpoint of our guidance as we typically provide capital guidance kind of our current status of where we see AFEs are at. And we have incorporated some initial - early time data for some increases for later to stand as far as hauling and other components there. But we have some room, hopefully in our budgets, because we see some additional inflation, we will also maintain our current range. So really the working interest component, maybe potential little inflation and just that and ESG type work to really the upper end of the range.
MarkBurford: Brian, we've had a pretty steady methodical hedging program for the last several years. And obviously, in 2020, that was to our benefit, as we look at our hedge position for this year, as we layered in hedges through 2020 for 2021, we'll be having some cash payments. But that's kind of a natural component of a true hedge program, as you hedge through the cycle. But we'll continue to maintain a kind of a quarter-to-quarter hedge program, where we target 10% per quarter for five quarters for allows us to get to about 50% hedged for the preceding for 12-months. And we'll continue to be methodical about it, and not being speculative or optimistic, but just sampling that force drip periodically every quarter through the year.
MarkBurford: Yes, Paul. So yes, on slide 6, we were trying to depict what a free cash flow framework could look like even at a lower price case, which were describing there $35 oil. And suddenly, at that level, we would be much more conservative in our capital reinvestment. And we would also be looking at our debt retirements as being a very high priority, and have that kind of world at $35 WTI and even at $35 WTI we believe we would be in a position to have flat and maybe maintenance capital, slightly up volumes, even a $35 oil. And we believe we'd have sufficient cash over that time period to pay off the 2024 notes. That's what we're trying to describe in that framework. Certainly at higher prices that are 2022 and beyond type world, we will have to continue evaluate, we don't are signaling that we would want to go to any kind of growth mode, but we will continue to evaluate our capital plans each year they go into the year looking at capital plans based on conservative price decks. That is realistically well below where the current strip is kind of setting that capital plan level and looking at making sure we have 20% to 30% of free cash flow available after our capital plans. And the reason that firstly, we're investing 70%- 80% of our capital, our cash flow and our capital. So it's a mixture of kind of how we're trying to describe there with $35 oil versus, again, kind of ongoing plan with a more current stock pricing and current pricing involved.
TomJorden: Well, sure. And I think in hindsight I would say we overreacted. And that's exactly the reaction I would have wanted this to have. If I can go back to ancient history a full month ago. This was 24 or 48 hours after the Keystone XL discussion. And we had two rigs in route to drill a fairly large project. And we did need additional right away the drilling permit is only one of multiple permits or approvals that one needs to execute a project on federal lands. The drilling permit is often issued or applied for 18 months before the well spud. If anything changes as either a cementing program casing program, fairly immaterial change, you need a sundry, you follow sundry notice and you need approval. And then often while a project is underway, you're still securing right away, which involves federal permit approval, even to the extent of laying water lines on the surface for your frac job. If you cross federal lands, it requires federal approval. So when they suspended all local decision-making authority on permitting, we were in a fortuitous position. We were still in the middle of a project; we were about ready to mobilize rigs in Mexico. And again, on the heels of that Keystone XL decision, we said we are not putting $100 million of pipe in the ground until this situation clarifies. Since then, I think it has clarified, as I said in my remarks, we're very confident that existing permits on existing leases will be allowed to be developed. But it was an extraordinary opportunity for us to pivot to Texas while we figured this out. So yes, we overreacted and my opinion and bully for us for that.
TomJorden: Jeanine, this is Tom. Let me just comment on that. Let me comment on that if I could. Our challenge here is 2020 saw such a huge disruption not only in our capital program, but also our production. And so it's kind of hard to look at quarter-to-quarter and make any kind of inference that that would be a steady state number. We are full of very good projects. And I want to reiterate what I said in my opening remarks. Our long-term goal is really driven by cash flow generation and not production increase. But when you come off a year, like we've had in 2020, and we have the kind of projects we have to say, oh my goodness, you don't want to have fourth quarter increase is rather like asking a thoroughbred to pull a milk truck. I mean, we've got tremendous assets and it just that's just the way the numbers flow fell out. And given that we're investing less than half our cash flow this year. That's just provides us tremendous flexibility and we can react to the marketplace as the year goes on. But when I see that Q4 to Q4 accelerate change, I think, wow, we have unbelievable flexibility, both financial and operational for 2022.
TomJorden: Well, I don't know that I can offer you any inside baseball that's not already widely circulated. We have had lots of discussions with elected officials at the federal level from New Mexico, both senators' offices, and in addition to the governor's office, and we're confident that cooler heads will prevail, and that the tremendous, not just value, but lifeline that the oil and gas industry provides to Mexico will be kept alive and well. We do expect a new regulatory environment, we expect many of the Obama era regulations from federal level to return and be strengthened. And for that we're ready. We're a better company in every respect, including environmentally than we were four or five years ago. But every indication that we have been given and again, I don't claim to be the Oracle on this, but every indication we've been given has led us to be optimistic that we're going to be able to develop our assets in a very prudent manner.
TomJorden: We have not discussed that today; we're pretty focused on the engineering aspects of our own assets. And we have as Blake nicely said; we have a lot of opportunity in our own assets. I mean I wouldn't put some kind of carbon offsets off the table, but I can't imagine us doing the next few years, we've got tremendous opportunity to make material progress through Blake mentioned electrification, we've got certainly a lot of opportunity and high- and low-pressure emissions and we have our best minds on this project. And I am wholly confident that we're going to really make tremendous progress. So now, the direct answer question is no, we have not discussed the offsets.
TomJorden: Well, Leo, let me just clarify one point on the - yes, we do expect if $55 oil with the current strip then we would have sufficient cash in our balance sheet. But those notes aren't callable on 2022, we could have some options on tendering other things, but they're not callable until the first quarter of 2024. So we will - we just have to evaluate what our options are to maybe chip away at those in the meantime. But as far as the dividend increase, yes, certainly, we want to have a pattern of increasing dividend, which we've had throughout our history, certainly want to stress tested to make sure it's sustainable. And that's how we depicted it in our slide five, even a $35 oil, that dividend only represents 12% of our cash flow. And at the current strip, it's led only about 7%. So in that range, and somewhere around 10% of our cash we will feel very comfortable that dividend sustainable. And when we look at future increases, we'll be doing the same evaluation to make sure that whatever we raise that regular dividend by that it would be sustainable through the cycle.
TomJorden: Yes, let me just add to that, we love our regular dividend, but as Mark very aptly said, we do want it to be sustainable. And so the beauty of a variable dividend is in its very name it's variable. And so where as we said earlier, we're watching different models roll out, but we would love to find a sustainable dividend philosophy. I'll say that, and I think the combination between ordinary and variable is intriguing to us. But we were delighted to increase our dividend. We thought it was the right time; we wanted to do a significant increase if for no other reason, just to put our money where our mouth is, and just demonstrate our commitment to our owners.
TomJorden: Noel, this is Tom. I just like to - I just want to make a quick comment that the 2020 and including the weather events that we just went through, have reaffirmed in us why strategically, we've always wanted to be a multi-basin, multi commodity type company. Our marketing group had some valiant times in 2020, where markets were locked up y'all remember the tremendous pressure on WAHA. Having diversity of assets was a tremendous benefit to us as it was in the recent storm event. So John and his team have done a phenomenal job of bringing forward some fantastic investment opportunities in the Anadarko Basin that that are at the very top of our forced ranking on returns. And that's strategically consistent with how we want to manage the company.
TomJorden: Now the spacing is going to vary across our asset. For example in Culberson the map that's on slide 9, you're going to see six to eight wells per section on the western side and 8 to 10 walls per section on the eastern side. But the important thing is, as John pointed out, we're trying to maximize the value of that section. And the beauty of a deep inventory, as you all know, we have a very long deep inventory, is we can make decisions from going from 10 wells per section seven wells per section, solely considering maximizing our value. And we don't have a concern of inventory overhanging that decision, and it gives us just the financial flexibility that bleeds into the financials that we report.
TomJorden: And the only comment I would make is I think slide 6 is built more with a viewpoint to where we want to land steady state. And because of the huge production decline, we saw 2020 as I said earlier it's kind of hard to throttle back. I mean we're going to - with any kind of even very modest investment, and I think this year below at 50% of our cash flow, you would use the word modest. We'll see some Q4-to-Q4 reasonable growth rates, but we're not managing over growth. That's not what we're doing. We're really managing around our long-term financial targets.
TomJorden: Oh, CapEx, sorry CapEx. We'll have a little higher CapEx in the second and third quarters. But it's on a relative basis is fairly steady. But we do have a little bit more completion capital in the second and third quarters.
JohnLambuth: This is John. We're currently developing right now in Anadarko one of our Lone Rock projects where we're drilling five wells. We model currently at strip very, very attractive returns, returns that competes heads up with a number of our premium projects, which is why we're making this investment right now. But the reality is, we need to see those results as good as it looks on paper, we'd like to actually see it in the performance of a well, we think at five wells per section, we will have the kind of performance that will lead to those results. And if we see that, then that might spur us to want to even for more capital runway. But this kind of our putting our toe in the water there, we really want to see this development come on, see what kind of results we get from it, and then we'll move from there. And in terms of any further investment. As far as the working interest there, it's quite high. We've done a very nice job of accumulating other interests in there. I mean, right now we show about 94% working interest.
JohnLambuth: Well, quite frankly, over the last year with a lot of people not really paying much attention, we've been able to accumulate more interest in that area. And it's an area we really like, and we think it's going to deliver great returns. But again, the proof will be in this particular development and the results we see.
JohnLambuth: Yes. No. We - with our NGL component of our realization in the fourth quarter, we were at 33% of WTI, seen the benefit of higher propane prices. Propane inventories have been very positive. And we've seen - we'll see how exports continue to trend here going forward, but inventory levels there are very reasonable. And we're optimistic about NGLs. We're not really probably the person to ask. Most for NGLs are marketed at the tailgate of our plants, so we don't really directly market our NGLs, but we're optimistic about the overall NGL component of our barrel or of our commodity.
JohnLambuth: This is John. I'll take a stab at it. I'm sure Tom will want to follow up, I think the slide you're referring to is what we will be doing with our calculate development, Culberson and where we have relaxed or upsize the spacing in terms of the well count. But as you did point out as well as the vertical spacing twin landings. And again, this is just all lessons learned from multiple developments that we've already undertaken. We've talked about this there was clearly greater communication or what we say permeability going on between our well, more so than what we originally modeled and expected. We have adjusted to that. And what this slide demonstrates, as we think at going from 10 to 7 wells per section, we will essentially save the cost of three wells but essentially achieve the same total recoverable reserves for that section does greater capital efficiency and higher overall project returns. And this has been carried across all of our projects, not just here in Culberson but in Reeves, Lee and even what I mentioned earlier in Lone Rock where there was a time of Lone Rock, we thought we'd be at eight wells a section. Now we're at five we see at five, we do a much better job of keeping our condensate yield, having less of a decline and again, just better economics.
