Blake Sirgo: Yes. Thanks, Nitin. Our '23 budget number represents the three-year growth plan we've laid out, not a maintenance plan. If you look at Slide 6, you'll see we plan to spend 2 to 2.1 per year over the next three years. What that does for us is provide 0% to 5% Boe and gas growth on average annually and oil growth at 5% on average annually. That's something we're choosing to do, because we have a deep inventory of high return projects. But if we chose not to grow and go into maintenance mode, that would drop to 1.8 billion to 1.9 billion per year over that same three-year period at our current cost structure.
Blake Sirgo: Yes. Thanks, Nitin. There's a couple of things going on there. First, we've seen just a reduction in the total basis with the rundown in NYMEX. We've seen that across all our indexes, but it's also our portfolio. We have more contracts in '23 pointed at premium markets than we did in '22. We also have a good chunk of our portfolio that has floors under them. And at these lower prices, those floors come into play. So it's really just overall great work by our marketing team. It's a really good tailwind in the U.S. going into '23.
Blake Sirgo: Yes. And on the cost trends, the 10% we're showing for '23 is really a reflection of those contracts we entered into in late '22. It sure feels like the market is starting to soften. There's less talk about price increases, or talk about costs holding flat. And if activity starts to drop across the lower 48, we'll be looking to claw some of those costs back.
Blake Sirgo: Yes, Derrick, this is Blake. I'll take that one. It's hard to pin a service cost to a commodity price. It's really ultimately a function of activity and how much services are available on the market. We're seeing some softening. I'm happy to say we've seen a little bit in rig rates here recently, and that's a good sign. We've seen a softening in casing, our OCTG going out three to six months. We're starting to see some price coming down, and that's a good sign. But ultimately, it's going to be a function of activity across the lower 48. All rigs and crews have wheels and they will travel. So we'll see where activity goes.
Blake Sirgo: Yes, I'll just tack on. Really the wells per pad is an outcome of always looking for efficiency. That's really what we're constantly looking for on the cost side. The more wells per pad we get, the more combing we can do. It just drops our per well cost, our dollar per foot cost. Our teams have got really creative. We have pads now that have wells going to the North and wells going to the South. We come back, as Tom said, after those 200,000 barrels declines and we added new zones and plug those into the same facilities. Probably our biggest limit is just kick-outs on drilling, and there's a cost associated with that. And that's really what we measure when we determine how many wells are we going to squeeze on one pad.
Blake Sirgo: This year, we do have a pretty good delineation across the field that we're testing upper Marcellus in. Really it's a function of takeaway and infrastructure too. We're careful where we bring that on. And you'll kind of see that theme in the upper as we go forward where we put those locations, similar to the lower, how we've done in the past. Infrastructure is a real guiding light there.
Blake Sirgo: Yes. Leo, this is Blake. I'll take that one. The '23 program is all modeled at current costs and that would put us maybe just a little north of the midpoint, not assuming any deflation right now. So we'll see where that goes. The 2 billion to 2.1 billion going out in the next three years, it's really more a function of the project selection and the asset mix that comes in and comes out. Some parts of the assets have higher dollar per foot, some have lower, and that's just coming in and out throughout that three-year program.
Blake Sirgo: Leo, I think that's a good assumption. The priority that we said is the base first, buyback second and then fill in, if needed, with the variable dividend. So to the core of your question, we're focused particularly -- as we agree with you, our stock has come in quite a bit and we see a great opportunity in that. So if you press me today, I would say your answer is -- the direction you're going is correct.
Blake Sirgo: Paul, I'll take the first part. It's not that clear of a formula. As you watched us through this year, again, our minimum commitment was 50% plus. As we just highlighted, we returned 83%. So there's not a magic point that we get $1 billion in cash and then all of a sudden we start going. The $1 billion in cash is a target. The 50% plus of cash flow is a rule, so to speak, and then we have flexibility around how we deliver that and how much more we want to deliver based on market conditions. So you can't pinpoint to something that once we get to this point, we're going to start doing this. We have all those options on the table, and we'll continue to use all those options. But the priorities right now is the 50% plus base dividend and buyback first, and we'd like to get our cash balance up because what the cash balance does, being a little bit higher, affords us flexibility in the question that you're asking, Tom.
Scott Schroeder: Sure. What we found in this past year is as we looked at, we set out to do about $1.5 billion in variable dividends. And watching how the market reacted to that is what gave us pause and we started researching. As we've talked internally, and in Tom's prepared remarks, actually tying into your M&A comment, right now and we said this a year ago right out of the blocks, one of the best investments is investing in ourselves because we think our assets are head and shoulders above everybody. And so leaning in on the buyback as that return of capital priority, but also increasing the base is what we have telegraphed over the years too that we're going to continue to do annual base dividend increases. So from an overall perspective, it was an easy adjustment still reaffirming. In terms of the $1 billion cash, that's a target for us to have. We had a couple of quarters when we were right at $1 billion. What took us below is the decision of getting to our debt level target of right around $2 billion. So we will balance building the cash balance back up to $1 billion with the buybacks meeting the 50%. Remember the stat I gave. We returned 83% of our free cash flow. So we far exceeded the 50% commitment last year.
Scott Schroeder: We’re going to, obviously based on, like you said, the internal evaluations do, but we're going to continue to -- just like we did with the last one, be more -- focus more on the opportunistic, look at the marketplace, where we're trading versus our perception of where we should be trading. Again, we do have a commitment, but we're not going to become programmatic in doing it. So it will still be more opportunistic than anything else.
Scott Schroeder: Well, Charles, that's a nice try. I won't give [indiscernible]. But I think it's fair to say it is more durable because you see the technical term, the stickiness of buybacks, because it has a lasting impact over all cycles and well into your future. I'd be lying if I didn't say I'd run the math in my head based on the average of what I bought in last year. If I had used that variable dividend money, what would my shares outstanding be? And that number kind of intrigues me. Now can't undo what we did last year. So I think where you're leaning is I view this as more durable because it is I think the best long-term solution. Now there will be points and disconnects in the market where it may not make sense. But I'd love to have that challenge where the whole perception is the market -- the stock got ahead of itself. We're a long ways away from that.
Tom Jorden: Well, I'll handle the first part and Blake can talk about cost trends. We have tremendous flexibility. Our teams worked really hard at the latter half of last year building in flexibility. As you can recall, premium equipment was not available unless you were willing to sign a long-term contract. We had a lot of services that came off contract. And in order to keep them, we had to renew it. And we -- our operations team worked really hard to give us flexibility. So we have some services under annual contract and some that we have the option quarter-to-quarter. Now the longest term we have is an annual contract. So if you look out at the three-year program, we have tremendous flexibility. But the nice thing about sitting on top of Coterra's assets and our three business units is we can pivot rather nimbly depending on conditions. Right now, we like where we sit but we are going to look at it continuously during the course of the year.
Tom Jorden: Yes, Arun, I don't have the actual well count in front of me, but it's fairly flat level of activity is what we're projecting. So I think you could really see a level set in terms of the '23 activity going forward. But just an editorial comment, Arun. If there's one thing that many of us have learned is that in this shale era, this stop-start around commodity prices is really damaging to your cost control, the operational cadence. And quite frankly, I think as an industry, we've typically kind of gotten that exactly wrong in terms of when we invest and what we can track. So the nice thing about Coterra is because our assets have such robustness at low commodity prices, we can maintain more of a regular operational cadence. And that's what we're going to do. And that's a strategic pivot for us. It's why we put Coterra together. Now whether that operational cadence has our current rig count or a rig count less or a rig higher, we're going to try to maintain a steady cadence and not wake up every day with our hair on fire when we read the paper. We can afford to prosecute this business the way this business needs to be prosecuted.
Tom Jorden: We do not see a change in our Delaware productivity. One of the big differences as I said in my opening remarks is in 2022 we just drilled a couple of absolutely lights-out outstanding projects. And I'm talking about projects with over 10 wells that average 1,000s of barrels a day. So those are you -- we don’t have tons of those and we drilled a couple of them in '22 and that was part of that productivity in '22. But specifically to your question about well to well interference, when it comes to the Wolfcamp and Harkey, we generally see that as one petroleum system. And there will be some degree of pressure communication between the Wolfcamp and Harkey, depending on where you are in the basin. But we do not see that as a factor that degrades overall well productivity. We typically stage that development within reasonable proximity of time. But our thinking on that matter is that having the two landing zones does not interrupt or impede your overall recovery out of that drilling spacing unit. So we don't see that as a significant issue for the Wolfcamp, Harkey. And I think the big answer to your big question is, over that three-year landscape, we don't see significant change in our Delaware productivity.
Tom Jorden: Well, look, mid cycle is kind of in the beholder. Everybody says the word mid cycle. And we’d rather you didn't ask us what the number was. But you do and we'll answer it. Our current mid cycle is our walking around numbers, 275 natural gas and our assets are really, really robust 275 natural gas. But as we said, Jeanine, we have the ability to move it around. The nice thing about having both a deep oil and natural gas inventory is although we produce a lot of natural gas in the Delaware basin, it's kind of a byproduct. So it's not really a function of a gas price. But right now, our returns are pretty good across our portfolio.
Tom Jorden: Well, we are kind of in a shoulder period natural gas right now, outlook on natural gas. In 2024, we'll have LNG export come online. And so we are kind of in a wait and see mode on natural gas. We're long term very bullish because of the world's need for natural gas, and particularly the world's need for U.S. LNG exports. We're optimistic that that's becoming more and more apparent to more and more policymakers. And we remain ready to accelerate our natural gas assets. We're in the mid 40s on upper Marcellus this year on a total footage. And we've talked openly that the upper Marcellus doesn't have the productivity per foot of the lower Marcellus. That's something that's a fact of our assets; still outstanding, still very good and we're going to continue to develop it as we go.
Tom Jorden: Yes, I've got that in front of me, Doug. We have quite a bit of robustness in our inventory. And we typically run our inventory at multiple price files. I'm looking at a permutation in front of me that's run at $60 oil and $3 gas long term, and $85 oil and $4.25 gas long term. Now I will say when we go to $3 or less, we do assume some reduction in capital. And currently, we say, all right, if we're going to say $60 oil, $3 gas, we're going to take 70% of current capital expenditures. But the $85, $4.25 is at current costs. And so depending on where you want to cut it off, if I say, all right, how much of that hurdles at a 1.25 PVI10, which I think is a reasonable long-term inventory cut off, we've been using 1.5 in one of our disclosure, but I'm going to give you 1.25. At $60 and $3, 75% of our total inventory would hurdle at a 1.25 PVI10. And at $85 and $4.25, 91% of our inventory would hurdle at a 1.25 PVI10. And again, at $85, $4.25, that is the current cost. So we have a fair amount of downside protection on this inventory.
Tom Jorden: Well, Doug, we've heard very mixed signals out of our investor base. Some people want us to do A and some people want us to do B. We've also looked at the market response to the variable dividend and I think that's a strong signal as to what the market is looking for. And then we listen to our critics, and we think about it and we really do have an honest attempt to get better and adopt the best approach. And we think that long term, buyback not only is the best acquisition opportunity in the market when we look at Coterra stock, but it's also highly accretive to our long-term owners, and that kind of checks two boxes. And so I won't tell you it was a casual decision to readjust our priorities. But we're very, very confident that in 2023, it's the right decision.
Tom Jorden: Well, I don't have the answer at my fingertips as far as what we're going to derisk. We are trying to space our upper Marcellus pads around our asset, and we're developing a very good appreciation of how much of it will ultimately be developed. I will say that our viewpoint on that hasn't changed based on everything we've done and collected. There's a lot of drilling in the upper Marcellus. What we're really experimenting with now is longer lateral length, well spacing, different completion designs and how it will behave when we put wells side-by-side. Thus far, we've had great feedback and it's not changed our viewpoint of the asset. And as far as the upper-lower mix in future years, that's governed by a lot of things. We still have a fair amount of lower left and we'll be pivoting back to it. That's more a function of our infrastructure availability, and we're trying to manage that so that we keep our line pressures reasonable and we don't overdrive the system.
Tom Jorden: Yes, I see what you're saying. No, that's -- look, we would love to get our natural gas back on our growth profile and that's just now come of our three-year plan. It's just an outcome of the projects we're drilling, the staging of the completions and what we think it will deliver. It's also a function that the modest extra investments we're putting in the ground this year really do pay off in the next two years. So some of that's just fruits of seeds we're planting this year.
Tom Jorden: Yes. Specifically, Leota/Clark was an outgrowth of a lot of work we've done over the years. We did space those wells a little further apart. One of the things we also learned is to put our wells a little further away from parent wells, and very, very pleased with the results. As we look ahead in our three-year plan, the Anadarko has a few very, very nice projects this year, and then we take a little pause and then we start up January 1 of '24 with additional activity. But as you look at that inventory slide, these are high quality locations really begging for more capital, quite frankly. And the team is making it really hard for us. And as we asked them to do, they've come forward with some really, really nice projects in inventory. And we're just in the progress of trying to manage and embarrass from the riches.
Tom Jorden: Well, if 2.75 were the price, I think that's probably something we'd look at seriously. Our current plan has fairly flat level of activity in the Marcellus and our intention is to solider on. But if we look very carefully at the oil/gas ratio and the return differential, and we're going to pivot and try to find the best returns within our portfolio. The oil/gas ratio last year was 10 to 1. It's currently 30 to 1. And we talked about mid cycle pricing. That mid cycle ratio is really what we're looking at. And we don't want to react -- we don't want to kneejerk near term. We've got the wherewithal to be patient on this.
Tom Jorden: Yes, in that three-year plan, the upper Marcellus is the highest percentage this year that we're currently projecting over the next three years. But in the out years, '24 and '25 and our current plan is the upper Marcellus is going to be about 30% to 40% of our total program. And I will just reaffirm we stand by our statement that that frac barrier is indeed a hydraulic isolation between the two units, which does give us the luxury to stage the development in the most prudent way.
Tom Jorden: Well, I'll chime in and then Blake will come in as well. That 8 to 10 well project size, we didn't come up with that through some deep thinking. It kind of just happened operationally as we look at cycle times. We look at facility design that seemed to be what looked to work. The Delaware is a little different beast than a lot of other basins you'll look at. We have a single pad in the Delaware that we're flowing back -- that is flowing back in excess of 200,000 barrels of water a day, a single project. And so pad design in the Delaware is a function of a lot of things, one of which is infrastructure.
Tom Jorden: Neal, I want to correct myself that projects and pads or one pad is producing 100,000 barrels a day. I said -- I was talking about project. One pad is producing 100,000 barrels a water a day.
Tom Jorden: Yes. Neal, I'm looking at the map right now of our upper Marcellus projects, it's a pretty good scattershot over our acreage. So I think you'll all be pleased with our delineation. I also want to remind everybody that infrastructure is important in these plans, and we'll have a new compressor station opening here in the next year or two in the Marcellus, and that's always an opportunity for further extension.
Tom Jorden: Well, a huge driver is the extra capital we're putting in this year. We're setting some things up for next year that we're quite excited about. But look, we love our Delaware assets. We love all of our assets. And because of oil prices, it just makes sense to put that little extra effort forward this year and reap the rewards.
Tom Jorden: And I'll take that question. Inventory is always an important issue. As I've said in the past, having a long inventory really gives you the opportunity to run your program with only solid financial and operational considerations and not be panicked about some kind of a runway that's short. We have a very deep inventory, and we have the luxury of being able to run our program based on the best financial returns. That said, we're a learning organization and we're constantly looking for opportunities. We would love to find bolt-ons that we could handle our operational teams. We're very proud of our operational teams and their ability to integrate, operate smartly and really bring a hidden value forward. We're going to constantly look. But M&A is a perilous territory. When you typically want to have some advantage, that advantage can be information advantage, it can be operational advantage, it could be geographic advantage. But we're probably not going to be showing up to auctions and trying to outbid people that have the same information we do. So we'll be opportunistic, but we're blessed with the luxury of not having to do something, and that's a nice place to be.
Tom Jorden: But we are also going to make the best decision quarter-by-quarter and be prepared to pivot. We're not making some wholly pledge for all time. What we're saying is we're reaffirming our commitment to return cash to our owners and we think there's a better way to do it in 2023, and we're very confident with our move this morning.
Tom Jorden: Thank you all for joining us. We look forward to executing, showing you that we're doing what we believe, and we're going to deliver what we promise. So thank you all very much.
