Dan O. Dinges: Yeah. Primary goal, really one, two and three, is could we find an area to allocate capital that would compete with the return profile we see in our existing portfolio. And therefore, deliver the returns to our shareholders that would exceed where we're investing capital right now. So, we were indifferent regarding the commodity diversity and looking at the areas, potential competitive landscapes and a lot of areas that we're all aware of. Through an exploration effort, we evaluated every basin that is out there. We looked at, actually, areas that were not necessarily in traditional fairway of the key basins. But all-in-all, and balling all of that up, also looking and evaluating all the M&A transactions that have transpired, we did go through some data rooms and get a good feel for valuations out there and that's based to be able to compare to not only did that meet our threshold of full-cycle returns, but also, did it allow for us to enhance our portfolio of projects on a go-forward spend. And as we continue to do our exploration effort, our guys came up with good ideas that we felt justified further expenditure. And so, when you look at our cost of entry and you look at the possible returns that we see in these two projects and you look at the scale that we're comfortable with being able to develop, we are excited about where we've allocated the capital and we're also excited about moving forward with some incremental testing.
Dan O. Dinges: But you're right. I don't want to be coy on the exploration ideas. But as you appreciate in your – the way you catch the question, we're just not going to talk in-depth about specifics of what we're doing. But I do appreciate the question regarding kind of our thought process on what we're trying to achieve.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we've seen the enhanced cluster spacing. We've loaded a little bit more in the lateral foot basins. We have tweaked our pump pressures and our pump rates and we feel good about what we're seeing in the results and the early time curve. We are, in fact, have seen now a number of wells off of several different pads come online, short time, Michael, knowing that it is again, just kind of near-term cleanup production, 30, 40, 50 days, some of these. But it is exceeding our 4.4 type curve that we came out with at the beginning of the year. So, all those things are, I think, contributing to just our ability to maybe break a little bit more rock, a little bit more near-wellbore conductivity and we're seeing the results.
Dan O. Dinges: Okay. I'll leave the second part of that question to Jeff. But in looking at our allocation of an additional $125 million, if you look historically at exploration budget and you assess the amount that we've allocated in the past, the $125 million is frankly right in line with where we've allocated in the past, less than except the last two years. So, there's nothing unique about that level of capital allocation. When we began our effort of looking at our needs in the future to enhance shareholder value, we look at the Marcellus and the Marcellus is such a low capital intensity asset, i.e. the need for the number of drilling rigs and the need for a number of frac crews to grow our production that we knew we were going to generate a significant amount of free cash. As I mentioned, even in the most punitive realizations Cabot has had in its corporate history, in 2016 we still generated free cash and grew that asset. With this infrastructure build-out that is occurring as we speak and looking at the amount of capital necessary to fulfill all of the capacity of those new projects, it again is not going to take near the amount of free cash – near the amount of capital that we're generating and we'll have the free cash. So, the need to do something with the free cash is an obvious question because we have it. We put that slide together where we've tried to box out and include on slide 13 the number of different considerations that we will consider with our free cash. We will touch on a number of them. We'll touch on, I think, the distribution to shareholders with some of it. We'll also allocate the necessary amount to our Marcellus to grow every opportunity that we get but, again, it doesn't take much capital. And you could see by maintaining 3.7 Bcf flat for 25 years, we don't get much over $500 million, $600 million. So, the free cash is there. We could do all these things that we're talking about. One of the ideas that every company that is in our space, the E&P space – every company out there, and you can look at the hierarchy of valuations and those that you, in your portfolio, you recognize as companies that have significant value and have the opportunity to grow, you give them better multiples and more consideration and valuations and future valuations than you do those that do not grow. Again, we're not in the business to burn capital. We thought we could make a entry into new areas, take a cost-effective look at our opportunity to find new return projects that compete with or exceed what we're allocating capital to right now. And if we are successful in that endeavor, I think Cabot shareholders are going to be rewarded handsomely for the decision.
Dan O. Dinges: I'll turn it to Scott for some, a little color. But the short answer is yes, we'll be free cash flow positive in 2018.
Dan O. Dinges: Yeah. I'll make a quick comment, Phillip, but yes, we're extremely positive about the direction of the differentials, what we're seeing right now in the narrowing has taken place. We gave some brief reasons in the teleconference talk about the reasons why we think that phenomenon has taken place. And yes, we do think it is sustainable. And I think as the build-out occurs, I think we're going to see a better hedge market further out, but I'll let Jeff comment on some color.
Dan O. Dinges: No, Charles. I hadn't given any timeline. But it is in our capital budget that we put out that we would be testing both of these ideas in 2017.
Dan O. Dinges: Yeah. A couple of ways. One, our Eagle Ford has improved as you've seen with the deck we just went through, our efficiency, our cost of business, cost of operations, the return that we are able to deliver and the strip pricing that we have out there right now. We're getting good returns in our Eagle Ford operation. Now, those returns do not compete with our Marcellus operation. So, what our objective in looking out ahead is not only did we evaluate some of the acreage in the Eagle Ford when we assessed where we might be allocating additional capital. But in the areas that we have gone to, we felt comfortable that we would be able to maybe even enhance our return profile in these new areas above what we are seeing in the Eagle Ford. And if, in fact, that is the case, we are going to certainly be pleased with those results. When you look at the other assets that are in the Eagle Ford, that might be in play out there, you have to burden some of that with the full-cycle consideration that we have talked about in other basins where there was a lot of activity. And when you stack that on top, again, you have to measure the full-cycle returns to see if it's what we want on a go-forward basis or do we keep looking someplace else.
Dan O. Dinges: Yeah. On all of that, we have seismic. We do plan on shooting additional seismic. We have control points, subsurface control points that we've incorporated into our interpretation. And the initial process would involve a combination of both verticals to gather core data. And then probably a short lateral to evaluate the section a little bit more thoroughly. So, yeah, and all of that is included within our capital program.
Dan O. Dinges: I'm going to turn it to Steve Lindeman who runs our Eagle Ford operations. But there is a cumulative impact, but I'll let him articulate.
Dan O. Dinges: We are – well, from the last year, not really. We do kind of bring these things on slow. We are able to turn them in line fairly soon after initial completion and we do manage it, but it's not like you might think if it was a high over-pressured reservoir choke management, but we do manage it. And we've been doing that though for over a year.
Dan O. Dinges: Absolutely. Yeah. When we first began well over a year ago, couple years ago, actually, and as the M&A market intensified and the number of deals increased, we were very proactive in trying to understand valuations and understand the dollars that were going into these projects and wanted to evaluate the full-cycle returns. So, we did gather a significant amount of data to look at that, but we had to approach this in a little bit of a unique way because we did have and do have a company that has really good assets. We were growing this company and anticipate further growth, certainly, once the infrastructure gets in place. We were generating free cash even in the most punitive price realization environments that we have seen in years. So, we didn't want to mess that aspect of what we can deliver to shareholders up and confuse the market on whether or not the investment of that any free cash going into another area for a large M&A transaction, what it would do to a full-cycle return profile once you melt it altogether. And we made the decision, actually fairly early on that, that did not return, again, full-cycle the values to the shareholder that we wanted to see. So, we began, continued in earnest, to look for ideas that we thought we could create as a grassroots effort and that's where we have gone.
Dan O. Dinges: And I'm pleased with a couple things. One, I'm pleased with, one, being able to find ideas in this competitive environment that would fit that portion of our evaluation. And again, with a company of Cabot's size, I'm also pleased that we're going to be able to get to the scale that we need to be able to move forward on these projects also.
Dan O. Dinges: The $66 million in the first quarter covers a large percentage of the lease acq [acquisition]. A very large percentage of the lease acquisition. We'll have a little bit more on top of that, but we feel very comfortable that the remaining amount, i.e. the $125 million total budgeted for this effort is going to be adequate to not only cover all of our anticipated lease acq, but also cover the testing phase.
Dan O. Dinges: Yeah. What I had indicated, Brian, was that our focus again, one, two, and three was just on a return, that we were indifferent on the commodity. At this stage, it's looking at, like, that our focus is going to be oil at this time though, where these ideas have floated to the top.
Dan O. Dinges: Yeah, I will – we do have a slide out there that has – I'm thinking we had a slide in one of our presentations that had the market share and our percentage contribution to each indices, but I'll let Jeff handle the other question.
Dan O. Dinges: Yeah. We do plan in 2018 that we'll most likely just be adding a rig and a frac rig. That's all that's going to be necessary to grow into the new capacity. And then the 2018 program, when you look at outside of the Marcellus, the 2018 program is going to take in consideration not only where we are with our Eagle Ford. And again, the gaining efficiencies in return that we see there, but it will certainly be augmented with new data coming from our couple of areas of testing that we're going to do during 2017.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, again, thank you, Phil, and thank you, all, for taking the time for the call. When you look at Cabot, you look at the efficiency of our operation, generating significant free cash, you look at the improving macro environment, you look at the new infrastructure that's coming and now, you layer on top a low cost entry into evaluating a couple of ideas that could mean significant value for our shareholders. I know all of our team is very excited about what we have out in front of us. So, stay tuned. Look forward to visiting with you next July. Thank you.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Yes. If you've been following the other projects in Southwest PA, in Ohio, West Virginia, et cetera, the Notices to Proceed are coming out on a regular basis from the staff. Additionally, we've got some partial Notices to Proceed on Atlantic Sunrise for the mainline construction and you see those pop up about every week and they range from compressor station work to looping and other projects on the mainline.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Yeah, Phillip. I'm probably even the most optimistic in the group. Not only do I think it's sustainable, I think it's encouraging how the market has reacted to the initial onslaught of overbuilt infrastructure in the Southwest part of the play. To me, the best is yet to come on the – with the local demand. Back to your original question, with the local demand in Northeast PA picking up, I mean, who would have thought even a year ago that we'd be supplying two major power generation facilities in mid-2018. So, we're really optimistic that a lot of flowing gas will reach Atlantic Sunrise as opposed to a lot of the development gas throughout the Northeast region, a lot of projects being kicked around on gas-to-liquids, on methanol to gasoline, the CNG with moving around the different utilities up there. So, very optimistic on the basis and how the optionality is going to be improved with all of the infrastructure.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Yeah, Brian. Thanks for the question. I think earlier, I touched on a few initiatives that we're looking at particularly local demand in the region that we operate. The projects that we're looking at are in a somewhat smaller scale attached to our gathering system. There's a lot of ideas floating around the CNG aspect, moving CNG gas to different markets. Also the small peaking power plants, we've added a couple of those just up here in the last few months. We're looking at several larger scale projects with ethanol developers and methane, the gasoline projects. We're also looking at additional market share and teaming up partnership with market on a couple projects. We have not ruled out another pipeline although pipelines are challenging in this environment but we're continuing down that path with, again, a couple of markets. I think the PennEast project is going to allow for some additional development that we're, I would say, in the midst of finalizing negotiations on additional market share there. So, it's exciting up there. There's still a lot going on, a lot of moving pieces and I still expect the landscape to be quite different a year from now in a positive way than even where we sit today.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Okay. So, it really follows along what we've talked about here on this call and a few areas on the local band (47:37). We've got a very active program on market development up there. We've explored a lot of opportunities. We continue to think that having dependable, reliable reserves and the optionality that we have with our infrastructure up there, our gathering infrastructure, gives us a lot of advantages in moving gas to different markets and during different time periods. We went through a number of expansions on the gathering system with our partnership now with Williams and we've really created a unique opportunity for Cabot in allowing our gas to have access to multiple markets even on a daily basis. We've tested this concept. We're able to move gas between pipes to take advantage of pricing but also just to take advantage of capturing market share when a pipeline goes underutilized. We do expect though longer term and even as we enter early 2018 to mid-2018, as our power plants get ready for service and the Atlantic Sunrise project and even further out a little bit, PennEast, we expect to see a lot of flowing gas that's currently on our three major pipelines to fill the capacity that some producer-shippers and market shippers have purchased on these new projects. We think that's going to free up some capacity in the existing pipeline infrastructure and we'll be able to grow some market share, particularly on the pipes that we do business with our customers on a daily basis. So, I guess we're teeing it up to take advantage of what we've participated in, in terms of commitments of FTE and the power generators. But we also think there's a unique opportunity to grow our market share based on what we see on the activity level with our peers and how we perceive the basins, fulfilling the new capacity in the next 18 to 24 months.
