Blake Sirgo: Thanks, Shane. Our team's had another strong quarter of execution in the field. We continue to see increases in our pace of operations. We are drilling faster, fracking faster, and our well performance is meeting or exceeding expectations. This is leading to shorter cycle times, which is supporting production beats. In the Permian, we are currently running eight drilling rigs and two frack crews. Our plan to bring in a spot crew at the end of the year has evaporated due to the high efficiencies we have realized from both our electric crew and diesel crew operating in the basin. Both crews are achieving record pumping hours per day, which is allowing us to do more with less. However, these gains are accelerating modest amounts of capital into the year. This capital acceleration is offsetting our cost savings, which is keeping our 2024 capital guide intact. Efficiency gains are also showing up on the cost side of the equation with our 2024 $1 per foot estimated to come in at $1,065 per foot, which is down 11% from our 2023 cost. This 11% reduction is driven by the combination of year-over-year cost inflation and the efficiency gains we have discussed. In Culberson County, our Windham Row project is on track to meet or exceed our plan, both from a timing and cost perspective. To date, we have 21 wells producing, 25 wells completing, and 11 drilling. Thanks to our drilling team's great performance executing the Row, including a new Culberson record of drilling 6,119 feet of lateral in a day, we were able to add three more Harkey wells to Windham Row. This brings our project well count to 57 wells, including six Harkey wells, which will be co-developed with the Upper Wolfcamp. Additionally, our team has moved the drilling rig to the eastern side of the Windham Row, where we have begun drilling the 16 remaining Harkey wells that overlay the Wolfcamp. These wells are expected to come online in early 2025. Windham Row and expected future row developments in Culberson are the definition of oil field efficiency on steroids. The combination of our grid-powered rigs and frack fleet, centralized facilities and infrastructure, and the recent addition of simul-frac have lowered our Culberson cost structure 10% to 15% compared to our diesel zipper operations we previously ran in the county. Our simul-frac performance on Windham Row continues to beat our projections, and we see simul-fracing as a new weapon in the holster for Coterra in Culberson County. In the Marcellus, we are currently running one drilling rig and one frack crew. We have begun completion operations on our Rayias pad, which is the first of three Tier 1 lower Marcellus pads we will be completing from now through the end of October. We currently have no committed completion activity after these three pads. We have been watching northeast gas markets closely and responding to weak gas prices. Last quarter, we delayed 12 TILs due to softness in local gas markets. During the month of July, we brought on those TILs due to favorable pricing we were able to secure. Unfortunately, we were not able to obtain attractive pricing in August. So yesterday, we strategically curtailed 325 million cubic feet per day gross, 275 million cubic feet per day net across the field. This volume represents the portion of our near-term portfolio, which is exposed to Marcellus in-basin pricing. We continue to monitor northeast pricing and will extend this curtailment as warranted on a month-to-month basis. Furthermore, we are prepared to make further cuts as some of our summer sales commitments roll off in the shoulder season. As you would expect from us, we will continue to make decisions based on economics and value, not volume. In the Anadarko, we are running one drilling rig and recently completed the bulk of our planned 2024 frack activity. Currently, we are flowing back three projects, which are located in liquids-rich portions of our assets. Initial results from these projects look strong, and we look forward to discussing the economics of these projects once we have more production history. The Anadarko has shown its resiliency in 2024. The program remains competitive despite the headwinds in the natural gas market. Our Anadarko assets proximity to Henry Hub provides us some of the strongest gas realizations in our portfolio. Those realizations, combined with significant liquid contributions from NGLs and condensate, buoy our economics, making the Anadarko an attractive place to invest capital. At Coterra, we strive for operational excellence in every part of our business. We believe in safety over production, being good neighbors where we operate, and improving capital efficiency, all of which drives value creation. Our team lives this culture every day. We focus on execution, delivering on what we promised, and never settling for the status quo. And with that, I'll turn it back to Tom.
Blake Sirgo: Yeah Nitin, really what we've seen in Windham Row is our simul-frac performance is meeting or exceeding our projections and that was a real question mark for us coming into it. Transition times on a simul-frac crew, is something we have never done before. And so we were all hoping we can hit the same efficiency we've seen in our zipper transition times, and we've been able to do that and bring that forward. And so, that's why we're increasing the amount of wells that we're simul-fracing on Windham Row. I do see this as something that we will use quite often in Culberson County specifically, because we have the contiguous acreage, we have the high well count per pad that really makes simul-frac work. As far as the other parts of the basin, we're absolutely looking at it. There is an economy of scale that you really want to get with the simul-frac crew. You need to be able to line up a whole lot of wells and have a big chunk of activity to tackle. And so we're looking where we can to use this even more.
Blake Sirgo: Yeah Arun, this is Blake. I'll take that one. I wish I could say we strategically put stronger rock throughout the year, but that's not really how we plan it. We have a lot of governors on our program. Obviously Windham Rose, a big concentrated project that demands a certain amount of CapEx. New Mexico is governed by a lot of things. Chicken season is the big one, and so we're coming out of chicken season, so we'll increase D&C activity, but also third party infrastructure. We have to get very far ahead of that and make sure we can execute those projects. And so it's just falling out where it is more as a planning cycle, not any strategic initiative there.
Blake Sirgo: Yeah, this is Blake. I'll take that one. You know, I don't want to signal to ‘25, but I'll talk about what we're seeing in ‘24. Yes, we have seen some lower field pressures due to our decreased volumes from holding back tills, and that has helped the base production. But we've also had a wellhead compression program that we started a couple years ago in the field. And we're still pretty early on into that, but it's outperforming our expectations as we came into the year. And so the team's really done a phenomenal job optimizing our wellhead program. And frankly, the volumes are just outperforming as we go into ’24, really strong base.
Blake Sirgo: Yeah, this is Blake. I'll take that one. The slide on page seven, I mean, it shows a range of where we could land on that guide. But like Tom said earlier, that's a guide. We haven't committed to those plans that would generate that. Really what's driving our capital efficiency needs right now is the timing. It's efficiency in the field, going faster on all fronts. I'll give you an example. Our diesel zipper crew today completes 40% more footage in a year than it did five years ago. That same crew in Q2, it had a month that averaged 21 pumping hours per day and that was with two moves. We're just really in another step change of pumping efficiency. You see the same thing on our electric crew. You combine that with our pot savings on diesel versus grid power and throw our simul-frac efficiencies on top of that. We're just really in uncharted territory of efficiency gains that we've seen and it's increasing our capital efficiency. And as we build our plans out, those things all get incorporated. We build in our actuals and what we've learned, and then we will – as Tom and Shane both said, when we give our next three-year guide, that will be incorporated. The natural question is always how far can this go? Our D&C team assures me we can't pump more than 24 hours in a day, but we're going to give it hell.
Blake Sirgo: Yeah, David. This is Blake. I'll take that one. It's really what you are hinting at. The way our portfolio works is our incremental volumes, the ones that sit on top, are sold into the really short-term cash markets in the basin. So the rest of our portfolio is a diversified portfolio anchored to all kinds of different indexes, whether it's NYMEX or Power or physical deals with great floors in them. Those netbacks are much higher on the rest of the portfolio. This 275 net really represents the part of the portfolio currently exposed to in-basin pricing. As Tom mentioned, we're kind of looking for north of $1 is what we would like to receive to bring those volumes back on. We do have other parts of the portfolio that are in summer sales right now. Those will roll off in the shorter season, and so if needed, we will have the ability to increase the curtailment. Obviously, we hope it doesn't come to that, but we're ready to do it if it makes sense.
Blake Sirgo: Yeah Michael, this is Blake. The giant rows like Windham Row, that's really going to be unique to Culberson County, just because of the acreage position we have to execute. But we chase economies of scale off our entire program. Wells per pad is a huge driver for us. You go to New Mexico, where we have multiple bin chips to exploit. It might be a small acreage footprint, but we can get a lot of wells on a pad. A lot of these efficiencies, we can carry on to smaller projects, but just not quite the level we can in Culberson County, where we can string together six, seven DSUs and just go camp out, march across, and maximize every one of these little efficiencies. It's pretty unique to Culberson County.
Blake Sirgo: Yeah, this is Blake. I can't give you exact volumes that we could increase. Obviously we have a layered portfolio. We haven't been putting in a lot of long term deals lately, just because of where the markets have been. But all that is considered every time we have anything coming up for expiration. But it'll be more volume. We're not ready to say how much.
Blake Sirgo: Some of the same cycle times we've been discussing in the Permian, we have one cohesive D&C team at Coterra. No one operates in silos around here, and best practices, they chase like wildfire. So all the same things we're doing in the Permian to improve our cycle times and our efficiencies, that's also going on in the Anadarko and the Marcellus. We just don't talk about it as much, because the capital spend is not as high. So you don't see it quite as much. But yes, all the same great things going on with those Permian crews, it's happening in Anadarko and Marcellus also.
Tom Jorden: Yeah, specifically when we're talking about the Windham Row savings, and it's a good market for future rows, we are turning to the higher end of that range, and that's why I quoted 10% to 15%.
Tom Jorden: You know Nitin, if I could just close the gap here. You said, what did we learn? When we launched off on this project, we got a lot of questions. It started out being a 51 well project, and we all have memories of projects in our industry that were over-drilled, perhaps over-promised and under-delivered. And we said at the outset that no, this is very well calibrated. This is just an operational demonstration of what we've already proven to ourselves. And I said here this morning, I'm looking at the production plot. We're obviously not sharing that, but I'm looking at a production plot of the 19 wells that are online. We have over half the wells completed in our initial 51 well bank. It's really – if there's anything, it's reaffirmed our operational ability to get this done. It's reaffirmed our calibration we've brought into it, reaffirmed the reservoir quality, and we are really pleased, and it's reaffirmed our commitment to do these kind of projects.
Tom Jorden: Well look, we're going to update our three-year guide once a year. We're not going to be updating our three-year guide on an ongoing basis. But it's not a three-year plan, it's a three-year guide and this was an argument we had internally when we decided to release it. It's a snapshot of what we think our assets and our organization could deliver based on current conditions. It's not a capital plan that we have committed to in the out years. It's a real plan backed with real locations, real opportunities and real results. But it's also an organic beast, and as we outperform, we're not necessarily going to say, ‘oh my God, we're ahead of ourselves in our three-year plan. We have to pull back in the out years.’ That would be, I think, foolish on our part. So, I know I'm not directly answering your question, Arun, but if we end up blowing through a plan that we released in February, you are just going to have to forgive us for that.
Tom Jorden: You know, we look at our returns. Obviously, you all, I hope, are really tired of hearing us say this, and we're going to continue to tire you out on this. We don't manage by production goals. Well, we look at – look, we look at the world oil markets, we look at U.S. supply, we look at all of that. But mostly, we look at the return on our investment and we say, how low can that oil price fall before we're at or near our cost to capital? And our cost of supply, we have very low-cost assets. We are really delivering robust returns that can stand a lot of price fluctuation.
Tom Jorden: And I think most of you know what Blake is referring to, but we have the prairie chicken habitat in New Mexico, governed by federal rules that prevent us from operating during day like – evening hours in certain parts of the basin. It's something we have to manage around. By our observation, the prairie chicken is doing quite well, but we still respect their habitat and live by the regulations governing it.
Tom Jorden: Well, I'll take that in reverse order. We can move fairly quickly. We're looking at delaying turn-in lines, so that's almost instantaneous, depending on price response. We would like to see netbacks north of a dollar. And yeah, we do have gathering fees, we have transportation fees. And so I would say, in the lower Marcellus, we're probably in a pretty good drilling window if we're north of three, competing with other places in our portfolio. That's on netback. Now I'm quoting in IMAX price there. But the upper Marcellus, I think we'd like to see something in the mid-threes before it's really in the game. And we do have the luxury. I don't want to comment on other companies, but I understand. If all you had was one play, one basin, you're in a bit of a box when things go against you. We've got the luxury of redirecting. And quite frankly, we have the discipline to redirect and I hope you heard my opening comments for what they are. And they are our truth statement of how we look at the business. We are not going to – if we have to lay all activity down to zero and our production declines, that's the right decision. And none of us like it, but the alternative is to destroy capital or to be inefficient with our shareholders' capital, and we're going to seek to our maximum efficiency and best returns. So we're willing to do what it takes.
Tom Jorden: Well, look, we don't think we have ample acreage anywhere. My background is exploration. So look, we would seek to add assets throughout our portfolio if they create value and the problem is, some of the marketplace is just frothy and when you get into paying very low discount rates for future drilling, that's dangerous territory. And so we would seek places where we think we see value that the market doesn't recognize and we do that throughout our portfolio.
Tom Jorden: Well, yeah, I don't want to get drawn into politics, but certainly we live in interesting times. We're going to approach this very constructively. You know, I'll say this. I think it would be naive of us to view the outcome of the election as a straight binary good versus bad. I think that the pressures on this will be different depending on the outcome of the election, but they'll be pressures on us regardless of who wins the election. We have great faith that politicians, they campaign on one set of verbiage and then they get there and they realize, oh my goodness, we have an economy to manage and we have employment to manage, and we have geopolitical considerations and energy security, energy affordability and reality tends to temper a lot of electioneering. So, you know, we're – look, we're Americans first, and whoever is in control of our government, we're going to show up as Americans and do our part to make this country strong. I know that may sound trite, but that's the way we view it. We don't think that it's a simple binary choice quite frankly. I think that this call probably isn't a detailed opportunity to discuss this, but we're going to pressure on this regardless of who wins. It’ll just come from different places and we're looking, thinking ahead. We'll be ready.
Tom Jorden: On the second half of your question, there is not a level of activity where we think we need to hold momentum there. And that says if we were, and we haven't made this decision, but if we were to lay down drilling and completion activity, there's a certain ramp up to get that back. Now we'd have deferred turn in line, so we could respond. But you've heard me say before that we would do that, because we think it's prudent and we would rather miss some of the upside when we're on ramping than fully participate in the downside, and that's going to be our approach. All of our business units have zero-based budgeting. We look at the world fresh and we make the best decisions we can.
Tom Jorden: Yeah David, on the Windham Row, we have not completed any of the Harky wells yet. We've got some drilling and we have – as Blake said, we're coming back overfilling that row, but we don't have any completed Harky wells on Windham yet. Again, we do expect strong performance out of those based on calibration, but we haven't completed any yet.
Tom Jorden: Well, Culberson County is unique to Delaware Basin. When you get up into New Mexico, it's pretty crowded. But Culberson County is a huge contiguous block of acreage that we operate, and so it really provides amazing operational flexibility, not only for configuring drilling projects such as the Windham Row, but controlling our own infrastructure, and that would include saltwater disposal, gas gathering and compression, and our electrical grid has had benefits that quite frankly, we didn't fully anticipate when we made those decisions to control our own destiny there.
Tom Jorden: Yeah, we don't have rock-solid conclusions, but some of the science experiments that we ran were actually on the eastern side of the row, and we did see a little bit of interference between the Harkey and Wolfcamp. Now, I said on our last call that even if we ignored this, these Harkey wells still are very, very attractive opportunities. But we believe that we may have a little better recovery if we co-develop. Now, we had quite a debate, because we don't think we have rock-solid conclusions there, but we said, look, while we're still collecting data, let's change our default option to be co-developing, because we certainly don't think that does any harm. So therein lies our approach. Until we see otherwise, our default option is going to be co-develop where we can. So we don't expect to see any significant degradation because of the timing of when we're coming back there, and we'll continue to update you as we gather more data and make our conclusions.
Tom Jorden: Well, Matt, we're not prepared to talk about ‘25 because we haven't – we just haven't crystallized those plans yet. But I hope I was clear from my opening remarks that my answer is hypothetically, yes. To the extent that we don't have lease commitments, to the extent we don't have vendor commitments or marketing commitments, we would be prepared to pivot capital anywhere to the highest productive use. So yeah, the scenario you laid out would be a possibility amongst many others.
Tom Jorden: You know, Matt, I just want to say one quick, make one quick point, that I don't want it lost on the audience. When we say flexibility is the coin of the realm, that means a lot of things to us. It obviously means quality of assets, ability to have online real calibration of your economic results, willingness to pivot your capital. But all of that is made possible by flexibility in our vendor commitments. Blake and his team worked really hard during the past year and the year before it, to make sure that we weren't locked down with annual contracts that prevented our flexibility. We have great relationships with our vendors that wouldn't have been easy with a different vendor set. But good relationships mean we trust them, but they also trust us, because of how we behave to one another. So I just cannot tell you how important it is to us that we have vendor relationships that allow us to lay down activity and then pick it up. We're not locked into long term contracts. Quite frankly, if you look at the landscape, you are going to find that that is not universally true, but it's true for Coterra, and we worked hard to get ourselves in that position. It's a testament to Blake and his team.
Tom Jorden: No, nothing that would change our thinking. I will say the last batch did exceed our longest shut-in time that we've ever had in the Marcellus. So there was some questions going around on the team on, all right, we're kind of in uncharted waters here. What's going to happen? Luckily, the wells look great. When we opened them up, they performed wonderfully. We were able to get all the water off of them just like we hoped, and the production results were really strong. So I think if anything, maybe it kind of reinforces our ability to keep wells shut-in longer.
Tom Jorden: That's a hidden benefit of being a multi-basin operator and being an operator that has fluid and open communication across our platform. That a good idea in any one part of our organization spreads like wildfire. Being a multi-basin operator makes us a better operator in all three basins.
Tom Jorden: Well, I want to thank everybody for joining us. As always, we prefer talking about results than undifferentiated future promises, and we intend to work hard to continue to deliver them. So, thank you very much for joining us this morning.
Shane Young: Yeah, I would just add, we're trending as you said, kind of at or slightly above 100% in the first six months of the year. It's interesting, if you just look at our base dividend and assume no more buybacks for the rest of the year, it gets us to about 68%, almost 70% of return for the full year. And again, we're not going to pre-guide anything for the third quarter or the balance of the year, but I would say we continue to see our shares as a very attractive opportunity that we'll continue to talk about and we're likely to continue to be active in that market.
Shane Young: As I said in my comments, I think we're well-positioned to meet or exceed the plan that we looked at, at the beginning of the year.
Shane Young: Yeah. Well listen, I would say for the year we’re going to be a full cash tax payer. We anticipate that's what the latest quarter showed for us as well. I think a couple of calls ago we talked about some of the changes in the code, some of the 2017 tax reform roll off and first and foremost was the R&D tax credit and the R&D expense deduction process, and that's probably what moved us from being in that 10% to 20% range of deferred down to zero. That will ultimately unwind or normalized as it goes from a full year expense to a five-year straight line, but that's going to take a couple of years to get to that. So I think longer term, you'll see deferred tax move back up, but over the near term we're going to be a pretty full cash tax payer.
