Dan O. Dinges: Well, Drew, we have -- with our current capital guidance that we've given, we have several areas that have been included in that capital exposure that are exploratory in nature. And if, in fact, those are areas that yield returns that are competitive with our existing projects, we will consider expanding into those areas. At this time, we have also continued to pick up some acreage in the areas that we operate. And -- but we do not have plans and are not focused on buying a bolt-on in an area that we are not currently exposed to.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, the well cost, again, when you look at the average and you look at the nets that we have and 100% working interest wells, the increase on the drilling side is typically not that substantial because the drill rates and penetration rates are so robust. But the incremental ad that we have will be by virtue of more stages in those longer laterals. And in our pumping services, we are -- we have very good contracts on our pumping services, and the uptick will be a direct proportion to the incremental number of stages. So I would say probably anywhere from $250,000 to $500,000 on some of the expanded wells that we drill.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, on -- and we've gone to and we've still used, as we have highlighted in our discussion points in our presentation, our '14 Bcf well, for example, in the Marcellus is around this $6-plus million range. In the Eagle Ford, we have highlighted, and particularly in our press release with the most recent drilling that we've been able to do and particularly on, we're on a pad right now. We haven't gotten to TD, but we're drilling pad wells there with a walking rig. And we think, again, reiterating what I've said in the release, that we think we're going to be saving, just on the drilling side, $500,000 to $600,000 per well in the Eagle Ford. And we think we're going to get our well cost below the $7 million range.
Dan O. Dinges: Yes. It is a little bit of an aberration as we go into '14, and there is a couple of reasons for that. The couple of reasons that make the majority of impact is, one, through '13, we had a significant level of joint venture wells that we operated and we drilled in our joint venture with Osaka. So from a net perspective, we had a number of gross wells in there, but we didn't net out the higher percentage because of Osaka's interest. Additionally, by virtue of the sale of the Marmaton up in Oklahoma, we had a number of nonoperated wells up in the Marmaton that we participated in. And we also had on the operated wells, we also were anywhere from, say, 35% to 85% working interest in the operated wells. And that was one of the reasons why we elected to refocus into our core areas where we have blocked acreage and where we can have greater efficiencies at 100% operated wells going forward. We do anticipate that by virtue of, again, having to anomalous events, the JV in the Pearsall and the sale of the Marmaton, that we will have a much, much higher working interest percent on average than we have in the past.
Dan O. Dinges: Okay. It's a good question, Doug. And the industry, as a whole, has certainly been pushing the limits of extended laterals and reduced spacing on frac stages. Some other ideas being tried is increased profit per stage. I think it is true, we'll continue to tweak and try different ideas that would enhance the efficiencies. In our Eagle Ford operation, as an example, we had averaged 4,000 or 5,000-foot type laterals in a pad that we are currently on right now. We are going to average out to 9,000-foot on those particular Eagle Ford locations on that pad. How much further you get out is at least, in our sense right now beyond 9,000 feet, is going to be pushing it with current technology and current efficiencies to be able to assure yourself you're getting effective fracs at the tow stages. But nevertheless, as you can see going straight from 5,000 to 7,500 or 9,000, certainly, is a step further out in the Eagle Ford. In the Marcellus, we continue to extend our average lateral lengths in those particular wells. And we have some wells that we have planned for '14 that would allow us to put, say, place 40-or-so stages in a particular well. So we are extending them out further, but it's not going to be as aggressive of increase as you have seen in the past, by industry as a whole, I might add.
Dan O. Dinges: Yes. Charles, that's a good question. We have, again, on one of these pads we're on, we have drilled 6 of the top holes on a 6-well pad, and now we're going back and we're starting the laterals on that 6-well pad. As a placeholder, we had completed a 4-well pad. And we completed that 4-well pad that had a measured depth of 58,000 feet, and we completed it in 58 days. So pretty simple 1,000-foot average throughout 4 wells on a -- on that particular pad. So I don't know if that will hold true, Charles, as we get out even further with the lateral lengths. But that kind of gives you a benchmark to work with.
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, we will. Yes. And just one other quick point, Charles, on that. And that's the reason I kind of said, well, when we come out with the data, we will probably have something at our year-end call in February, we would hope, a little bit more color on results of these wells. But the 6-well pad is probably not going to be a great -- a lot of time on that particular pad site, but we should have some more color, certainly, on our year-end call.
Dan O. Dinges: Well -- and I'll let Jeff just add some brief color to it. But I will say this. I looked at it, and we had our board meetings, of course, yesterday and the day before, and we kind of glanced at it. One of the indices was up $0.72. Again, volatility is the name of the game. But -- and we ran through a lot of sensitivities, as I mentioned, in the little talk here. And we think it's going to be volatile. There is going to be times when we don't like the number, and there's going to be times that we can catch up. And through all that sensitivity, we feel like the range that we've given is supportive. And not only that, with the type of wells that we're drilling and the unit cost discounts that we're seeing, our return profile for this program is going to be significant. And in fact, if you back up a little ways and you take the noise out that's been most recently discussed in regard to the most recent past differentials, our returns are probably going to compete against returns that we had when we didn't have this differential noise. Yes, I'll let -- I think Jeff wants to make a comment also, Charles.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, Pearce, one of the things -- one of the processes and procedures that we're going to be able to get to in our '14 program is that the examples of pad drilling that we've been discussing. And pad drilling means getting to the 6, 8, 10 wells per pad, maybe 12, 14 wells per pad. But the opportunity at that time will allow us to try multiple ideas on that particular pad that would be -- allow us to look at analogous similar geology, and the information and gather -- and data points we get from that similar geology will allow us to maybe make a little bit better interpretation of what the results are telling us. So in some of the things that we're going to try to accomplish, which are going to be reduced spacing in the Lower Marcellus. We'll have also the Purcell test. We'll have the Upper Marcellus test. And we will look at the -- any other ideas that we have in additional rocks that might be something for the future. So that's the time we're going to do that, Pearce. Yes. And I would say towards the end of '14, we would be able to give you some additional color on all those points.
Dan O. Dinges: One, on the operational side, I don't see anything that is going to deter us from achieving the volume rates that we have forecast. Operationally, we have the -- one, we have a significant level of wells that we're going to roll into '14 and a significant number of stages in those wells that we roll into '14. And with the level of drilling that we have between now and then and the addition of the seventh rig, I think we are going to be able to meet or exceed the guidance that we've given with our operations program. The length of laterals, the number of stages and our ability to secure the pumping fleets up there are all within our reach, and I see no issues in regard to that. The 30% to 50% guidance we gave, as I've kind of talked through in the teleconference write-up, we are -- we're looking at the -- all the sensitivities on us pulling off, even throughout the full year, us pulling off production that would be representative of some of our day gas. So even in light of that, we have a significant opportunity to meet or exceed our production guidance. So I'm -- any key milestones, it's really going to be conducting our operations as effectively and efficiently as we have in the last few years.
Dan O. Dinges: There's not anything in the midstream that is going to be a critical path item for us to be able to achieve our higher rates that we forecast. In fact, at the end of '14, we will have in the form of compression, dehydration and our measurement capacity, 3.4 Bcf available to us.
Dan O. Dinges: Okay. I appreciate that. Well, the feedback we get from the North region personnel is it's all their completion technique.
Dan O. Dinges: But to quantify that, we do things in our completion operations up there. We were first movers. We discovered the Northeast Pennsylvania, Marcellus, and we have developed it with the first drilling up there in that particular area. And we have a core group, extremely talented individuals that have paid attention to it and have done their tweaking and evaluation. And so I certainly think what we do has some bearing on it. But I also think that the Marcellus that we drilled in our particular area is uniquely thick compared to the rest of the Marcellus you see across the entire state and into West Virginia. The maturity of it is at a perfect maturity that allows it to have a very low amount of connate water frac-ing. And viability of that allows it to be extensively fractured with the fracs that we put on it. And I think the recoveries that we get up, in place reserves as a result of that, and not having any water in the system and any concerns about permeability issues down the road, we are in the absolute best spot you can find, as far as reservoir quality.
Dan O. Dinges: We haven't looked at the Henry Hub, except to say that, on average, we are going to be between the, say, $3.80 and $4.
Dan O. Dinges: They were at -- they were scattered throughout our areas. We had a pad site to the northeast, not just east, but to the northeast. We had a pad site to the south and southwest, and so they were scattered throughout our area. And by the way, they were in 4 different townships.
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, I'll let Matt Reid respond to that and kind of give you maybe what we produce to date, and it's still performing well.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we have got our spacing down. Some of our -- a small portion of our '12 program had the 200-foot stages spacing. And all of our 13 wells and our wells going forward are going to have that phasing -- spacing. And when you look at what we do on the completion side, again, back to the comment I made on, I think, to Jeffrey was that -- or Bob, the guys up there have continuously tried different techniques and processes on our completions and we have a good database right now and we try different things all the time.
Dan O. Dinges: Gil, it's a good question. We have certainly capacity. And in fact, I think today's rate is probably a rate that is higher than maybe we've seen. But the result is that we do have -- we do have volumes that are upcoming with some robust completions that we expect that we have risked, if you will, on the production profile we've included in our forecast.
Dan O. Dinges: Oh, okay. Yes, all right. Yes, Gil. Well, that is a -- like I've mentioned before, once we do get on some pads, we will be looking at reduced spacing. We will and, in fact, we have drilled a couple of wells that have gone down to 800-foot, and we will continue to look at what we think is a very optimal spacing. But that is the plan to continue to reduce from the 1,000 feet we have right now to something less.
Dan O. Dinges: No, we don't have the pipeline yet hooked up out there, Jack. I know we're still waiting on that. And the anticipation is that, that we would be able to get it hooked up this quarter, and we still believe that to be the case. But again, we did -- these are pads that are outside of the area where the majority of our drilling has taken place. And as I mentioned, they're in 4 different townships.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, the -- some of the purchases that we've done has just been by virtue of some of the small tracks picking up the lessors that have, or the mineral owners that have desired to wait until there is going to be a well drilled near them and in the event they lease on them. And we have picked up some acreage in that regard throughout the year along those lines. There, as far as a bolt-on piece of acreage that we could buy, we're not negotiating any at this time.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, on the flowbacks and what we see early-stage time on the wells that we have brought on, we feel very comfortable that we're going to have increases in those wells based on what we've seen through our other wells. And the fit on the production curve is going to tell us fairly quickly that we can expect a better EUR. There's nothing that we see right now that's going to deter us from our position that EURs will be higher in '13 than they were in '12.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we kind of look at what the production curve fit is for our normal wells out there, and we use that curve fit and roll it all the way through the year to come up with our production profile. So from that sense, the EUR is applicable when used in what we forecast. But I'm not sure I'm answering your question though, Gordon.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, I think the guidance we've given is robust. I think the guidance we've given is going to be in the top of the class. And we've kind of made a statement in the past, Gordon, that if we wanted to grow by putting in, say, we put in another spot crew in for 4 months and we average a number of stages that we complete in a day is, say, 6, well, I can assure you that if that's what we wanted to do, that we could really increase our production profile. So I'm comfortable with the range that we're in, and I think you've seen in our past guidance that we have been probably a company that has underpromised and overdelivered, and we're not going to change our methodology.
Dan O. Dinges: Yes. Well, I'll start and I'll pass it to Jeff. But, Robert, when you look at the space and you look at differentials, there's going to be a number of things that between now and '17, and I know that's not the term that you've talked about, but between now and '17, now and '16, now and '15, that will make a difference in the takeaway capacity. In particular, up in our area in the northeast. But if you look at some of the things that are going on away from us and you look at, maybe, the intangible benefits, those are going to have an impact on us also. There was a question earlier in the Q&A session, talked about are there anomalous events that have created a burden on differentials in this period. Well, if you go back and you look at the southwest part of the state, there was a period of time that there was a purchase of a lot of the Rex gas to be able to move gas and comingle with the volumes in the market that exasperated, if you will, the problem. And some of that was a result of some dominion issues that they had and maintenance things that they had down there. That had a direct impact during the third quarter that we don't think is going to be another recurring event. We think that there is a move of foot to reverse Rex and take southwest gas in the west direction. And we think there's projects that are going to be going down and alleviating some gas that is currently flowing east, to flow in other directions from other areas. We think Gulf Coast gas is going to be finding different homes versus flowing on the long-haul pipes up into the east. But as far as pipeline negotiations, I'll turn it over to Jeff. And he can, maybe, make more detailed sense out of what I just said.
Dan O. Dinges: So we'll have -- both areas will have a significant inventories out in front of us, the 400-foot spacing in the Eagle Ford. We have over 500 locations, and we have 3,000 locations in the Marcellus. And we're stacked in multiyear inventory based on the number of wells that we project to drill in '14.
Dan O. Dinges: No. We're going to have 7 rigs running. So when you drill several wells from a pad, and you're -- and you have more rigs, say, 7 versus 6, we would expect that, just by nature, you're going to have some drilling activity happening on now 7 pads versus 6, that's going to have wells that will be in the near-term backlog and in the Q waiting to be completed. So yes, we think that will build a little bit. And we also think that, obviously, the number of completed wells and completed stages will be increased also.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, there's a lot of different pilot programs being conducted in the Eagle Ford, different areas. Of course, each area is unique with its own unique geology. But we have 400-foot spacing and results from 400-foot spacing that we're comfortable with. We will try wells slightly closer and see if there's merit to that. But certainly, at this stage, we're very comfortable with the data we have at 400 feet.
Dan O. Dinges: Okay. Thank you, Emily. Appreciate the questions. I hope that we were able to clarify how we arrived at our projections in our guidance and the supporting data that we used to determine that. And I think the focus has been, for the last 6 or 8 weeks, intently on the differentials. I think if you combined what our program offers and the continuing efficiencies that we deliver in our program, not only with the longer laterals and reduced cost, but our unit costs are going to continue to go down. And I think the bottom line and the measure of what you might be able to accomplish and yield return for the shareholders, I think, should be measured on what you can deliver in your report card at the end of the year. And with what we've seen in '13 so far, and what we see coming in the fourth quarter of '13, I think we will be able to deliver a report card at the end of the year that will be very robust and indicate what type of capital efficiency our program yields. Additionally, with what we see in '14 and the enhancements and improvements we see through our program in '14, I am very confident that we'll be able to deliver an equally impressive report card at the end of '14. Thanks for your attention. Goodbye.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Yes, Charles, I'll get a little more specific with your question. The Leidy Line that you're speaking of has seen, I think, a great improvement just in the last week. Although I will say it's been improving in the last 6 weeks little by little, as Tennessee has improved as well and demand has improved in some of the other pipes. I think on the Leidy Line, the volume of gas that reaches that pipeline is pretty much at its max. So the pipe is full. What's been missing up there has been the demand. And now the demand piece has shown up, we're going to see improved price in there. And in fact, I think yesterday's gas day was maybe $0.05 under NYMEX, so a big improvement. And then on Tennessee, with that pipeline opening up on November 1 with the new capacity in the Bcf a day, since we'd want them -- about 300 went west, about 700 went east, the transportation opportunities and the path has opened up. And we've seen a big improvement there. Not quite like Transco's Leidy Line, but we expect to see, as winter progresses, more flattening of that basis as well.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Okay. Yes, particularly in the third quarter, we had, I wouldn't call it as bad as a perfect storm scenario, but we have a number of scenarios that changed the dynamics of pricing, particularly on Tennessee. They had some -- obviously, they had construction all summer to facilitate new capacity coming on November 1. So that was hammering some of the areas that normally did not see reduction in capacity. We also had folks taking gas off Tennessee trying to get to other locations that were already full, and so that also intensified the problem. We had some -- the weather, I don't want to harp on how mild the weather was, but the lack of power-gen on that particular pipeline is very sensitive to demand regarding whether, both winter and summer. So we have that concern at the same point. There was obviously a little bit of new production that came on, that also added to that scenario. But overall, we think that with this new capacity and normal weather conditions, that will return to a more historic-type basis.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Yes, Brian, the 65% for 2013, we're going to look at growing that number for 2014 just because of the production growth. And so what I'm trying to say is most of the next round of contracts pertaining to the production growth will be tied to NYMEX-based contracts. So it's pretty much as simple as that. As far as what's going on in '14 compared to '13, we -- as we've talked about before, we took great lengths to put together all of our portfolio of contracts and transactions to be able to supply you with this range for pricing going forward. If you tried to compare that to pricing in 2013, I know we were relatively flat in NYMEX in quarter 1 and quarter 2. And then you saw the results for quarter 3, and we're probably pretty close to our guidance for 4. So you can kind of work the numbers from there.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Yes. Biju, we have -- it's an ongoing process for us as we look at different options getting out of Susquehanna County. I think you'll -- if you follow the open seasons, by the compliance, particularly the nonbonding open seasons, you see a lot of projects around drawing boards that get gas out in Northeast PA, particularly to the Carolinas, to the mid-Atlantic area and additional pipe. More in, obviously, the Constitution and into New York here in November. But I think the other thing that's a little bit missing from the equation is all the new projects in Southwest PA that will move gas most likely to Canada and obviously back on racks. And all the backhaul projects and pipe reversals that are going on there will also influence the Northeast production and probably obtaining more market share of the projects I mentioned previously. So it's ongoing. We have a number of ideas and it's -- we hope to expand on that in the next few months.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Yes. Probably bad choice of words, the next few months. These projects take a long time to develop. And I think the pipelines are putting them together as we speak. We're trying to make decisions on which projects are best for us. And then if it's more than one, just what share of those projects that we participate in. So it's ongoing. There's more than a dozen that would benefit us directly. And so we're in an evaluation stage at this point.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Okay, Jack. What we're telling the world here is that we have a Bcf a day of gas already placed for the winter period. That's November through March of this year and first quarter of 2014. When we say placed, we mean we have that wet gas under contracts and similar-type contracts that we always have with splits between different indices, but primarily based on NYMEX. And then that we have approximately 900,000 a day for the summer period, that's April through October. It's already under contract. So those are all firm sales. And for the most part, we've utilized the majority of our firm transportation with those sales. So we think we're in pretty good shape with a large majority of our gas already under contract.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Okay. Yes, it's certainly dynamic times. It's actually kind of fun at this point to be involved in so many projects and also be in the position to offer up a substantial quantity of gas dedicated to some of these projects. So we are involved in practically every single one of them in some way, shape or form. We think smaller positions and some make more sense to us. But we also think the region, in general, needs a larger stroll out of it. And there's obviously several very large diameter pipes planned to leave the area. You mentioned Atlanta. Obviously, there's discussions around that particular city. There is in Birmingham, Alabama, all the way from Susquehanna County to Birmingham on the Atlantic Sunrise project that we're very interested in. First, negotiations themselves. Obviously, you want to be involved in a project that you think will work and has constructibility aspects to it. And also, we want to make sure that the pipelines that we participate in are kind of slam dunk in terms of FERC approvals, those sorts of things. So we work very hard to that end to make sure those things happen. I don't think you'll see those, any of the projects that are on the drawing board right now who have progressed to almost to the prefiling stage of FERC be built in 2014. But I do think in 2014 with the projects that are coming on in November of this year, that we'll have spare capacity through that period of time. That's why we're pretty confident that we're not going to see some of the issues that plagued us in the third quarter. So with the current spare capacity coming on combined with 2015 projects that we know about, and I'll put Constitution out there for just a moment and try to give you a timeline for how these projects get built, we came up with a concept, the Constitution in November 2011. So it's been 2 years. But the good news there is it's just 17 months away. And in the pipeline world, that's not far. And it's going to open up a whole new world for us and others. And so these projects are kind of a 3, a 3.5-year horizon on completions. But keeping in mind, the Bcf that's coming on November was started about 3 years ago, and here we are. So they're ongoing. And again, I think we're in a very good position to be able to be a shipper on a number of projects.
