Dan Dinges: Okay, you're right on the capacity increase that we'll see by July '12 is the 550 million, and that's the pipe and the compression. And as far as the timing of filling that additional capacity, we have not -- obviously, have not put out our guidance. And we would hope to be able to put our guidance out in October of this year. I think one of the reasons we have made the decision to use some of the proceeds from the asset sale is the clarity and visibility and comfort we have now in getting some of these infrastructure capacity in place.
Dan Dinges: Exactly. And some of the clarity around that point is that now when we talk about the Springville line, it's running from our Lathrop station in and around an area we've done majority of our drilling. When I mentioned Laser, it's to the north, and we have now have some additional drilling. In fact, I have a frac crew up in that particular area as we speak. But we haven't done a lot of drilling up in that area, and then when I talk about the Lenoxville compressor, that's to the east of our Lathrop station on the Tennessee 300 line, we have done some drilling over there, but we plan on doing incremental drilling in those 2 additional areas to add the capacity to meet the expectation.
Dan Dinges: Some of the plan that we have to present at our October board meeting is the bottoms-up build budget that the regions are doing. And that budget build will take in consideration these capacity and takeaway opportunities that we have aligned the drilling, along with the frac crews to be able to position and coordinate and be as efficient as we possibly can to fill those particular volumes. So I have not gotten the final run from the regions yet on how many frac crews that we'll have. But certainly, we anticipate being able to frac more wells and add half a crew, 2 crews, 2.5 crews, whatever the number is.
Dan Dinges: We're still evaluating the -- not only the zones shallower but also slightly deeper than our Marcellus. And we really, at his stage, don't have a whole lot of color to add, Brian, but we -- you can be assured that we are evaluating it.
Dan Dinges: No, with the depth of the wells and our early expectations, we anticipated having to put it on pump. And what slowed it down considerably is just the timing of doing all of this, but we did anticipate putting it on pump this early.
Dan Dinges: We have not tested the wells, as I mentioned, we just have moved the frac crew in up there. But we anticipate fairly robust rates.
Dan Dinges: Well, I think it would be fair to ask if they'll be able to get some completions up there and then be able to report back based on the factual data of what our best expectation would be.
Dan Dinges: Yes, and to address it through expectations, we have, in our guidance, included some of those volumes to be free flowing into the Laser connection. And as we did previously on the expectations of Springville line and other improvements to the infrastructure, we pushed our expectation of startup date out a little bit, just simply to be able to plan for weather and delays in the construction process. And the guided volumes that we have free flowing and expect to free flow into Laser is no exception to maybe our conservative approach to lay out guidance.
Dan Dinges: The capacity of the Laser line is 50 million a day in free flow. That is starting in October. So that would be really 3 months, and the guidance has incorporated the expectation that we anticipate flowing up there.
Dan Dinges: That would be tacked on the end of our drilling program for 2011, and I would venture to say that all of those wells would not -- not any of those wells will be seeing as far as production in '11. It will be a 2012 event.
Dan Dinges: Michael, you -- and again, the way you model it and the way you probably have modeled it -- each year, we do have wells that we carry over. For example, from 2010 to 2011, we had drilling wells that we had in '10 that we carried over as completions in '11, and we have some carryout wells out of '11 into '12. But I think with your comment on the capital efficiency and working down the backlog in '12, Phil and his guys have been working on this 2012 program. And as we continue to improve our efficiencies, do those things that now we can start looking forward to improving on, I do anticipate our capital efficiency to improve. And I kind of think it is. So I know that might not answer your question directly, but I do anticipate working the backlog of wells off. But I also anticipate having a larger capital program up there that would allow us to stay, if you will, ahead of the game.
Dan Dinges: Yes, let me throw out some numbers. A frac crew will -- and we're using rough numbers, a frac crew is going to deliver completed 60 to 70 stages a month. That's kind of a -- and that's probably full year, probably better in the summer, maybe not quite as good in the winter. So that would give you a little bit of a benchmark to use in trying to answer that number. But I think, looking at a backlog or an inventory something along half of what we're carrying right now might be a reasonable expectation.
Dan Dinges: We've been -- of course, we have on -- on the inflation side, we have locked in our services on an annualized basis. We are talking and looking at extended contracts into our 2012 program. But knowing our average cost per well very dependent upon the total lateral lane and the number of stages, and we have not seen a great deal of difference in those costs. I would anticipate, at some point in time, to gain efficiencies with keeping a rig, maybe on location, a little bit longer to drill more wells on location adds efficiencies versus drilling maybe 1 or 2 wells per pad. I think we're gaining efficiencies on our construction of our pad sites. We're recycling 100% of our flowback water and also our drill water now. And we're reusing that, so that is creating some efficiencies for us. And we're looking out the logistics of moving water up there which is a fairly big cost to improve on those types of logistics. So we're doing things to keep the cost as they are or in fact reduce the cost up there. So our cost per well, per stage, if you will, has not changed dramatically.
Dan Dinges: No, the 5 wells came online, each of them over 20 million a day for an IP 24-hour rate. And if you combine what those wells we're producing on the 30-day rate, that rate for those 5 wells total combined is 100 million cubic foot per day.
Dan Dinges: They were -- they varied but they were anywhere from 16 to -- or 15 to 21. And yes, so you can do the numbers on the frac stages.
Dan Dinges: Yes. Our 2010 program was basically an average of 14 stages per well. And then as we drive our 10 Bcf EUR expectation, we have more data on our 2010 wells in the production. And honestly, the decline curves. And we've been very pleased with what we've seen on the curve fit compared to our 10 Bcf EUR. Our 2011 program, we anticipate the average number of stages to be somewhere between 15 and 16 stages as an average on our '11 program. So I can't and do not have the information to make and speculate on the EUR prediction for our 2011 program. The only thing I will say is that on a per stage basis, and seeing the consistency that we've seen from the wells that we've completed, we have been very pleased. And we don't have a large delta between in the detailed way we assess production on a stage basis.
Dan Dinges: Well, I don't know, I'm not going to break it down that low, but the 5 wells that we brought on, all good wells -- and we're, mid year, we already wells that brought on in '10. I mean, in '11, we're kind of our wells that we completed that were 2010 wells that we completed in 2011, those were early wells we brought on. And now we're getting to drilling and completing some of our 2011 wells, and these 5 wells that we brought on were some of the early wells in our program. And we're seeing, again, consistent results on a per stage basis and we're seeing anywhere from 800,000 to 1 million plus per stage.
Dan Dinges: Yes. We have not, and I'm going to turn it over to Steve Lindeman to fill that, Eric. But to kind of cover for him a little bit, I'm sure he hasn't incorporated now, our total decline from the sale of our Rockies. But I'll let him take a shot at it.
Dan Dinges: Well, I appreciate you asking that Robert. But on those type of projects that as you can appreciate, the competitive aspects of any liquids idea. I know timing doesn't disclose any or a lot of information, but we would prefer to talk about the information after we have secured data versus speculating on timing.
Dan Dinges: All right. Thank you, Stephanie. And thank all of you who have joined us and stuck with the call up to this point. The takeaways, just to kind of reiterate, I think we've done a decent job on keeping our capital discipline. And like our guidance, increasing even in light of asset sales and the redeployment of the capital into our key areas in the Marcellus, Eagleford and Marmaton is going to set us up well for year-end reserves and also early in increased expectations in '12 for production. I'm very pleased that we're going to have a Bcf capacity takeaway within a year from today and in 2012, with Matt and Phil staying here. And I'm sure the numbers are going to give us, so we can talk to the board that will show reserve growth, production growth. And I would imagine and that it's going to be certainly within a cash flow neutral program and most likely a cash flow positive program in 2012. And certainly, I couldn't ask any more from the team. I appreciate your interest. Thank you.
