Dan O. Dinges: Well, we'll continue to have a backlog simply by the nature of drilling from pads and how the gathering lines are being hooked up to completed pads. We have a significant effort to get those gathering lines to those pads that have been completed, but that will continue to have a backlog. In regard to -- certainly, we're gaining the efficiencies from just the 24-hour crew implementation out there. We do not expect there to be a great deal of reduction in the CapEx because we're going to continue to -- because of the average stages per month, we're going to continue to complete as many stages as we had originally planned, even bringing another crew in for a period of 2012.
Dan O. Dinges: We've had a lot of confidence probably certainly more than maybe some of the comments that we've heard. We've had a great deal of confidence in our acreage position. We are drilling wells in all areas of our acreage position. It's just the ability to get those wells hooked up. And flowing would be delayed somewhat just because of the distance from the compressor stations that we're putting in and the interstate pipeline. But we would gain the data from those particular wells by simply the drilling, which we have.
Dan O. Dinges: Yes. We've been flowing back. The wells, I would say, have cleaned up very nicely. We have -- and we'll provide color both on the micro-size work that we did and the offset wells and the monitoring there. That was positive to our thesis that the upper Marcellus is not being drained, the Lower Marcellus completions. We are flowing back those wells as we speak. And we anticipate us giving more color on that, I would say, within 45 to 60 days. But so far, so good.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we're -- that's one of the data points that we're looking at on whether or not the proximity of the zipper frac we did enhanced the production from these wells or if we happen to be just landed in a better geologic position. That's something that we are going to monitor in these wells. And certainly, we're anxious to drill our next down-spaced wells to see if we have consistency in those results.
Dan O. Dinges: On the infrastructure at the end of the year, we anticipate the takeaway capacity to be at the 1.5 Bcf per day level instead of the 1.2 Bcf. And as far as the -- well, we haven't yet on the exit rate, and at this stage, not prepared to. But our guidance is going to -- we're very, very comfortable with our guidance that we've given in between, the total year, the 35% to 50% production growth. We just haven't given the -- pinpointed the exit rate at this stage.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we are saying in our -- we have actually kind of expressed it earlier when we executed -- up in the Marcellus, when we executed our pumping service contract. We recognize at that point in time that the cost were certainly coming down. And in the Eagle Ford, we recognized the same thing, that the pumping services and some of the other services were coming down. Pumping services, percentage-wise, I think, a little bit greater than maybe the 5% to 15% in various other services.
Dan O. Dinges: No. I'm sorry, I didn't make myself clear. What I had mentioned is we are going to continue our capital program as we budgeted, and we have budgeted a reduction of the Marcellus rigs towards the middle part to latter part of the year by releasing a couple of rigs. And we are still on that program.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we have seen, certainly, some very, very good wells out there. And the EURs, certainly, are north, in some cases, the 11 Bcf. It's dependent on the lateral length. And when you -- we're drilling our wells up there, and without cooperative or forced cooling, we're bound and restricted at times to the total lateral length of the wells that we can achieve. And with the lateral length being either extended or reduced, it takes spacing between 200, and say, 225-foot between each stage, how many effective stages we can pump. So our 11 Bcf well is indicative of what we look at as a 15- to 16-stage type well. In the cases where we are able to get extended laterals and more stages, I think we're seeing greater EURs. And certainly in the less stage areas where we're restricted because of the holdout on a mineral owner, then there is slightly less. And then you will always have areas that if you find just one of those good areas, that you can really get some significant wells.
Dan O. Dinges: Right now, as far as our drilling activity, we completed the well. And kind of footnote out there, this was our initial well in the area. It's certainly not many data points to go by and our initial well design as we go into each area without a lot of data. We purposely try to manage our exploratory dollars, and we did that in this particular well where we only drilled down about a 3,000-foot lateral. We anticipated only about 10 stages, which we -- that's what we completed at over a couple of hundred barrels per day completion on the very first test. That's not too bad, particularly if you extrapolate out with the added efficiencies in the future and more frac stages. We landed our well kind of in the middle of this section of the Brown Dense, and we didn't have any significant drilling problems. Right now, with the strip price of natural gas, we do not anticipate going out there and drilling additional wells. We'll continue to gather the data points with the other activity that's being conducted out there. And we're looking at and talking to folks about the acres out there, but we're not actively out there with a bunch of brokers leasing.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we have planned a lot of that -- not a lot of that, we plan on moving that rig down because there is -- some of our acreage is subject to the hunting season restrictions. And with the last well we drilled and some of the sites that we're doing up there, we elected to continue to drill a couple of more wells, which we've done a couple of the wells that we announced. They've been pretty good wells. We're still looking at the science that we're applying up there. And at this stage, we have -- we've decided that it would be beneficial to our program to continue to plan ahead, to continue to gather the data with the drilling information we're gathering and keep the rig up there at this time. Certainly good efficiencies, good returns with a 2 to 3 [ph] type million dollars wells, and seeing some pretty good results. So that's what we're going to continue right now. We have not made a final decision whether or not we're going to continue drilling up there all year or drill -- move the rig down into the Eagle Ford.
Dan O. Dinges: We haven't made any forward-looking plan up there for the remainder of the year. We are certainly excited of the data points that we have up there about where our position lies in regard to the volatile oil window. And we think we are in a good section. And the thickness, we think, is going to be fairly robust also. So we're looking forward to the test range. We'll operate the well with 50% and capital of 50% this summer. I'm sure we'll take the data. We'll communicate the exchanged thoughts on what we do moving forward and make that decision, but we haven't rolled out anything further on a development plan at this stage. The infrastructure is still going to need to come in and improve in the area. I'll let Jeff make a brief comment on that.
Dan O. Dinges: I think there is certainly wells that are drilled and completed shut in and infrastructure buildout with the programs that are on the board is ongoing up there, and I'm sure that has a bearing on it. But it's also worthy of note that there has been a substantial number of rigs drilled [ph] in the Marcellus are being laid down. So as far as ongoing buildup of wells out there, I don't have the authority to get the count from all the operators, but I don't look at that as being a significant build of Marcellus. Well, I think there are quite a few peers, but I don't think there's just ongoing build of wells out there.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, at this stage, we have 69,000 net acres up there. What we're trying to do is identify the fracture stages out there. And I think one of our last fragmentation tests is 61,000 net acres. We've ramped that up. But I don't know, we think we have anywhere from 200 to 300, 400 depending on the spacing. It's a large range right now because we continue to gather data. Sorry, Mike, I can't be any more specific in that at this time.
Dan O. Dinges: No. Well, we have -- we don't have 3D shot. We have -- we've gathered that 2D lines up there that are available, and we've got some reprocessing and things on the 2D lines. And there is certainly a lot of vertical well data points that we're trying to integrate into our reprocess side.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, I think every company on the market is trying to find the next deal that will slot in above the returns that you're allocating -- the areas that you're allocating capital to and comparing the type of returns you get. And in our areas that we -- that all is aware of, we continue to try to capture the acreage in the Marcellus. And we have multi-year drilling programs and locations out in front of us in each of the areas that we're currently active and allocating capital: Marcellus, the Eagle Ford and the Marmaton. We also -- now with 50,000 net acres in the Utica area, that's going to be a substantial -- with success, is going to be a substantial area of future activity for us that we think would slot in, assuming we're in the liquids window there of a good return-type potential. And we're also drilling a well in an area we had talked about. So we continue to try to find those opportunities to add capital efficiency to our program. Unfortunately, even though the Marcellus is a wonderful gas play and probably one of the best gas plays in the U.S., with the gas strip where it is, it's just -- it's difficult. We still make a return up there. It's not yielding the return we would expect forever. We think we will show significant enhancements to the returns in the future. We think those returns will be helped by commodity price down the road, and everybody is trying to guess when that happens. We think we'll also see significant uptick in margin improvement at any commodity price once we get to pure pad development drilling from our operation up there. But as far as the read-through in what we're trying to do, we continue to try to enhance our capital efficiency. And frankly, if we had all our acreage secured in the Marcellus right now and held, I think we would allocate a significantly a greater portion to the liquids opportunities we have. And again, we have many, many, many years of liquids drilling in front of us, and we continue to grow in liquids we've been able to demonstrate with 138% growth just most recently.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, no. It's necessarily not too early to think about that. We are already starting to kind of look at the horizon in anticipation of presenting our '13 budget to our board in October. And I would venture to say that we will have a larger component of liquids drilling in the '13 budget. But again, I'm not going to deemphasize the window we're in right now, and it is a finite window we're in. We continue to allocate capital to capture our Marcellus acreage, and that does have a squeeze on us a little bit right now. But at the end of the day, and looking at the amount of reserves that we are able to stack on our books through our Marcellus drilling and the growth, both in production and in just pure reserves on the books, in a couple of years, I think shareholders are going to recognize that the drilling that we implemented today is going to have a significant advantage if we have a little bit more balance between supply-demand phenomenon and the gas price.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, when you're going to -- when you find the natural fractured areas, and again that's part of our effort up there, I think we can see these type of wells. And that is our play concept, really, when we went up there in the first place. Our challenge we knew was going to be trying to identify the areas that had the significant fractures. And as we continue to drill and gather data and try to do as much science as we can in that regard, where we find good fractures and we find good efficient completions, we think we can repeat these type of wells. That is the poster child right now of the wells we drilled up there, but certainly, we have an expectation that it's not going to be the last.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, it's certainly going to be a little bit more challenging in Susquehanna. I think we have illustrated in Susquehanna that we have an area that has shown very consistent results. And the delta between a absolute great, great well to a well that is not as great is much, much narrower than any other play that frankly that I can think about. I don't care where you are, Bakken or Barnett or Permian area. But you have all kinds of deltas between good wells and not-as-good wells. But I do think that the 700-barrel type of well is certainly a well that we do anticipate we're going to be able to drill a lot more of. But certainly, we're not going to be able to predict those today with the database we have as effectively or with as much confidence as we would if we had another 50 wells drilled out there.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we have -- certainly in the central portion where we drilled the majority of our well and we started our infrastructure, we feel very comfortable with the consistency yield that we're getting from these wells. And now as we move to the east with the step-out and the results from these wells, we feel good about that. We drilled and seen the information to the west. Even though we haven't drilled a lot of wells to the west, we feel very, very comfortable about that. On the northern fringe of our acreage where we've identified the -- where we're flowing into the Laser line, those particular wells, as they get a little bit shallower, slightly better, we think, are not going to be quite the 11 Bcf type wells that we see in the majority of the rest of our acreage. And we've recognized that as they maybe being 10% of that number.
Dan O. Dinges: Yes. We think it's 150, 175, 200, 225, maybe, on the better wells, that kind of the range, a little bit wider range than we normally have because we've seen wider results.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, I think as far as a number in there, I would say it's 7 to 8 Bcf -- I mean, 700,000 to 1 million on production from the wells, EUR, 3/4, that's probably in the ballpark. Also, on the north end of the acreage, on the -- again, the wells that we drilled up there, we think it's probably going to be more on the 5 and 7 Bcf type wells up there.
Dan O. Dinges: Okay. Marshall, the 2 wells that have gained over 10 Bcf, they're slightly less than 2,000 feet completed in the Marcellus, the Lower Marcellus. We landed the one well right in between those 2 wells in the lower Marcellus, and then we landed the upper Marcellus well at about 500 foot -- or in between, say, the new well we drilled in one of the wells that has cleaned significant production.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, there had been a significant land play come through contemporaneous when we were kind of out there. And we picked up a position and felt like when we go into a play, we pick up acreage, and hopefully, we can get in there and make some determination earlier before there is a significant acreage play being made, first-mover type contract. But in this case, there was already a significant acreage play ongoing when we moved up there also. So it just limited and restricted the amount of acreage that we could block up in the area, and our preference is to block up -- so it reduced our additional leasing capacity. The play is still very, very young on results. It's got a large, large geographic footprint, and it's still very, very young with complex -- complexities that you see in every play. And once that data is gathered, we're still making the play as merit.
Dan O. Dinges: Thanks, Shea. I appreciate again everybody's interest in Cabot. Certainly, as I mentioned, we're going through this soft gas price, anybody's crystal ball, can look into the future and I think has a different date on when we might see additional support from the supply-demand equation. I think it's apparent that the industry is not going to allocate capital to dry gas with the strip that we see. So I think brighter days are ahead. But even though we are in this low gas price and not certainly generating the cash flows we'd all like to see, we are going to be putting significant reserves on our [indiscernible]. We'll have the opportunity to grow those reserves still with a return even at strip prices. So I think we are in a unique position as being looked at as a dry gas player, but at the same time, you are going to continue to see Cabot increase its liquids production. With its every spare dollar we have, we're going to put into the ground where we think we can find oil. So again, appreciate the interest and look forward to the next quarter. Thank you.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Okay. Where this acreage lies is quite a bit of conventional gas, oil activity, and so there is numerous pipeline. However, they are probably not modestly sized. But there are some -- there is some activity of up there that -- where our infrastructure has already began. So we hope to kind of piggyback on that. And as we get closer, we'll probably give you more details.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Okay. Yes. Constitution is after the hunting season, and it was established to be a 30-inch pipeline and a 121-mile fleet [ph]. Initial cost estimates are, I think Williams' press release just yesterday, around $750 million range. Our participation is at 25% as an owner, and so sometime between now and 2015, our investment will be about 25% of that.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Well, 2 ways to look at it. One is that it’s a 30-inch pipe which is now designed for 650,000 a day of capacity in which Cabot has 500,000 a day of broad [ph] space on the pipeline. Down the road, if it's -- if it merits expansion, then certainly, the 30-inch pipe can be expanded to an excess of 1 Bcf a day of capacity. But right now, we're comfortable with the 500 million a day add, and yes, it is in addition to the current infrastructure plan on takeaway as a 1.5 Bcf.
