John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah. As Tom said, we're not talking, of course, single individual wells now. We're talking lots of wells that we have to plan for. I think our latest schedule will have us at 16 rigs right pretty much at the beginning of February next year. But that can slide and move forward just depends on how well we put those plans together. But that's what it will show right now as of today. And then Mark Burford's here. I'm going to let him comment on production next year.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah. This is John. A lot of debate, I would say, internally. I mean, what's nice is as I mentioned, we have those two spacing pilots. In addition, we have that stack pilot. We've incorporated those results. In addition, we have a lot of individual parent wells that have been landed in different zones within the D itself as well as the C. When we take all that information, we come away with a model that would clearly suggest to us that we have plenty of room within the D itself to stagger and stack, which is what we intended to do to start with, and feel very confident with that initial design, again, based on our spacing pilot results and based on leveraging that – the 7,500-foot laterals – that we're going to achieve very nice rate of returns. The way this schedule sets up then is we will get those online; we'll get early production from it. If it's meeting our expectation, then that just gives us even greater confidence to move forward to even more tighter, as you see in those follow-up sections. So, I would say that the two sections we call Sunday Silence, Silver Charm are somewhat dependent on the result of Assault and Sea Hero and that's why we built that schedule that way. But again, we really are looking at the results of those pilots and looking at our landing zone results from a number of other parent wells, and come away very convinced that this initial design is going to work very well for us in this interval.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Well, maybe I – let me just put it this way. I guess I would love that we go forward, that we don't even call it the C, D. We just call it lower Wolfcamp. Really, we don't – C and D is more of a geologic marker. What you really should think about is it being a very thick, over 500-foot to 800-foot thick interval, and that going forward, we're going to start with initial stack of two wells that we feel good about. And then based on results, then potentially add a third level to it with the next set of development. That's really what we're talking about here.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: This is John. No. That one made use of what would be equivalent of a 15-stage for 5,000-foot lateral. The difference being is it was 7,000-foot. It's just an outstanding well and it's just – it's a replication of what we've been able to do in other areas with that particular design. I think what's exciting to me is we don't think we're optimized. We still think that there's perhaps still room to go with that frac design. And so, we do have further wells planned in the area to go in and test the limit of that design. So, it's just – the way I look at it is, again, a nice confirmation that we can take it and go a little bit longer with the lateral and still get a very good result.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: In this immediate area, yes, we feel very good about our acreage position and the well results there. Thus, why that was the first incremental rig we added was immediately to this type of drilling program.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah. This would be our first long lateral, but I will remind you that we did have our spacing pilot which was the ANACONDA which was a stacked/staggered pilot where we had upper A and lower A. And right away, from those results, we could tell that that upper A zone was giving us superior performance to the lower A, even as you recall, we've talked about some issues with the landing the lower A. But even in the wells where we did not feel we had an issue, the upper A was clearly performing. But I will tell you than when we plan this well, we had high expectations for it, to the point that we even worked very hard as a collective group to make sure our production facilities, everything was in line for this well, because we had high expectations and it's met those expectations. We've been very pleased with that well result. We have a nice, large, contiguous acreage position there where this well is. And yes, we have plans now to go and see if we can't duplicate this result with a few more long laterals.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah, this is John. It will vary. I mean, as you pointed out, we do recognize yield variations, and that will have to factor into both our rate of return and PV calculations as far as the development plans. The overall thickness itself is pretty consistent at least on that entire eastern side of our block, and then we do thin a little bit as we go to the west, but not to the point that I think we would lose a row necessarily. Again, I think it'd be more a matter of economics because, I mean, it is fair to say we do tend to lose our yield a little bit as we go to the west, but that would just be a decision we'd have to make at that time. I guess that would be how I'd answer it.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah. I'll take a stab at that, and I know Tom's itching to answer it, too. Let me just make clear that from our well results, the Wolfcamp A in Culberson is mutually exclusive from the lower Wolfcamp C, D. So we can come back at any time and layer in wells and, say, in these developed sections in A and not worry about any type of impingement on those wells. So, that we've clearly have established from our drilling program. In regards to the C, D, it is fair to say that our well results do indicate that Cs tend to have a little bit lower rate of return, but we are fairly convinced that if we were to develop, we wouldn't need to do it all the same time. And so, that's why we have the plans you see there with those upper northern sections that we'd like to move forward with that and demonstrate to ourselves what kind of returns we would generate, and that full development pipe scenario, because I don't think we're convinced that we could come back and necessarily go in with the Cs at a later date. So that's why we're stepping into this the way we are with this plan.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: No. This is strictly based on the way that our JVA was set up such that these particular sections were just three sections. So, for long laterals we have to divide it up in a section-and-a-half, nothing more than that. Our plans for the rest of the acreage is 10,000-foot. This is just a matter of just geography, just the way the sections laid out.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: This is John. This is a – it's a shale – the Wolfcamp of course is a shale with interbedded carbonates. The way we see it, there is some definite variability to it but for the most part I would say, in immediate area from our well results, we tend to see some consistency in well results from section to section. So, we do expect some repeatability. When we make a good well in a particular landing zone, if we are to move a section over, our expectation would be that we would still be able to achieve that type of result. As far as the Upper A itself, you know what, I'm just going to say, we do a lot of work with our rock data, our log data – and coupling that with frac design and well results – that help us internally get more comfortable with that Upper A, B and A an attractive target. And I'll just leave it at that.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Well, to be honest, I'm not really going to answer that question. That's something we do internally. I mean, we work very hard with our technology to understand this, and so, I'll just sat be happy with our result and leave it at that.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: This is John. We did update our slide. For those who have the presentation, slide 19, although we didn't have comments in our opening remarks. But we're very, very pleased with the results from our pilots that we've drilled in the Avalon. And as we've mentioned, we tested a variety of spacing to help the Avalon. And I would just tell you that, on a go-forward basis, based on these results, we are very comfortable with eight wells per section within an individual bench. And in fact, see multiple benches as being opportunistic on quite a bit of our acreage. So we're very happy and pleased with that play. As we've mentioned several times, our acreage position is HBP [held by production]. There's no obligation drilling we have to do there. And it's a really nice thing to have in our back pocket that if we need to, we can throw rigs at it at any time.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: I will say we do have plans for another Avalon test, where we're once again going to land with a pad well and test a newer frac design that we think could even leverage better rate of returns. And outside of that, again, I think it's nice to have that flexibility of having that acreage sit there because quite frankly, not everything goes as planned. And so, it's nice to be able to throw rigs over to it when we need to or more importantly, if we need to deploy more capital. It's sitting there waiting for us and that's kind of how we look at it right now.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Well, as of today, we've really not come up with a way to achieve sufficient rate of returns in Ward County. It's just as simple as that. We always constantly monitor; there's still wells being drilled there by competitors. We keep a close eye on what they are doing relative to frac design, landing, length of lateral. But I – to be honest – we just haven't been able to come up with the right recipe to date that makes that an attractive rate of return for us. So, unless we see a major breakthrough somewhere, there's a good chance that we will not be able to hold that acreage next year.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah. This is John. When we quote 2016, that's 2016 operated. So, it's fair to say we definitely anticipate quite a number of non-operated partner wells in the Woodford as we always have. Typically, they've been running around six rigs here recently. So, that certainly factors into our capital model as well in terms of what they plan to do in addition to what we will do.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah. I'll take a stab at it first. I think you're just seeing, number one, if I think about the different programs, quite a bit more drilling in Culberson and the Wolfcamp, especially Wolfcamp D. And so that does tend to be a little bit more gassier than, say, Reeves County or other areas. Secondly, even the Bone Spring for us, traditionally a lot of our Bone Spring wells were more in New Mexico in terms of Lee, Eddy. We're still in New Mexico, let me be clear about Western New Mexico, White City and Culberson. They tend to be a little bit more gassier. But I will tell you, they're far better wells from a rate of return standpoint in terms of the type of productivity we get from those wells. So, I think that's just what's driving that slow change you're seeing and getting a little bit more gassier. It's just where the nature of our rigs have been on that western side of the Delaware Basin.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah. I think number one, again, as we keep saying, when we go to development, whether it be Wolfcamp or Woodford, that's a major investment from a standpoint of deploying 17 wells or 20 wells. The Bone Spring itself, I think, from a capital standpoint, I don't think it's that much different from year-over-year. You're seeing just at our capital, the pie is bigger. We still plan to have a similar type healthy drilling program. The Meramec, I would say, yes, it's going to slow down because we've reached the point where we delineated, we think we feel comfortable where we have good rate returns from an individual well standpoint. But as I said in my comments, now we need to understand how do we develop it. And so, we have a number of major pilots ongoing between us and our partner, spacing pilots, stack/stagger pilots so we can better understand on our acreage how do we develop the Meramec concurrent with the Woodford. And so, that's why, prudently, we'll be slowing down some of the Meramec while we get those pilot results and understand how we move forward to get that acreage properly developed.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: I'll take a stab at that. This is John. Essentially, all the Wolfcamp is extended laterals, I mean, pretty much where we can. I think the lone exception might be the occasional pilot where we find that we can achieve the answers we need from a capital standpoint through 5,000-foot instead of 10,000-foot. But outside of that, almost every Wolfcamp well, if the acreage allows us, is an extended lateral at least 7,500-foot to 10,000-foot. Woodford, traditionally, we have been a 5,000-foot lateral developer. But I will tell you, because of our comfortableness with drilling 10,000-foot, a lot of our future development plans that we review now incorporate 10,000-foot as our go-to for development. Now, that's not going to happen right away. But as Tom mentioned in his comments, we are looking at some areas, probably mid to later next year, that we will move toward long lateral development even in the Woodford. And again, I think that just speaks to something you mentioned. We're getting very comfortable with our ability to drill and complete and flow back those wells.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yeah. This is John. I think before I answer that, again, there are so many moving parts that go to building that program, that clearly, yes, rate of return is one of the first things we look at. But there are obviously other mitigating factors such as takeaway concerns, obligation drilling to hold acreage. So there's many things that go into that program. So, I just want to be clear about that, but rate of return is certainly one that we focus on strongly. From a program perspective, right now, first and foremost, White City, Culberson, Bone Spring wells generate by far superior rate of returns, and we're very pleased with where we are with that program. Once you step from there, the long lateral Culberson program, as you mentioned, is very healthy, looks very strong for us going forward, both in the A and in the D, which we've gotten very good results recently from the A now. So, we literally have two different intervals generating very strong results. I would argue now with the latest results from Reeves, with the well we just spoke about, if we can continue to duplicate that type of result in that Upper A, then Reeves becomes extremely competitive relative to Culberson with that type of result. And then finally, you get to Woodford, where Woodford, right now, are very, very good rate of return results. I think what excites us about the Woodford is what I mentioned earlier, when we start thinking about it from a long lateral standpoint. When we look at Woodford and we look long lateral, then those returns all of a sudden get to a point we get very excited about relative to, say, a Culberson long lateral. So, that would be just my take on it, based on the current commodity price and what we see going forward.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: This is John. No. We have no comments to make about that pilot as of yet. We're carefully monitoring but no comments.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: They are in the up-dip, as far as the spacing pilot, as well as the stack test, they would be in what we have called the up-dip. Yes, that's where they're located.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Well, this is John. I would say again, to date, we've been very pleased with the results of our wells. But I will point out that we have 10 wells that go into our average. It is fair to say that of those three new wells, one of them was quite a bit of a step-out for us. And yes, it underperformed relative to the rest of the wells. That's what happens when you try to delineate your acreage. And so, there's no surprise that we have reached a point where at least with that well, we would start to think that maybe that particular area is not as prospective as others – from a 5,000-foot standpoint – let me be clear. We do recognize there's a variability to this, but I would also again point out that we've been pleased with the overall consistency of our results to date.
John Lambuth - Vice President-Exploration: Yes. So, to be clear, of the three new wells, one of them was a significant step-out that definitely underperformed relative to our average. The other two wells, just to give you a little color, are wells that are in an area that we consider very prospective. We upsized the fracs quite a bit on both those wells and because of that, we're trying to manage the flowback on those wells from a standpoint of both water and sand control. Those wells were conservative on their choke settings, thus, we didn't achieve the same kind of 30-day average rates that the other wells have. But we're very pleased with those well results, those two wells, based on what we're seeing to date.
Joseph R. Albi: This is Joe. Just a couple of comments there, too. When we have these development projects, depending on how many wells per section and how many sections, we won't begin completion operations typically until all the wells are drilled and completed. And Cana Row-4 is a great example of that. We drilled those wells all throughout the first half of this year. We're not going to see the production until the tail half of next year. To the extent that our development program becomes the majority of our capital expenditures, we're going to start to see this roller coaster type production profile that may not coincide with a January 1 to January 1 timeframe.
Joseph R. Albi: I think, Tom, you hit it right on the head. In many, some ways, it's a matter of where we develop in these areas. And a majority of the big dollar infrastructure items have already been put in the ground, our major trunk lines, our laterals and so forth. And to the extent these development projects lie along those existing laterals, there's a minimal amount of infrastructure associated with it. To the extent they're further removed, it obviously becomes a little bit more pricey. So what, John and the midstream and the production guys are doing, they're working in concert to try and develop these areas in such a means and such a way that we're optimizing our capital spending. If you ask me for the budget we have this year, I would say, it'd probably line up pretty close to what we did this year with our infrastructure dollars, primarily because a lot of that is driven by compression.
Joseph R. Albi: It all depends on the timing of when we need compression. Compression's a big part of it. But a lot of that existing trunk line or what have you is already in place. But as far as an overall percentage of our total Permian CapEx, I would say, it's a small part.
Joseph R. Albi: Well, we've looked at a number of wells. Our 7,500-foot Bone Spring lateral is an example of that where what was the cost to design for peak rate versus what was the cost to not design for peak rate. And it was a very valuable exercise to our team. So, we're trying to understand all the efficiencies that need to come into play and that give us a maximum rate of return.
Joseph R. Albi: And just to follow up on that facility, in this case, doesn't necessarily just mean the battery. It can mean the pipe size; it can mean the compression, a variety of factors that need to come into play.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yeah, Drew. We're a strong growth profile. It's going to be lumpy, but I think that's probably fair. Our acceleration into 2016 is going to be quite a bit back-end loaded because of the nature of these development projects.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yeah. I just want to remind you that this Wolfcamp is a really thick zone. And every play is different and has its own attributes. But in some plays, you worry about resource in place and the overall storage capacity. That's not the concern here in the Wolfcamp. The Wolfcamp is really a mechanical issue and what's the best way to poke straws in there, frac the wells and space them to recover it. So, we're – based on our experience – we're highly confident that this rock can support this development plan.
Thomas E. Jorden: And so that the analogy is direct here and John is absolutely right. In fact, our technical team is discouraging us from even using the nomenclature C, D. It really is one large section.
Thomas E. Jorden: But like the C, D, it's not either/or. I mean that A is a very fixed section and I anticipate multiple landing zones in the development scenario.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yeah. The challenge here, as John mentioned, is we've really pushed our organization to say we want to take a long-term view of how we optimally develop this asset. And so to the extent that we can't go back later and get a layer, even though it may have a lower rate of return, we don't necessarily want to orphan it and abandon it for all time. And so, we're making those decisions on a case-by-case basis, but we're really trying to develop this asset with multi-year look so that we don't find ourselves in a position five or seven years from now looking back and saying, boy, I wish we had done this differently. And so, that requires a lot of forethought, a lot of planning, but we want to get that while we can.
Thomas E. Jorden: Well, I think, I might add there that in testing and delineating optimum spacing, there's an approach that says, you test it until you break it.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yeah, Mike. So, the way it looks from my desk is, as we manage our capital expenditures and come up with our overall capital plans, these development projects take a lot of capital. And so, not every great project is getting funded. So, please do not infer from the fact that Avalon doesn't have a bigger slice, that it means that we're – we like it any less. So, it's just you prioritize and these development projects are our top priority right now.
Thomas E. Jorden: I want to just add to that, and Ward County is our poster child for why we want to do forethought on the development. Ward County, a lot of our acreage was developed in that Third Bone Spring; we had drilled horizontal wells prior to the ultimate potential of that Upper Wolfcamp being understood. Had we not done that, I think we would be developing Ward County. Had we not done that, I think we would be developing Ward County and we would be developing a Third Bone Spring in at Upper Wolfcamp. The problem with most of our Ward County position is we're drilling into a depleted fracture network in that Third Bone Spring. So, it's not to say we're disparaging the Ward County, we're not. If we didn't have that Third Bone Spring there, we'd be having a whole different conversation.
Thomas E. Jorden: Well, I'll let Joe comment on that specifically, but we're studying that long and hard. And there's a lot of issues around infrastructure with gathering systems, how you develop your facilities and how you handle your water sourcing and water disposal. And we're looking at the full-cycle model in trying to really optimize the return on these projects. We're very wary of paving the future with gold bricks on infrastructure. We want to balance having the efficiency of taking advantage of the development and not overspending on upfront costs. So it's a bit of a balancing act and we haven't decided where we're going to land there, but we're trying – I will say this – we're trying to optimize our capital efficiency and minimize our infrastructure spending wherever we can. And Joe, you can comment on that.
Thomas E. Jorden: But there is an argument for that – that it used to be in five or six years ago – the well was always the driving force. We would drill a well and we would build facilities in order to produce it at its maximum allowable – the maximum rate we could do. Today, where we have potentially 12, 16 or more wells a section, we're studying, is it better to optimize our facility size and then drill to keep those facilities full and at peak capacity. And it's a tradeoff, and we're modeling the rate of return to that very carefully, so that we get the greatest capital efficiency. It doesn't necessarily do us any good to drill a dozen or 16 or 24 wells, build facilities for peak production, and then find six months down the road those facilities are underutilized. That would be very wasteful. And so, we don't have the answer on this call, but that's what our organization is hard at work studying, not only studying economic models, but we're studying our competitors very carefully, how they've done it, where they've had success and where they've had failures.
Thomas E. Jorden: I also want to add that this is a snapshot in time, and we want to give you color directionally as to where we see the remainder of 2015 and 2016 going. But it's by no means set in stone. And, for example, there is a chance that in this Woodford development, we may have a layer of Meramec to add to it. And so, we may increase Meramec along with the Woodford development. But we're still working our way through that, but we wanted to give you our best read today on the direction. We maintain a lot of flexibility as we work our way through this.
Thomas E. Jorden: And we've taken a little different approach than some of our competitors. To the extent that we're delineating or we're testing spacing, we prefer to do that with 5,000-foot long horizontal wells, get the results a little quicker and spend a little less per well while we're doing experiments. In particular, if you look at our Meramec program, Cimarex – our wells are dominated by 5,000-foot wells. Many if not most of our competitors, have chosen to go straight to 10,000-foot wells. We're fairly confident that that was the right decision for Cimarex.
Thomas E. Jorden: And then, I also want to add and I think everybody knows this. When we talk about rate of returns, to the extent we quote a number, those are what's being called half-cycle returns. Those are drilling-only returns. They're not burdened by all the other things that make up a true investment profile. But there'd be incremental decisions that we make every day.
Thomas E. Jorden: But the – John mentioned the three new wells – two of the three were choked back during a significant portion.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yeah. I want to thank everybody for joining us. And in closing, I'm glad it was mentioned in our call, I want to congratulate Mark Burford on becoming our CFO. He's ready for the job and will just do a fantastic job. But I especially want to commend Paul Korus for the contributions he's made to this organization over time. Many of you on this call know Paul well. We're going to miss him deeply. It would be impossible for me to overstate what he's meant to this organization, to our shareholders, and to the building of Cimarex. It's with a lot of bittersweet that we let him go. We're going to miss him. And part of the great contribution that Paul has given us is grooming and choosing his successor. But Paul's contribution is something that we're very grateful for. And I know many of you share me wishing Paul all the best and just deep, deep gratitude for the role he's played as a founder of this company. So with that, I want to thank him very much.
