Jeffrey W. Hutton: Brian, what we mean by that is the new gas going down Springville will enter Transco's pipeline, the lighting [ph] system. That pipeline goes over to the southern part of New York and actually accesses a number of different utilities and interstate markets that Tennessee gas pipeline does not currently serve. So we should be better off in a number of different ways with new markets both in the northeast and actually down backhaul on Transco to the Baltimore and DC areas.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Not a lot. The gas price that we'll receive going into Transco and quite frankly into Millennium and Tennessee, all that is based primarily on the Appalachian kind of pricing that you would normally see against the Dominion index or on the gas transmission index.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: For 2012, we're using the -- again, we're reselling off the Dominion index and the Colombia index at probably $0.08 to $0.10 or above NYMEX. And I might add, too, that markets will be accessing on Transco and Millennium. We have seen some downward pressure to the differentials in Pennsylvania along [ph] Tennessee. We think that it's temporary and once we get to the new market areas, we'll see what I'll call back to normal pricing at positive differentials to the NYMEX.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Sure, I'll take that one. The answer is yes. And the expansion by Williams on Springville will include some additional units at their Wilcox Stations that will allow them to increase the capacity of the line from 300 to the 625 number. In addition to that, there'll be some expansion and another new station that Cabot and Williams will develop along the Springville lateral and also around the Tennessee Gas Pipeline area. So there's lots of moving parts to this. And we're well on our way to get all wrapped up at least the big part by mid-year and then the rest by year end.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: That's kind of a difficult question to answer, because we're trying to develop a system there that has a lot of flexibility to it. Yes, Lenoxville will deliver gas into Tennessee Gas Pipeline solely. However, the Lathrop station, for example, and the original Teel station and a new station we have on the drawing boards, the Central Compressor station, those will be able to access multiple pipelines. The design of the system is to have access to 3 different interstate markets, 3 very large markets, at the same time, maintain the field pressures that we think are ideal to produce these wells into and also access the higher price markets.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, our allocation right now is scheduled basically 2/3, 1/3. 2/3 going to the Marcellus and 1/3 going towards liquids.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, good question, Brian, and it's safe to say that we have very high expectations of our area otherwise, we wouldn't have added additional capacity. I think being prudent in the market, we have today with the commodity price of where it is. And so we continue to gain efficiencies in our development moving more and more towards a full-blown development mode. But right now, we're just going to try to get out of the fourth quarter of '11 and move into the first quarter of '12. And we've set our guidance for '12. We do believe we internally have a lot of work going on beyond '12. But I'm not prepared to make those projections.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, right now, our plan is to stay within cash flow. And fortunately, our program has very good capital efficiency within it because of the area we're in that even at a $4 Mcf, we can stay within cash flow. We'll generate a little bit of positive cash flow at a $4.50 price, so I think we're in a very unique situation in that case. And we do fully appreciate the present value aspect of enhancing the profile of our cash flow stream. And at the right opportunity, we will take advantage of that but right now, I think it's prudent in this market to stay within what we see as a forward curve and a cash flow neutral program.
Dan O. Dinges: For our 2012 program, Pearce, we're in the process of gathering all our service cost and closing down some annual contracts for some of our services and it is our expectation as I mentioned that our service cost will moderate both in the south region and the north region for completed well cost.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we have several projects that are out there that our guys work on from an exploratory sense. And with that being just exploratory in nature, we don't typically comment on what we're doing that far ahead of the curve.
Dan O. Dinges: Our approach to business just as a general comment is we have so much money to work with. We're going to strive to stay within a budget. We set our benchmarks to stay within that budget with the assumption of what gas price we used in our model. And certainly, if we have the opportunity to see an increase in the commodity price from what we've used, certainly we'll consider drilling additional wells.
Dan O. Dinges: Hedging is and will remain a consideration for us. I would love to be able to hedge a strip that would lock in some of what we're discussing here. With that lock-in of a significant hedge position, I think we would probably look at our capital program with those hedges locked in place. But 12 months through at this stage is probably in the 4 -- is in between our $4 and $4.50.
Dan O. Dinges: No, there's just some -- geologically, we find ourselves and some wells stand out in various different areas that we've been drilling. And those are some of the poster boy wells that we've had that produce very well. And frankly, we do have a couple of wells to see what they'll do that we do not restrict as much as we do some of our other wells. And so these are wells that we brought on and allow them to make up a great deal of our production that may be sacrificed to some of the other wells that we'll pinch back.
Dan O. Dinges: After '12 drilling, I'm thinking we'll have -- even though we'll come back in after we evaluate the production from those wells, we'll probably have some more wells, some more drilling. Well, we will have more drilling to come back in to drill in some of those acreage that we do have [indiscernible] production. But I would say 35% to 40%.
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, and again, this is a little bit of a forward look, but as we increase our production and we increase our cash flow, once we're able to continue to capture our acreage in a very methodical process, which we're doing right now, and we increase our cash flow enough to allow incremental drilling, I think that's when we'll come back in and have those type of pad site set up for 6 wells, 8-well, 10-well type of pad drilling.
Dan O. Dinges: [indiscernible] if we can get -- we continue to grow our production and if we can get a little bit of help from the commodity price, it could be an earlier event than that.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, it's still very early, and there's -- only have them on like 3 days. So they are still cleaning up so the comparison would be a little bit earlier. A bit early for that. Three wells into it -- to give you an example, 3 wells into it on our wells in the southern area, we don't know exactly what they will do at that period of time either. In fact, we have wells that have cleanup going into the 30- to 45- to 60-day period as they continue to clean up. So it's just way, way too early to make that statement.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, I think the savings we anticipate simply because the majority of the costs are attached to the completion cost. The majority of what we think we would be able to save compared to -- in '12 compared to '11 will fall in the completion side. We don't expect a great deal of change in the drilling side for cost, actual cost in the north and south. But we do anticipate that in the north, we think we would be able to gain efficiencies with each drilling dollars spent by virtue of penetration rates.
Dan O. Dinges: Okay. Yes, and the well cost in the southwest PA is shallower over there. And as we've been able to see and as the PA DP has put out on well results, Southwest does not deliver quite the rates that we're seeing in the northeast portion of Pennsylvania. And as you move west from our area, I think it's also indicative that you don't get quite the rates as you move west into the area that is being drilled that the IPs or EURs are as robust as what we are seeing in our particular area. But as far as the drill costs are in the southeast are very similar at the $6.5 million to $7 million range depending on the number of frac stages.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, and again, making the comparison, you used 30% on ranges recovery. Keep in mind that, again, just the geology is such that southwest PA has a much thinner section than we have. Our section is 240- to 400-foot thick. So the in-place reserves that we have in that section compared to 70-foot section or so is significantly different. So the recoveries that we realize and we're working on right now and have a third-party study out there that will be delivered to us at the end of the year that is trying to arrive at that recovery factor. But we think we're going to see in our particular area with the efficiency of our completions and no liquids in the majority of our reservoir we don't have any relative perm issues or anything like that, we think we have very, very good high recovery factors that could push the 50% to 60% range.
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, Marshall, we have been -- Cabot has consistently evaluated our portfolio and made a number of portfolio rationalizations that has taken advantage of transferring our assets into a more -- a higher PV. And certainly, we'll continue to look at that opportunity out there if the market will allow.
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, the spacing of that was about 250 feet or so. And those laterals, each of those laterals, I think one was about 5,500 feet, one 6,100 feet. One had 21 stages. The other had 26.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, they were brought on like other wells that are brought on at a little bit of a moderated rate to allow us to continue to clean up. But we did allow those to produce into the pipe at fairly aggressive rates. However, I would add to that, that we did hold some back pressure. For example, as recently as yesterday, the wells were producing above line pressure in the 1,400-pound range.
Dan O. Dinges: Bob, part of what we can do on our exploration, we just try to stay behind the curtain for as long as we can until all the scouts discover us out there.
Dan O. Dinges: Yes. Well, we love our position and what we have to work with. And we have 10-plus years of significant opportunities within our portfolio right now. But as far as our company being exploration savvy moving out ahead of the curve, a good example of what we have internally already is by virtue of -- in 2005 when nobody on this line knew what the Marcellus was, Cabot was out leasing in northeast PA for the Marcellus. And we didn't talk about it, and we didn't bring it up. And we just did our internal work and moved forward without anybody finding out about it until somebody discovered it that we were out there. So I think we have the ability in-house and have that ability in-house to move out ahead of the curve and be reactive and proactive both on new ideas.
Dan O. Dinges: No. So far what I've seen, and I don't have all the detail data information on the industry drilling up there, the brief reports I've seen I have not been excited about. But, again, a couple of wells don't kill a play particularly in a large geographic area. We just need to understand it a little bit better and see if it's going to have enough potential for us to make an economic play out of it that would compete with our capital efficient dollars.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, the 2 wells that have been of note are still producing well over 15 million cubic foot a day each.
Dan O. Dinges: Yes, right now and this was early time, and we haven't changed that because we're still gathering significant amount of data. And we can say that some of the tweaking that's being done on maybe the amount of profit that we pumped and things have had some enhancements and compared our initially operated well with the non-operated wells that have been drilled, but we're between right now, and again this is based on our first well, the 175 to 225 boe at this particular time. And maybe with additional stages, frac stages and longer lateral lengths, that number will increase. Keep in mind, our initial well was a 10-stage frac.
Dan O. Dinges: Okay, Holly. I appreciate everybody's attention, and I think I'll just say any comment that Cabot I think provides, and again this is from many years in the business, one of the lowest risk stories to accomplish what I think is an industry-leading result with the cash flow neutral to cash flow positive program that generates in excess of 45% production growth and a 10-plus percent reserve growth with superior capital efficiencies. I don't think you're going to find that in a program that takes about 7 rigs to accomplish those feat. So anyway with that, I'll end it and again, I appreciate everybody's interest in Cabot. Thank you.
Scott C. Schroeder: Brian, right now as you saw, the plan is 850 to 900, that will be dynamic like every year's plan is. Clearly, if we take a snapshot right now, that excess will just be used to pay down the revolver. There's no thought at this point of any kind of dividend increase picking up on what you said. But some of that money could eventually if we have a need in terms of lease expirations or a new idea or new project, some of that can go for some of those new science ideas too.
Scott C. Schroeder: [indiscernible] Let me add also the tendency in our industry and part of the dynamic in our industry has been the need to capture leases. This program laid out for '12 captures the leases, all of the leases that would be expiring in '12. We have no lost opportunity within that cash flow neutral program. That would be a dynamic for you, you might outspend but Cabot doesn't need to do that.
Scott C. Schroeder: Brian, give me a call afterwards. We did not break it down by that. Again, you get an idea in the press release. The gas production in West Virginia is roughly $50 million a day. Rocky Mountains for the quarter was roughly $25 million a day, and the rest would be in Pennsylvania.
Scott C. Schroeder: Gil, we don't have that number. I think from a macro perspective, remember, up until recently, we had one frac crew in the Marcellus and we've taken advantage of the dynamic marketplace up there to have 2 crews for a period of time. As you can see, they have worked off -- when we had this call in July, we were around 600 stages backlog, now just under 500. We expect that, that 500 will decline further as it relates to next year, more to more of a working inventory between 200 and 300 stages. So again, if you think of the well numbers that we gave and the speeds were 70 to 78 wells, assuming all 15 stage fracs, that will give you the number of stages for next year. And then say, incrementally, we're going to work off the backlog, half the backlog of 250. That will give you an indication of the number of stages that gets done next year.
