Mark Burford: Thank you, Kayla. Welcome, everyone, and thanks for joining us today for our fourth quarter conference call. In Denver, we have Tom Jorden, President, CEO; Joe Albi, EVP and COO; Paul Korus, Senior Vice President and CFO; John Lambuth, VP of Exploration; and Jim Shonsey, our Vice President and Controller. We issued our financial and operating results in the news release this morning, a copy of which can be found in our website. I need to remind you that today's presentation will contain forward-looking statements. However, a number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from what we discuss, and you should read our risk disclosures on forward-looking statements in our latest 10-K, other filings and press releases for the risk factors associated with our business. We have also posted a copy of the year-end investor presentation on our website, which we'll also be referring to, from time-to-time, on today's call. So with that, we'll go ahead and jump into the call, I'll turn it over to Tom Jorden.
Mark Burford: Ryan, this is Mark. I have one other thought to add to that discussion, is that, as you pointed out in the slide, for the guidance slide, we talked about oil growth, excluding property sale, being 7% to 11%. And the risking that Joe is alluding to and then further risking, if you take our risked/unrisked team's wedge, as Tom alluded to, probably be adding a few thousand barrels a day to these numbers. And if we add that back into these guidance numbers, it'll probably be close to 20% growth year-over-year in oil. So we definitely have tried to build in some uncertainty with the infrastructure, uncertainty in well timing, all those factors that go into guidance. But definitely, there's a lot more upside in these numbers if we hit our plan, but we know historically, there's always timing -- issues with timing, infrastructure, and those things. And so we try to build in, we think, would be a reasonable amount of conservatism for the numbers we can think we can reasonably achieve.
Mark Burford: WTI premium -- WTI, no, Ryan. We don't see that potential occurring. We're grateful to see it tightening to where it's gone. But I mean, we've -- when we look at the forward curve, I'd say it's still at around $1 range, that's -- we look at our models, and we don't assume it to go to premium, but we don't also assume to buying [ph] back out like we saw early late last year and early part of this year.
Mark Burford: Great. Thank you all for joining us on the fourth quarter conference call. I look forward to reporting to you next quarter. Take care. Bye-bye.
Joseph R. Albi: Phil, this is Joe, I'll answer that. Yes, if you look at the slide, it says, hey, without the property sales, we're showing 1% to 5% growth. When we throw those back in there, 7% to 11% growth. Our projections do incorporate risking. And if we're off, I think what it's basically telling us is that we've got a very strong chance of having another year of double-digit production growth. There's a couple of other things that are at play here, too. At any one given point in time, new wells make up 40% to 50% of our total company production. And those new wells, even these permian wells, they can come screaming off pretty hard. So we're always constantly fighting the snowball effect of new well decline, which can impact the rates of production growth and certainly have an impact on what ends up being the final product of our modeling. But as Tom alluded to earlier in the call, as those of you who've known us for all these years, we are focused on rate of return. And it's all about rate of return. And to the degree that production is a byproduct of that, so be it. Obviously, we want our production to go up. That year or -- all that said, our model is really showing that we have a very, very good chance of another year of double-digit production growth. And we're really pretty pleased with that. Being able to have double-digit production growth is not something to not be proud of. So that's, I guess, our answer to that question.
Joseph R. Albi: The other thing I want to add because I'm guessing we'll get the question, is on Q1, with our guidance being lower than Q4. Well, a couple of things at play there and this is also impacting our total number. But the Permian Basin sales that we closed on at the very end of the month last year, took about 15.5 million a day off our first quarter production. We also had a number of freezing issues and pipeline issues, and particularly in Culberson County, in early January, that hurt January to the tune of about 16 million a day, that built into that number. We also had a handful of good strong fourth quarter wells that came on in October and November that were on a very good screaming decline here in November and early January that we were fighting. And all of that, when you add it all up says, hey, we're going to be at about flat with Q4, which was strong quarter for us. We were at the upper end of our production guidance. All that said, the model is also saying that we anticipate production to start picking up here pretty quickly in February, and our early indications are that production is doing just that. And when you take a look at our production guidance for the year, and you look at 675 million to 705 million and you compare it to where we were in Q1 or what we're given guidance in Q1, hey, it smells an awful lot like what we told you guys last year. We're going to be kind of flat for the first half of the year and we expect to ramp up here at the end of the year and, lo and behold, that happened. And that's what we're modeling this year. We're going to have a little bit of a delayed start here in the first quarter, primarily as a result of the property sale. Our model is saying that, come around second quarter, we're going to start to see some real nice production growth. And ultimately, I hope, allow us to talk quarter-to-quarter about continued record numbers. So kind of a long answer to your question but I thought I'd knock off the second question because I thought it was going to get asked.
Joseph R. Albi: No, most of that is all due to the existing contracts, which have already been modified. Most of the old contracts that could be rewritten or revised, all that's been done. So anything really showing up now is all through new adds.
Joseph R. Albi: Oh, for the shut in. I thought -- the freeze-outs [ph] , for the most part, appear to behind us. We will have, in the Culberson County area, probably in the first part of Q2, some work done to high-grade some of our pegging facilities and improve some of the line itself. So there'll be a little bit of downtime there, but it looks like the freezing issues in January are behind us.
Joseph R. Albi: There's maybe, if you were to take a look at the Permian, I'll just tell you in equivalents, I don't know how it's going to answer the oil side of it. But I venture to say that we, just on base properties, have integrated somewhere the range of 7 million to 10 million a day of a risk in our base property production that you could attribute to being directly associated with downtime, because that's about what we saw last year as an average. Second quarter last year, I think, we had a 14 million a day impact for the quarter, and most of that was in the Permian. And let's face it, the Permian is a tight deal out there. And we're constantly finding it. We had a few wells here in Q1 that we delayed fracs on, waiting to get the connections put into place. So I guess, if you're looking for a number, that'd be about the number I'd give you. Other than that, I always take a minute when I answer this question this way, too. What we're trying to do with our guidance, heck, the majority of that number is coming from new wells, and we're trying to predict when we're going to drill, and when we're going to hit the good ones, what they're going to produce, and for the most part, I'm really pretty amazed, as close as we all get playing this game, when you're trying to project what you're going to see. So we inherently put, maybe, a 70% to 80% risk into our region on risk numbers, based on history. And that's kind of how we end up where we end up. We look at capital utilization, how well we spent money and added production and so forth, and then come up with our final number.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yes, this is Tom. If I could just follow up that up. Joe has done this for a long time and he's gotten quite astute at making these models. Our business units send in what they think they're going to do and they time it out, and Joe takes that and looks to see what historically they've done. In the oil patch, things tend to go more wrong than they go right. You have delays in timing, you have delays in equipment. And so Joe factors in what he thinks is our historical average and he risks those business unit models down. That said, the business unit modelers are getting better and better at it. They're going to challenge him and if all goes right, we're going to beat that number. But we'll just have to see as we go through the year. It'd be nice to have a year where all goes right, but it would be our first.
Thomas E. Jorden: And we're obviously -- our excitement about the Wolfcamp comes through in our comments. But we're really early times here and, with the interval as thick as it is, we have a lot of that stratigraphy we haven't tested. So we're, as yet, uncertain as to what our ultimate spacing will be, either laterally or vertically. I mean, there's an argument that says 8 wells per section is not adequate to fully exploit this resource. But the truth of the matter is, we don't know, and we really would like to get data rather than speculation.
Thomas E. Jorden: This is Tom, if I could just follow-up on that. We've long recognized the potential of Second Bone Spring in Culberson County. This is not news to us. The reason that we haven't talked about it prior to the last call or 2 is because we expected it to be gassy. Based on our overall trend in the basin, we looked at that and this part of the basin and thought, it's probably gassy. We had good shows and we drilled through it, but we hadn't tested it. And these first tests, ours and there are some offset operators, have really surprised us pleasantly. We really didn't expect the Second Bone Spring to be as oily as it is. I mean, these are fantastic oil wells. And so when you ask what controls these 100 or 200 locations? We have that sand map throughout this Culberson block. We have very good shows when we drilled through it. We're just hesitant to get too out in front of ourselves and say how oily or gassy it is, and that's the main controlling factor. Is it going to continue to be oily or will there be pockets of this land where it's a little heavier gas? So that's why we are not waving the checkered flag just yet, but we're very, very encouraged by the results we have, limited though they may be.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yes, it's Tom. It's really a function of how much money we want to borrow this year, more than anything else. Our cash flow is what it is, and we're trying to allocate it. Our returns in Cana are quite good. Our returns in the Permian, in general, are slightly better, and it's a function of how much money we want to borrow.
Thomas E. Jorden: But we have not made a final decision. We currently have 4 rigs running at Cana, and we've not made a final decision.
Thomas E. Jorden: Well, there's really 2 issues, Jeff. And I'd invite John to chime in here. One is, we're still sampling real estate. If you look at our current penetrations, although we think we've got a lot more than we know, there's still a lot of that area that's very finely sampled. So we need to just sample the real estate over that acreage block. We don't currently have planned this year a spacing pilot. Now that's something else that we're still kind of arguing about, because that's -- our experience in Cana is that, that's something you want to know as early as you can for full development. But right now, we don't have a spacing pilot planned for the Wolfcamp. And so we don't know yet what the spacing will be, both laterally and vertically. So your question is, what are we going to know by the end of the year? I think under our current plan, we're going to know the liquids yield and the producibility of that rock over a wider area than we've currently sampled, but in our current plan, we probably won't know any more about spacing than we do now.
Thomas E. Jorden: If I might add to that, Jeff. Some of the new drilling you're seeing over in Reeves County is in the shallow-most stratigraphy in that Wolfcamp. That's something that we haven't sampled in Culberson County, and there's a -- it looks interesting to us, we don't have a well in it. And it might be additive to everything else were doing and it might not be either/or, it might be additive. And please take that with a grain of salt, don't run out and update your model on that. We just don't know. I mean, we're just -- it looks to us like this Wolfcamp is going to be a legacy asset that can stand tall next to Cana for the future of Cimarex. That's the message this morning. The detail, whether it's $7 billion, $10 billion, $15 billion of future capital, we just don't know. But it's here to stay and we like it.
Thomas E. Jorden: Well, we did increase acreage in 2012. We made a couple of acreage acquisitions that we talked about. It's getting skinny on the broad brushes. But we still get up every morning, and we wrestled home some things and we're continuing to do that. But I wouldn't want to start from scratch today in that part of the real estate, that part of the world.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yes, in the New Mexico, in that Wolfcamp trend, it's by and large, I won't say 100%, but it's almost all held. We have a couple of obligation wells that we drill every year but other than that, we don't have any kind of an acreage exploration that's driving our New Mexico portion.
John Lambuth: I don't know. You should -- this is John Lambuth. I don't know you should draw any conclusion from just 2 wells. I would say, clearly, based on how we understand that formation, there is variability. But we tend to think as more of an east-west trend than north-south. But again, we still get surprises as we continue to drill this. But I would say not north-south necessarily, just based on those 2 wells.
John Lambuth: It is, and that's something again, I want to emphasize. It's a very thick shale and we have really honed in on a particular interval, where we're getting our best results. And you would expect us then to get much more consistent results as we go forward, because that's the interval that we're primarily going to be drilling in.
John Lambuth: Well, this is John Lambuth, again, and I guess, I would say 100 to 200 locations. I mean, we are very, very early. If you think we're early in Wolfcamp, we're very early in this play. We have 2 very good, very exciting wells that we wanted to tell you about. We have very limited well control. Basically, our well control in that area is our Wolfcamp drilling. It helps define that shallower Second Bone Spring. But unlike the Wolfcamp, there's quite a bit of stratigraphic variability in the Second Bone Spring, so with each well we drill, we learn a little bit more, some to the negative, some to the positive. All I can tell you is, just looking at our acreage position and the current wells we have, we see definite potential and it's in the range that I just mentioned. This year will be very important for us because we have a lot of wells. We will be drilling to test it and further define it. So maybe during the course of the year, we might be able to give you a little bit better update. But we're just being honest, this is how we see it right now, based on the limited well data we have.
John Lambuth: Well, this is John Lambuth, again. I really couldn't pick a particular price. Again, it's going to be a matter of rate of return. And that's going to be dictated by the type of section we have an opportunity to drill. Again, the yield, the NGL mix, really dictates that rate of return, more than the gas price even. So we're constantly monitoring both our results to make sure we're hitting our expected volumes and our drill costs. Right now, we're very encouraged, I mean, very encouraged with what we're seeing coming out of Cana but, that said, we're always keeping an eye toward gas prices. And yes, if it drops to a level where we don't see it to be economic, we will slow that down or even shut it.
John Lambuth: I mean, I would just say, again, I would emphasize, we're getting some really great results and they're really making it hard for us to not want to go ahead and get those rigs going. I'll leave it that way. I mean, really good results so far as we start this year.
John Lambuth: This is John Lambuth. I agree. I mean, the only thing I'd add, besides just the overall productivity of these wells is, again, we're very excited about what we're seeing with our drilling complete costs and, really, right now, as we look at these wells, that really is going to be one of the bigger drivers to the type of rate of returns we get. And so far, we're very encouraged by what we see going on in regards to those costs, both from the drill side, but especially on the completion side, is something Joe alluded to earlier. We're definitely seeing a decrease in our completion costs, and that really is very impactful for these wells.
John Lambuth: This is John Lambuth, again. Early on, we were, how do you say, all over the court? I mean, trying to understand, optimally, where we should be. It's fair to say, going forward, we've kind of honed in on the particular interval. We break it up into A, B, C, D and E. In our case, we have a particular interval that we now feel really good about and that's where you'd expect us to put the majority of our wells going forward.
John Lambuth: Well, I guess -- this is John Lambuth. What new -- which ones you're referring to, just specifically, so I can....
John Lambuth: Well, I would just say, in Culberson, I think we're pretty set on that 1 to 2 rig schedule for this year, as we continue to identify the opportunity there.
John Lambuth: For the Bone Spring, in addition to the Wolfcamp, you're absolutely right, Tom. That all -- like we say, that's always subject to change based on performance. But right now, we think that's the adequate rig schedule and capital we need to fully define that opportunity. Clearly, by the end of the year, we'll have a much better understanding of it. In terms of Reeves County, all I'll say is, we really need some more well performance and perhaps even a couple more wells, before even we're ready to talk about it. We need time there. Again, I'll just say we're encouraged. But we need a couple more wells, and we just need to see some more consistent performance, and then we'll probably be in a better position to talk about it.
John Lambuth: No, no new update as of today. You are right in that there are a couple of plays that we have been pursuing. We still have some more evaluating and drilling to do in those plays. We really can't add any color to that today.
