Dan Dinges: Yes. We appreciate the question. With the cadence that the North Group has set up and built strong acreage here with us this morning. But with the cadence that has been set up for our 2021 program, which was done certainly a while back, the timing of just when we bring on those locations is what enhances that fourth quarter production growth.  And keep in mind, by design somewhat to be able to take advantage of the anticipated fourth quarter increase in the pricing, but it was also designed in anticipation of the Leidy South coming online and commissioning.  So, by design, but keep in mind when we have just so few pads that we bring on during the year, we are – and you had seen it in the past how if you delay three or four or five days bringing on a big pad, it can either enhance your production on any given quarter or slightly reduce your production on any given quarter, but it is a very, very narrow period of time that that’s disruptive one way or the other.  But this fourth quarter increase was somewhat by design on the cadence us accelerating our capital this year upfront and kind of dissipating a little bit towards the back end into the winter months. 
Dan Dinges: Very good. I will just mention first the hedge kind of out of the way. I will let Jeff weigh in also on the Leidy South. But we are looking at the market. We are looking at the macro environment. We keep a close eye on the storage. As we mentioned, storage levels up in the east are drawn down significantly from last year and below the five year average. That’s all constructive to a 2022 pricing. So we are keeping a close eye on that. Do I think we’ll have some hedge volumes in 2022 at some point? Yes, I do. And our hedge committee meets on a fairly regular basis to have that discussion. But we’ve been bullish for the reasons we are all aware, where natural gas prices have been going. We are also aware that the capital constraints that is being demonstrated by industry is constructive to the macroenvironment. And we look forward to that continuing certainly for Cabot. The fact, Leidy South, Jeff, I am going to let you talk about and what you expect as you do it.
Dan Dinges: Yes. I’ll just make a telecommentary Arun, and I’ll let Jeff follow-up. But my view of the differentials is, it’s going to be very constructive. We realized the reason for this and having higher differentials is just the gas-on-gas competition and exacerbated by too much production to little takeaway. Half Bcf – greater than a half a Bcf a day into the markets in the basin and essentially just light out of our neck of the wood is going to be constructive. And we feel very good about it. And I think we’ll see improvements and you are already seeing out there some improvements from today as you move up. So, we were constructive and look forward to the other in my commentary. We look forward to the other pipelines into – in the 2020 to 2022 to 2024 period also to be constructive for the differentials up in the northeast. 
Dan Dinges: Yes. We have a program that’s lined out and we’ve as we discussed in the past as couldn’t close the maintenance a very low growth. And right now our plan is to stick with that. You can look at a – you can look at the impacts on differentials and you can look at your program and it makes sense for us to deliver into a market that is well tuned on supply and demand versus one that’s oversupplied. We think that makes more sense. We think it is of more value to the shareholders not moving as much gas of your inventory, your asset base for a better price point than moving more gas out of your inventory for a less price point. So we are pleased with what we are – how we are programming going forward. The increased price is not going to be the driver we look at the dips, the realizations and more importantly, we look at the takeaway that’s coming and then measuring its effects on the dips going forward. And I’ll let Jeff make a comment also. 
Dan Dinges: Yes. Josh, I’ll let Scott to respond to that, but we still have all the arrows in our quiver and we are also certainly being disappointed with where our stock range is. But I’ll let Scott handle that. 
Dan Dinges: Well, Josh, higher free cash flow as we mentioned in the second half of the year is going to be, say, double our first half of the year. And just looking at what our capital program allocation is, and looking at what we anticipate the realizations are going to be. And it’s – and I know your models out there are starting to pick up on that also. We still have a – certainly a significant unhedged volume and rolling into 2022, looking at forward curve on the 2022 free cash flow which from our internal models is significantly better than we had guided looking at it earlier in this year. So, but, right now, our cash flow is designed on our expectations. The design on the macro and our capital program that we’ve given guidance for. 
Dan Dinges: Doug, let me interrupt you one second if I could. Your phone and I am talking to Phil, your phone is cutting in and out and I am having a very difficult time receiving your question. 
Dan Dinges: Well, I am not going to speculate out that far. We have a enhancing takeaway capacity in the basin. But by the Leidy South and the PennEast and the Regional Access, so we are pleased to see additional takeaways there that we have a long, long runway of premier locations in front of us. We’ve managed our program right now to glide on a maintenance capital in light of the macro. And so, right now, the shareholders like to see a significant amount of free cash flow. They also like to see a strong balance sheet. We are able to deliver both of those, but I would only be speculating as far as maybe the timing of those lines when they would be commissioned and what the macro market is way out in front of us to answer that. I can say this. If you are just wanting drill wells and drill them for a long time and bring in the equipment and frac crews to be able to get them done to increase production, it could increase significantly from where it is today and I mean, significantly. But I am not going speculate on the amount where it might go in the next couple of years. 
Dan Dinges: Well, I am kind of constrained somewhat on the details of the merge. But I will say this, that we are combining these companies for the reasons that I outlined in my comments. It’s going to be a much stronger company, more resilient company and positioned to drive the significant free cash flow across the cycles. We are seeing cycles right now where natural gas is having its another day in the sun and it’s enhancing the cash flow of Cabot and I think it’s a benefit to both Cabot and in a combined world, it would be a benefit. So, long-term, and you look at the natural gas as a dynamic energy product of the future, I don’t know how you cannot embrace a combination that creates the resiliency and the type of company that we are going to have going forward with a extremely strong balance sheet and with a disciplined objective of delivering significant free cash flow back to shareholders. I don’t know how any shareholder could not be excited about the future of this combination. 
Dan Dinges: Yes, I will say this. I think, the variable dividend is going to look very good and particularly compared to the way it looked at the beginning of this year. However, I’ll let Scott give you some color off of. 
Dan Dinges: No, I have both Matt and Scott here and we have all kinds of modeling run on all of that getting into the details, David, we can do once we get the – all the shareholder approval. But… 
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Philippe, and thank you all for tuning in. We look forward to the future for Cabot, its shareholders and we are extremely excited about the combination with Cimarex, the quality of people they have. The asset quality they have. It’s a bright, bright opportunity for the future for both shareholder groups. And we are certainly committed to be able to deliver all that we’ve represented to deliver if not more, once we obtain the shareholder approval and get closed in the early fourth quarter.  So, thanks again for your interest and we look forward to the next meeting we have. Thank you very much. 
Jeffrey Hutton: Okay. Well, thank you, Leo. Leidy South, as you know was – has been on the drawing mode for a number of years and for Cabot, it’s an incremental 250,000 a day of the in-basin area. And for Seneca, leadership around the project is 330,000 a day from Western – Northeast PA. For Cabot, the expansion involved a couple of new compressor stations and some expansion of existing stations. Those projects are early much complete, a little bit happy begun and some we are just seeing there. We are going through to frac that up. But you anticipate a full service on December 1. However, there could be rough volumes available prior to that, the likely timing of outcome time during August. For the rest of the project, that includes the pipe replacement which are on schedule. We do have our monthly upgrades with Williams and Transco and everything is on schedule. So, incremental for Cabot and it does move further volume out of in-basin pricing down to the Mid-Atlantic area. The most part we’ve already secured markets. We have some opportunities and some auctions here that we are going to wait and see on. So we will pick up primarily the difference between the Mid-Atlantic prices and in-basin pricing. Although our expectations with basin pricing will materially improve with the low eastern storage levels and other fundamentals. 
Jeffrey Hutton: Yes. So, to your first question. I would not argue that the fundamentals have driven the or at least the differentials to a point where in total months and with other factors. There has been a little bit disappointing this year. As I spoke earlier about the pipe replacement on the system for the Leidy South expansion, that was a huge issue in May of this year did not affect Cabot operationally than in the basin we saw. Differentials drop from about $0.80 down to $1.80 not really for any good reasons, but the markets did not anticipate the duration of the pipeline pricing of Transco. All that said, back to your original question, the rate is $0.50 per Mmbtu for Cabot on our end to get out of the basin down to the Mid-Atlantic market. That compares to a$0. 65 rate that we currently have on the Atlantic Cimarex project which was the – of course the original foundation pipeline. 
Jeffrey Hutton: Yes, Neil, that’s an intriguing question, because we have – we thought about that here too. The impact of the demand across the country currently was record exports into Mexico and obviously a very robust LNG export market that is perhaps consistent day in and day out. You got a few hiccups here and there with the evolving maintenance and things like that.  But just over the last couple of years we are watching the demand increase. Even in the Pacific Northwest you mentioned the Canadian imports that’s been interesting to watch as we see agro products out there and the positioning is done more exports from Canada has in that direction and then to the upper Midwest.  That’s actually influenced the source levels in the upper Midwest. I think they are – well, somewhere well over a 100 Bcf well this time last year, same as the east coast levels. So your question about how can it go is a good question. And our many units supports – we think about that or – about that. And so, fundamentally we are set up for a good year.  A year of capital employed and yes, a good winter spot for the country this year. It impacts the system and there will be price increases. We are prepared to [Indiscernible] to our customers. The source levels will not get to where they were this time last year as well an impact.  So, how, I think that go is relative taking again the New York market, the Boston market, the Chicago market and other areas that do lack the amount of storage that we had last year. So, we are expecting later. I don’t know if there is a cap of necessarily for, $4, $5, $6, we’ve seen $8 in the New York market in the past. So, I think it’s all on the table at this point. 
Doug Leggate: Thanks. I appreciate you are doing on the call this morning. Dan, two questions. [Indiscernible] on takeaway capacity. You kind of laid out over and then post the merger, but you’ve laid that enough you have given strongly I guess. You’ve laid out the takeaway capacity expansion you expect over the next couple of years. Does that move Cabot back to expansion mode from the standalone assets? And that’s – what would you see as your… 
Doug Leggate: Okay. I’ll try with my headset it’s obviously putting up today. Sorry about that. So, my question is on takeaway capacity, what does it means for Cabot’s longer term plateau production level? Where do you think you can get to albeit with – you are obviously not going to be in the shale longer term and a lot of value is already, but what do you think the ultimate takeaway production capacity to be for Cabot longer term? That would be the simple part of the question. 
Doug Leggate: And Matt has done a pretty good job explaining how you guys kind of led to charge on capital discipline during your ten year time. So I’ll congratulate you on that. My second question if I may is, really on the merger. And again, for Cabot, this has clearly achieved a lot of things. The S4 is now. We cannot see what happened. But I am just curious to the extent that you can share from the discussions you had with your shareholders, are you at all concerned about the pushback from Cimarex shareholders that are going to own a much gassier company and as the selling company did not going to process. Are you concerned that that could get in the way of this closing? I am just curious looking your pushback to them. 
Doug Leggate: Yes, I think the issue is lack of industrial overlap. Dan, as I am sure you know, because all of the above could have been achieved with a lot more synergies I think is the issue. But I appreciate your comments and thanks so much for the answer. 
