Jeffrey W. Hutton: You're exactly right, in today's environment would not be ideal to be signing long-term agreements. We expect that environment to obviously improve. We think this it is just a temporary glitch. The majority of our contracts were signed -- I'm not going to disclose weeks, months, years, whatever -- a while back. We've only had one small long-term contract we've entered into recently, and it was one that was negotiated for a number of months. And the pricing never changed on it.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Drew, I think you hit the nail on the head. There's multiple, multiple projects that are going on. Some happened leading up to Central. Central obviously was a major milestone, and a lot will happen between now the end of the year. And these projects include additional horsepower throughout the system, bridge lines, larger diameter pipes, additional section lines. I mean, the list goes on and on. The idea is to build a system that will -- that can enhance our production with lower line pressure, and we've got a ways to go. But these facilities are on schedule, and it's very dynamic, very fluid. So there's always something going on as we build this out.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Well, if -- in a perfect world, if differentials didn't move around like we all know they do, then the firm transportation contracts do take us places that have higher and better basis differentials in today's world.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: I just think it's a longer lateral. I mean, it's just basically just friction. It think you tend to produce the heel stages first and then you get contribution from the tow stages as you draw down the pressure in the heel stages.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: Ray, I've got some numbers. They're more fun facts that -- like a bentex [ph] where someone would publish. But essentially, Northeast -- there's probably 1.5 Bcf of new capacity coming on by year end as a number of new projects. Again, it's very dynamic. There's just a ton of projects that are proposed. And just like any other, about half of these projects will get built. But we look at it 2 ways because you look at pipelines that are normal expansions, like the Texas [indiscernible] that we do not have capacity on, we don't produce into. It does regionally influence where gas flows and what happens to pricing. And then we look more specifically at the pipelines we're connected to and will be connected to and the expansion projects that those pipes have. Over the next few years -- it's a big number. And some of those projects won't get built, and some will get built and then expanded upon. So it's a moving target, but we feel good about the expansions that have just happened in the last 12 months, for example. And so the ones going forward will only enhance what our opportunities are.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: No, we're not going to get that detail. But just for an example, this year, we're probably 80% of our production is sold under contracts that are existing. That number moves around. We have -- the market is quite dynamic in how it purchases gas. There's still a lot of buyers out there for 1-year deals and a lot of buyers for April, October deals and November, March deals and 1-month deals. I mean, it's all over the place. But if it helps, we're about 80% sold for this year currently.
Jeffrey W. Hutton: It'll do both, and there will be -- there's a lot of projects between now and then, so we have no idea of the effect, but we know that it's from the hydraulics perspective, from our planning teams. It's going to be very helpful.
Dan O. Dinges: So we have felt good about the -- what we've seen on Central. Keep in mind, Central is still in the start-up phase. In my opinion, we have -- we've done a great job. And certainly, Williams has done a great job in getting a very complicated infrastructure system up, running and in place. But as any big operational project, we have ups and downs and starting at different times -- starting and stopping at different times. And we also have -- as part of the turbine process at Central, we have 3 re-sips at Central also. So when you look at the area of our current production, let's take the gross 1.2 Bcf, Central does not touch all of that. But when you look at the impact, we think we have seen early stage and the results of just Central and not of new production, we think it has been a plus or minus 15% positive effect on existing wells.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, as far as the rig count is concerned, we haven't given any guidance out beyond '13 at this time. We'll get more color at our next conference call in October. But our tentative plan at this stage would be to add another rig to have 7 rigs running in the field in '14. And certainly, with the growth that we see out in front of us right now, we are quite optimistic and positive about continuing our story out in front of us.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, as we were still moving the rigs around in the field, capturing primary term acreage, so we have not gotten to the stage yet where we have gone and can go into full development mode. We do anticipate in '14 to have some rig activity on pads to implement pad development. But some of our rigs, also in '14, will continue to capture acreage. Full pad development will move out towards '15 when we can start talking about maybe all of our activity being on pad drilling. And as far as the spacing is concerned, we will continue to evaluate the most efficient spacing on our wells. Some of that work will be -- began in earnest once we are able to do some pad drilling.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we've seen efficiencies. And looking at our typical -- again, back to our typical type 14 Bcf well, we're in the, say, upper-$5 million to mid-$6 million range, depending on effects on roads and locations and whatnot. And we have -- as you're aware, we have in our presentation, our media presentation, we have a slide that depicts some of the savings that we think we're going to realize comparing a 10-well pad versus a 2-well pad. And we think that, that savings -- from what we drill right now, we think that savings would be greater than $500,000 per well once we are able to move to pad drilling.
Dan O. Dinges: No. We continue to have our same mentality about the Marmaton and the other areas that we are not allocating a great deal of capital to. And if we find the right opportunity, and it looks like we could find a win-win deal out there, then we would consider divesting the Marmaton or saving the Marmaton.
Dan O. Dinges: Oh, I don't have that in my fingertips. We did revise the overall guidance from the 35% to 50% to the 44% to 54%. I -- Marshall, I'm sorry, but I don't have just right at my fingertips the progression through third and fourth quarter. But we are -- and we do anticipate that the Central compressor, as we continue to work it, the fuel guys continue to manage the fuel directionality of our gas based on the areas of lower pressure on the gathering system. We do expect it will be a learning curve from our guys in the field, and we do expect to see efficiency gains by virtue of this reduced line pressure.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, certainly, we're very pleased with the longer laterals and are -- the longer lateral. And by virtue of those results, our guys are evaluating the layout in the field and will make an effort to drill the longer laterals than what we have been drilling in the past. I don't have and have not seen a well count yet on how many we'll be able to get out to 7,000 or 8,000 feet, but I know that they are working on that. And with the assumption and continued good curve bits over and above our typical wells, we think we could move our EUR up in the Eagle Ford, but we're not prepared to do that at this stage.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, I'll make a brief comment then I'll throw it to Matt. Certainly pleased and knew -- when we look at the flowback profile and it had a lot of stages in there, and I don't know, as it flowed back, it's made a difference or -- if we're in fractures or what. But I'll let Matt make a brief comment.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we have the increased efficiencies that we are realizing in the Eagle Ford. We have higher cost acreage in the Eagle Ford. We have more of a maintenance -- my primary term, maintenance issue in the Eagle Ford that we need to focus on. And then that is the motivation to focus 2 rigs down there versus 1. We are very pleased with the Marmaton, and your numbers are accurate and consistent with ours on the good returns we get from the Marmaton. We think for '13 that our primary term acreage position up in the Marmaton is in pretty good shape. So that -- all of that has influenced our decision on how to allocate our capital.
Dan O. Dinges: No. We see variability in the wells. And no, it was not more frac stages. We see variability in some of the wells -- not a great delta. But we do see some in some areas. We have a better, maybe fracture system that we're connected to and can fracture into, but -- we have seen those type of performances not only in the wells you are talking about, but we've seen those type of performances on a per-stage basis on some of the wells also in our areas we've done majority of our drilling.
Dan O. Dinges: Yes. No, we don't have it -- we don't have it choked back or held back at this stage. I think along the lines, what Matt indicated, it's seeing -- as we go and as we produce, think additional contributions from additional stages.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we have talked about new ventures in the form of portfolio management. And the Marmaton has been an area that we've discussed on maybe new venture opportunity. We have also looked at some of our legacy conventional assets in the Gulf Coast, and we also look at some of our East Texas properties as far as maybe an opportunity that we would create for Cabot.
Dan O. Dinges: All right. On the rig efficiency, we're probably looking at 20 to 25, plus or minus, as far as moving forward.
Dan O. Dinges: Certainly. Certainly, there's the opportunity to improve that. And my reference to an extended 500-well program and how long that would last -- I would just reference to 2-well program because that's where we're going to drill right now. But when you look at the efficiency gains that we anticipate making on pad drilling and you then roll back, and once we are able to justify and realize consistent efficiency gains, get the well costs down, show the improvement hopefully that we plan on seeing in the IPs and 30-day average in the IRR, then we will make a decision on how much of our free cash we will continue to allocate to the Eagle Ford, which, certainly, if Matt and his guys can do this pad drilling, they can drive the costs down and continue to deliver and we can get the returns up into the 60%, 70%, 80% range, there's a lot of justification on allocating CAPEX to those type of projects.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, I don't think we're facility constrained per se. Where our gas is producing, though, into a high line pressure, I think we have seen that by adding additional facilities in the form of the Central compression station, that by reducing those line pressures, I think -- well, we think we have seen a plus or minus 15% improvement from the existing wells. So if by definition that is part of facility constraints, maybe so.
Dan O. Dinges: Yes. Well, we -- yes, we have very few examples on the -- with the upper Marcellus, and we've been pleased with those results. And what we've indicated in the past is what we see as far as the curved pit is kind of an A+ Bcf type run on the upper.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we're not -- we're looking at our curved pits, Ray, and we have a 14 Bcf-type of well that we've assigned and identified as our typical well because there's always variability in the number of stages and the lateral lengths. But on a per thousand foot of lateral length, we're comfortable with where we are. And if down the road we can see some improvements, then we'll recognize those. But we're comfortable where we are right now and don't feel like we need to push it.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we're pleased with those wells out there. The early curved pit is good, and the consistency we see from -- Halliwell [ph] has come on and how they continue to pit the curve is consistent, I should say. And so we're very pleased with what we're seeing out there.
Dan O. Dinges: Well, we don't -- one, we don't need to do it now. And right now, we are focused on the lower Marcellus at this stage. We have -- in the past, to gather data, we have drilled deeper than the Marcellus. And certainly, we've looked at sections shallower than the Marcellus. But that's just data in the bank right now.
Dan O. Dinges: Thank you, Andrew. I appreciate everybody's diligence and the questions that were asked. Again, a lot of questions on clarity from the marketing side of it. I think the takeaway is that we are very comfortable where we sit today and our marketing and its impact on realized pricing for Cabot in spite of the volatility we see out there. And I think you've also seen some very good results in the eastern portion, again, supporting our thesis all along, the de-risking of acreage out that way. And I think -- and I was pleased to see a number of new questions regarding our Eagle Ford operation as we are now starting to show some efficiency capture and some gains in that particular operation. So I'm pleased with where we are. Thanks for the interest, and we will continue to perform. Thanks. And that concludes my remarks.
James M. Reid: As Dan said, we frac-ed 30 stages in that well, and that well came on and was relatively flat, decreased slightly in its performance. But I think what we -- what happened was we continued to get contribution from additional stages as we went on. I think we got contribution early along from the field. And later on, we started to get contribution from the other stages. And as a matter of fact, it just continues to get stronger. We've been seeing that well continue to improve in performance even today. So I think what's happened is we're getting additional contribution from additional stages. We also have done a few things differently in our completion techniques, and I think that's helped as well.
James M. Reid: Sure. We've done several things. It's not just one. We've changed our bottom hole assembly so that we don't trip as many times for our directional assemblies. We've cut that trip time basically almost to one trip. That's been a big, big plus. We've pushed our motors to differentials such that we're -- our P rates are much higher -- penetration rates are much higher than they were. And also, we've changed the way that we check our directional surveys such that we don't have to [indiscernible] the way we used to. We take regular signals, so we cut that time drastically in half. It just [indiscernible] from other rig efficiencies as well.
James M. Reid: Yes. I could speak a little bit. Just -- you can look at it this way: we -- on our pad drilling on our first well and our rig move, it's about an 18 day from move to rig release to the next well. And then on every additional well, it's additional 13 days. So roughly, you can take that on a 4-well pad, I think that's roughly 57 days, and you can do the math on the 6-well pad. So you can do the math as far as that goes on a [indiscernible] basis.
