Scott Schroeder: Thanks for the question. Yeah, we're excited about the buyback. I can assure you our board is excited about the buyback, and we're planning on leaning in very heavily to execute on that, starting as soon as we possibly can. Again, all the facts that you laid out in terms of the free cash flow, the head space we have this year, look for us to make a tremendous impact on that amount during the – starting right now in the second quarter or even in the first quarter. In terms of the cash on the balance sheet, I'm comfortable with what we have on the balance sheet. It doesn't mean we have to stay there. If we see an opportunity, we can go a little below it and – but we're not inclined to sit around and build large cash balances above where we're at today.
Scott Schroeder: Yes. Let me just add to that in terms of just a one liner. You started that commentary with a buyback. And the best acquisition activity for us right now is buying in our shares based on our overall valuation. So, that's where you lean in hard on an M&A transaction.
Scott Schroeder: No, I wouldn't end up in the fallback position that because we added the buyback, we're going to go back to just 50%. Tom emphasized -- let me emphasize what Tom has said, is the plus is still in play. And we will do the same level of debate that we do every time when we sit around the table. Part of what drove the above the 50% this time was the fact that we didn't have the buyback in place in the market time when we could have been buying on some dislocation between our shares and our peers' shares. So, that also stepped the scale in terms of the decision-making process to go to the 60%.
Scott Schroeder: Yes. Thanks, Holly. We're much like we're telegraphing on the buyback, where we've been leaning in on the hedge front. You saw the announcement of the ones that we have put in place. So far, we've focused on gas. We're -- obviously, with oil at $100 here, we're getting indications as we speak, while we're sitting around the table. So we're looking at potentially adding that. The overall philosophy for Coterra is, lean on wide collars or collars that make a lot of sense. You'll see a lot of what we’ve added. Recently, we've implemented, kind of, started touching winter next year and expanding, and we'll kind of keep things 12 to 18 months out in front of us, leaning on wide collars with an over -- again, we've got a tremendous balance sheet. We've got tremendous return profile out in front of us. Hedging can underpin some of that, but we don't need a lot of hedging to underpin it. We're very confident in what we can do. At the same time, historically, legacy Cabot was a-third to two-thirds. I would say that percentage is probably down, targeting 25% to 50%, 50% would be more of an outlier based on where we're at.
Scott Schroeder: One of the things we did in the discussion with the Board, we look back, as we said in our prepared remarks, kind of, our relative valuation and also our intrinsic valuation and surprise, surprise, we're undervalued on both of those accounts and particularly when you look from Coterra's underlying performance from 10/1 to date, no one around this table is happy with that. Unlike legacy Cabot, who did buybacks before pretty much 100% opportunistically, we're going to be, as I said in my answer to the first question, we're going to lean in and be more focused on dollar cost averaging and be more consistent over the course of our periods when we can buy. We're subject to the same blackouts that our individual people are subject to. So the first two months of this year, even if we had had an authorization, we've been blacked out because of the knowledge of the financial statements. So you got a window in March, a couple -- then you get a couple of months each quarter after that. So we'll be leaning in, creating a formulaic approach for a base buyback and still having the opportunistic when we see disconnects in the market on things that just are misinterpreted or misrepresented or however it takes place to step on a scale when we do that. But we are very focused on making a lot of progress on this immediately.
Scott Schroeder: We're seeing progress. We made tremendous progress. One of the best things we did was hire an independent consulting firm to come in and help with us. We have dedicated an employee to the value capture around synergies, not just from a G&A perspective, but have identified, as Tom has talked a lot about, the thinking between the new ideas, the cross-pollination of ideas between all the teams. And so there's dollars that far exceed what the anticipated G&A savings were that we laid out kind of when we didn't know a lot, we were trying to have a guess. We're going to hit the $100 million in G&A savings. But like we said, I think that the big carrot around where we were, we were very clear in the press release to say, give us 18 to 24 months to do that because of some legacy severance programs that are fairly robust in terms of timing and trying to get new people in, legacy people out that aren't willing to move. And so at the end of the day, we're hoping to accelerate that up to the kind of the 15-month time period at the end of this year. The severance is probably -- we're probably 40% of what ultimately it will be. I don't know the cadence through the rest of this year and maybe some does bleed into '23. But our goal is to have that overhead expense function rock solid for '23, as rock solid as it can be.
Tom Jorden: That is a great topical question. Driving in this morning, I heard a fascinating discussion about just oil markets globally and their response and the public policy position around US over. So this is a very topical issue, not only in management meetings, boardroom, but also global policy. We're going to continue to engage with our owners and listen to our owners. I will not be surprised, if there is not a call on the US shale producer to grow, depending on what happens to world energy markets, global inflation and some of the turmoil we're seeing around energy security. US producer has the wherewithal the ability to grow. Coterra certainly has both. We have the assets that can generate growth. But we also – our commitment to Shale 3.0 is real and it is steadfast, and we are going to stay very close to our owners on this topic. We made that pledge for Shale 3.0 a couple of years ago at legacy Cimarex, at that point in time; we were talking about go-forward investing 60% to 70% of our cash flow in our capital program. And here we are today, able to maintain or modestly grow our production, investing less than 35% of our cash flow in our operations. It's a remarkable time in our business, which means our industry has tremendous optionality on this topic. But we're going to stay close to our owners and make sure that our pledge to return to our owners is not cast aside.
Tom Jorden: Well, look, there are a lot of factors that go into that, and Scott did a nice job laying them out, but one is pad size and just timing of our program, running two rigs and Scott said, one-plus completion crews in the Marcellus certainly puts us at the mercy of project timing, and that's a big, big impact on our 2022 program. These assets are tremendous. I will tell you that. Obviously, over the last couple of days reviewing the returns of our 2021 program and our expected returns of our 2022 program. And I will say that they are top of the heap at corporate wide. They compete heads up in every way, shape and form with Permian returns. We made a tactical decision to rebalance our liquids revenue up a little bit in 2022. Marcellus is alive and well, and I think you'll look for 2023 to see a return to growth in the Marcellus. We're very satisfied with where we are.
Tom Jorden: Well, that's the easiest question I'm going to get all day. At $100 oil and where gas prices are, it's a seller's market.
Tom Jorden: Yes. The -- of course, we ended '21 with a strong rush of oil production. So that's going to drive our decline. It's, give or take, around 40% as we exit '21. I don't have in front of me what it is in the year '22. It's going to moderate. It's probably down to about 33%. I've just had a note handed to me. So my memory was suddenly refreshed on that. And then go forward, you're going to see a more consistent cadence. We're really in the process of really getting our arms around multiyear plans. So we're looking at '22 and '23 plans, and we have in front of us, although we're not prepared to talk about it publicly. We do have in front of us actual firm plans that carry us through '23. And going forward, we're going to be talking about our program rolling 2-year average. And so a lot of the consistency of our field operations will pay off in future consistency. So that decline will moderate by end of year '22.
Tom Jorden: Yes. Now our Marcellus program is spread among a number of East Coast basis. I will say that in the Marcellus, we sell about 20% of our volumes gas daily pricing. About 12% is a fixed price. And then about 68% is based on some monthly go-forward index. And so it's always -- it's been remarkable to me to watch how much decoupling there has been against a monthly basis in gas daily over the last month or two. And then in the Marcellus, about 12.5% of our gas goes ultimately to the water on LNG contracts. And yes, we can provide some more detail on those bases that Marcellus is. In the Permian, we -- it's a little different story. We sell about 87% of our gas on a daily pricing and about 13% of our gas on a monthly index. And then Anadarko, it's about 50/50 daily versus monthly. So we like to have that mix of monthly index and daily exposure in our portfolio.
Tom Jorden: Yes. I think we're in reasonable shape. I mean, the Permian is really tight right now, and it's been very topical on sand. We're -- we have great relationships with our vendor network, and we anticipate having any plays. That said, there have been times when frac crews have been waiting on sand, but we don't see that as a huge hurdle. Blake is in the room. I'm going to invite Blake to just comment on this.
Tom Jorden: No, I'd be happy to, Arun. I love talking about the business, and we're really making some progress here. First, I'm going to say that our team at is amazing. I mean not only operating, but also new it's just amazing. And it's been really fun to see learnings go both ways. And you'll remember, Arun, that at Cimarex, we had a bit of a challenge with spacing and completion design and how that interplay and parent-child inference, I mean, all these things are real, and they particularly show up as you get into infill development. I will say, certainly, the Marcellus is facing those same issues, and I think there's some great ideas floating around. We're looking at where we can enlarging our spacing a little bit in the Marcellus. So that's going from 800 feet between wells to 1,000 feet. And with that, we're actually looking at upsizing our completion energy a little bit. And we think that is -- it's a complex problem. It's not just spacing, it's parent-child interference and child to child response. But we've got early indications that, that's really an effective approach. It won't be the last answer, but it's certainly guiding a lot of our go-forward program. So the difference between the five and seven wells in Lower Marcellus as a direct answer to your question, is whether we go to a 1,000-foot spacing or 800-foot spacing. Where we can, we're planning on going to 1,000-foot spacing. Now because of the geometry available to us, that's not something we can do everywhere. But we think it's really going to address some of these issues in the Marcellus as it did in the Permian.
Tom Jorden: Well, Michael, I'll just tee it up. I'm going to let Blake chime in here. It's certainly back on the worry list as production increases in the baseline gas production increases also. A few summers ago, this was a hot topic. And at the time, I said there's three words that gave me solace here, and it's God bless Texas. In Texas, you have the opportunity for markets to adapt swiftly. You can -- what happened in -- then they can service oil and pipelines were repurposed. Some NGL lines went to oil. There were some new pump stations built and the market reacted swiftly. And so the smart play there was to just trust the market and throttle through it. I think gas is going to be similar to that. We're seeing some really encouraging signs of innovation, stepping up to get us through the bridge between now and when we'll have some new pipelines. But I'm going to let, Blake, specifically address that.
Tom Jorden: Mike, a remarkable thing is we drilled some wells out there five or six years ago that have performed really well over time. And so when we look at those wells and uplift them to 10,000 feet, if we change nothing other than use that information, the returns on these Andokro projects are stellar. But we're also looking at some new completion designs and using what we've learned on completion. And then there are some new offset wells in that deeper part of the basin that are just remarkable. And one of the things that makes them so remarkable isn't just the absolute gas rates, but you also get a pretty good NGL stream index. It's a rich gas. So you have a turbocharge to your revenue. So we're – this is not an uncalibrated project. And there are a couple of other operators out there that include as well, much to our dismay, because we did a pretty good job of consolidating our position. So we have a good inventory of opportunities where we can exploit this with two-mile laterals. The Carol Elder was a good project. We learned a lot there. But Lone Rock is a different beast. It's a little different pressure sync within the basin. So some of the lessons of Lone Rock are more applicable to Lone Rock in the basin real large, but we're pretty excited about the opportunities. And we love to the question about market constraints, having that Anadarko is a tremendous relief fall for our program. We're glad to have it.
Tom Jorden: Yeah, Neal, again, we just reported the first quarter as Coterra and we're kind of in our -- starting our first full year, our first full year guidance. My expectation is that the maintenance CapEx number would be less than what we're looking at this year. But I would echo around the gas question that you talked about, let's understand that -- and this was something that we -- not struggled, but we had to manage around as legacy Cabot. Just as what Tom said before, the cadence when you -- the high capital efficiency and the high productivity of those wells only requires you to run two rigs, maybe 2.5 rigs and less than two completion crews. And so you don't have a whole inventory of wells to roll on. So depending on the cadence of the pad, one of the things we looked at our -- right now this morning -- right now is a moment in the year when we have -- we just added a third rig in the Marcellus. But two of those three rigs are on eight-well pads and 10 well pads. And so when you do the lead time on that, you're looking way late in the year before you're going to see the impact of that investment today. And so while a maintenance -- when we get more in a cadence across all three basins, I think maintenance will definitely come down from where it is right now. And at the same time, the question is, is maintenance the way to manage this company in terms of a question that was asked to Tom earlier in terms of where the market is. We're going to run it judiciously like we are. We're going to move capital, where it makes the most sense. We moved more capital in 2022 to the oil province because the margins are just stellar and there's margin expansion more than in the gas market even with the good gas prices right now. So long-winded answer, apologize for that, but try to give you a little more color.
Tom Jorden: Well, I'm not sure I'd say either one. As we get more confident about our development scheme, it just begs for larger projects. You can take advantage of a tremendous amount of efficiencies there, efficiencies of operations, rig efficiencies, completion efficiencies. We've got our completion crews, as you know, we've got a really great partner in our completion vendor. And we've got some of the highest productivity in the basin in their fleet. And so we've got a really well-oiled machine going here and that part of that is the larger project size. When you parsed out the smaller project size and you're moving, you're demoving – you're moving and there's just a lot of opportunity for things to interrupt. So we do have a natural bias to larger project sizes in the Marcellus, Permian and Anadarko. And that's one of the reasons we're so excited about the Upper Marcellus. As Scott mentioned, we've got a nine-well pad flowing back. Seven of those wells are in the Upper Marcellus, or I say flowing back, about to come online. And this is the direct -- I think this is the direction of our industry. If you have the assets, it really steers you to larger project sizes.
Tom Jorden: Yes. It depends on the rocks. If you have frac barriers, you have the luxury of developing zone by zone and then coming back. And that's -- we're going to need more time for that subject. We've recently acquired a lot of science that we've learned a lot about vertical communication within that stratigraphic section and a lot that we've learned surprising. And it's informing how we're going to develop it. But whether it's the Marcellus or the Permian or the Anadarko, at the end of the day, it comes down to the rocks and the resource in place. And we just have some of the best rocks there in our business.
Tom Jorden: Yes, that's certainly -- we've got two or three different avenues that open to us. But yes, there are additional volumes we might be able to.
Tom Jorden: Yes, I really want to brag on that team in Pittsburgh. They are innovative, they're great at the business. And it's just remarkable what they've accomplished. So, I think everybody is benefiting from Coterra equally.
Tom Jorden: Well, David, you said shorter lateral length. I mean, the shorter lateral length is going to be a function of our remaining lower Marcellus. Once we go to the upper Marcellus, we're more or less wide open. And that's one of the many reasons to be really excited about the Upper Marcellus.
Tom Jorden: Yes. No, that is completely a function of -- we're in a process now the five to seven years of lower Marcellus inventory is excellent, but it's not wide open. We're going back and infilling gaps and one of the constraints there is lateral length.
Tom Jorden: No, it's a handful. I don't have the number in front of me, but we're still primarily focusing on the Lower Marcellus. And as we go, what we're doing is we're very carefully delineating this project, we're flowing back here shortly is important to us. But we really do want to -- we've got plenty to do in Lower Marcellus. We'll throw in a project or 2 along the way in the Upper Marcellus to just gain understanding. But one, because of our overall system constraints, we're mostly focused on the Lower Marcellus.
Tom Jorden: Thank you. And I want to thank everybody for a good set of questions. Just in closing, I want to say we were very pleased to announce our ordinary variable dividend. Very pleased to be embarking on our share buyback. And if you heard anything on this call, I hope you heard that, that 50-plus commitment of cash return is not competing with the buyback. It's additive to it. And we really do look forward to continuing to be one of the leading companies in our sector on yield to our owners. So looking forward to a great '22 and great '23. We are hard at work here. So thank you very much, and appreciate you joining us.
