Mark Burford: Thank you very much, Michelle. I appreciate everyone joining us today on the fourth quarter conference call. We did issue our financial and operating results for you this morning, a copy of which can be found in our website. We have also posted a presentation today for the year-end results, which is also on our Presentation tab, which I'll refer you to on that as well, which we might refer to from time to time on today's call. I'll also warn you that we'll be making forward-looking statements in this call, and please see the end of our press release for our disclaimer regarding forward-looking statements. Today here in Denver on the call we have Mick Merelli, Chairman and CEO; Tom Jorden, Executive Vice President of Exploration; Joe Albi, Executive Vice President of Operations; and Paul Korus, Senior Vice President and CFO; and Jim Shonsey, Vice President and Controller here in Denver.  We have a lot to cover today, so I'll go ahead and just turn the call over to Mick Merelli.
Mark Burford: Hey, Nick. If you're still online, it's Mark Burford. Just to answer your proved and developed PV-10 question, of our $3.6 billion of PV-10 pretax, $206 million of that is proved and developed reserves. $206 million of PV-10 pretax.
Mark Burford: Scott, you know it's really rough -- [indiscernible] [1:25:38] too much weight on that, Scott. But we trying to incorporate some rough, real rough estimates on what we could drill in the second and third Bone Spring both in New Mexico and West Texas, put a real swag number of what we could drill on the Wolfcamp for next several years. Or some swag number on Wolfcamp as well. So they're very loose number, Scott, but we put some numbers on the acreage and spacing and...
Mark Burford: Thank you all for joining us today. The call went a bit long, but appreciate all the questions and looking forward to continue reporting to you in future quarters. Thank you very much.
Paul Korus: Thank you, Joe. As a result of some pretty heavy lifting by both our exploration and operations groups, I have some, what I think are impressive financial results to recap for you.  With higher oil prices and substantially higher production, we had oil and gas sales of a little over $1.5 billion, of which $1.2 billion hit the EBITDA line after adjusting for working capital and things like that, we had $1.1 billion of cash flow. And from there, we had $575 million of very high-quality earnings or $6.70 a share. As has been our history, we reinvested the bulk of our cash flow in exploration and development, and of course, had very good results. Since we look to 2011, we've mentioned -- we expect our capital expenditures to be $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion, and I do believe that any reasonable estimates of our cash flow will coincide with that number. We have a little bit of a cushion though because we walk into the year with $114 million of cash on our balance sheet, and the only debt that we have remaining is our $350 million of senior notes due in 2017. So by any measure, investment-grade credit statistics, which we shall list for you on our Slide 27, 12% debt-to-cap ratio. Our EBITDA is 3.5x our debt. Operationally, we've covered a lot of things. The short version is we grew our production 29% and our proved reserves 23%. Good finding costs, higher reserve replacement ratios, and we did not do it with PUDs, obviously. Our PUD percentage is the same as it was at the end of last year, 23%. In absolute numbers, PUDs were up a little bit, but no more than we increased our proved developed reserves. Of our PUDs, still half of them are in our Riley Ridge project, which we hope will be on production by the end of '11, if not soon thereafter, and we're only carrying about 200 BEs of PUDs in Cana at this point. Production-wise, as Joe mentioned, our best estimate at this time is 615 million to 645 million a day. So obviously, we don't think we can repeat the type of growth that we had in 2010, but you have to remember that a lot of that increase was driven by those wells in the Gulf Coast, which of course represent the best wells any of us have ever seen in our careers. So that's a very tough act to follow in terms of production volume growth, but it's not unreasonable to expect that our reserve growth could continue along a pace that we saw in 2010. The last page just outlines, for completeness' sake, our hedge position. The short version there is that we wish we had more gas swapped. We only have 20 million a day, but at the time we were doing this, we were unwilling to swap into a market that we thought represented a low price of $5. Of course, now here we are $1 lower. So in hindsight, it's pretty easy to say we wish we had fetched more gas and maybe a little less oil. The remainder of what you see on our website are things that we require to show you because we use some non-GAAP terms. So you'll see definitions of EBITDA, debt-to-cap calculations, cash flow from operations and finding development costs. With that, operator, we would be very happy to begin to entertain questions.
Paul Korus: Brian, we'll quickly trying to dive into future development embedded in the PV10, Jim, is what he's asking.
Paul Korus: Gil, it's Paul. I'll take a stab at this. We recognize we're not very good at forecasting prices. So particularly last year, we walked in fairly cautious, if you will, in terms of what would happen to prices as the year unfolded. We had a fairly recent memory of some much lower oil prices. And so we only had four rigs running in the Permian in the first half of the year. So as we gain confidence in where the price of oil was and that it might stay there, then we added rigs. And so we spent substantially more in the second half than we did in the first half. But, frankly, we were just unable to catch up with what turned out to be more cash flow than we thought we would have.
Paul Korus: A couple of things. Total company production of 25,000 to 30,000 barrels a day were not a dominant part of any pipeline or market. The bulk of our oil production is priced off of WTI and NYMEX. Do we wish we had some more priced off of LLS? Yes, we do, but it's just a function of where we operate.
Paul Korus: While Mark is looking -- this is Paul -- I'd tell you we did plan to file our 10-K by next Friday. All this stuff will be more readily available to you.
Thomas Jorden: Brian, this is Tom. Of course, the Bone Spring is lots of different targets. So I'm probably not going to answer the question you asked, but in our second Bone Spring play in Eddy and Lea County, when we count, we get somewhere with our current land position with our currently mapped targets in generally the second and third Bone Spring at somewhere, I would say, between 75 and 100 locations. But that is a constantly changing number, and in that fairway in particular, we had some objectives in the first Bone Spring that we're very excited about that we haven't tested yet, and it overlays our entire position. So that's what we count today. In the third Bone Spring horizontal oil play down in Ward, Reeves, Winkler County, in that fairway map we show in our website, that would be southeastern edge of the fairway. We have about 150 gross locations yet to drill in that project in the third Bone Spring oil. And then everywhere in between, we have lots and lots of inventory. I mean, I -- yes, and our White City play in Eddy County, we have a second Bone Spring oil play that we really haven't even talked much about. We drilled the well last fall that looks very encouraging to us. It's an exact look-alike to our second Bone Spring play in Eddy and Lea County to the north. The gas oil ratio is a little higher there, but it's -- their oil wells and we have an inventory there in our current lease position of about 80 to 85 locations. So, Brian, we don't typically count locations, but nonetheless, we have a multiyear inventory at our current run rate.
Thomas Jorden: Those are typically gross locations, and our working interests vary typically there between 16% and 100% in those plays.
Thomas Jorden: Your first question has not surprised us. I think I would be disingenuous if I didn't say, yes, we've been pleasantly surprised by our results. When we marched into that play, in Eddy and Lea County and the second Bone Spring, our initial model was built around 250,000 to 300,000 barrels recovery per well, and we were talking about initial production rates of about 250 barrels per day. And that was based upon no production history. There were very few horizontal wells drilled in that trend. So, yes, we've been pleasantly surprised by our model. Our current model for a go-forward well in that trend is a well that will produce ultimately 570,000 barrels of oil at Mboe, of which 400,000 barrels of that is oil and 170,000 Mboe is gas. And we'll produce 600 barrels of oil on average in its first 30 days. As you can see from the results we've reported, our averages are actually north of that. So I don't have in front me what our P10 is, but we drilled some wells that have averaged over 1,000 barrels a day and are upwards of at or near 1 million barrel well, so it's a wonderful trend.
Thomas Jorden: I'm going to say, we wouldn't drill the well unless it fell. I mean, we will drill the well for one or two reasons just because we have availability that wouldn't have otherwise and because its cheaper on a barrel basis. And I would anticipate the cost would fall for drilling a water well.
Thomas Jorden: Permitting generally is not the challenge in Texas and it has been in New Mexico. So when we look at our obstacles in Culberson County, I'll say permitting is not one of them.
Thomas Jorden: No, there would be no impact on EUR. What we're talking about during like in Cana different techniques for drilling, as time shave down our drilling days. On the completion side, it's always a balancing act to juggle the cost of your completion with the results from your completion. And we've been able to alter our Cana practice on such that we're seen as good or not better type of results from the frac.
Thomas Jorden: Well, at beginning of the year, we're saying 16 Permian rigs, and we're now at 17. So we'll probably have between eight to nine in Cana, one to three in the Gulf Coast. So we'll be 25 to 30 rigs.
Thomas Jorden: Well, this is Tom. We do. We've taken core and log data on the Penn Shale. We don't have a table for it. I can say the Penn Shale would stack up. It's not as thick. And it's also variable. So it's kind of hard to quote averages. But we typically see the Cisco/Canyon, where we have logged with modern gas shale logs, where we have core, we typically see it as competing with these types of source rocks. We would be typically north of -- somewhere around 100 Bcf a section. It's got good organic content, good porocity. And then, of course, as I said, the recovery factor is a big wild card. And we definitely see it as an independent objective to these targets.
Thomas Jorden: Well, it's not as thick. But I would say yes, it's comparable to the Wolfcamp in terms of source rock quality.  One of the things that, Ronny, that we haven't done and the reason we're not kind of beating the drum more loudly on this Cisco/Canyon, we don't have a modern horizontal stimulation. We have drilled a number of vertical wells in and around White City where we have either used it as primary objective or recompletions, and we're very, very encouraged. But the next thing we need to do is get a lateral down and put a modern stimulation on it.  And what I mean by modern, the one horizontal well we did drill in the Cisco/Canyon, we drilled in the wrong orientation. We only had 700,000 pounds of profits in place. Today, if we were to drill that well, we'd reorient it, and we would put five times that amount of profit in that stimulation. And we're seeing that to make a huge difference. And so we are really, really encouraged and excited by this Penn Shale or Cisco/Canyon, as we call it, but we don't have the kind of results that we did with Wolfcamp.  One of the reasons we're focusing on Wolfcamp and not Avalon is some of these leases are only held to depth drill. And so we're kind of focusing on deeper objectives.  Just in terms of if you look at the landscape out here, in our White City-Culberson, Avalon's at about 5,700 feet, Wolfcamp is at about 9,500 feet and Cisco/Canyon is about 10,500 feet. So it's not -- for some in this area, I think we're going to have all three of those three objectives stacked. And we don't know the spacing yet. We really have a lot that we don't know.
Thomas Jorden: This is Tom. We have a pretty good average out here. I can tell you that the condensate yields vary from 20 to 80 barrels per million on the wells we've drilled. And one of the things, just an editorial comment, in this part of the world, these yields can vary significantly. And generally, basin, White and Delaware Basin, as you go from west to east, you get gassy to more oily. We've yet to test. We have drilled but haven't completed yet.  On the map we show, as you go further east, we have some Wolfcamp tests that haven't completed and haven't flowed back. We expect the results there to be significantly oilier based on results we have for vertical wells.  And then our EURs on an equivalent basis, they vary from 2.5 to 7.5. So we have some pretty good variance. Some of that variance is wellbore orientation. Some of it is local areas drill. Some of it is we've been tuning up our completions. So overall, I'd say our averages are kind of what we think are what we're going to go by.
Thomas Jorden: No, we drilled one re-entry well there in second Bone Spring. It was a well called the Burn. As I said, it was very encouraging result. It came online at 600 barrels of oil per day. It's a little gassier. Up in Eddy and Lea County, our gas-oil ratios go between 1,000 and 3,000. That well had a gas-oil ratio of 6,000. But it's still an oil well from the dollar-priced oil.  The reason we're not out there drilling more wells is we just have a lot to do, and it's going to be -- we're going to be adding a rig up in our 2011 program here shortly. That will be dedicated to drilling those wells.
Thomas Jorden: Well, we recorded and have processed a 3D seismic survey over our Caprock [ph] [1:09:38] project in the Abo. We're in the process of interpreting it. We shot it because of a curiosity as to whether we can see that pinch-out edge. I'll say that we're encouraged by what we saw, at least locally. We think we see some things that are consistent with the subsurface. And we're looking to use that tool to extend the trend. So, so far so good. But it's a big trend. If you go east from our Abo play, and I've seen many, many different maps on that and most of them are competitors' websites. And that trend starts to branch out to be 100 miles tall. So we're trying to use seismic data to dial that in a little bit.
Thomas Jorden: Derrick, this is Tom. I'll say that for -- we had a lot of different things going on in the Gulf Coast right now. We have a rig that's kind of focused on drilling what I would call base hits.  Based on the wells we have drilled, we've kind of derisked a number of smaller targets. And those are -- when I say smaller targets, I mean, three to eight Bcf equivalent targets, very nice production rates but just smaller ultimate recoveries. Today, for some of those derisked targets, we're probably on 85% chance of success.  And then we have another layer of things that look like what we've done and yet they may be a little further away, maybe a little deeper section. That would be typically about a 70% chance of success, and that's kind of our historical average on trend.  And then we have some things that are a little higher potential that are fairly wild. And there we'll probably predrill, running 40% to 50% chance of success. So we're modeling it like it has a greater chance of being a dry hole than producer.  But our overall trend average, if you look at the 106 or 109 wells we've drilled, there's about 65% to 70% wells that we drill we've completed.
Thomas Jorden: Yes, we'll have two to three rigs out there when we get fully ramped up in 2011. And that would White City Culberson County, which is really subject to our results and all of the things we typically cite.  We have some lease expirations we're managing, and that's got one rig busy just drilling things to preserve our leasehold. We have some marketing issues we're trying to solve, but we are planning to have two to three rigs working out there.
Thomas Jorden: Well, the Wolfcamp produces all over the basin. And you're really talking about what [indiscernible] [1:13:55] produces. In the deep Delaware Basin, where we would consider to be an unconventional reservoir where we would have regional extent, the [indiscernible] [1:14:07] that would be associated with that would certainly encompass that dash line that's shown in the map in our website. So it's a broad area. Now it's not going to be productive everywhere. You have a lot of clastic input. There's a fair amount of variability. You're going to have differing yields. I mean, so we see in general sense that the trend encompasses that dashed area. But is this all going to be productive? Assuredly not.
Thomas Jorden: Yes, Jeff. This is Tom. The bulk of that is going to be Wolfcamp. We're testing the Wolfcamp throughout this area.  And we like the Avalon. We tend to kind of downplay the Avalon. The Avalon is prospective over almost all of that 125,000 acres.  The issue with the Avalon is when we model it -- and again, we don't have all the data that some of our competitors do, but when we model it, it just doesn't compete with some of our other projects including the Wolfcamp. And we're watching activity of others, trying to learn everything we can.  Right now, I'd say the bulk of that is going to be Wolfcamp capital. And that's subject to change. If we get some new information that leads us to be more bullish on the Avalon, then we could be drilling Avalon wells.  And then we're still really interested in our own results by doing a modern completion on the Cisco/Canyon lateral. Right now, though, I'd say the bulk of that unconventional is going to be Wolfcamp.
Thomas Jorden: Oh, yes. No, the Wolfcamp is below the Avalon, so you go through it.  And Jeff, this is more detail probably than you want, but in Cana where we've drilled well over 100-and-some-odd wells, you go two miles and it changes rapidly. Now we're looking at a huge, huge area where we don't even have one well per township. And the yields are going to change, the rock quality is going to change, the degree of natural fracturing is going to change. And so as we get a little more data here, this thing is going to get much more complex. Our contours right now are nice and smooth. They are going to tighten up a little bit.
Thomas Jorden: We do. One of the nice things out here is there's been a lot of deep drilling in the basin. And then one of the things -- I didn't give any detail on this, but we have 15 Cisco/Canyon-Wolfcamp vertical wells that we have completed in our White City area. And so for at least vertically, we've got some data, and we're hoping to extend that horizontally. And others are doing the same, but we're not the only one. People talk about the Penn Shale. This is throwing [indiscernible] [1:20:32] in what we're talking about.
Thomas Jorden: Well, if they did, that information didn't make it toward to us. Now, of course, we weren't out there. We were in the middle of that. But most of our advances have come from what's going on in Cana.
Thomas Jorden: This is Tom. We run a stress case on every investment we make. And our current stress case is a $3.50 NYMEX gas and $45 NYMEX oil. And we subtract local market deducts from that, and we hold that flat through the life of the well. So that would be a received price currently for most of our Mid-Continent and Permian of somewhere $3, $3.10 for gas and between $40 and $45 for oil. And then for natural gas liquids, we'll take 45% of that oil price. So we're somewhere between $20 and $25 a barrel for NGL. So that's our stress case.  We typically will ask that our investments will get cost of capital or better at that stress case. In fact, we'll actually add a little windage to that just to pay for organization. And that's not a price case that we make our decision on, but we have a lot of opportunity company-wide, and we rank all of it side by side. We look at it at current strip pricing. We look at it at that catastrophic downside and then several price falls in between. But we'd like to see, at least at that the $3.50, $45 NYMEX, that our investments at least get cost of capital. Now that doesn't answer your question on breakeven price, but I don't have that in front of me on our various plays.
Thomas Jorden: Yes. This is Tom. I think one of the nice things, we're multiplay based, and I wouldn't put too much weight one way or another on that number. We have a lot of potential in a lot of zones that we haven't fully developed. So...
Thomas Jorden: Yes. What I'm really worried about is getting the best returns we can out of our program. Inventory is not in our top concerns. It's high grading, exploiting efficiently, understanding our ultimate spacing early so we can get those efficiencies that we've been asked about. It's a really wonderful basin. And our position in the Permian, sometimes we just want to pinch ourselves for the great strategic vision Mick showed in the acquisition we did years ago.
Thomas Jorden: We have solutions, David. And if we -- we have several solutions today, but we're just looking for an optimum one. We will be able to move our gas off of these leases.
Thomas Jorden: Yes, Eric. This is Tom. We haven't talked at all on this call about emerging plays. And I want to say we're always -- that's probably one of our primary focuses as a management team, looking at some new things and trying to add to enlarge our map of places we're focusing on.  Anadarko Basin is one of the places we're just really, really focused on right now, developing some new ideas. That said, we're not in a Mississippian play. We looked at that sometime back and elected not to get aggressive there. There are some things there we were just unable to understand.  And I'll defer you to others that know more about it or speak more about it. If we missed that one, it goes on our list of plays we missed. We have a little bit of acreage up there but nothing critical mass.
F. Merelli: I think one of the things -- this is Mick -- is that it's nice to talk about these statistics, but that's something that you wave -- in that area that we're talking about, you can wave your hand over in a 10th of a second. And if you've got fast car, it will take you half a day to drive across it or something. I mean it's a big area. And so we have a few -- we have data points in there that we're interested in, but it's a huge area. Offsetting that, though, is the fact that we have a lot of competition out there and very capable competition. And so understanding the area is going to probably happen a little quicker than it might in some other places. And so we'll come to an understanding of that. In terms of your question about how much inventory do we have, that's a tough question, but we've looked at it and I don't really look at location. We generated out of locations, but we did a little study and we tried to understand how many things that we have control of geologically and all that, that might drill. It came up to something like $3 billion of future drilling, not counting what we're going to do in '11. So we have a fairly rich inventory of things to do, and there wasn't a lot of hope and wish in that. Those are things that we'd like to get done. And I'd also tell you that one of the challenges in all of this is that that's a very active area. And so all the resources that it takes to get these wells drilled and picked up the pace, it's going to be tough. We're adding rigs, but other people are adding rigs. And so you have to have -- and these are mostly horizontal wells or almost all are horizontal wells. And so it takes certain people and certain kinds of equipment and everything we're all competing for that, not to mention the stimulation delays. So anyway, I guess I've complicated it a little bit, but I want to just give you a flavor for that's a big area, it has big potential, we recognize it. It's going to take us a few years to get through it, and it's unfolding in terms of the information as we go. Tom mentioned the multiple play aspect. That's an important piece of what we're talking about. There is a lot. We not only do we not understand where the thing goes laterally or across the geography, but it has potential to extend vertically into other zones. So, anyway, I just wanted to confuse the issue a little bit by giving you that information.
F. Merelli: You're giving us way too much credit for being planners. We don't have a shortage of money. And if we borrow a little money, we can borrow money and we're still probably the lowest levered outfit, or one of them at least, in our whole peer group. So what we start off doing is do as many projects, get as much done that gets us the kind of return we can get and just go as fast and as far as we can. And so there's a lot of impediments to getting that done. But it's not like we're keeping track of how much we're spending. We're keeping track of what the returns are and trying to maximize how much capital we get down at a good rate of return. So right now, the guess is that it's going to be something around cash flow, like it was last year, and we'll see what happens.
F. Merelli: If nothing else, it's not just drilling rigs and all that. A lot of our activity is operated, most of it is. And we have the staff supervision for these things and so just trying to grow the program as fast as we'd like to in the Permian is going to be a real challenge because everybody that's out there has good economics on their high liquid content opportunities, and they're trying to pick up the pace at the same time.
F. Merelli: That's right. I'm going to bore you with what we usually wind up saying during one of these things again. And that is, we're driven by rate of return, not production increases, not reserve increases and all of that. We want to get increases in production because it relates to our cash flow. And we want to get as much production increase and cash flow in the door as we can. But at the end of the day, we only have one criteria, and it's done on a well-by-well basis. And that's what's that return. So it depends on how that goes along.  And then the other limitation is, so, low gas prices could influence us. If LPG sort of go down, that might influence some plays. There's a whole bunch of things out there that are going to do it. But as we go along, we're going to go just as fast as we can organizationally and try to maintain our high rate of return or get the best rates of return we can on our capital employed, whether it's our cash flow or borrowings or whatever. And I just want to reinforce that idea, that our biggest limitation probably is going to be organization.
F. Merelli: I'll probably take a stab at that because Gary Abbott is our guy that -- he's not in the call today. He's in charge of how we book our reserves.  At this point, we booked direct offsets where we have geologic information to do that. So it might be one well, it might be two wells depending on if we own the acreage on the offset or how it works. And then when we're talking about the core area, so we've done that. That's where we're at.  And in terms of what happens in the future, to book beyond that, if we understand the SEC regulations, we have to rely on a reliable technology criteria that is supposed to be field tested. What's happening here is that Devon has -- they're ahead of us in how they look at -- we're looking at the same data, or I think that we're looking at the same data, and we're looking at it the same way. But what's happened is, is that in the whole process of doing that, they're more experienced and they're ahead of us, and so they got the answer a little quicker than we did.  I feel pretty good that we're going to arrive at the same answer in terms of spacing and what's bookable within -- we'll be close, I would guess. It's just going to take us a little longer to get through that SEC part of it that says this is what we think the answer is. Now we could do meet, too, on it, but our guy that books the reserves has been a little -- he'd be a little nervous about explaining to the SEC that it's how we got there.  So you're going to have to put up with us taking a little bit longer to figure this out. In no way do I want to imply every -- we think Devon's done a heck of a job. And everything that we see out there where we're partners with them, they did a great job and we have no disagreements. So we'll see how this all works out, but we've got to get our own answer and we're a little slower than they are.
F. Merelli: Well, it was it was not quite as swag as all of that -- based on what was mapped geologically. And so it was mapped and owned acreage and things they felt good about drilling. So it's going to depend some on product pricing, how much the gas helps the liquids. But that wasn't a maximum number. That really wound up being one of the more conservative side of what we saw out there.
F. Merelli: I don't think Tom is worried about that number being too big. He is worried about the fact that it's a conservative number.
Joseph Albi: Gil, we don't have a fixed forecast for commodity prices, probably a range around $95 oil and $4.55 gas, something in that range. You get pretty close to that $1.3 billion.
Joseph Albi: The biggest impact -- this is Joe -- was in the Permian. And I think I combined total Permian and Mid-Continent impact on just February. Our numbers are running around 35-ish million a day, and that's a preliminary estimate. Of that, about 9 million a day was coming out of Mid-Continent and the rest was coming from the Permian. And it was just a combination of things. Your downstream plant shutting in on you, you can't produce. We'd get a well up and running, and all of a sudden, it'd be part of a rolling blackout, and all of a sudden it shut in and now throws off. So it's just a combination of things. And it had a big impact on us, and I'm almost certain it's going to have a big impact on the other Permian players as well.
Joseph Albi: This is Joe. I would say anywhere we've seen the delay, it hasn't been the result of that. Where we've seen more of our problems getting oil off location is right when we turn them on and we're making a heck a lot of oil and we're trying to have enough trucks to keep up with us, to meet that higher volume. So as a result last few months, we've seen a little bit of oil volumes that were produced but not sold. As far as getting into marketplace, we have not seen any significant issues in that regard, and at this moment, we don't anticipate that we will. I'll touch a little bit on what Paul mentioned too about Louisiana Sweet, about 20% of our oil has a contract that is based on WTI price, and we'll get a kicker for a Louisiana Sweet differential. Right now, for March, it looks like that kicker will equate to about $7.05 as far as a premium on about 20% of our total oil. I wish it was a little bit better, but we had locked in a portion of that when we started to see the differential pick up a bit and all that goes away here in May.
Joseph Albi: As far as -- there's two components there. You have your base properties, which are projected to climb fairly significantly in 2011. And then we augment that with risk production profiles from the new drills.
Joseph Albi: Not really too much more, Tom, other than the fact that we're giving it, being new. I think we're in a good position to proactively look at how we ultimately see this thing looking rather than reacting to the way it was put together when we got out there. So we are looking at three or four different markets for the gas and looking where we can put in our own pipeline infrastructure to give us alternatives to various markets.
Unidentified Analyst: Scott Firestone [ph] [1:21:12] sitting in for Joe. Devon had some -- released some info on the Cana downspacing part that they had. And they were referencing mini EURs of eight BEs and eight to 10 wells per section. And we're hoping you could maybe provide some insight on how you're going to book reserves in that play.
Unidentified Analyst: Another question on breakeven cost. Maybe shed some insight on the various plays, what your stress case price level might be.
Unidentified Analyst: Just one last thing. On the $3 billion referenced in future development, the second and third Bone Spring, does that apply to all the Permian plays or...
