John Lambuth: Thanks, Tom. During the third quarter, Cimarex invested $500 million in exploration and development activities of which $400 million was invested in the drilling and completion of new wells. 74% of our drill and complete capital was spent in the Permian region and 26% in the Mid-Continent during the quarter. We brought 120 gross, 46 net wells on production during the quarter and are currently operating 16 gross rigs with 12 in the Permian region and 4 in Mid-Continent. We now have three completion crews working across our acreage. Now, onto some specifics about each region. In the Permian, we brought 40 gross, 26 net wells on line during the third quarter, including 8 wells in the Snowshoe project, an Upper Wolfcamp spacing test in Reeves County, Texas. On line since mid-August, these wells are contributing to our second half production ramp with early results matching our pre-drill expectations. Our second spacing pilot in the Wolfcamp section, the Animal Kingdom, consists of 8 10,000-foot laterals in the Lower Wolfcamp in Culberson County, Texas. These wells which, we are testing the equivalent of 14 wells per section, began producing in late September with all 8 wells contributing to fourth quarter volumes. Moving into Lea County. We have 30-day rates on several exceptional new wells drilled in the Red Hills area. Highlighted on slide 16 of our presentation, you can see the Red Hills Unit 17H. This is a long lateral Upper Wolfcamp well that had a peak 30-day production rate of 3,611 barrels of oil per day, 5,164 barrels of oil equivalent per day. We drilled another long lateral Upper Wolfcamp well called the Vaca Draw 20-17, also in Red Hills, that had at a peak 30-day IP of 3,032 barrels of oil per day, 4,645 barrels of oil equivalent per day. On the same Vaca Draw lease, we also drilled a Leonard well that had a 30-day peak IP of 2,522 barrels of oil per day, 3,413 barrels of oil equivalent, and an Avalon well that had a 30-day peak IP of 2,051 barrels of oil per day, 2,733 barrels of oil equivalent per day, all fantastic long-lateral results. In Northern Lea County, we continue to have good results drilling wells in the Third Bone Spring. The Lea 7 Fed 2H (00:11:03), a one-mile lateral, had a 30-day peak IP of 2,165 barrels of oil per day, 2,638 barrels of oil equivalent per day. And last but not least, we have completed a sixth Upper Wolfcamp well on the western side of Culberson County. The Carry Back 6 State A 1H, which was our first lateral landed in the ex sand (00:11:20), had a 30-day peak IP of 2,446 barrels of oil per day, 4,220 barrels of oil equivalent per day. That brings our average on the wells drilled in this area to 1,933 barrels of oil per day, 3,427 barrels of oil equivalent per day. As we look ahead, the Delaware Basin holds a vast opportunity for Cimarex. The 12 rigs we currently have running are drilling multiple development projects across our acreage position. We look forward to giving you more details on these projects when we announce our 2019 plans. Now onto the Mid-Continent, completion operations are finished on the Meramec Steve-O development project which consisted of six 10,000 foot laterals stack staggered in two benches. This pilot which is currently flowing back, is testing the equivalent of eight wells per section spacing. We are now currently drilling or completing on four additional Meramec development projects across our acreage position with first production expected from these new projects in the first quarter of 2019. In the Woodford Lone Rock area, the Shelly and JD Hoppinscotch spacing pilots began production in the third quarter, with both contributing to our end of the year production ramp. We also drilled and brought on two impressive 5,000 foot laterals in the liquid rich portion of Lone Rock. The Sweeny 8-24H achieved a 30-day peak rate of 1,755 barrels of oil equivalent per day, 667 barrels of oil per day while the Kim Anderson Farm 1-23H had a peak rate of 2,164 barrels of oil equivalent per day, 717 barrels of oil per day. And then finally, we are also getting ready to commence drilling in the Woodford on our Leota section located in the liquid rich 13 North-8 West Area. This 11 well, long lateral development project would begin drilling by year's end with completion of the wells currently scheduled in the second quarter of 2019. With that I'll turn the call over to Joe Albi.
John Lambuth: Yeah, Drew. This is John Lambuth. As we stated in the past, we've always known that Red Hills is a very attractive investment opportunity for us and that's been demonstrated by the wells we just brought on. I don't think they were that big of a surprise. I mean there's a lot of other competitors drilling around us, but I would say with our frac design and the way we go about it, yeah, we're very pleased with that area and we do expect to invest some additional capital in that area along with our other very high rate return areas like Culberson and Reeves, and other parts of New Mexico. The other thing we still are exploring, even within there, and all of our assets in the Permian, we're still looking at other landing zones. As Tom alluded to when we get the full development, we want to make sure that we are capturing all the resource potential there. And so in each of our areas we still continue to do that as evidenced by the Carry Back well that I announced which was that ex sand (00:24:44) landing in Culberson. And that's a very key part of our program. As Tom said, to make sure when we go to development we're not leaving any resource behind.
John Lambuth: Yeah. This is John Lambuth. You are correct in that we do have line of sight to Devon's operations. And that particular one you're mentioning, we have analyzed their data and we see the well results there. I would just simply say, our go forward model in the Meramec is basically three to five wells per section and that's where we are. In order to achieve a maximum PV rate of return as Tom mentioned, we are at three to five wells per section.
John Lambuth: Yeah. No, Woodford spacing is without a doubt much tighter. In fact, as I alluded in remarks. Our next big development project which is Leota we'll be drilling 11 additional wells in that section, in addition to the parents, so that's 12 wells per section in the Woodford. So yes, much tighter spacing, and we do that with very great confidence in our expectation of well results there.
John Lambuth: Well, this is John. I would just say as a follow-up to what Tom said, we do a lot of science on our completions, our design of our completions and I think that shows through with our well results. I think we are top notch when it comes to how we design our frac designs. And I think the proof is in those results themselves. So I'm very proud of our team and to be fair, we do learn a lot from our neighbors. I mean we keep an eye on our neighbors and how they drill their wells, where they land them, how they complete them. And I think that shows through with these results we have here.
John Lambuth: Well, this is John, and again we're not really talking about 2019. But as Tom said earlier, we chase the best returns. And right now, given commodity prices being where they are with oil and gas, our top flight returns are in the Delaware Basin which is reflective of how our capital is going there. That's not to say again we do have excellent return opportunities in Anadarko such as the Meramec and such as the Leota project that we announced. But by far, the larger inventory of that is in the Delaware and that's reflective of what we're doing now. And I would just say if prices stay about where they are, it'd probably be reflective how we go forward.
John Lambuth: Well, I would first say, that's the beauty of the Delaware Basin. It's so rich in hydrocarbons throughout that section, that's why at times, we are cautious. But then that said, what helps us is when we determine what we know are zones – we're able to delineate because of what we call a frac area. We say, okay, that's good. No matter what happens above it. That's a zone that's good. So we have some areas there where we know, say, in Reeves County. We feel very strongly about what that hydrocarbon zone is now. We feel very good about going to develop it. Contrast that with Culberson where we consistently keep moving those wells up because there is no natural frac barrier and we're just trying to ultimately define how high is that hydrocarbon column. So it varies depending upon our acreage position, but again it's something we're very cognizant of and trying to address as quick as we can before we get to development mode.
Joseph R. Albi: Thank you, John and thank you all for joining us on our call today. I'll touch on the unusual items. Our third quarter production, our Q4 and resulting full year production guidance, and then I'll follow up with a few comments on LOE and service costs. With the reported net daily equivalent volume of 218,600 BOEs per day, we had another solid quarter for production in Q3, beating the upper end of our guidance range of 206,000 to 215,000 BOEs per day and once again setting a new company record for equivalent production. Our guidance beat was driven primarily by NGL volumes which came in higher than forecasted. With 46 net wells coming on line during the quarter, our Q3 oil volume came in at 63,900 barrels per day, slightly above the midpoint of our guidance range of 61,500 to 64,500 barrels per day. We remain on track with our projected ramp up in completion cadence during the second half of the year. Year-to-date through Q3, we've completed a total of 84 net wells with more than half coming on line this past quarter. We're forecasting another 34 to come on line in Q4, resulting in a total of 118 net wells for the year. This is six fewer wells than we quoted last call, primarily related to completion timing and scheduling changes. Even with the slight changes, our strong completion momentum which began in September is projected to significantly ramp up our Q4 volumes. Our updated model is projecting Q4 net equivalent daily volumes to average 238,000 to 247,000 barrels equivalent per day, with Q4 oil volumes in the range of 73,000 to 78,000 barrels per day, giving us an oil midpoint just above the low end of the range that we quoted last call. This slight shift in our Q4 oil guide is solely related to slight timing adjustments and not due to any change in anticipated well performance, With early estimates for October on the oil side of production now just coming in, we have high confidence in our current Q4 oil guidance range. Adjusting for the Ward County asset sale, our Q4 2018 equivalent volume guidance range is forecasted to be up 23% to 28% over Q4 2017 with our Q4 2018 oil guidance up 29% to 38% over Q4 2017 oil volumes. For the year, we're projecting total equivalent volumes of 218,000 to 221,000 BOEs per day with oil volumes in the range of 66,000 to 67,200 barrels per day, in line with our estimates last quarter of 214,000 to 221,000 BOEs per day for equivalent production and 66,000 to 68,000 barrels of oil per day for oil production. Jumping to OpEx, our Q3 lifting cost came in at $3.79 per BOE, that's slightly below the low end of our guidance range of $3.80 to $4.30 and down $0.33 per BOE from where we were in Q2. Although we continue to see cost pressures on items such as saltwater disposal, compression and power and fuel, with the closing of our higher production cost Ward County properties now behind us and our focus on controlling LOE, we've dropped our projected lifting cost guidance to $3.35 to $3.80 per BOE. And lastly, some comments on drilling and completion cost. On the drilling side, we've recently seen rig rates go up 10% to 15%. And we've also seen some minor cost pressures in items such as diesel and oil-based mud. That said, with our focus on efficiencies, the drilling portion of our AFEs have stayed mostly in check. On the completion side, we've seen some recent softening in service cost and have also realized additional cost savings through local sand sourcing in both the Permian and in the Mid-Continent. And as a result, through operational efficiencies, local sand sourcing and water recycling, we've lowered our total well cost AFEs. In the Permian, depending on area, interval, facility design and frac logistics, our current Wolfcamp 2-mile AFEs are running $10.9 million to $13.4 million. That's down $100,000 from our estimate last call. Our deeper 1-mile New Mexico Bone Spring AFEs in Northern Eddy and Lea Counties are also down about $100,000 from last quarter with a range of $6.9 million to $8.4 million. In our East Lone Rock area, with the benefits of local sand pricing, our 1-mile lateral Woodford AFEs are running $7.3 million to $7.8 million. That's down $200,000 from last quarter. And with local sand pricing and a refined completion design, we've lowered our 2-mile Meramec AFE $1 million from last quarter with a range of $10.5 million to $12 million. So in closing, we're coming off a great third quarter. We beat the upper end of our Q3 equivalent volume guidance. Our Q3 oil production came in above our guidance mid-point. We're projecting pro forma Q4 2018 oil growth of 29% to 38% over Q4 2017. Our lifting cost and our total well costs are down from last quarter and our drilling program continues to churn out favorable results. So with that, we'll open it up for question and answer.
Joseph R. Albi: Yeah. This is Joe. With regard to your question about the Permian completion count, most of those wells were completed in the later part of the third quarter and have a cleanup profile associated with them. So the majority of their production is obviously contributing more to the fourth quarter than it was the third. So you've got that timing built into all that. And as far as the frac utilization, our plans are to continue with the three frac leads that John mentioned in his call for the remainder of this year to knock out the majority of the wells that we had scheduled for the fourth quarter. And on that note, I'd mention that about half of those 34 that we mentioned for Q4 have already been fracked.
Joseph R. Albi: Yes. This is Joe. Our – as we mentioned in our prior calls, all of our NGLs are – the sale of which are linked to processing facilities with whom we have either purchased or backed firm or established long-term sales arrangements in place. So with regard to concerns about constraints, we feel very confident there. I think you saw today, there was an announcement about an additional 55,000 barrels a day of capacity being expanded in Texas and Louisiana. That's on top of that entity's recent 150,000 barrel a day announced expansion. So to tell you what the outlook is going to be for the industry from a frac space standpoint, I can't give you the exact numbers but what I can tell you is that we feel that our products are adequately covered, number one. And we're seeing a number of these brownfield projects hit the radar just like we saw in gas and oil that hopefully get us through this tight space.
Joseph R. Albi: Yeah. This is Joe. I'll take a stab at that. I mean, we're not going to be talking about 2019 oil volumes in this call. But what we are seeing, I mentioned in my initial discussion that we had some early results for October and those early results for October give us very high confidence in the volumes that we're quoting here for Q4. We've obviously tapered down our completion activity, dropping from six frac fleets and down to our current level, three. So, some of that's going to play into the tail end of Q4 and into early 2019.
Joseph R. Albi: Yeah. This is Joe. I guess I'll take a stab at it. The fact of the matter is that our well costs even through this increase in price cycle that we've just last seen have managed to stay fairly flat. And I just quoted to you that they've dropped here in the fourth quarter due to efficiencies. Our organization does realize that two-thirds of our total well costs are in the completion stage and that's why you see – you hear the comments that John just made about us continuing to challenge our organization with regards to how to optimize those costs. And that's not just reducing cost; it's what kind of result do you get for the dollars you spend. And as we go forward in our planning cycle, we look at current AFEs, we look at if there was to be inflation to those AFEs and we also look at the possibility if we were to cut costs, what that could equate to from a cash flow standpoint. So just like pricing, we look at the cost cycle in pretty much the same manner.
Joseph R. Albi: This is Joe again. We don't try to tie our well plan into some kind of prediction for what that infrastructure might look like from a larger scale takeaway perspective. What we do internally is understand what the volumes that we're projecting that are associated with our capital plan are going to be and on what systems, and do everything we can to ensure the takeaway of those products. So I don't know if that fully answers your question but that is how we internally predict our volumes of sales.
Thomas E. Jorden: We're certainly looking at multi-year planning because it's what our business guides us to. These development projects take a lot of coordination of multiple moving parts. And if you look at – it's one thing to say you put it on paper and you say we're going to drill 12, 18, I mean, you pick the number of wells, but by the time you look at the various elements that have to come together so it's all coordinated and ready when you're flipping the valve on first sales, it's a lot of moving parts and we need a long lead time to plan, to innovate, to design, to debate. And so, annual planning cycles don't fit our business anymore. We've always carried multi-year plans but we've just been hesitant to commit to multi-year plans. Well, the world is changing and we change with it. We're at a point now where we're willing to say that we'll commit to multi-year programs, and in doing so we'll underpin that with an estimate of our cash flow and cash available to invest that's based on a price file we feel good about. Now, we deliberately didn't give a number. I will say that the budgeting price file's going to be a flat NYMEX price that's below the current strip average to leave us a little cushion so that we can plan and deliver that capital program we execute on. So, the particular number is less important than the fact that I think you can count on it being a number that's conservative and leaves us some room for downside fluctuation in our cash flow. As far as your question on how many wells, that is going to be area-by-area, section-by-section. I mean, I really want to underscore what I said in our opening remarks. We have learned a tremendous amount about managing these reservoirs and we really want to go for optimum development. And that will change over a play. It can change over the course of one or two miles. But we don't want to leave any stranded assets. We don't want to leave any stranded value. And you're going to see us embark on fairly robust, well-planned, well-executed development.
Thomas E. Jorden: Well, the first answer is yes. I don't know how granular we'll be, but we will be communicating what our outlook looks like and that includes a multiyear. As always, these things are subject to change and that's one of the things that has always led to some hesitancy on us. But if we're going to commit to it internally, we'll communicate it. I think that's only fair. As far as returning cash to shareholders, nothing's off the table and that's always been our position. We certainly want to have a healthy and growing dividend, and who's to say what that means in the future. I mean, I think one of the things that we'll say is we find dividends to be more sustainable, more predictable from an investor standpoint but nothing is off the table. If we have excess cash, we think it's fair that our owners would expect us to share that with them.
Thomas E. Jorden: Well, we're always going to be learning as we go and with John's comment on new landing zones, that's an important point. That Carry Back well was a landing zone that was new to us, at least in Culberson County. We continue to be surprised by additional landing zones and the challenge is with the reservoirs that we currently have and currently understand, we could go in full development mode with a high degree of confidence that we would understand the required well spacing and do it in a way that's prudent and not wasteful. Now, we probably couldn't have said that 12 or 18 months ago. But today, we have a high degree of confidence that whether we're talking about the Woodford, the Wolfcamp or I'll even add the Meramec, we really have a high degree of confidence that if we were to go into development, which we are, that we'll space those reservoirs appropriately. Challenge is, we're still getting surprised to the upside with some of these new landing zones, a number of which we haven't discussed and aren't ready to discuss. But when you have a new landing zone, if it's in hydraulic communication with the reservoirs you're developing, you need to incorporate that upfront. So, there are areas where we're ready to roll and over the next few years that will certainly populate our program and we'll have a high degree of confidence. But our assets continue to surprise us to the upside and that's an exciting thing to be able to say to you.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yes. This is Tom. We really do like to have a consistent operational footprint. Doing herky-jerky, bringing crews in and out really does lead to lowered operational efficiency. And just to your prior question, our goal here is to get our program to one that's more consistent on well count quarter by quarter. We really see that as in our benefit operationally. It's going to take us a little time to transition into that but certainly as we look ahead, we're going to be achieving a more uniform quarterly cadence.
Thomas E. Jorden: But we're pretty confident. And I'll just say one other thing. As I've said in the past, we love the Meramec. We're getting outstanding returns in the play. We are also carrying a fairly low entry cost into the play. And it is competing for capital with the best of the best. We are and have had outstanding results in the Meramec. But clearly from John's answer, the well spacing is probably a little less than I think what was initially represented, not for Cimarex but perhaps by others. And our go forward is full steam ahead and we're very enthusiastic about the play.
Thomas E. Jorden: And I just want to add when we quote three to five, that's an average over the bulk of our assets. I mean there are places where you're going to have eight so we're not we're not saying that the reservoir won't support that but we're talking about the way we view the play on average.
Thomas E. Jorden: Well, I would say number one we're not alone out here that a lot of our competitors have tested many of these zones in addition to us. So we have a lot information from them that tells us what's prospective or not. And then secondly we see a lot – I mean there's optionality that we can develop Upper Wolfcamp independent of, say, Avalon, independent of Bone Spring. So we don't see that they have to be co-developed. We tend to think of it more that we would do one bench. And then as those decline off, take advantage of our infrastructure and then come in and do the follow-up bench.
Thomas E. Jorden: Well, that's certainly a question and we've had it before. And we'll deploy some portion of that cash in 2019. I've already said that. And that will – depending on what happens with our cash flow in 2019, we'll have cash balance on our balance sheet at the end of the year. Matt, all I can tell you is we're going to be opportunistic. We're going to be disciplined. And I would rarely say trust me, but I'm going to say that here, that we've had a long history of making good, prudent decisions with our shareholders' money and we will do that. There's lots of things that are on the table and nothing is off the table. I said that in my opening remarks that would be – certainly deploying the capital, but also returning it to shareholders remains on the table. So I think you can count on us using that cash prudently. The fact that I don't have a specific answer, specific for you this morning is just something I'm going to have to tell you trust us.
Thomas E. Jorden: Well, what I communicated poorly in the last call was that any incremental activity in the Permian wouldn't show up till second half when diffs would narrow. We ran a lot of sensitivities around having our activity mirror this diff and we came to the conclusion that that's chasing our tail. So we're forging ahead with a consistent level of activity. We're delighted to see that the differentials have narrowed as they were predicted. I think as we talked at the time, we thought some of the fear that was baked into that was perhaps emotional rather than data driven. But we're going to live through it and we're glad to see them narrow.
Thomas E. Jorden: Well, the slide 30, the $1.2 billion on growth sensitivity or the $700 million on maintenance CapEx, that's drilling and completion capital. And so, when you look at our total capital, it includes – we always look at total capital when we talk about our top level returns. But I'm going to sound like a broken record, which is one of my most charming traits. We don't target growth; we target investing capital prudently. And so, when we look at multi-year plans and we talk about doing that on a flat case such that we can commit to those plans, that's really about giving ourselves the opportunity to deliver outstanding returns as we go into development mode. Now, the nice thing is – and we will be giving you some additional color on this when we can and not – but we've got a very, very good outlook. We can grow significantly, investing significant amounts of capital in a cash flow program that's healthy, robust at fairly modest commodity price assumptions. So we don't really have upper or lower bounds on our desire to grow. What we want to do is invest our shareholders' money to get industry-leading returns. Our profitability, our return on capital employed, and our history, I think, speaks to that and we're not changing our stripes.
Thomas E. Jorden: Well, we really haven't given any color on 2019. And we'll do so soon, but not – we're not ready on this call. But what I said is ideally when we get to steady state in a perfect world, we'd have steady state quarter by quarter by quarter and have a level of activity and well completions that are evened out and not subject to large ramps during the year. It's going to take us two or three quarters to get there. So although – I say that, let us defer that to when we show you our 2019 capital plans. But if I leave you with the only answer we can definitively give you today is that we are committed to that goal and we're going to get there.
Thomas E. Jorden: Well, we do have the ability to grow our cash flow and we have the ability to grow our program. But it's going to be a function of things that we don't foresee. It's certainly a function of outlook on commodity prices. It's a function of supply and demand. It's a function of our outlook on our business and what our assets deliver. I mean, we do have the optionality to grow fairly significantly within our cash flow. So I'm not answering your question, but what I want you to take away from that is that it's at our discretion.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yeah. But as we said in the past, if we rank our top 10 type curves, typically three or four of them are in the Anadarko Basin and six or seven are in the Delaware Basin. So our capital allocation is directly consistent with our returns and every, every, every well we drill has competed for capital to get on our schedule.
Thomas E. Jorden: Well, that's always been an optionality part of our business. The – as we've said in the past, the challenges for a company that focuses on full cycle returns, fully burdened returns, that upfront cost is an important part of the equation. But we are always on the hunt for assets and we're always in the hunt for things that fit us strategically. We're always in the hunt for things that make sense with our existing program and we'll continue to do so. Very hard to predict – I mean, a specific answer to your question, these things tend to be episodic or at least with us they are because our core business is about return on invested capital and – but we're going to maintain an opportunistic focus and who knows.
Thomas E. Jorden: We will expect things to be steady state sometime after world peace and the U.S. population largely loves our industry that we'll look for that after those things occur.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yes. So, I want to thank everybody for your participation. And I just want to leave you, if you take nothing away from our call, I hope that perhaps we've reminded you that we're a company that focuses on our business, focuses on execution, focuses on real measurable value creation and really are good stewards of our fantastic assets. I really appreciate the great questions you've asked, and we look forward to continuing and deliver results we can talk about in the future. Thank you.
