Dan Dinges: Well, we have indicated that our 2020 program was front-loaded, the remainder of 2020, we're not going to spend as much capital. We're also in the midst of negotiations with rigs and frack crews and looking at the efficiencies we've developed in our program operationally and what we're seeing and what we think will occur with our execution contracts in the 2021 program. We think we will see that modest reduction in that program.
Dan Dinges: Yes, we have -- I think we've set a pretty good clear track record of what our desire is and that is to return. As we couched 50% of our free cash flow back to shareholders, we have our debt we're going to take care of next year, we have the dividend also. And some of our decision, and what we elect to do, we would -- if I'm speculating here a little bit. But we would probably maintain our dividend where it is. We'll talk about it throughout the year and we'll look at the macro market as we look out forward. But we've also have talked internally about special dividends, and we haven't changed off of our position to return cash to shareholders.
Dan Dinges: Well, it's still early. We've -- as you read, or typically, as we do, we released in February what our outlook on 2021 is going to be. We have the advantage at that point-in-time to be able to see what the winter has done, look at what the strip is at that particular time, and we'll forecast then a much clearer definition of what our 2021 CapEx will be and what we're -- how we're going to set our expectations. When we look at the market and at this time, we are conservative by nature, we have a -- what I think is a great setup for our shareholders to deliver a great deal of free cash flow. We'll deliver that free cash flow to our shareholders versus the banks. And I think that is going to be attractive. And we have a conservative program, which hopefully, it turns into that conservative program with the commodity price expectation we've stated, plus or minus $275 million. And we're comfortable with that right now. If we see continued discipline in the market, and we see continued increases in demand. The LNG market comes back strong, we do have the ability to increase our program, but we're comfortable right now messaging that our lower CapEx program in 2021 is going to deliver the same volumes.
Dan Dinges: Yeah, we're socializing that now internally. Brian, we have not – we have not put a framework around a formulaic delivery of that special dividend or variable dividend. As you've seen in the past, we have as similar to our buybacks. We've made those decisions when we feel comfortable about the market. We see the near-term support in the market that allows us to generate out in front of us, x amount of incremental free cash. So we're comfortable delivering certain portion of that and in some cases all of it back to shareholders. So, you know, I'm sorry I'm not specific on the formula but we have not – we have not gotten to that formula internally.
Dan Dinges: Yeah, I'm going to make a comment then I want to turn it to Jeff, Brian, because it is an area that we are spending a great deal of time and focus on in-basin demand projects, but one of the – one of the most recent impetus, and it and catalysts that is, I think, driving now more attention to Northeast PA, as a location for demand projects has been the agreement of tax credits that Pennsylvania will allocate to at least four projects that bring a large manufacturing or natural gas demand project to state and spend x amount of money, employ x amount of people, then they would receive hundreds of millions of dollars over the next 10 years of tax credits. That is a tremendous opportunity is out there and now in the books with the governor's signature. And we have had discussions with in-basin demand projects, and we have had for a while, a business development group that is working this opportunity for us. We like the idea of in-basin projects. We can look that up on the tailgate of our gathering system. And it is an incremental realizations to Cabot. I'll let Jeff talk a little bit about his thoughts in this regard.
Dan Dinges: We have certainly a discussion regularly internally with our hedge committee and the price we see out there in 2021 is actually north of the $265 million that we see today. It is our intent to mitigate, as you say, the downside of the macro market. We have all been disappointed in the past, more so disappointed in the recent past than pleasantly surprised. We do think that there are some fundamental points that we made in my remarks that are constructive to a supportive underpinning of the market. And, yes, it can go down, and as I mentioned that the risk of that type of downside, we're fully aware of. We think our program would deliver very well at $265 million. It is our intent to participate in the 2021 financial hedge market. And we'll do that appropriately with the vehicles, once we make the decision amongst the committee to do that. So we're thinking you like, Leo, we're pleased with where the market is right now. And we are, again, looking forward to participate in the hedge market. I can't tell you when, in advance, we plan to do something, but we do look at it every day.
Dan Dinges: Yeah. We're – that's fairly granular to be able to give you the cadence quarter-to-quarter right now, Leo, I'm sorry. But, overall, right now, I'm comfortable just with our outlook being what it is, and it's flat with lower capital in 2021 and the cadence, we do try to manage the cadence, and it's a result of just a number of different things, the size pads we have, some of the winter season, the expectations on how the market is going to -- the macro market is going to look. We have not nailed down exactly the cadence for the quarters. One thing I would say that, right now, if you look out in this summer, we had $1.60 gas, $1.70 gas in the, say, the April to October. And if you look out in 2021, if we're even partially right about the lower supply higher demand running through this winter, then you ought to be able to look out at the period between the April and October and say that, that market right now might be about a $2.60 market. So there is an effect, almost $1 difference during that period of time. So the cadence is still – we still have a discussion going internally. But those are some of the things that we look at.
Dan Dinges: Yes. And we have drilled some upper wells this year. The number though, Charles, for comparison between the lower is more 70-plus percent EUR, not 90%. And that's in our.
Dan Dinges: Well, the AG as a number of companies have now been recognized by the AG and through their investigations. As you are aware that the charges are, of course, disputed matters but nonetheless, Cabot is cooperating with the AG, and we're – they have provided his staff with facts and data addressing the allegations directly. We are certainly telling Cabot's side of the story. It's undisputed up there that natural gas is naturally occurring in all the areas of Northeast Pennsylvania. And methane was up there in the rock prior -- but prior to the oil and gas industry ever going up there. When we moved up there, it was a greenfield operation, no drilling had taken place, no production. And there was natural gas in the water systems up there. So we'll continue to work with AG, we're always employing our best practices to protect the environment and its operations and continue to be a leader in that regard. We do intend to be able to resolve this matter that is positive for all stakeholders.
Dan Dinges: On our drill cadence, if you look at how we've laid out our long-term program. And we have shown in a deck -- in the past, we've shown our production and drilling going out into the 2040 period. We have go out into the latter part of 2020 decade with our lower drilling. And then subsequent to that, we move into the upper Marcellus drilling. And we have that drilling out into the 2040 period.
Dan Dinges: We have in efficiencies in our program. We decided to maintain our $575 million CapEx. It's midyear right now. It might be a conservative position, but we wanted the least noise in the release as we could deliver, and we thought that was appropriate.
Dan Dinges: Well, we haven't – we've talked about it maybe more indirectly, but we have made comments regarding our full development case of our Upper Marcellus. And to not make this a long-winded answer, Scott, has told me sometimes that I talked too long on my answers. But when you look at the full development of the Marcellus -- , you can really – Upper Marcellus, you can really look at the Upper Marcellus. It's a blank piece of paper for the most part. We intend to particularly with the legislation that has been passed recently about longer laterals and how you drill within or across units. It is our intent to lay out the sticks for the Upper Marcellus, with longer laterals on average than we've been able to drill in the Lower Marcellus program. With the drilling of the longer laterals, and I'm talking about kind of the 12,000 foot type laterals in the Upper Marcellus, there's efficiencies inherent in drilling longer laterals than longer laterals. With our currently, even in the Lower -- excuse me, even in the Lower, in our longer laterals, if we drill 11,000 or 12,000 foot laterals, and you look at our completion efficiencies or some represent their -- the cost of development in what the cost is per foot and our -- even in our Lower, we have a -- say, a $700 -- slightly over $700 per foot cost in our 11,000 foot type of lateral that we drill in the Lower and those as actually cost that we have in first and second quarter of this year. There's another thing on the efficiencies that we see in those -- in that cost Cabot also loads in -- of our cost per foot. We also load in our -- all our facilities in that cost, and we load in all the construction associated with our pad sites into those costs. That is, again, all-in cost for us and the other thing we do is we have what we think are very efficient completions. We have 2,500 pounds of proppant we use in our completions. And versus, I know some other companies might use less proppant. So, their cost for proppant is going to be maybe slightly less than ours, but we do like the amount of gas that we have coming in out of our wells and so our recipe, we think we have dialed in, is very efficient. So, there is going to be, overall, considerably less cost attached to the development of our Upper Marcellus, including use of roads, reuse of pad sites. We hope reuse of some of the equipment, so we would take -- even though the -- it might be a 70%-plus comparison to the Lower, we think on a return profile basis because of what I'm just mentioning, our Upper development is going to be in an extremely good return profile.
Dan Dinges: Thank you, Allison. And once again, I would just like to say thanks again to those dedicated shareholders of Cabot, but also their gratitude to Cabot's team. They have been out there through this this very difficult environment. Many of our field operators have been going to work every single day even though some of the corporate headquarters and office in Pittsburgh have honored the stay-at-home because of this pandemic. But those guys and girls out there in the field have gotten up every day to head out and do the work. And as you can see by our numbers, we've been able to deliver on our program and I'm very proud of the group. So, thanks again for the attention. Look forward to next quarter's call. Thank you.
