Thomas E. Jorden: Well, I'll kick it off and turn it over to John. As we see that Northwest extension, it's really being opened up with empirical results. There are a couple of wells that we're watching carefully. As with much of that section, and I'm – people talk about, everybody has a different word for it, but I'll just say that Mississippian section, that's Osage, Meramec and then even the Chester above it. It's not always obvious on wireline logs exactly what will produce at what rate, and what the optimum target zone is. And so we're very interested in that northwest piece. We map it as having a fair amount of variability. We don't see it as perhaps having the regional extent that we would assign to the Meramec, but we're watching well results and I'll let John comment on that.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yes. I want to just follow up on that. We're really analyzing down to the minute detail the efficacy of our completions. And our understanding really rocketed ahead in 2016, and we're continuing to do some very interesting experiments that are gaining a clearer and clearer understanding. We may find that we go to lower pounds per foot and yet we think we're more effectively stimulating the rock. This has tremendous implications to our spacing. It has tremendous implications to our cost structure. We are learning some things that may allow us to be much more effective in how we stimulate these rocks and that will be a way we can perhaps compensate for what Joe talked about with our increased simulation cost. So, that pounds per foot is a pretty fuzzy look at what is a lot of detail.
Thomas E. Jorden: Well, I will be very clear on that. It's an easy question to answer. That cash is there to be deployed. Now, the nature of our assets are such that in increasing our capital, it's really a fairly complex planning process. If we're going to add three rigs here or three rigs there, we really want to deploy those rigs where they count for us. And so we're still trying to deploy where we learn some things and we're really trying to not be wasteful with our assets over the long-term. And anybody who works at Cimarex can tell you that we have really, really beat on one another to make sure that we've developed these assets with the full development in mind. We don't want to be wasteful. And so it takes some planning. Now, when we first started, we made a decision in November that you know, we really thought we had the wherewithal, we had the returns, and we had the interest to step it up a little bit above and beyond what we discussed in our last call. Well, this morning, Mark and I reviewed a model that we put together in late November, where we had capital, approximately what we announced yesterday, and yet it showed us burning through our cash on hand over the next 18 months to 24 months. And what's happened in the interim is our cash flow is up. And so, when we made the decision to increase our capital, we thought we were going to be deploying a fairly significant amount of our cash on hand. And turns out, because the quality of our assets and the commodity moving up a little bit, our cash flow's really, really recovering nicely. So, I said in my remarks, we had a wherewithal to do yet more and we'll be studying as the year goes on, but that cash on the balance sheet is kind of moving target and it's being kind of preserved by a very healthy increase in cash flow. Now, you also mentioned M&A. We're always in the hunt for good opportunities, but the hurdle is high. It's going to have to compete with the other internal investment opportunities that we have for that cash flow. We are exploring, John's going to want to spend a little money on land this year and we really salute that, but it's a moving target.
Thomas E. Jorden: Well, we grow with our return on investment and we can do the math on borrowing money at 4% and investing it at many, many multiples of that, it makes good financial sense. So, we're willing to borrow to fund our drilling program. That said, one of our goals continues to be preserving our balance sheet and we probably have a little more conservative view on where we want our balance sheet to be than many out there. We've been asked from time to time what our debt tolerance is and we've said that we would like to see debt at or below 1.5 times EBITDA. Now, it's above that today, because our EBITDA fell. We didn't borrow any money over the last couple of years. But we see that returning to very nice cushion on that. But on an ongoing basis, we're very willing to continue to borrow. We look at our overall debt metrics and want to maintain a debt level at or below our comfort zone, but that's what our balance sheet is for.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yes, Drew, I am very clear with John on what I am looking for. I want opportunities that offer outstanding returns, little risk with very cheap entry cost, and that seems reasonable to me to ask for that.
Thomas E. Jorden: Well, we would. What I tell our organization is, our assets today don't look anything like they did five years ago or six years ago. And we will continue to evolve, and I am very willing for our assets five years or six years from now look totally unlike they do today. We just want the best returns we can find. And I really want to emphasize the point John made, this has been a theme that we really – as 2016 began to feel a little better, this is the theme we really have had throughout our organization, let's get back to generating new ideas, that's what we do best. And the organization has responded just remarkably well, making it very difficult for us to not stretch that balance sheet to fund some things. So, but in answer to your question, we are totally willing for Cimarex to evolve over the ages.
Thomas E. Jorden: Well, we currently are 11 rigs and we plan on bringing three additional rigs into the Permian here within the next month.
Thomas E. Jorden: Okay. And then we have in the Anadarko we plan of bringing additional rigs in, four rigs that will come into the fall.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yes. We could increase beyond that. But I think you asked what are the signals. We've talked for the last 18 months about that $40 oil floor, being what we were kind of looking for, and I think we're fairly confident as we look ahead. We stress test all of our investments down to a $40 and even a $30 oil case. And we have a lot of cushion in our returns certainly at that $40 downside and depending on the project many of them look very healthy at that $30 downside and that's in our presentation, those are real and now we have results to back that up. So we're feeling fairly confident in an increase in capital program as we look ahead.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yes. Ward County is a wonderful fairway. The challenge is that a lot of our acreage is sitting where the Third Bone Spring has already been developed with horizontal wells and that Third Bone Spring is really right at that Wolfcamp Bone Spring boundary. So you're coming in right below an existing fracture network and that's what John talked about completion innovations. It's threading the needle and the challenge has been, can you come in underneath those older depleted fractures and make a new modern completion. So, we're very optimistic. We have some things we're trying that are direct consequences of some of our learnings over the last year or two years, and as John said, we're flowing our first well back now.
Thomas E. Jorden: Well, I can take a stab at that. We've had pretty good luxury of being able to innovate with costs on a per unit basis being exceedingly low. One of the numbers we track is what it costs us to pump a pound of sand in a stimulation cost. So take all the cost, water, pressure pumping, sand, chemicals, throw them all together and just what does it cost us to place a pound of sand in the reservoir.
Thomas E. Jorden: In 2014, we were at $0.34 per pound of sand. Now, during 2016, we hit a low of $0.106 per pound of sand. So our cost per unit of sand went down two-thirds, and that gave us the tremendous latitude to experiment with tighter and tighter stages, tighter clusters, much more sand, much more fluid, because our cost per unit went down. Now, you asked, how do we view it? I'll tell you exactly how we view it. We view it through a rate of return lens. We look at what's the incremental stimulation dollar and what's the incremental production in cash flow that the well will produce, and is that a good incremental return on that incremental dollar. And that's exactly the lens that will carry us forward in an era of service cost inflation. We will look at probably dialing back a little bit. If service costs inflate above and beyond what we're currently discussing, we will be pressured the other way. We will be pressured to find cheaper and cheaper ways to stimulate our wells, and that's what John and Joe and their groups are doing with the innovations that we're currently working with. We have a toolkit in place that if costs go up, I expect we are going to be able to dial back, keep a pace and not suffer from a well performance or a return standpoint. But the proof will be in the pudding, but our lens will be rate of return and we get asked about this all the time, we're certainly going into it with our eyes wide open and a modest degree of concern – but a modest degree of concern. We will deal with it from a rate of return lens when the time comes.
Thomas E. Jorden: Joe, I'll just finish with that because I know it's on everybody's mind and I appreciate the question. We also as you know had some delays in our production in 2016, and we – we like to hit our guidance, who wouldn't? We like to issue guidance that's real that we believe and that we're going to achieve. We like it to be stretch goals that pressure us to do our best in getting there. But when we looked at some of the things that bid us in 2016, we risked 2017 fairly aggressively. Now, it is what we think it is, but it's risked in a way that's probably a little more than we've done in the last couple of years.
Thomas E. Jorden: So, in a world where everything goes right, there are no hiccups at all, we're probably too conservative, and we wait every day for that world.
Thomas E. Jorden: Yes, Joe, there is some irony there, because some of our first generation stimulations that may have had 800 foot to a 1,000 foot – a 1,000 pounds per foot, we think we're very ineffectively stimulated. So I think our direct answer to your question would be, we think we are pumping less pounds per cluster today than we were three years ago or four years ago, but we think we're getting better distribution along the borehole and more effectively stimulating the lateral. And that's the challenge, and there are about eight different knobs that lead to that conclusion. And as we said early in the call that pounds per foot number is probably the least effective measure of those knobs.
Thomas E. Jorden: Well, I want to thank everybody for your good questions. This has been a great discussion this morning, and we look forward to delivering strong results throughout 2017, and beyond. Thank you all very, very much.
John Lambuth: The only thing I'd add, I think Tom summarized it pretty well, is simply, we are learning a lot with every well out there from an empirical standpoint, because there's still a lot we don't understand, so it is interesting. We have noticed a couple of those wells up there that a certain company announced. And we've looked at our maps and we kind of recalibrate our maps at that point, we say okay, that's a different expectation than maybe what we may have originally had. But that – I got to be honest, that's been kind of true for this entire Meramec play from the very beginning. And so there will be some surprises to the positive as well as to the negative as we go along here, and we continue to monitor it very closely.
John Lambuth: Yes, this is John. I guess I'll give you my standard reply. First is, I rarely ever track pounds per sand myself, that's something I know from the investment public that they like to see. We focus all our energy in our meetings more on the pounds and fluid we pump per cluster, which is the entry point into the rock. That's where we spend all our talk, and that's where we concentrate. And yes, we're focusing a lot in terms of those entry points and how much sand and fluid do we need in terms of the best stimulation, especially from a development standpoint. Now, out of that comes a pound per sand calculation and so far, yes, it's remained static, but I don't know that that's necessarily going to be true going forward. All I know is right now we really are focusing on that individual cluster, and how well is it simulating a rock and I think that focus then has led us to gain more confidence in what we talk about today in terms of the tighter spacing pilots we're about to embark on, because I think we're understanding better what rock we are stimulating along that lateral and thus giving us confidence to go even tighter, where in the past we never thought we would be there.
John Lambuth: Well, this is John. I guess my preference is those things that will lead to good rate returns that will compete with what we currently have, that's one of the criteria when we look at these new opportunities. That's a hard measure, when you're early on in a concept, but that is something we do look at. Outside of that, it's about rate of return. And so, no, I could tell you we're making investments on a number of fronts on opportunities that are very oily and maybe even a little bit lower pressure, but also are there more dry gas and high pressure, it's about the return. And more importantly, it's also about that initial entry cost to get to that opportunity. We look at that carefully as well as the timing. I mean, we have enough experience now with these new play developments that the timing becomes very critical in our decision, whether we want to embark on a new opportunity, because if you're looking at something with a really short cycle time on your leasing, it takes a lot of capital upfront. It just and again has to fit within everything we're trying to get done. So what I can say is, our organization has responded to the challenge that literally we laid down last year that we want more opportunities, more exploration, and quite frankly, we probably have more than we can fund right now.
John Lambuth: Well, I'll take a stab at that. This is John. I think from November, when we had that initial look, we've had a lot of good outcomes throughout the regions, I would point out in Anadarko. I think some of that initial plan that we had in place had us going to drill I believe some longer lateral dryer gas Woodford wells, which even today have a nice return. But now we have some really nice results in the more updip, both Meramec and Woodford part of our play. And those areas tend to be oilier and they just look that much better from a rate of return standpoint that we'd rather move the capital over to there. I will tell you that those type of wells don't tend to come on at quite the same high rate as those downdip gas wells do, but they are flatter in their profile. In the end, our decision is based more on, it's just a better rate of return, and that's why a lot of that capital moved from there to where we previously had it back in November. The other thing I'll comment on is like within the Permian, it's fair to say that there was a lot of thought that we'd go maybe more toward development on somebody's banks and yet based on the spacing pilots, we actually feel like we need to go even tighter with these pilots. And it is fair to say because we are going tighter and I think Joe alluded to that. That introduced as a little bit more risk on the guidance and a little bit more on the timing side, because we are doing those pilots and so that changed the overall nature of that program. But for the betterment, we think that's the right thing to do for the long-term for this company.
John Lambuth: Yes, those four rigs really it depends on us and our partner come in to a good understanding on how we move forward with that large development project there in that East Cana, the long lateral development. Right now we have that placeholder in place for those rigs coming in, but we still got a little bit of work to do, but that's what our current plans call for.
John Lambuth: Yes. This is John. Well, first off, I think both us and our partner very much recognize that on a go-forward basis from a development standpoint, long laterals is where we want to be in the Cana-Woodford. They actually have four long laterals on the current development that they're fracking that, we're all paying close attention to, but we have high expectations for. And so, I would say that the first thing that we'll really lever greater rate of returns for that development is indeed going to longer laterals, which is what our plans currently call for later in this year. But I'll also say, we've been very pleased with this rock and as Tom stated, we got this tightest 12 wells per section and do not feel like we're seeing any degradation in the performance of those wells. And so, that's why we stepped out to do this much tighter spacing product that we're currently drilling, right now. We'd like to get that under our belt and see what that result looks like and then use that to influence what that later long lateral development look like there in the Eastern part of Cana.
John Lambuth: Yes. This is John. We have just finished recently completing an Upper Wolfcamp well on Ward County. We have plans for second one there. Some of this is driven by some recent competitor wells that come on in the area. It's also being driven by our frac innovation. I will tell you about two years ago to three years ago, we drilled a number of Ward County wells and that they were underperformers. We now go back and look at those wells and we now realize, A, we probably landed them in the wrong zone and, B, we completely did not frac them appropriately. And so, we're taking another look at that acreage, and that's kind of where we find ourselves. Now obviously the proof will be in the results of the wells, but we're encouraged so far with what we've seen from other operators, and that's why we've gone back into that acreage.
John Lambuth: I would argue it's actually neither of the two. We don't have a resource in place issue in terms of how we see it. It's more of the – what we start to observe is the existing fracture network that the Third Bone Spring wells created. And how we can ensure that when we come in with a new borehole in the Upper Wolfcamp that a lot of our frac energy doesn't go right back into that fracture network, essentially that that well fundamentally changed the stress properties of the rock. And so what we look at is how we can tailor our design to kind of stay away from that and maximize what still looks to be a very good resource there in the Wolfcamp. That's kind of what we're trying to as Tom said thread the needle with.
John Lambuth: Well, each play I would tell you, Joe, is a little bit different. But I think it's fair to say that we are deploying far more clusters in a typical borehole than we ever did say a year ago, year-and-a-half ago, and that has been a big change for us where there is a feeling that you couldn't get those clusters too close, but we've kind of broken through that wall and based on our monitoring what we see, we focus a lot both on that sands per cluster, but more importantly, how tight can I put that cluster, because again that's the entry point to that rock, and I would argue – I say often the more entry points, effective entry points I have for that rock, the better chance I have of having a well stimulated rock, so yes. Part of that pounds per foot is really driven by the total number of clusters going up in the sands per lateral.
John Lambuth: Well this is John. I don't have that exact number of breakdown. What I'll tell you is, yeah, so far right now the upper areas are looking very strong from the standpoint of return, but I also tell you, we love – like we've seen in the past lower with the Flying Ebony well, we now have the Tim Tams coming on which is taking that, that frac design and we have high expectations for that. We are however in a very fortunate position based on all the drilling we've done to date that yeah, we are going to have that optionality kind of going forward. Most of our acreage now is held that it doesn't force us to have to – as you know in the past, we've always wanted to drill lower first to ensure we hold all rights. So yeah, you could argue going forward, there probably will be a greater mixture for upper and lower, but I don't have that right off the top of my head right now.
Joseph R. Albi: This is Joe. I can answer that. In Culberson, we've put together an arrangement with Plains to truck and haul our oil out of the basin. We typically have not had issues with regard to the gravities that we're producing out of the basin. We've got about, I want to think, 70-some odd percent on pipe. I got that number right here in Culberson. Culberson is 70% on pipe. Takeaway has not been an issue with the announcement of the three larger pipes out of the basin. We also feel that won't be an issue downstream and our contracts are such that we are able to sell the high gravity and control the RVP on the crude.
Joseph R. Albi: Yes. This is Joe. That was just for the completion side of the equation. So that would be your water sourcing, fracking, stimulation and initial flow back. And there is a tremendous degree of variability there, because the size of the job, John mentioned some of the experiments we are doing. And your total well cost is obviously, then – completion cost is a function of service cost, your sand cost, your chemical cost, your sourcing cost. So how all those play together, it's hard to come up and just say, hey, here is our increase. What I can tell you is that the service side has been the biggest increase that we've seen. If you look at our service cost per stage as compared to Q3 2016, it might be upwards of 20-plus percent per stage, but we've managed to control other costs through efficiencies of sourcing and what have you. And so it's really just – the range I gave you is kind of where our current AFEs on the completion side are now, taking into account current frac designs and the current cost today.
Joseph R. Albi: This is Joe. I might add some too. The previous guidance that we issued in Q3 or the Q3 call, really didn't take into account any of this. And so to some degree, yes, I think it was $600 million that we quoted, that did not account for any completion cost escalations going into 2017.
Joseph R. Albi: And this is Joe. I might add that those experiments, if you will, lot easier to take on in a falling cost environment as compared to stable or escalating cost environment, but nonetheless in either case you want to look at the overall economics of design A or B or program A or B, yes.
Joseph R. Albi: I think Tom hit them all on the head. I mentioned earlier, Joe, that the $600 million number we quoted before didn't include any cost escalation. So there is some component of that. We add the rigs into this year's program and they show up Q2 and near the end of the year get a good chunk of our drilling done by the end of the year and all of a sudden what we find is that our capital deployment is middle to the end of the year. Our production coming on is middle to the end of the year. The complexion of the portfolio mix to oil is going to have a little bit different Mcfe per day, add for a given oil well versus if there was a Cana gas well. And when you put it into blender and turn it on, and you get what you get, that's where our number came out, and Tom hit it on the head. It's all about rate of return and that's what we're worried about. And when you look at the plan, springboard into 2018 looks nice. We got a great exit rate, and a heck of a bump in our oil, and so we're pretty excited about the forecast and not too worried about how it looked compared to last quarter.
Joseph R. Albi: Yes. This is Joe. The Wood State is a great example of that. Those delays in getting a three-well pad on production impacted Q4 production by 5 million a day. And so the timing risk, we can't control, we don't predict when we're going to have operational issues or any kind of delays in the plan of development.
