Scott Schroeder: Thanks, Tom. Today I will briefly touch on first quarter results, shareholder returns and then finish with a discussion on guidance. During the first quarter, Coterra generated discretionary cash flow of $1.23 billion, the largest quarterly cash flow generated in the combined company's history. The figure was largely driven by an 8% increase in realized Boe commodity price quarter-over-quarter and solid operational results. Accrued first quarter capital expenditures totaled $326 million, with D&C making up 96% of the total, while cash capital expenditures totaled $271 million. Coterra's free cash flow totaled $961 million for the quarter, which included severance and merger-related costs of $31 million. Additionally, the free cash flow figure included cash hedge losses totaling $171 million. First quarter total production volumes averaged 630 Mboe per day, with natural gas volumes averaging 2.85 Bcf per day, both at the high end of guidance. The company's oil production averaged 83.1 Mbo per day, 1.3% above the high end of guidance. The first quarter performance was driven by a combination of non-operated production volume gains, positive well productivity and to a lesser extent, accelerated timing. The company exited the quarter with approximately $1.5 billion of cash, up from the $1 billion level at year-end 2021. The company's combined net debt to trailing 12-month EBITDAX leverage ratio stands at 0.41 times at the end of the quarter. Liquidity stood at just under $3 billion when combining our cash position with our undrawn $1.5 billion revolver. Turning to return of capital. We announced shareholder returns totaling 69% of the first quarter free cash flow, or 50% of cash flow from operations. The return was driven by three methods. As Tom already indicated, we maintained our base $0.15 per share quarterly dividend, which provides one of the largest common dividend yields in the industry; second, we announced a variable dividend of $0.45 per share. Combined, our base plus variable dividend totaled $0.60 per share, up from our $0.56 per share dividend paid last quarter. Our total cash dividend is equal to 50% of free cash flow and 36% of cash flow from operations. Third, after announcing a buyback authorization of $1.25 billion in February, we repurchased $184 million of shares during the quarter. We repurchased 7.6 million shares at an average price of $24.16 per share. The buyback amounted to 23% -- excuse me, $0.23 per share or 19% of free cash flow. Entering the second quarter, the company had a 10b5-1 plan in place, and we will provide details of its second quarter share repurchase activity with our second quarter results in July. We remain committed to returning 50-plus percent of free cash flow via the base plus common dividend and supplemental returns will come in the form of enhanced variable dividends, share buybacks or even debt reduction. Lastly, I will discuss our guidance. In the release last night, we reiterated our full year 2022 production capital and unit cost guidance. Our second quarter total production guidance is equal to 605 to 625 MBoe per day with natural gas and oil volume guidance set at 2.725 to 2775 Bcf per day and 82 to 84 Mboe -- excuse me, MBO per day, respectively. As previously communicated, our expectation is to generate second half volume growth. We are maintaining our full year 2022 capital investment guidance. However, we continue to see inflation headwinds, which could move us above the midpoint of our range. We intend to remain disciplined and have not added activity for this year. While we are also seeing inflationary pressure relating to operating costs, especially in GPT and LOE, we expect to remain within our original unit cost guidance. G&A expense for the quarter was $1.48 per BOE, which included $0.54 per BOE or the $31 million previously mentioned related to severance and merger-related costs. Excluding these charges, G&A would have been below $1 per BOE and below the low end of guidance. In summary, we remain committed to capital discipline and shareholder returns while focused on execution, maximizing return on capital and maintaining one of the best balance sheets in the industry. With that, I will turn it back to the operator for Q&A.
Scott Schroeder: Yes. Sure, Tom. I think, as we said when we laid it out in just over history of legacy companies, it's just simply another arrow in the quiver to return capital to shareholders. And we will continue. We're not going to be granular and kind of explain where we put the price points in the 10b-5 plan. We were effective and we did execute on some of that, but we saw the -- what we’ve seen in the prices run up. The outcome of the first quarter highlights exactly where we want to be, and that is, when -- the average of what we bought in that we've announced is $24.16. We got price with pushing $29, pushing $30 this morning on the announcement. Again, we're not going to chase the thing up, but when we find opportunities and look at the relative valuation and intrinsic valuations, it will continue to be part of the return strategy, in certain periods in the cycles we’ll lean on it more heavily and in others we won't. But I agree with, Tom’s point whole heartedly. We got to, kind of, reassess what that mid-cycle price is right now.
Scott Schroeder: Yes, sure. And what I would add is exactly what Tom said. It's just the timing, it's the cadence. We had some positives coming out of the first quarter that gave us more comfort in terms of guiding more of a flatter trajectory in the second quarter. But the plan, as I said in my remarks is still dominated. It's back-half weighted as it was. On the gas side, particularly on the Marcellus business unit, when you look at the cadence because again, very few rigs running, very few completion crews running. So it's just -- it's a lumpy profile. We will only have 35% of the footage turned in line by the end of the second quarter, which will again solidify that second half ramp that we are planning for. So no big changes, a little bit of positive that I alluded to in my remarks that gave us more comfort with the second quarter, and we'll watch the dynamic continue to play out.
Scott Schroeder: No, I think you covered it perfectly, Tom. The key thing was versus the first quarter when we didn't have the buyback authorization, that's why we leaned harder on the variable, having another -- again, not to overuse the analogy, arrow in the quiver, that played into the discussion. And that's why we landed it at 50% this time because, as Tom also indicated, we exceeded what we did last time at the 50% level.
Scott Schroeder: Hi. The simple answer is no, it cannot be ignored. And we will continue, as we have in the past, we have a hedge committee. We were active again recently even in this week, and we will continue to lean in and monitor the market.
Scott Schroeder: Yes, Matt, I think you're looking at -- I mean, if you go back to my prepared remarks, we got the base, we got the variable. We've got buybacks and I appreciate the fact that you did bring up debt. Is there a wedge of that, that goes to debt repayment? We have the maturities in 2024, $1.3 billion. Again, we're not leaning in hard on that, but that's all going to be part of the equation internal and in the boardroom as to what we do. Obviously, the Fed is going to meet tomorrow, and we'll see what interest rates do in response to that. But at the same time, what is that refinancing risk that's out there 24 months from now. Again, we've got an eye on that right now, while we're seeing this excess free cash flow, and everything is in play. But keep in mind, we remain committed to at least 50% of that $4.5 billion coming back to shareholders, if that number stays and is solidified throughout the course of the year. Obviously, commodity prices would change. But as Tom in his remarks said, we're seeing kind of a shift here in terms of the system is set up for very positive prices for an extended period of time.
Scott Schroeder: Doug, this is Scott. No, that's not part of the narrative. Again, as Tom has alluded to many times, we're going to make the best business decision. And as we have alluded to, we got an abundance of riches in terms of our portfolio. We have the ability to lean in, depending on how we see that macro environment continue to evolve. But taxes, while part of the discussion aren't the driving factor.
Scott Schroeder: Sure. Yes, Doug, again, I hear your point. Exactly that was part of our decision. That was part of our presentation to the Board in February when we got the $1.25 billion authorization approved. We were looking at that relative performance. And as I said in my comments, we look at that relative performance, we look at the intrinsic value, tie those -- both of those to where the commodity is and kind of look at where we think we should be trading. Now, we're not going to tell you where we think that is. But that all plays into it. We have made the commitment on the other side to return at least 50% in the form of cash through the base plus variable. And you know us, both legacy companies as a combined company, we're not going to go back on our word. But a little of going -- at the end of the day, we stopped at 50% in the quarter, the first quarter because of the fact that it will be paid in the second quarter and used that increment to lean in on the buyback. Now, keep in mind, the buyback I feel we were very successful, but we only had March to do that. We put a 10b-5 in place and you have to put parameters in and let it run. You can't touch it. So, we will continue to lean in on this. We hear your point, but we still think the all the above approach is the right way to do it. And over time, I believe, and I think the team believes that we will close that gap eventually.
Scott Schroeder: Yes, Leo, this is Scott. The answer to both of them is yes. Yes, closer to the 20%, as you see the impact on commodity prices this year being way more positive moving it closer to the 20%. And if those stay in place, you'll have the same effect next year, maybe moving even below 20%.
Tom Jorden: Well, Neil, I appreciate the question. I'll tee it up and then turn it over to Blake to comment on Waha. We are -- as you -- I hope are not surprised, we're very constructive on natural gas. Now of course, both commodities are backward-dated if you look at the strip, but we've seen support for natural gas well above what we've seen in recent years. And we see that as a response to fundamentals. As I said in my opening remarks, I think there is a growing awareness of the critical need for natural gas and the market is responding accordingly. So we are very constructive on natural gas and really pleased to see the support it's achieved. Now, you asked me, if I worry about Waha. Neil, I worry about everything. It's what I do. But we're not panicked. We think that the market will adjust and that a lot of the fears that are currently in the air are going to prove to be overblown. But, to that, I'm going to let Blake comment on Waha.
Tom Jorden: Again, Nitin, I'm going to turn this over to Blake, but we have studied the LNG markets hard. And one thing that I will say at Coterra is I'm very proud of our marketing group. They've been creative. They've been adaptive and they've been pretty nimble. And they've done a deep dive for us, and I'll let Blake summarize the marketplace as we see it.
Tom Jorden: And then -- and I'll just wrap that. We are extremely constructive on Coterra as you can -- I hope, will not surprise you. We're extremely constructive on our asset performance. We're constructive on our inventory, and we're really constructive on our positioning in the cyclic market in oil and natural gas. I mean, it's all where we want to be. That said, when we launched the buyback, we want to pursue it aggressively, but we just feel like it ought to be tempered at some mid-cycle pricing. So the answer to your question is more about what do we think mid-cycle ought to be, rather than are we bullish on Coterra at our current share price. I think with my opening remarks on the constructiveness on commodities and they're underpinned by supply-demand fundamentals, it's been a long time since I've been able to say that. And so, this mid-cycle pricing in the last couple of years has been a best guess of what the median is in a huge oscillating commodity market. And now suddenly, it looks like we have some ground support. And so, I think we're all watching and rethinking how we ought to view what mid-cycle means. And that's kind of where we are. But we are extremely bullish on Coterra.
Tom Jorden: Arun, if I could just follow on with that. Blake mentioned two elements. One is cost inflation, but the other is just supply chain bottlenecks. And cost inflation, that's just out there and hard to fully predict. But we can do something about supply chain bottlenecks by careful planning, by ordering ahead, by making sure that we have conversations with our partners and let them plan, as Blake said, we did pre-buy our sand, and we are preordering a lot of stuff for 2023. We're -- it's just remarkable the extension in lead time between order and delivery. So we're on top of it as we look into 2023 and beyond. And we're doing multiyear planning, and we got a good head start on this.
Tom Jorden: Well, in some sense, I'm going to answer it describing it barriers for the riches. One of the great things about having a deep inventory is we really can make decisions around capital returns and not worry about any our issues. So we do rank our inventory – and we're certainly going to fund from the best returns down. So a lot of that lower inventory stuff is still going to be lower in the ranking. But Marcellus, they are all competing for those top slots. And we are going to be aggressive in just waking up every day and putting capital where it needs to flow. And that's something on, you've heard from us for a long, long time.
Tom Jorden: Well, we've had very constructive conversations and thank you for that question, in Washington. But also, we were recently on roadshow and engaged with a lot of our owners, and those were really good conversations. And I will say that I hope you glean from my remarks that it's not just one string you control here. Look, I think the solutions here are self-evident and I think everybody knows it. I just don't think we have the collective will to execute it. We need infrastructure. We need support broadly from our regulators, from our investors. We're not going to stray from our investors here. I absolutely going to stay close to our owners on this topic. We need support out of the American public, and we need the will to solve this problem. The American producers ready to do our part. And I'll just say again, it is not a complex problem. That is perhaps the most discouraging part of this whole situation. We have the resources, US onshore and offshore to return to global dominance in terms of energy leader. We're seeding geopolitical influence in ways that are unnecessary and we need leadership. But we also need people to just come together and solve the problem, and we're ready to do our part. And I think our owners are too. We're say, we're not going to stray from our owners. We're going to certainly be in constant communication with our owners. But we're not talking about returning to the -- I think irresponsible capital days of work, and a lot has changed in our business. One is a lot of our projects pay out in a very short amount of time. So we're not talking about years to pay out. We're talking about months on some of these projects. And so that's going to change your thinking on risk of capital allocation. But we just need some very thoughtful people helping solve this problem. But thank you for that question, Holly.
Tom Jorden: Yeah. Mike, I'll handle that one. This really isn't a new shale in the basin. It's one that a number of other operators are drilling. It's in the Bone Spring section. And historically, we've drilled second Bone Spring -- excuse me, Third Bone Spring sand and Second Bone Spring sand, and it's a shale that lies in that Bone Spring section. It is a shale. It's a sand up in New Mexico, and then it goes into a shale in Reeves, Loving County. We at Coterra, at legacy Cimarex, we drilled our first test in it in late 2019, brought it online in December of that year and had a very, very nice result. So we've tested in a number of places and have had outstanding success. We really brought -- or bringing a nice project on now that is four wells per section. We see this landing zone as probably four to six wells per section, and it adds significantly to our top-tier inventory, somewhere, I think adding five years of top-tier inventory would not be a stretch, just this landing zone loan. It's not -- it grades in quality, but it's really good. Second tier is really good here. So we've been excited about it for a while. It's the first time we publicly discussed it, but we have results to talk about. And we're really looking forward to just adding this in our toolkit for generating and developing great return on capital.
Tom Jorden: I am very comfortable with pushing that number higher. Now yes, how I view it, Mike. And I'm going to be clear with you as you always expect to be. I view it completely through a lens of what's the best business decision. And I know from time to time that it's very difficult for the external world to understand lumpiness in production and the production cadence, that's not just smooth and consistently up to the right. And I wish that were the way the world works, but it's not the way the world works. These larger pads really make sense from a capital efficiency standpoint, from a land disturbance standpoint, from a return on capital standpoint but also from an emission standpoint. By centralizing our facilities, we have the opportunity to reduce our number of emitters, centralize them and really deliver the cleanest barrel in the world. And so I think about it in terms of what's the best business decision and going to a larger number of wells per pad can be the best business decision. I mean it's not always the best business decision because it also extends your lead time from first spud to first production. But we -- the only answer to your question is, how do I think about it? It's the absolute best business decision. And I always take the approach that we're going to make good business decisions. And I'd rather explain a good business decision then react to a market that doesn't understand and so make a poor one. So that's the way we think about it.
Tom Jorden: Yes, Doug, we're looking at that now. We're getting a head start on 2023. But, yes, I would not be surprised to see us pivot capital into the Marcellus. It's a remarkable asset with remarkable returns. And as I said earlier, it's kind of an embarrassment of riches. We've got so many great choices and I challenge our organization to make our job difficult on capital allocation. And, boy, they're taking me for my word on that, we've got some really good options.
Tom Jorden: You came in pretty scratchy there. But your question is on the upper Marcellus and inventory. As we have previously discussed, we're currently flowing back some Upper Marcellus tests. We're very encouraged by what we see. I haven't changed my thinking on the Upper Marcellus. I really like the Upper Marcellus. I think it's going to surprise to the upside. We have a very broad, deep inventory there. But it's an interesting problem. It is different than the Lower Marcellus and may involve some different completion techniques. It's part of the what the team is discussing today. It's a big fix section and not bound as much as the Lower Marcellus. And we're going to be experimenting to optimize it. But it's a tremendous source rock, and I think it's going to be everything that we've hoped it would be. I mean we really do have very good data that backstops our optimism on there from Marcellus.
Tom Jorden: Okay. All right. We really do look at it from a zero start. I mean there's no capital in our program that has a permanent placeholder. We look at asset performance; we look at particular projects and what they can deliver. We look at market conditions. And if we think there are any overprints on marketing, that can be basis, can be restraints along those lines. But we are extremely constructive on oil and natural gas. Now that said, in the midst of all this optimistic talk and I'm probably the most optimistic on the call, I want to remind everybody that we haven't repealed the commodity cycles. And it's not like we said to ourselves, wow, we don't have to worry ever again about prices cycling downward. We probably -- as I said in my opening remarks, the fundamentals look fantastic. But look, nobody should follow me around on this topic. I'm not aware of too many experts out there that have consistently gotten it right. So the diversity of our assets, the diversity of our exposure to the commodity, and our ability to pivot capital is really important to us. We don't want to put all of our eggs in one basket regardless whether that basket sits in Midland or Pittsburgh. And the fact that we have absolutely stellar returns, quick payouts and such great operating teams in really three different basins is everything that was our rationale for building Coterra. And now more than ever, we are convinced that Coterra is fit for our times.
Tom Jorden: Thank you, Cheryl. I just want to thank everybody for joining us this morning. We look forward to continuing to deliver great results. As you know, we like talking about results, and we're going to be working hard to consistently generate them, which is the theme that form Coterra. I want to wish everybody the best, and thank you for your support, and thank you for a lot of very good questions this morning. Thanks, everybody.
Blake Sirgo: Thanks, Tom. Neil, when we look at our Permian gas, we already have about 45% on firm transport to the coast. The remainder is priced at Waha, but it's covered under firm sales agreements with our processors, that give us flow assurance well into 2024. But really, when you look at Coterra, that Waha priced gas only makes up about 5% to 10% of our total Coterra gas portfolio. So we're evaluating all those new projects coming out of the basin, including those three that have already been announced that in aggregate, will add 1.8 Bcf a day of takeaway to the basin by Q4 2023. So we're not against adding more FT if it makes sense, but we're going to view it through a really long-term lens. And we'll be hesitant to take on long-term commitments that could potentially destroy a lot of value for something we see as a short-term impact, but stay tuned.
Blake Sirgo: Thanks, Tom. Nitin, first, I'll say, Coterra moves 350 million cubic feet a day, every day through Cove Point on a long-term LNG deal. So we absolutely have the wherewithal to do these long-term commitment and experience with LNG. When we look at our assets, we've got three basins with multiple decades of high-quality inventory. So supply is not an issue for us. The challenge is, just economics. It's expensive to get to the coast. There's limited pipes to get there. So you pay a pretty good fee just to get there. And once you get there, we're entering a really crowded LNG market. And that's really shown through in the deals that are being offered to the producers. So we're wrangling all that right now, trying to understand it, but we've got to find a long-term deal that works for our shareholders and creates value, but also works for the buyer. And we haven't found one yet, but we're going to keep hammering away at it.
Blake Sirgo: Yeah. Arun, specifically, starting with sand, we saw early in the year, things, especially in the Permian, we're getting pretty hectic out there in the sand market. And so we actually went out and purchased all our sand for the whole Permian program for the year. And then the Marcellus, we're under contract for SAM for the year. So we took that one off the table. We've covered the majority of our big cost drivers, frac spreads, rigs, tubulars with contracts that get us through the end of the year. But we still have exposure in items like diesel, labor, trucking, we're subject to all those, and we watch them really closely. We've built in all the inflation we've experienced today in our projections, and that's what's reflected. But ultimately, we can't control the market or inflation. We can control our efficiencies and our execution, and that's where we're always laser focused. Some of that you can see our average lateral length in the Permian is up 12% year-over-year. Our average development size is up 51% in year-over-year in number of wells. And as Tom mentioned in his opening remarks, we're really starting to bear the fruit of our electrification projects, and those are real savings, and we expect to extend those with our grid-powered frac fleet coming on this summer. So supply chain is a challenge, inflation is a challenge, but our op teams are up to it, and they're finding new ways to fight against it every day.
Blake Sirgo: Yes. Just to echo Tom, you take the Permian, the Anadarko and the Marcellus and they all have their very unique challenges. And so they all have very unique solution sets that never get presented outside of that basin unless you have these teams that are cross-pollinating across them. And so that's bringing some really interesting discussions, some really interesting solutions that we would never see just looking over the lease line. Really, as far as completions and well spacing, we challenge that every day. There's lots of work going on in the Marcellus right now to run new models and look at things in a new way. And vice-versely, the Marcellus team is challenging the Permian team and the Anadarko team. So it'll be exciting to see where it goes.
Blake Sirgo: Yes, David, this is Blake. I'll take that one. I wouldn't expect any material changes. We have a lot of great long-term deals. We're diversified to a lot of good indexes that give us lots of different pricing power, and we expect that to continue. So, I wouldn't expect anything.
Blake Sirgo: Yes, Leo, this is Blake. I'll take a crack at that. I mean, in general, most of the new capacity that's coming on right away was spoken four years ago. And new capacity coming is all mid-decade and that's what's being shopped in the market. I think there's – competition is a great thing. And if there's a lot of demand overseas and there's more LNG projects in the US, that's going to drive more competition in the deals for producers. And so, we're a big supporter of LNG. We would love to see a bunch of new LNG terminals pop up along the East Coast. So, if we can figure that one out, there's plenty of opportunities but time will tell.
