Tom Jorden: Mitch, its Tom. Much as I'd love to cite our efforts, a lot of that is the rocks. We're really in some very nice areas. We're getting these wells completed efficiently. I think our team in Midland has done a great job operationally, getting these things done. But, it's really just nice rock. We're finding and we're testing some new areas and they're very prolific and we're just tickled pink with the results. When we first got on this play we were talking about results that were considerably lower than what we're achieving. So we're increasing our own estimate, pre-drill. Of course that means that some other people are paying attention. Lands got a little more expensive. There are some play entrants. If you follow the industry as I know you do Mitch that there are a lot of other people now talking about that Bone Spring play in Southeastern Mexico. So, it's just really worked out well for us and to that I attribute good geology and good operational execution.
Tom Jorden: We're currently -- when we got started in this, we were talking about the EURs between 200 and 250,000 barrels. For the areas we like, which is most of the trend, our EURs now are coming in between, I would just 550,000 barrels on an equivalent basis is our current model. And we think that's sustainable. We think that's where our results speak to.
Tom Jorden: Yeah the 11,000 laterals are about 5000 deep, it kind of depends where you are, it kind of that's going to vary from 8 to 11,000 feet and laterals if we can get a 5000 per laterals we'll try. 4,500 feet is probably more realistic given land constraints, where you can put your rig.
Tom Jorden: This is Tom, we offset our huff well which had teens rates so it's -- we do have that kind of potential in the area. As I said the reason George Well was reduced rate was really two reasons. We are drilling a San Channel, we in the lateral we ran out of sand and we stopped lateral a little short because we though we were out of sand and then when we were running our casing we stuck the casing and didn't get all the way in and off about another 500 feet of lateral. So, there is about 2,500 foot effective length in that well and that certainly accounts for the reduced rate.
Tom Jorden: I will say I don't have that in front of me. I can give you that if you want to call, I will say our model for parent well in that core area would be about 4.8 million cubic feet a day of wet gas. So, that would be not in the equivalent rate but actually a high btu gas stream, our model in that area will be just slightly under 5 million cubic feet a day that's what we would expect. For the particular two wells that were on those sections that were on those sections I don't have that in front of me. We didn't quite achieve that with our in-field but we really didn't expect to, I mean our model going forward we were looking for something 70% better than a parent well and we would call that encouragement and we certainly that encouragement.
Tom Jorden: That is the equivalent volume that includes the methane stream, the NGL volume and the wellhead condensate.
Tom Jorden: Well we are seeing, this is Tom and Joe is going to comment on that as well the operations group proposed to Joe and said he keeps his finger on that pretty tightly. We are looking at from our standpoint in exploration to drill these wells little faster by not staring them as much. So, we certainly like to try to shave some days off but we are seeing some upward pressure in our stimulation cost.
Tom Jorden: That's a net number but again I wanted to give my standard caution that's acreage that I can probably on a math show how Avalon shale wells are been drilled and if I drew a big oval around that our acres sit inside that. We are still early days evaluating our level of interest in that play and so I would discourage you from taking that 100,000 acres dividing it by 8 per well number and extrapolating that because we don't that internally.
Tom Jorden: Well, the Abo is really 168 per spacing and that's also true in our New Mexico Bone Spring. If you really held my feet to fire asked me to justify, should it really be 200 or should it really be 100, we haven't done a lot of work on that yet. But we're pretty solid at 160.
Tom Jorden: You know, the Abo, we have about 35,000 net and most of that is Cap Rock Township. Actually the number is 39,000. We're acquiring small interest here and there. I wish I could tell you that we had the potential to pick up a lot more acreage in that play, kind of geologically limited. It's probably never going to be three times of that.
Tom Jorden: We didn't lay leasing play there. This has been kind of a quite year for us but we attempted to flange up our position with leasing. That play has become much more competitive. There are some operators out there that had been not pursuing that play. They have a lot of acreage and they've now stepped up and drilling wells and making nice wells. That play is economically little tougher than others. We like the returns on that play. It looks very good. But that is deeper. It is more expensive drilling and so, if you looked at the return of that play, it's not as solid as some of the stuff over in New Mexico. That said, the play we generated internally, we really like it.
Mike Merelli: Well it depends on depth. Joe quoted 3.8. That would be, it goes deep to shallow as you go from west to east. So that's probably 3.8, 4.2 maybe, yeah.
Mike Merelli: Yeah you bet Mitch. There are 12 rigs. We have three of them in the New Mexico Bone Spring play. Two of them are in our Abo trend. We have two of them drilling vertical Paddock wells. We have three rigs on White City, testing various things. And then we have one in our Third Bone Spring play down at our low in-field and one kind of bounces around drilling some miscellaneous wells. We haven't poured our 2011 plans yet. That's a process we typically kick off in October. I will say that I've spent little time with our Permian Group and they are wanting to increase activity fairly significantly and I think you would probably see that proportionately. We like all those plays. So, we really like the Bone Spring play, the Abo play, the Paddock play. So, I think you'd seen, that ratio probably hold solid. But I would expect and again, I'll caution to say we haven't done our 2011 planning yet. But I would expect that will be increasing our Permian capital, I would say, 20% or more for next year.
Mike Merelli: They were our assets predominantly in Mississippi because that followed us for 10 years at least. He probably didn't know we had assets in Mississippi. So that was the bulk of the proceeds and the associated reserves are about 8.7 Bcfe.
Joe Albi: Bone Spring mentioned several different plays. We have our Bone Spring that we're playing in Eddy County is second third bone spring. First Bone Spring is the Avalanche Shale and so I will say that of our acreage that we currently tabulate, we think exposure to that Avalanche Shale play, we probably have 100,000 or more acres that's potentially sitting right in the middle of it. So as I say that I'm going to caution that there is more that we don't know about that play than we do know about that play but there is some drilling going on and it does sort of subsume about 100,000 acres that we think will be exposed to that play. In the New Mexico Bone Spring play, we have about 38,000 net and about 65,000 gross and that's a very difficult number to really put a stake in the ground on because that's changing all the time. We're leasing aggressively. We find ourselves through trades and using the force pooling that we leverage our position to increase our working interest but we've gotten multi years of inventory and we really like those plays.
Joe Albi: This is Joe Albi. Our best estimates for production reductions during the quarter, I think I quoted 10 to 15 million a day. A majority of that occurred in the Beaumont area and it was a situation where there was some maintenance repairs going on number one and number two there was a small pipeline rupture that needed to be tended to. So that had the biggest impact on us. We also had maintenance shut ins in the Permian that also were playing a big role in that whole shut in period. It's hard for me to give you a dead on number because we re-pensioned our Beaumont wells at the same time that we had the shut ins ongoing. So if I use before shut in versus after shut in, it gives me a range of potential impact for the quarter.
Joe Albi: Well this is Joe Albi, the current well cost for a Texas Panhandle Granite Wash wells is running around $5 million and that's up about $0.5 million from where we were in Q1 most of that is on the completion side and due to increased stimulation cost.
Joe Albi: Well, this Joe Albi. What all we can really go on is what we know as far as the existing wells and your productive capacity is are and what we've modeled for Q3 and Q4 is that the anticipated decline that we thought we'd see a year ago, we're not seeing it now and that's a combination of couple things. Pulling back our wells like we did in the Jefferson Airplane Complex, number one; and number two, we had a great good string of productive wells along the way. What I can tell you is that if we have success on that rig line that there's a pretty damn good chance that we keep the flattery and even increase it. That it all comes down to the wells that we ended drawn from here.
Joe Albi: Well, in rate -- of course I will say again Bone Spring is several different plays but for our second Bone Spring, third Bone Springs, horizontal oil program and Eddy, Lea County, we're typically looking at current oil pricing and we ran a forecast in the share pricing and then we look at downsize sensitivity, our share pricing is whatever the future prices, that they will make decision and then the downsize sensitivity is $45 NYMEX held flat forever, less local market deducts when you look at there's a local market will take the hit for that. We're typically looking at rates to return that are 50% or better for this horizontal wells that current oil pricing and then if that $45 flat, that's play is it's not a typical to be looking at flat pricing that's somewhere between 25 and 35% rate of returns. So, now I would like to that the return to that play but assuming it's also very important to us as it does have certain robustness to that downsize sensitivity if we saw collapse in oil prices.
Joe Albi: We think there's no impact. That's why we changed it, we've done a lot of science talk here and continue to do a lot of science and one of the things that we experimented with a shortening, I'm really getting into the weeds here but you ask the question and we have an answer. We are four clusters per stage and initially our clusters were about 80 feet apart so we had four of them per stage and stage was 353. We experimented with shortening that cluster spacing down the 50 feet and going with stages that were about 250 feet apart and that's how we were getting more stages in the lateral. We were just shortening the space between clusters and the idea was that each cluster will generate an independent hydraulic fracture and that we thought we could generate more of them without interfering with one another. The goal is you would like to put those things as close together as you can but there is a point where if the get too close together they interfere with one another. In other words, if you get too close, two cracks you are trying to open up we are actually closing one another because they are just too close. We went about shorter cluster spacing, we completed quite a few wells with it and didn't see any statistical uplift, didn't see really any benefit whatsoever and so it was more expensive, it was more operationally intensive to do that and we doubt that back. We would think that with our lighter treatment we will see no degradation in EUR. I know that sounds a bit lot but we have a lot of data for that we have a lot of data for that.
Joe Albi: Well our type curve which is for a new drill is about 8.8 bcf of wet gas I don't want to say wet gas, I mean we have associated natural gas liquids that will come out of that stream and we have about 62000 barrels of oil and the first 30 day average of that well would be about 4.8 million cubic feet a day of a wet gas stream and of course that goes in the processing and if gets natural gas other than that.
Joe Albi: Yeah I would say a good safe range right now to use will be 7.5 to $8 million total and like Tom said a lot of the hinges are on how we directionally drill these, we could potentially cut some costs there and by going back to the 13 stages that has helped. It's by saving another 700 - $800,000 up the total stimulation cost. But again you got a lot of components going at the same time so we're trending water around 7.5 to 8 million.
