Thomas Jorden: Nitin, it's completely project timing and when projects come on. We're in the process of bringing online what we call our mid- [indiscernible], which is 23 wells. And so the timing of when those come on as we complete that row is strongly driving our production cadence. We've got a -- the next project, our Red Hills asset in New Mexico that will come on over the third and fourth quarter. We also, in the second quarter, had a nice pleasant surprise with the overperformance of 3-mile project, 4 wells in Reeves County. It's completely project timing, our productivity is surprising us significantly to the upside. And as Shane said in his remarks, this was part of our plan. This is not a surprise to us, nor is it a concern.
Thomas Jorden: Yes, Arun, it's well productivity is driving that change fairly and simply. And no, there's no assumption of reallocation in that 3-year plan.
Thomas Jorden: Well, certainly, we'll drill more productive wells. And with our operations team, we will achieve increasing operational efficiencies. We -- as we've outlined in our deck, in the Permian, we have a 51-well project underway, and that's remarkable and offers the opportunity for some great efficiencies. It's going to be stunningly productive. I'll say, as we look at all of our options, we look to see what's our outlook for commodity prices, how low can the commodity price fall where we would still generate a really nice return on our capital. And there is always a bit of wanting to skate where the puck is going to be on commodity pricing.  So -- but we're going to be disciplined. We're not going to chase the strip, as I said, but we also like to be consistent. I mean chasing the strip works both ways. It means racing to add activity when prices are high, but it also means panicking when prices are low and dropping activity, and that can be horribly destructive to everything we want to accomplish. It could be destructive to your well productivity, it can be destructive to operational efficiency, and you can exactly time it wrong.  So consistency is a luxury that Coterra affords, and we intend to exercise it.
Thomas Jorden: Mike, we've got a wide range of investors, as you can imagine. We have different voices. Quite frankly, we have some investors that tell us that if anybody is earning the right to grow, it's this team. We have other investors that are -- feel differently. We always enjoy conversations with our investors in getting feedback, and we'll certainly be doing that on the heels of this call. But I think the investors that I think resonate with our story are looking for consistency, and they're not buying Coterra to just ride a wave up or down. They want to see some progress. And that's what we're here to do.
Thomas Jorden: I'll also add, we'll be bringing those wells online as we go. It's not a situation where we wait to bring 51 wells online when the last one is completed. We staged them online continuously as we're continuing to drill and complete.
Thomas Jorden: Well, it's in Culberson County. It's in sort of the South Central Culberson County on the Eastern side. We call it the [indiscernible] row named after landowners out there, but it's in a great area. It's well defined. We've got a lot of calibration, good reservoir, good pressure, good oil. I mean it's ready to roll.
Thomas Jorden: I don't think it will impact the relative allocation. We have a lot of projects lined up that it will impact. I mean as we look out the next 3 years, I don't -- I think it will help us to optimize based on what we learn. We're continuously trying to optimize, but I don't think it would necessarily change our capital allocation.
Thomas Jorden: Well, based on our experience with long laterals. I mean, long lateral performance is something that we're all still learning. As we went from 1-mile to 2-mile horizontal wells, we had to learn what the uplift from 1 to 2 is. It's depending on the reservoir, depending on the spacing, depending on the nature of the flow back. And although we have some experience with 3-mile laterals, we don't have broad experience in any 1 area. We've got a 3-mile project in several different areas, this one was in Reeves County, where the operating environment is so different. And just quite frankly, the well surprised the upside. I mean I wish I had some grand conclusion, but it just -- they flowed back a little stronger and with a little more uplift over a 2-mile than we had forecasted.
Thomas Jorden: Well, I would say that our team is really hitting their stride. We have a fantastic operational team, both in the office and in the field when it comes to the Marcellus. The team has done a lot to manage and understand parent-child effects and really tailored our completions around that, tailor our well spacing. And they've really done a great job in revising our forecast methodology. And we're forecasting much more accurately.  And just really a big shout out to them across the board. They've got some great projects staged both this year and as we look ahead. And it's a mixture of Lower and Upper Marcellus, and they've just made tremendous strides in understanding spacing, understanding completion design, understanding how to manage well-to-well interference and flowing back prudently. I mean it's just -- it's almost everything coming together at once. They're doing a tremendous job.
Thomas Jorden: Thank you for those questions. We don't have a tally of our 3-mile inventory. I will say it's going to be a small part of our program generally. A lot of our lands are already developed or parsed out for 2-mile wells. And so 3 miles are going to be the exception. Go forward, I think you might see a project or 2. Marcellus probably will have the most 3-mile wells of our program just because that Upper Marcellus is wide open, and we'll be taking advantage of that fully. But Permian is going to be a rare instance.  And then as far as your question on the larger project size and the loss of the ability to cycle learnings, if I understand your question properly, that's -- that is a 2-edge sword. It also will give us the opportunity to test a lot of things, because with a 51-well program you have a lot of opportunity for control and test. One of the things that is [indiscernible] in our space is if you have an individual small project and you march off and change some parameters, you don't always have that control experiment to compare it to.  So the 51-well project will have the opportunity to have several subtests within that to have good offset control and really normalize out some of the geologic and other attributes that can cloud your conclusions. So it's a good question. We think that we're ready for a project of this size, and we do really look forward to delivering outstanding results with it.
Shannon Young: Yes. Thank you. I'll take that. Listen, when I say on the return of capital program, first of all, the company looks at it from a full year program cycle, and focusing on quarter-to-quarter certainly make decisions, but I think we try to keep a vision of the totality of it in mind. If you look back over time, we've maintained a cash balance over the last 6 quarters as high as almost $1.5 billion, as low as in the $600 million. So I think that's a range the company is comfortable operating within. And from there, I think as we make individual decisions quarter-to-quarter, we're going to look at what is the free cash flow, what is the outlook for the coming period, and what's our internal look at the value of the shares that are trading in the marketplace.
Shannon Young: Yes. Look, I think what I was trying to say is we currently have 2 rigs running and 1 crew in the Marcellus. And if we were to maintain that level of activity into the future, that our annual capital would be $200 million lower in the Marcellus area. So I think that's -- that was sort of the message that we're trying to deliver based on where activity is today.
Shannon Young: Yes. I would say sort of on cash costs sort of as we highlighted for the quarter. In addition to LOE overall, we're down from $8.90 a BOE last quarter down to $8.27 BOE this quarter. So I think we feel like we're trending in the right area.
Shannon Young: Leo, Shane here. Yes, as it relates to 2023, and the guidance range for the accrual is $2 billion to $2.2 billion. And what we said is we think we're trending presently that 1% to 2% sort of above the midpoint within that range. So that's really in reference to the accrual number that's out there relative to the cash number. Obviously, the cash number is going to be impacted by timing around AP between the beginning of the period to the end of the period.  As it relates to your observation on the fourth quarter, look, you're absolutely right, maybe even a little lower than the numbers you were referencing at the midpoint when you look at it, and we feel good about that. We're letting go of some spot crews sort of as we get through the end of this quarter in both the Permian and the Anadarko, and that's what's really leading to the lower activity that leads to lower accrued CapEx.
Blake Sirgo: Yes, this is Blake. I'll take that one. Really, what we're trying to show on Slide 12 is how our cost structure is and is not moving throughout '23. So when we built the budget, we had some strong indications that our leading cost indicators were coming down. And most of those have come to fruition. So you can see with our midyear repricings, we gained ground on rigs, OCTG, frac sand, but it's really the remaining market piece of our cost structure that just hasn't seen the same deflation.  So that part has been pretty sticky. It's a bunch of smaller services driven by really underpinned by labor and fuel, and we just haven't seen that deflation there. So all we're assuming when we do the 5% is that those leading-edge indicators on those services we've called out, maintains for a full year, whereas this year, we only got to realize them for half a year.
Blake Sirgo: Yes. I'd just say, our program is driven by constantly high-grading. And so in the Permian, that means our oils projects come to the . So our team is doing a great job with that. I'm not surprised that it went on.
Blake Sirgo: Yes, sure. I know the headline reads 51-well project, but I think it's important to share how our ops teams look at it. What we're really doing is taking 6 distinct drill spacing units and prosecuting them in 1 consistent row. So no big changes on well per section or completion design. This is all about concentrating activity to maximize efficiency.  So all those things Tom said, we're cutting down on mobs. We're parking frac crews where they can get the most pump hours per day. We're centralizing and co-mining facilities and infrastructure. When you bring all that together, all those efficiencies really add up. And so as we model this project, our dollar per foot is coming in about 8% lower than our current cohorts on average. So that's just the power of all that. What our Permian team is really doing is executing efficiencies on a grand scale coming to bear.
Blake Sirgo: I think you nailed it. It's all about the value proposition. Not a year ago, we were signing contracts to hopefully keep inflation from rising. Today, we're looking at contracts where we can see deflation if we entered into longer-term deals. And so we just have to balance those things, because they can reduce our flexibility, and that's what we are on the downside cases.
Blake Sirgo: Yes. I would -- well spacing and frac design are a never-ending topic at Coterra. We debate them constantly, and we're -- we don't ever settle that the current design is the best. So you're seeing that across the portfolio this year.
Blake Sirgo: Yes. Just saying the Marcellus, our team has done a fantastic job focusing on lateral length. Over 50% of our program this year exceeds 10,000 feet. We actually have a couple of wells with total measured depth in excess of 25,000 feet. So pretty light sale performance that's really helping drive down our cost per foot. In the Permian, it's all about these wells per project, these bigger developments that take advantage of project size. Our average wells per project is up about 23% just over the last 2 years. We expect that to continue.
Blake Sirgo: Right. Our drilling and completion fee per day are up also. I mean our crews are hitting records on pumping hours per month. Our drilling fee per day is up 14% this year. But that's what we expect. That's what we do every year.
Blake Sirgo: Yes. I think that's why we gave Slide 12 to kind of give some color on deflation. When we built the budget, we were taking all the best information we had at the time and if that deflation had rolled through the entire cost structure, we feel very confident we'd be at the low end of the range, but it just hasn't materialized. We're seeing it on a few leading items, but not through the whole cost structure. So when we give the 5% going into '24, all that assumes is the gains we've got so far this year continue with nothing else.
Blake Sirgo: Yes. I don't have that exact call out. I can tell you, it's not pretty much baked in dollar services.
Blake Sirgo: Well, I'd say our LOE is down quarter-over-quarter. So that's the big one. We expect that to continue throughout the year. We've seen a little pressure in GP&T that's not unexpected. Most of our portfolio has CPIs that are capped, but we're hitting those caps this year. But we've modeled that out. And as you can see in our full cost, we're front loaded and expect to come in, in the middle of the range.
Blake Sirgo: Yes. This is Blake. I'll take that one. Your first question around Waha. Waha has traditionally been pressured, but we've actually seen it open up quite a bit this year. That's with the new expansions coming online. Some of the forecast revisions coming out of the Permian, Waha is looking stronger. And there's plenty of good options there for -- to get Permian gas to LNG. We look at every single one of them. We just haven't found 1 that works for us yet.  Up in the Marcellus, we do have room to grow if we chose to. We know the pipes we can move the gas on. It might come with a little higher cost than we're seeing now, but that's factored into our economics.
Blake Sirgo: Yes. This is Blake. I think it's fairly uniform. I mean there's always nuances between basins, but rigs and crews have wheels. And if the arbitrage is big enough, they'll go to another basin. But, in general, we have great service partners we've been with a long time, and we work together through ups and downs.
