Scott Schroeder: Jeanine, this is Scott Schroeder. Again, our framework is the 50-plus percent. If you listen to the comments we made and how we're leading in and our goal of getting most of the buyback done, I think it's a safe assumption that we will be higher than the 50%. But at the end of the day, our main commitment is the 50-plus percent.
Scott Schroeder: Yes. Neil, I think that Tom hit it well. But the other thing I would add to what he said is, in terms of the flexibility we have, we've got to maintain that flexibility. We've got a phenomenal balance sheet. We kind of leaned in on our comments in here, the mid-single digits. So we're kind of all -- there's a little bit of a lean in towards your question already. At the same time, the other dynamic that's happening in because Tom's referenced to great rock, we are able to invest less and less money to get better outcomes than we have historically. So I think where you end up is you're going to have the ability -- unless quite honestly, if it goes to 40 and 2, that's a different dynamic. But you're going to have the ability to deliver both and continue to manage through this.
Scott Schroeder: If you saw the cadence of the slide that we put in front of our Board of Directors, the answer to that question is yes.
Scott Schroeder: Yes, Michael, this is Scott Schroeder. Again, we're continuing our hedging discussions internally. As Coterra was formed, obviously, the big dynamic was we -- and the balance sheet that we have, we don't have to lean in heavily on hedging. But we do like to have some of our cash flows covered in the event of some disconnects. And when we see opportunities, we'll take advantage of that. We've done that so far. You can see that in our 10-Q filing that will be made today, and we'll continue to address that. In the end, it's much like buying insurance. We don't have to have it, but it's prudent to add some protection to the overall profile.
Scott Schroeder: Doug, I don't if you have the page number on here, but it's Page 7 in the deck, free cash flow breakeven is still at $40 and $2.25. So I don't -- again, stress testing it down to that level. We're very confident that we have a sustainable program without having to really jeopardize what we want to accomplish.
Scott Schroeder: It could be 15% to 25% deferred taxes, so you're a cash taxpayer between 75% and 85%. But to your question there, it is going to trend higher.
Scott Schroeder: Sure. Yes, the one thing I'd add, Leo, is, again, we're still on track to try to get all the integration done and the new people hire, the old people out by the end of the year. So that '23 is truly a clean bill of health for the Coterra Energy going forward. That would be the only thing I would add.
Blake Sirgo: Hey, Jeanine. This is Blake. I'll take that one. When we look at inflation across the basins, it's really kind of amazing how close they track on casings to casing, we feel that everywhere. And even with rigs and crews, they're in hot demand all over the U.S. And so the service providers have pressure to bring those to wherever they can -- whatever basin they can get the best pricing is. So it's been interesting to watch those costs really track closely. What's differentiating the Permian this year is, one, just some more operational efficiencies, specifically the 3-mile lateral projects in the eFrac is offsetting some of the inflation, but also in the Marcellus just with contract timing. The Marcellus contracts rolled off earlier in the year. So we went to new contracts at higher rates. So it kind of took their lumps earlier in the year, whereas in the Permian, that will be a little later.  As far as inflation going forward, I think we're -- we've built in everything that we know today. And so that's what we're guiding to. 
Blake Sirgo: Yes. Noel, this is Blake. I'll take that one. I mean, as you can imagine, we're talking to everybody and anybody who's involved in that space. And there is some interesting projects out there and they just make a lot of sense. I mean you got the premier gas basin in North America on the East Coast with a straight shot to Europe. We have an existing LNG deal with Cove Point that we safely moved 350 million a day through every day, and we need more of that. So we're talking to all those parties. We're trying to help find a way to advance the ball on that and get some more deals like that done.
Blake Sirgo: Well, I'll just echo what Tom said, it's about pipelines and infrastructure. The industry needs certainty that those things can get built so that the investments can be made. And there's a long list of blood that has not happened. So that's very front and center in everyone's mind. So I think some help there would really go a long ways towards making those projects happen. 
Blake Sirgo: Yes. No, this is Blake. I'll take that one, too. Really, when we look at our service costs right now, the thing first and foremost that we focus on is execution. It's paramount that we have premium rigs and crews in order to safely execute our capital program. And if that requires longer-term contracts, then that's what we'll do. So -- but it's not lost on us that each new contract we sign is at an all-time high when we look at our historical costs. And so that -- that just leads us to take a measured approach, and we've taken a bite of '23. We've extended some contracts into '23. But most of it, we have not, and we'll just be watching it close and discussing it more as we go through the year.
Tom Jorden: Well, Matt, we've learned kind of what we've talked about in the past. We believe we can recover the same amount of oil volumes in much -- if -- much of our Permian asset by drilling fewer wells. And so we're seeing a significant increase in capital efficiency, as we widened our spacing. And in some areas, we've increased our completion energy. And what we're finding is that as we compare our projects to some offsets, we're tracking right on line with recovery per drilling spacing unit with a lower capital investment. We continue to explore landing zones. We've done a lot of science over the years, and we're seeing, I think, good recovery from our section of rock. But as I said in my prepared remarks, all that in great rocks and you have a formula for success. So we're very pleased with the changes we've made over the last couple of years.
Tom Jorden: Our learning curve in the Upper Marcellus right now is steep, and it's kind of fun. It's nice to have a new landing zone with that kind of potential and kind of a race what you've known that doesn't apply and apply which you've known and directly applies. We're doing some science right now in the Marcellus. We've got a fiber optic project with some downhole pressure sensors, kind of exploring the fracture efficacy of our completions. We're very encouraged by what we're seeing in the air from Marcellus, and we look forward to bringing those results to the floor as soon as we get a little more production behind us. We want to be conservative and watch these multipad developments before we start high-fiving ourselves. But the Upper Marcellus is wide open territory. We're very encouraged and look forward to discussing it in the future.
Tom Jorden: Yes. Well, Arun, we're not prepared to give that specific guidance in 2023. We've got a lot of what if'ing going on right now. We really haven't crystallized final plans. And I'll just leave it at that. I hope that answer doesn't surprise you.
Tom Jorden: We've talked in the past when we first discussed the Harkey last quarter that we think it adds about five years of top tier to our inventory. Harkey is terrific. We're seeing outstanding results from it. It's just a very prolific member of a very prolific hydrocarbon section. As you work the Delaware Basin, it's been described to me as a very forgiving basin, but it's also just wonderful in terms of a target-rich environment. So Harkey stands shoulder to shoulder with the best of our landing zones. And we think we've got a lot to do in the upcoming years.
Tom Jorden: Well, we're still studying it, Mike. And I know there's been some really good commentary. There's some good commentary this morning in the Wall Street Journal. And I'll say this, I will be surprised if a lot of its current form ultimately survives. With respect to the methane fee, there are some concerning provisions in there. It calls for as to conform to EPA requirements that aren't yet published, and it calls for us to conform in the time line that looks like it will predate the effect of new EPA regulations. So that's a bit baffling as to how we're going to comply with that. There's also a provision in there for a methane intensity to be measured by direct measurement, and we are -- we've tried every technology, and we're evaluating a lot of continuous monitoring technologies currently. We haven't found one we think is scalable to address that requirement. And so how that 1 ultimately gets implemented, we'll wait and see. We do like the provision that lets it be a corporate methane intensity as opposed to basin by basin. As far as the alternative minimum tax, there's a lot of provisions of that, that are concerning. And I know others have commented on that. And then I'll finish with the addressing of infrastructure in the bill. I think it's a credit to Senator Manchin mentioned that there's a pretty strong statement on the infrastructure. There are some confusing elements to that. And we wait to see how that bill survives final passage. So I know that's a wandering answer. We're studying it carefully. I'll say this, there's no substitute for sound energy leadership. We really need an energy policy that is coherent, focused and resolute. And I'd like to see that be a whole of government approach and not just a Senate Bill. I'd like to see a little more leadership from the rest of our government on this subject, but we'll see. The ball is still in the air on that one.
Tom Jorden: Well, your observation is quite spot on, Doug. We do have a lot of gas in our portfolio generally. As you know, the Delaware Basin is very prolific from a gas standpoint. I really -- as I've said over and over, really look at capital allocation in terms of return on invested capital. And the Marcellus is absolutely second to none. I mean it's really an outstanding economic fairway. We do have the opportunity to grow a little bit in the Marcellus. I said in my opening remarks, we do need some additional pipelines. But from a capital allocation standpoint, based on returns on the Marcellus and the Permian are neck and neck. We've done some interesting analysis on how that changes with different oil and gas price swings. And at current multiple of gas to oil, you could -- with a blindfold on, you could really pick out the basin and really find very comparable returns. So we like the revenue balance. We like the geographical balance and we like our capital allocation as it currently stands.
Tom Jorden: Yes. Well, we've talked at length about the Anadarko and the fact that it's kind of in a rebuilding phase. We've got a couple of projects coming online this year, one of which is flowing back now. We're too early in that to really be definitive. But I will tell you that we're very encouraged. The Anadarko has an excellent inventory. And quite frankly, we've been in the Anadarko a long time, and we're pretty good at it. So I'm very pleased with what we see. And I think over time, owner of Coterra is going to benefit quite nicely for having that asset in our portfolio.
Tom Jorden: No. It's all a timing issue. When you bring a well on the second half of the year, you're typically in a area, depending on timing, where you have little impact on that calendar year, and it's just purely a timing issue. The one thing we talked in the past is because we starve the Marcellus a little bit for activity, we're doing a little catch-up in the Marcellus. So we look forward to seeing some growth out of the Marcellus, and that will be reflected primarily in '23 and even '24 as we currently model it, but it's all timing.
Tom Jorden: Well, our -- we're very constructive on gas. I think most watchers are. With growing LNG exports, storage where it is, increased power demand, gas, and I think also a reawakened conversation around the critical role gas has to play in addressing the climate, particularly when it comes to power generation. I think we're quite bullish on natural gas. Marcellus is a great asset. It's in a great part of the world. And to answer your question is as we look ahead to the next couple of years, I would say we are more constructive on gas than we've probably been in a long, long time.
Tom Jorden: Well, yes. I mean there's always concerns about takeaway. We certainly couldn't support unbridled growth out of the industry. The region has a greater potential to deliver gas than the market currently has the capacity to take away, which is why we say we need some new pipelines. Now as we look at it currently, we could grow a little depending on what our peers do. Production in the six-county area that's near our Susquehanna County, it's kind of a subregion of the Marcellus, is down a fair amount. And so we do have some capacity to grow. But we want to be very mindful of that. We don't want to cause activity that would lead to basis blowout. But we're not currently high bound, but I would say over the long term, your question is well taken. We need some additional takeaway capacity out of the basin to deliver what -- where our industry has capacity to.
Tom Jorden: Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. We are pleased to have discussed our quarter. It was a great quarter. Hopefully, we've been able to reaffirm our commitment to our capital discipline, return of cash to our owners and outstanding assets. So we really do look forward to continuing to perform and updating you as quarters go on. But as I'll finish where I started, Coterra has hit its stride. So thanks, everybody.
