Patti Poppe: Thank you, Carolyn. Before we take your questions, I just wanted to take a moment to review our regulatory and legislative time line shown here on Slide 14 and reflect on some of our highlights in 2023, starting with our wildfire self-insurance settlement in January which we see saving customers up to $1.8 billion through this 4-year GRC period. Other milestones include resolving our safety culture OII. Settlements with the CPUC Safety and Enforcement Division for both the Zogg and the Dixie fires and over $1 billion of interim rate relief approved in our 2022 Wenzy [Ph] proceeding. We have plenty to look forward to as well. Key catalysts we can point to include resolving our GRC and achieving base revenue visibility through 2026, approval of our 2023 WMP and safety certificate, resolution of our GRC Phase 2 proposal to implement SB 410. Our 10-year undergrounding plan filing under SB 884, disposition of our cost of capital adjustment advice letter. The proposed decision on Pacific Generation and advancing our DOE loan application. That’s a lot of value to come for customers as well as investors. In addition to regulatory catalysts, we look forward to further progress towards normalizing our financial profile. With the Fire Victim trust completing their sales, restoring our credit ratings to investment grade to unlock significant financing cost savings for customers and reinstating our common dividend. We believe these catalysts favorably differentiate the PG&E investment story anchored in our simple affordable model. Our strategy remains focused and is based on the foundational belief that a financially healthy and well-run PG&E can and will play a leading role in enabling the clean, affordable and resilient energy future to which the state of California and our customers aspire. We trust that you feel the momentum that we do. And with that, operator, please open the lines for questions.
Patti Poppe: Yes. Thanks, Shar, for the question. These are all things, obviously, on our mind. Look, first of all, the process isn’t finished. We’re in the throes of completing the final decision for our rate case. We know how important it is. We also know the important work that we want to do for customers. And that is at the heart of what we requested in the rate case and the heart of our advocacy. In terms of difficult choices, I think what we look at, we see without the necessary cash flow, it definitely slows down our ability to complete the work, but we also know that we’re committed to improving the health of our balance sheet. I’ll address your equity point, but then I want to make a broader point about the regulatory environment here in California. First, on the equity point, we’re still committed for sure, to our commitment to not issue equity through 2024. We stand by that plan. We know that issuing equity at this valuation is not good for customers. We need to make sure that we have the equity and access to the capital markets that attracts capital to California, so we can make those necessary investments. So we’re standing by our plan there through 2024. But back to the construct and to your question about how do we make these choices. Look, the California regulatory construct is good. It has a lot to love and I’ve learned that as I’ve been here it provides many earnings mechanisms and provide certainty in those earnings mechanisms. Let me give you one example. We had these major storms back at the beginning of the year, like 14 storms in the first quarter. And we were able to recognize the revenue associated with covering the cost of those storms through our CEMA mechanism. But we don’t collect the cash. There’s a delay in that. And so that’s the part that I think people are coming to terms with. Here in California, specifically about PG&E is that given our we’re on a path to become healthy. We’re on a path to recover our balance sheet. We’re committed to FFO to debt in the mid-teens. In order to do that, we have to have timely cash recovery. And that’s the point we’ve been trying to make about these proposed decisions that they allow too much cash flow lag and we don’t have a balance sheet that can afford that. I think a typical investment-grade utility can handle that buffer. And so the regulatory construct works. But given that we are in the situation we are with our credit metrics, we’ve got to improve those credit metrics and this is essential to returning us to the position so that. And this is the part that’s most important, Shar, so that we can do that necessary work on time. We don’t want to have to slow down the deployment of the work. We don’t want to have to make choices for customers about which essential work we do first. We want to be able to do that work in parallel. I have the work team -- I have the team here at PG&E who’s ready to go, who can do that work for customers that can make the system safer, faster, but we need the cash flow. And so I think it’s a new issue here in California. It’s a new issue for our regulators to deal with the fact that our credit ratings are where they are. But we do see a path that if we all work together. And if PG&E proves itself trustworthy as we work to do every day, and I think the progress we’ve made to date is starting to provide that evidence that we can do what we said we’re going to do. That we have earned the right to be trusted to deploy this cash to the best benefit of customers, and that’s really what we’re focused on doing Shar.
Patti Poppe: Yes. Good question, Shar. Thank you. I would say, first of all, these new mechanisms, particularly those that are reflected in the new legislation, SB 410 and last year’s legislation around undergrounding do provide for us to do the work. But again, it all comes back to our access to cash and the cash flow. And so we think that we definitely can catch up on the work and do the work if we have the cash. And so that’s an important role that these PDs play as we move forward. I will also say that on the undergrounding specifically, it’s a relatively small cost in the overall rate case. So in terms of customer cost, as we’ve calculated and have been sharing $3.40 a month is the impact to customers at the peak of the rate case for customers to do the undergrounding. And the customers I talked to are pretty excited about us doing that work. And so we continue to make the case that undergrounding in very specific miles. And I think it seems to some in some cases, it feels like people are trying to do an all or nothing. It’s either we do undergrounding or we do covered conductor. The reality is we have 1,000 miles of covered conductor, there are places on our system where covered conductor is the right choice. What we’re talking about is a very specific highest-risk miles with a very unique geography, particularly suspect for vegetation strike. And that vegetation management expense that we are doing every year customers have to pay for. And I think people don’t understand it actually is less expensive to do the undergrounding. And people understand it costs something $3.40 a month, but it will cost more to continue to do vegetation management and overhead hardening and the maintenance of those overhead lines in these specific areas. So we continue to make the case. Look, Shar, we see a path forward to do all of the necessary work that our customers have been begging us to do. We’re excited about being able to do that work, and we’re sure that we can get to a good constructive outcome with our regulators.
Patti Poppe: Yes, you bet. Yes, it’s a great question, Steve. And I also think it’s something that’s been hard to understand in all of the public comments and advocacy. Look, there’s some catch-up that needs to be done here. And in California, we have this construct where we need to do necessary work and the utility bears the risk of doing all the wildfire preventive work. And so there are some onetime short-term costs that are embedded in the early years of this rate proceeding. But as the years progress, then those things come out of the bill. So for example, as we do the recovery of the 2023 revenues that obviously needs to be captured then. And our proposal is a 12-month capture in 2024. So if you can imagine a customer would be collecting bills in 2024, that we are paying bills in 2024 that reflect 2024 and 2023s revenue. And then that comes off. And then the bills come down significantly. And so what we’re -- the point we’re trying to make is that there is some catch-up in this, but bills can definitely improve, that’s just math. But what I think is really important and the part that people don’t necessarily yet appreciate about the new PG&E model is our simple affordable model. This is not just a slogan, it’s not just a thing we say, this is something that we do every day. And that is funding capital investment through cost savings, cost reduction we have had dramatic cost improvements already on our undergrounding, on our vegetation management. Our next big hurdle is our system inspections. We’ve got major improvements that we can make there. Then we add in the efficient financing. Look, getting our credit ratings in the right place will save customers money, not spreading out the collection of the 2023 revenues over 3 and 4 years will save customers money. We have the ability to reduce costs in the bills, and that’s what we’re focused on every day. I think that’s a new habit, a new pattern for PG&E to be recognized for. And so I can appreciate that regulators and others have questions and wonder if that’s actually what we’re going to do. All I can say, Steve, I think you know my track record, we can do real cost savings that benefit customers while we’re making these very necessary investments in the infrastructure.
Patti Poppe: Well we’re hopeful, Steve, that November 2 reflects a final decision. But what’s on our mind is we want to make sure that it’s the right final decision. And so -- if -- I think there’s still two meetings, November 16 and November 30. If in fact, they wanted to take more time to get it right. But we’re hopeful that November 2 represents a final decision.
Patti Poppe: And this is Patti. I’ll just add in. So no, it hasn’t been done before, Nicolas. And so we’re working through what that process will be. And so that’s not perfectly clear, but I do want to remind everyone that the benefits of AB 1054, there’s -- it’s a fundamental change in California that really helps create the certainty required to number one, prevent a liquidity issue in the event of a significant incident. It allows us if, in fact, we had did have to, in a hurry, get access to that fund, we could access it to pay third-party damages. But as Carolyn said, it’s actually -- it takes time to settle and to pay out those settlements, but the enhanced prudency standard that comes with AB 1054 is another enhancement that will be good to see as we move forward here. And so I think there’s a lot to appreciate about AB 1054 and the protections it provides and the certainty it allows for here in California as we do this necessary safety work to make the system safer faster.
Patti Poppe: Yes. Well, first and foremost, let me be clear, we won’t do work that the commission didn’t fund. And so our plan right now is the most efficient plan we agree. We have done negotiations with contractors. We’ve developed a workforce. As I mentioned in the script, I’ve got 2,000 people right now today, doing undergrounding and those people are skilled and qualified -- boy, I don’t want to tell them that they have to step off the job. But the reality is we’ve got 350 miles planned for this year, and we’ve got engineering in the hopper to prepare us for next year’s 450-mile target. And then we’re focused on 550 miles in 2025 and 750 miles in 2026, but all of this is contingent upon regulator approval. So if the CPUC decides we should do less undergrounding or to slow down the path, it will cost more for customers, but obviously, we’ll take their direction, and we’ll then file our 10-year plan and make sure that it does its best job of compelling a more favorable decision to get the scale because that’s the beauty of what we’ve observed already, just like the story of the month that I shared on the call, we are finding savings on every job. And scale is essential to realizing those savings for customers. So that’s really what’s on our mind as we move forward. We will be filing that 10-year plan when the OEIS is prepared to receive it.
Patti Poppe: Yes, exactly. We certainly don’t want to come to a cold hard stop. Like we want to be able to keep moving and keep the acceleration of the benefits for customers rolling every mile buried as another mile of risk virtually eliminated. And so we’re really focused on these very specific miles and getting these specific miles done as soon as possible to protect the people of California, and we think we can do that at a very affordable price.
Patti Poppe: Yes. We’re very grateful for the legislature and the great work that they did this year in recognizing that when you do a 4-year forward-looking rate making, you don’t -- you can’t perfectly predict the demand that we’re actually experiencing. And so as demand increases, SB 410 allows for an annual true-up of recoveries for the work that needs to be done to enable electric vehicle transition to electrification in the state. And I’m very proud of my team. We’ve been working hard to improve our own process while we get the necessary funding. What’s important is that we are able to do our work more timely. And so here’s some news from this year we delivered a 17% increase in volume of requests this year. So in 2022, we did 7,900 new business connections. We’re up to 9,200 here in 2023. So that’s a 17% increase. Really proud of the team, things all of our lean operating system being put to work, have deployed things like we are estimating, which is our engineering and work preparation is a critical part, but can be a bottleneck in the process. That team has gone to work reimagining how they do estimating, and they’ve reduced their cycle time from 116 days down to 71 days. I mean that’s a 50% improvement in really a 1-year focused effort. So the ability for us to improve throughput and meet the needs of customers is real. We’re starting to prove to people that we can, again, do what we said we’re going to do and the cash flow that’s enabled by SB 410 is helpful because it’s more timely, but there is still a year’s lag. And so again, we’ve got to get these credit ratings back up into investment grade so that we can attract the debt markets at the lowest cost for customers. And this whole -- the plan hangs together extremely well when we are -- when we have a balance sheet to fund all this really important work that we need to do for customers.
Patti Poppe: And I’ll add. This is Patti. The PacGen the whole purpose of that is for efficient financing for customers. And so this is a good example of how we’re not just counting on others. We’re not just counting on the regulators to fix our balance sheet. There are things self-action that we can take that we are taking that is really intended to help enable customers to get the value that they’re demanding, the value they deserve in this infrastructure that we have the privilege to build for them. And so this is just another example of our simple affordable model, efficient financing as a piece of the puzzle to make sure that we can invest in the infrastructure and save customers money. And so that’s what we’re up to on this transaction.
Patti Poppe: Yes. Our plan is dynamic enough that in 2025 and 2026, we can adjust the miles and make sure that they’re mutually agreeable, if you will. I will say that as we designed the sequencing of the miles, we picked -- well -- and let me just start with every mile in the 10,000 miles is high risk. So if you do mile 8,000 or mile 2000, you’re still tackling a high-risk mile. So we’ll start with that. But as we sequence those 10,000 miles, we did include the adjacent miles that also will be underground for an efficiency. That’s how we get to the lower unit cost. But if there’s certain miles that the regulators instruct us to do sooner as we work with OEIS on our risk reduction plan will definitely be prioritized. We definitely are focused on making sure that the system is safe today because of our mechanisms like EPSS and public safety power shutoffs but those cause outages. The public safety power shutoffs and the EPSS mechanisms are working. We showed that with our ignition reduction. And so we know customers are safe today, but we want them to be resilient. We don’t want customers to have to choose between having safety or having power. We want them to have both and undergrounding as the lowest cost path to that future.
Patti Poppe: Yes. So we have demands every day on capacity increases, EV charging infrastructure. And so that’s just -- and that demands some of that we can’t -- we don’t know the project request yet because it will come in a very -- it happens all the time. And so that’s the point about SB 410. We can’t perfectly predict what those 300 projects would be. Otherwise, we wouldn’t need the mechanism. Because it comes in as EV penetration increases to meet the state’s direction as EV charging infrastructure gets built out. That will vary year after year. And so that’s the beauty of SB 410, whatever the demand is, we can meet it. And we won’t recover more than we install, we’ll just have good timely true-up of that work that gets demanded by customers. And so that’s more of a calculated 300 than actual specific 300 projects. .
Patti Poppe: Yes. Well, we’ll be working that. First and foremost, we think a revision to the PD will be good and enable us to do more faster, so number one. Number two, though, as we look at the SB 410, that’s going to be driven by customer demand, and that’s good work to be done. Our whimsy proceedings, we’ll continue to file those on a timely basis. Those certainly help with cash flow. It’s a good example of a delayed recovery that doesn’t affect earnings, but it certainly affects our credit metrics and our balance sheet. And so WIMS [Ph] will be important to be resolved in a timely manner. But the 10-year undergrounding plan just provides the pathway to the lowest cost safest infrastructure. And then certainly, FERC transmission, as you saw, we filed our TO filing earlier in October. We’ll continue to leverage the ability to do that at those transmission projects as well as key components of the whole picture. One of the things that is really important to understand is I rattle off all those things, there is so much work to be done here. Work that customers deserve work that customers will greatly value and benefit from work that customers have been asking us to do for some time. And so what’s important to recognize is we always self-regulate the volume of work we do on customers’ ability to afford. That is the simple affordable model. That we can invest in this capital infrastructure as indicated in -- on Slide 7, but we offset it with cost savings for customers every single day. And so those cost savings is what makes it possible to grow rate base like that without putting an undue burden on customers and their ability to pay. So it’s value for customers and cost savings that make up that simple, affordable model, good for customers, good for investors.
Patti Poppe: No, it’s good bread and butter transmission investment, stuff that helps enable the clean energy transition that’s happening here in California and work that improves both reliability and access to that clean energy.
Patti Poppe: Thank you, Chris. Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us. We definitely enjoy this time together, but we appreciate certainly your patience on this GRC. It has a long-term impact. And it is worth the way to get it right and to make sure that we are aligned with our regulators. We all want the same thing. We want the safest system as fast as possible that customers can afford. And so we’re working together to get to a good outcome and we appreciate your patience. We will hold a special call once we have a final decision to review the details and share more of our insights when we get to a final resolution. We look forward to seeing you at EEI and please be safe out there.
Carolyn Burke: Yes. Thanks for the question. We have been in continuous conversation with the rating agencies about our rating. And we’ve actually already spoken to them about the GRC and the PDs and the impact on FFO to debt. But we’ve also talked to them about our commitment to achieving mid-teens in 2024 and other ways that we can get there if we need to. But it is challenged, and it’s going to slow -- it will slow our progress on our balance sheet. So the path to get there really is about FFO to debt and getting to at least the 13% to the 14%, and that’s what we’re committed to doing over the course of the next 2 years for sure, and we’re committed to getting to mid-teens by the end of 2024.
Carolyn Burke: So we haven’t actually tapped the wildfire fund. So on the Dixie accrual, we did increase the accrual by $425 million. We have an accrual of $1.6 billion in total at this point in time. But what’s important is that you can’t tap the fund until you actually -- until we have actually paid out $1 billion in settlement. So to date, we have a 730 -- we’ve settled around $730 million, and we’ve paid out $575 million. So we have a ways to go to fully paying out $1 billion. But the statute limitations on Dixie actually runs out in October of 2024. So we are in preparing for that filing as we speak and working with the fund on how to ensure a smooth of a process as possible.
Carolyn Burke: Yes, good morning. Thanks for the question. So PacGen is on track. We’re following the process, as we’ve mentioned, that we had kicked off our Phase 1 of the sales process at the end of June and July, and we’re now in what we would call Phase 2. So we’re tracking the marketing and sales process right along with the regulatory process. I think the major milestone on the regulatory really is that the PD is due in January of are within 90 days of the record closing, which occurred on October 5, 2023. So we still expect the closing to occur in the first half of we have seen very robust interest from what we expected in terms of interest in these very unique differentiated assets, largely from infrastructure funds, but we’re pleased with the interest and still expect the time line to be as we’ve discussed in past earnings calls.
