Anthony F. Earley: Thank you, Gabe, and good morning, everyone. I'll start by saying we had another solid quarter operationally, consistent with our plans, and we continue to make progress towards top quartile performance throughout the business. As usual, Chris will highlight a few points on our operational performance, and Kent will go through the financial results. I'll focus my remarks today on an update of the various gas issues. Most of the recent activity and attention has been centered around the regulatory arena. Late yesterday, we received an ALJ ruling requesting that we and the other parties submit information about the impact penalties would have on our ability to raise capital. Responses are due August 14 and September 13. We're disappointed to see the ALJ's ruling, which results in significant delays in this already protracted proceeding. We understand the desire to punish the company for past behavior, but more importantly, the process should ensure that past practices are corrected and that we meet new, higher standards. Since the San Bruno accident, the company has made significant improvements and has committed substantial resources and shareholder dollars. Instead of recognizing that commitment, CPUC staff and other parties want to identify how much additional pain the company can bear, and their resulting recommendations have lost all perspective. Ultimately, if the safety division or the other parties' recommendations are adopted, total shareholder-funded spending on unrecoverable gas pipeline work and fines would exceed $4 billion. This is obviously excessive. We believe strongly that the commission's final decision should recognize the huge amount of gas safety work we've already completed and the billions of dollars being spent without recovery from customers. We will continue to urge the commission to bring these proceedings to a reasonable conclusion as soon as possible. With respect to the criminal investigation, we continue to provide information, as requested by the federal, state and county attorney. And although it's uncertain criminal charges may be brought against the company, they've been at this now for about 2 years and, like you, we'd like to have it resolved. Regarding civil litigation, as you know, we settled all of the most serious cases a few months ago. I'm pleased that we've been able to resolve many of these cases, and we're now focused on settling the remaining cases, and the judge has put in place a process to do just that. So now I'll turn things over to Chris.
Anthony F. Earley: Yes, Steve, let me start off, and [indiscernible] Can add any additional color to it. I think what we're finding is, now that the other proceedings, the civil cases and the regulatory cases, are winding down, the various prosecutors who have been involved are starting to become more active. We've had a number of meetings with them, providing them with information. As we've said all along, we're fully cooperating with them in providing information. So it's just a matter, I think, of now the timing. Those proceedings are starting to get ripe to make -- have them make a decision as to what they want to do, if anything.
Anthony F. Earley: Well, there are a whole range of approaches that they could take, including a fine, which would be financial. It's hard -- we have no indication whatsoever of if they will seek that or what kind of range they would seek or whether they would look at the CPUC proceeding and say, "The company has paid a significant amount already."
Anthony F. Earley: It's hard to speculate. I mean, what I said before, I think, is true, that the focus has -- seems to be on this affordability issue. Our hope, and we will continue to urge the commission to keep this in mind, is that's the wrong question. And it's not a question that I see used in other regulatory proceedings. The real question is what's appropriate, given the facts of the San Bruno explosion, and also what's necessary to make sure that the company is working on the right thing. I don't think anyone can question we're working on the right things. We've heard that time and again. There's no question that we're spending significant resources on working on the right thing. So I think we just have to get the focus back to the right questions rather than focus on this affordability issue.
Anthony F. Earley: We really can't speculate on that. That's what we will be urging, that the commissioners will take a reasoned view of this. But it's hard to, right now, say where we're going to go. We'll continue to push for focusing on what we think are the right questions.
Anthony F. Earley: Well, these decisions of the CPUC can be appealed to the courts. Obviously, that's not a direction we want to go. We want to get these proceedings done and behind us, which, I think, all of you have expressed the opinion that, that's what you'd like to see. Obviously, the safety valve is -- if the number is too high, if the credit we get for what we spent already is too low, we'd have to look at our ability to deal with it, but that's kind of a last resort. We want to go try and get the decision to where it's something we can live with going forward and focus on the future.
Anthony F. Earley: Yes. We'd have to look at the numbers. And I think one thing we've seen from all the parties is that people have been very creative in terms of how they've actually applied numbers in this proceeding. So we want to go through that and address that appropriately through the proceeding.
Thomas E. Bottorff: This is Tom Bottorff. I'm responsible for regulatory affairs. Commissioners can speak with ALJs, the assigned commissioner can speak with an ALJ on a proceeding, irrespective of whether it's an investigation or a normal regulatory class [ph].
Thomas E. Bottorff: Yes, this is Tom Bottorff again. Normally, this schedule would have all of the submissions concluded by a certain date, and then the judges would have 60 days from the submission of all the documents to issue a proposed order. The commission -- the judge doesn't have to use the full 60 days. So if you look at what's happened with this recent order, where they've asked for more information and the reply comment's due September 23, following those submissions, those documents, we would expect to still have the opportunity to submit our own reply to the staff's last amended reply, the brief proposal. So we probably will conclude the submission of our documents sometime in October, but that, again, depends on a schedule that hasn't been issued. But conceivably, the judges, if they have their decisions in progress, could issue them shortly after the submission of the documents, so you could see one as early as October, but it could be as late as November or December. It just depends on the schedule that they ultimately adopt, and we haven't seen that yet because they're still in the process of requesting additional information.
Thomas E. Bottorff: This is Tom Bottorff again. There is a formal date set aside for a settlement conference. That's August 12 and 13. So we'll have an opportunity at that point to convene with the parties. I should point out, though, that we've already settled with 3 of the parties and continue to engage in discussions to settle specific issues. So we're not necessarily waiting for the conference to resolve them. But right now, with those settlement conversations in place, the ones that are scheduled, that is all part of the schedule that had been set out by the judges when the proceedings were first initiated, and we are on schedule. So there's nothing that's occurred that would suggest there's a significant delay coming. And in fact, just the opposite. We're on schedule in every phase of the proceeding up to this point.
Thomas E. Bottorff: No. Generally what's happened and one of the reasons we did file for a reduction is that it allows us to put the rate into effect sooner, we're hoping as early as October 1. And that would reflect the request as we filed it. So that would include the higher return, and that's one of the reasons we submitted the application at this point -- this earlier time frame.
Thomas E. Bottorff: So normally, we settle these proceedings. So we haven't actually gone to hearing on any of our TO cases as yet. So we would expect to settle it sometime by the middle of next year.
Thomas E. Bottorff: This is Tom Bottorff. We still have our motion pending to reopen the proceeding. That's still undecided. We expect a ruling on that. And in any event, once that decision is issued and once the responses to the recent questions are answered, we still have our opportunity to file a reply to the amended proposal the staff issued on July 16. So those opportunities still exist, and that's why there's some uncertainty in the schedule if the judge has yet to rule on our motion and has yet to decide the new date for us to respond to the staff's July 16 proposal.
Thomas E. Bottorff: This is Tom Bottorff again. What we have pending on the rate issues, the tier reform issue is being addressed in legislature and through a proceeding at the PUC, a general rule-making on how residential rates should be set going forward. They're both in process. The legislation is pending in Sacramento, and the proceeding is still ongoing on how rates should be set for the future, generally, on time of use versus tier reform or some other kind of tier reduction. So we expect a decision on the PUC proceeding by the end of the year. We would also expect to see some action on the legislation before the end of the year as well. Net metering has not been formally introduced in either of those forums. But certainly, the effect -- any effect on the change in rates may have an effect on how net metering is calculated. But there's no formal proceeding as to address changes in the net metering prices.
Thomas E. Bottorff: It's Tom Bottorff. There's no requirement that the judges adopt the $2.25 billion number. That simply seems to be a framework that each of the parties have built their recommendation around. So it still remains to be seen whether the judge adopts that, and if so, what dollars that we've spent are credited against that $2.25 billion number. So we'll just have to wait and see what ultimately comes out in the judge's decision. And with respect to the question about the proposals that are in the record, all of the proposals that have been filed remained in the record. The only one that's really been revised significantly is the staff's recommendation, and that takes the place of what they originally thought.
Thomas E. Bottorff: I don't know to what extent they would have enough information to make a recommendation on that. They certainly have a lot of discretion on how they decide what penalty amount is appropriate, what the basis for the penalty is. So it could be quite different from the proposals that you've seen presented up to this point, but I don't know to what extent they would specifically address the equity issue.
Kent M. Harvey: This is Kent. There was a hearing related to the Oberlin report, and it was clear at the hearing that Oberlin considered all unrecovered costs, not just fines, so including work that we did on our system that was unrecovered.
Kent M. Harvey: I'd say that it's more than hoping for an outcome. It's being aggressive in our filings, and we've made it clear that we think the approach of looking at what we can afford, rather than looking at the substantial work that we've already done and taking that into account, that ought to be what they should be looking at. And remember, these are recommendations of parties and the staff. We don't even have an administrative law judge's decision yet. And then, of course, the commission has to issue a final decision. And we'll be involved, each step of the way, making our argument that the focus ought to be, "Did the company get it? Have we changed our focus? Are we committed to safety, and are we spending money on safety?" rather than, "How much can they afford?" Because we just think that is the absolute wrong focus. I don't know of any proceeding that focuses on that in the regulatory arena.
Kent M. Harvey: And Michael, this is Kent. I'll just add, the rates are subject to refund based on the ultimate outcome from the proceedings.
Kent M. Harvey: This is Kent. I think that term is used to describe the way Oberlin approached it, which was how much equity can be raised in addition to the expected amount of equity needed just to support our normal ongoing capital expenditure program and other needs.
Kent M. Harvey: It's really to address the equity needs associated with the gas pipeline cost and the proceeding as compared to the rest of our equity needs associated with our core business.
Kent M. Harvey: This is Kent Harvey. I would just add, the equity ratio was recently resolved in the cost of capital decision. And that's the proceeding through which the commission determines what's an appropriate capital structure. So I think it's less likely that it would reconsidered in a penalty proceeding.
