Gabriel B. Togneri: Thank you, Lynn, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us on the call. Along with our earnings release and the supplemental tables including the Reg G reconciliations, we've also provided you this morning with PowerPoint slides. Our remarks today will include forward-looking statements based on the assumptions and expectations reflecting information currently available to management. Some of the important factors that could affect our results are provided on Slide 2. We encourage you to review that, as well as the 10-Q report we'll be filing later today and all of the more fulsome discussion of factors in that. Today's speakers are noted on Slide 3, and other members of the team as usual are here to participate in the Q&A that will follow. And with that, I'll hand it over to Tony.
Gabriel B. Togneri: Steve, this is Gabe. And the gas transmission and storage case isn't scheduled until one year later, so that one would be 2015. But that's a much smaller case than the GRC.
Gabriel B. Togneri: This is Gabe. Let me break in at this point. If we have one more question, we'll go ahead and take that, but we are on the hour right now and so let's see if there's one more question.
Anthony F. Earley: Thanks, Kent. So we've talked about a lot on this call, so let me make a run at trying to summarize the key messages. First, our operations are not where they need to be, particularly in light of the intense scrutiny we've experienced after San Bruno. Second, getting them there will require higher expenditures. While it's the right thing to do, it does result in disappointing guidance for 2012. Our spending profile is likely to be similar in 2013 but we are committed to earning our allowed return in 2014. We've outlined the importance of addressing the challenges that we face: resolving our pipeline issues, improving our operational performance, restoring our reputation with customers and regulators. I believe that is the only way to achieve sustainable earnings and dividend growth in our industry, and I can tell you that the whole PG&E team has committed to that sustainable success. So with that, we'll take your questions.
Anthony F. Earley: No, it's too early to really give you details on what that next General Rate Case would look like. I think it's probably a combination of things. There are some things as we said that we're pulling forward, that would be over with, but then in looking at our operations, we'll have to look at going forward what spending is appropriate given the high level of performance that we want to provide.
Anthony F. Earley: I think if you -- and I know you read the NTSB report, and that's certainly highlighted in a couple of areas where we need improvement. And we've taken a top-to-bottom look at the company being very self-critical, and I think that's the approach you need to take. And the other point that I'd make is as you go through an event like San Bruno, the level of scrutiny and the level of expectations increases to an even higher level. So to get ourselves back to having the support of our customers and our regulators, we can't just have average performance, we have got to have an outstanding performance, and that's driving some of the additional spending.
Anthony F. Earley: That's a good question, and obviously, a company this size should have literally hundreds and hundreds of benchmarks you can use. We're still working on what would be good measures to continue to share on an ongoing basis. But we do want to be transparent as we go through this around our performance metrics, but I don't think we're ready yet to say here is exactly what we're going to share.
Anthony F. Earley: Well, as we said in the presentation, 2012, 2013 will probably have a similar spending profile. Our objective is to be back to earning our allowed return in 2014, which would be a combination of finishing some of the spending and also will have gone through a General Rate Case.
Anthony F. Earley: Yes. What we're spending now comes under the existing General Rate Case, which means it's spending that we are not going to seek recovery of, and when we file a General Rate Case, we think we'll be able to justify whatever spending levels that we put in that case. And obviously, as you know, those General Rate Cases are subject to discussion with the commission, but yes, we think we're confident that we've got a good plan in place.
Anthony F. Earley: I think that's probably a good assumption, that there'll be some level that will be in the next General Rate Case request.
Anthony F. Earley: No. I mean, we will continue to review operations. I think we're obviously comfortable enough with those numbers to be able to give 2012 guidance. And I think one of our next steps going forward, both in 2012 and 2013, we'll be looking for opportunities to offset those costs through efficiencies, but we're nowhere near being able to say "Well, here's what we think we can offset."
Anthony F. Earley: Well, a lot of the changes that we've made -- I was very pleased when I got here, things were happening and happening very quickly. I think the biggest organizational change was splitting gas and electric. Those of us who have been at combination companies, and this is my third, understand that you need to have that singular focus on each line of business. Actually as the brand newly minted President of Long Island Lighting Company in 1989, I thought it would be a great efficiency move to try and combine the 2 businesses. I found out very quickly that, that wasn't such a good idea. And I think most people will tell you that getting that singular focus from a very senior person on a line of business means that you get the right resourcing. So, I mean, that was one of the biggest things. There are obviously always small tweaks to organizations, but I think from both a structure and a personnel standpoint, I am now very comfortable that we've got the right elements in place.
Anthony F. Earley: Well, John and we certainly would like to get them wrapped up and behind us as soon as we can, but given the reality of that schedule that was just announced, I think your midyear number is a good time frame.
Anthony F. Earley: Okay. I want to thank all of you for joining us this morning. Thanks for your questions, and we look forward to seeing many of you at the EEI next week. Thanks.
Kent M. Harvey: That's correct. We've already issued $400 million, and we estimate what we need from today through the end of next year, based on all the assumptions I laid out, we estimate roughly in the $600 million range, and the drivers were on that slide that I covered a little while ago.
Kent M. Harvey: Yes. The way to think about it, Greg, I think you've got it right is, if you're in the first quarter and we don't have final approval yet for the Pipeline Safety Enhancement Plan, the expense components obviously we would be showing as an increment to that item impacting comparability. Once we get final approval and if the plan were approved as filed, we would reverse that because we'd be able to show the associated revenues year-to-date when the approval happens.
Kent M. Harvey: That's correct. And the final approval assuming is what we have proposed would tend to offset the accruals during the year.
Kent M. Harvey: Yes. It assumes that the commission makes the decision during 2012 and ultimately allows for recovery of those reasonable going-forward costs that are incremental to what we've currently been spending under past standards.
Kent M. Harvey: Greg, we really haven't provided rate base growth beyond there yet, and I think that gets back to some of the issues that Tony described about thinking through what we're really going to be looking at by the time we get to 2014. So I guess what I'd say is year-over-year this year is in the 5% range, and I just don't know if that's going to be specifically a good indicator of future years at this point or not.
Kent M. Harvey: Yes. I think my suggestion is that you'd assume that roughly half of those earnings on CWIP would be offset by those costs that are below the line.
Kent M. Harvey: Hugh, when we do our forecasting, we have forecasted internally the third-party liability issue and then we also forecast insurance recoveries over time, and I think the reality from a cash perspective is that we tend to accrue the third-party liabilities when they are probable. And so it's a going forward, and often, as has been the case, we accrue before we actually incur the cash. So if you look at our cumulative accrual for third-party liability, we talked about that being over $375 million year-to-date. The cash outlay to date is more in the $80 million to $90 million range. So you have to look at both the cash and the accruals, and in the case of the insurance, again we do try to forecast when we think the claims will be resolved. But that's obviously on a lag because a lot of the litigations still has to proceed.
Kent M. Harvey: I guess the way we're articulating is that we continue believe that a significant amount of our liability claims will be recovered through insurance.
Kent M. Harvey: I guess normally, your models I would assume have had estimated O&M for us for next year that would be consistent with us earning our authorized return, putting aside the items impacting comparability. And what we're articulating here is that we see an increment of about $200 million above the levels you would otherwise estimate for us to earn our authorized return.
Kent M. Harvey: Andy, that's correct. For the charges we've been taking for our unrecovered expenses as well as for any future costs like that, we would issue additional equity in order to maintain our capital structure.
Kent M. Harvey: The insurance process -- our insurance coverage involves a number of carriers that are in a tower, and so we have discussions, frequent discussions we've been having with our insurance providers as we go through the litigation process and are trying to resolve some of the cases. But we do have to continue to advance that process before we resolve claims with a lot of our additional insurance providers, so that's just a process that takes a while.
Kent M. Harvey: Let me just quickly walk you through it. And it is complicated so I want to acknowledge that upfront. But we've tried to lay it out as clearly as we can, given just how complex our situation is. If you look on the Slide 17 that we used for guidance, the earnings from operations there excludes those items impacting comparability. So it excludes the gas pipeline stuff and then it includes any potential additional accrual related to the environmental costs at Hinkley. But what is in the earnings from operations is the incremental $200 million of expenditures that we've been talking about. So that is reflected in that $3.10 to $3.30 range. The gas pipeline items have the 3 components that are shown down at the bottom: the direct costs, where we're estimating between $100 million and $200 million, and in that $100 million and $200 million, those are costs that are outside the scope of the Pipeline Safety Enhancement Plan. So we have assumed that the Pipeline Safety Enhancement Plan is approved as filed during this year and therefore would not, by the end of the year, have an impact on that item impacting comparability. And then we talked about the third-party liability claim guidance just takes you up to the maximum in the range, the upper end of the range that we described is the low guidance range here.
Kent M. Harvey: Jonathan, this is Kent. We do have a higher capital in 2012 as compared to 2011, and that's largely been accommodated by the bonus depreciation treatment where, as you know, we have the benefits of bonus depreciation and the commission has set up a memo account for us to use to do [ph] incremental CapEx. When you look at the increase from '11 to '12, there is a significant amount of that that is on the gas side, including gas distribution. So we are ramping up our expenditures, which will tend to also improve operations. They're just not out of the norm because we do have the bonus depreciation situation in 2012 .
Kent M. Harvey: That's correct. Yes, you won't see the full impact on rate base of the higher CapEx because you also have the increase in deferred taxes from bonus depreciation and those largely offset one another.
Kent M. Harvey: This is Kent. We don't make different assumptions for the high or low. We have an overall scenario with assumptions that we provide for you and then we have a range around it.
Kent M. Harvey: This is Kent, Tom. The reality is our gas business is very much -- on the pipeline system is very much integrated with our distribution system. They're operationally not totally separate nor separable. And yes, we have incurred a lot of costs since the accident obviously, and we're working through all those issues. But from our perspective, our intent is to operate the gas business well and successfully and safely, and it's not to sell the business.
Christopher P. Johns: Yes, this is Chris, and I would agree. Some of it as we said is going to be items that we are accelerating and so those are going to be a 1- to 2-year kind of increase, and then in other areas we are going to be increasing our performance. And you would expect that when you increase your performance that, yes, there may be some costs associated with doing the extra work, but at the same time, we're going to be looking at what best practices are in driving for productivity, driving unit costs to be at lower levels. And so it is a little hard to predict right now where we'll be by 2014, but it will be a combination of doing some of the cost increases to get the performance up to a good level, but at the same time, constantly reevaluating the processes and driving productivity through the organization to put the downward pressure on those costs.
Christopher P. Johns: Yes -- this is Chris. I would say the majority of it is gas transmission and gas distribution. It's a smaller part on the electric and the customer side of it, but most of it is on the gas side of the business.
Christopher P. Johns: Michael, we're not -- the work that we're talking about in the $200 million is not work that was included in the Pipeline Safety Enhancement Plan. This is other ongoing work. So let me just give you a couple of examples. So we're accelerating some of our leak repair process -- cycle process, so it's something we would normally do over a 15- to 18-month period, we're now going to do over a 12-month period of time. Or we had programs on the distribution side of the business that we had to have done by 2016, we're now going to do by 2013. So most of the stuff in the $200 million that we're talking about on the gas side, which is the majority is on the distribution piece, whereas the plan that we filed with the commission is on the transmission side of the business. And so, although there's some of it on transmission, we're not accelerating anything related to the filing that we've made, and so that's still all items that would be included as on schedule.
Christopher P. Johns: Well, the things that we did a couple of years ago is that we basically just resurveyed. We accelerated a 5-year program into about 2 1/2 years. And so at this point, we're taking similar type of actions but just different from that. So we've got a meter protection program so for the safety of meters putting -- making sure that there's protection around -- those around the homes. That was a program that we were originally going to complete by 2016, we're now going to finish that by the end of 2013. We've got some steel services, which you've heard a lot a lot about, maybe the Adelaide pipe, but there's also other types of services, cast iron and steel services that we've had programs on, and we're accelerating the completion of those. So it's several of those kinds of things. And then when you talk about some of the previous questions, there's other things that were related to the findings in the NTSB report. So for instance, there was a lot of focus on our control room, and so there is an instance where we're going to hire more folks to be involved in that program, we're going to have training costs that we're going to have to do. And so those are types of costs that will be incremental and will stay there. We will do some enhancements of scada controls and monitoring so that we'll get some efficiencies out of that, but those are some examples of the costs that we're going to be incurring.
Christopher P. Johns: This is Chris. It's not changing our testing strategy. I mean, basically, this was the pipe that we want to run it up at a very high pressure, and so we had to spike it up there when we do it at about 150% of what we anticipate running it at, and it did have a seam weld that failed. We removed that. We're doing testing on it to get further into what the root cause was, but we replaced it and moved forward on it. Given the amount of testing that we've done, we don't know whether -- we don't ever expect any of these things to occur but we will go and we've sent it away for analysis to make sure that we can learn from it, but we don't have that analysis done yet.
Christopher P. Johns: I mean, all of our testing actually is in what we term highly populated areas, so in this instance it was still a pretty relatively populated area other than the break occurred out in the farmland-type area. But we're -- as we said, we're over 100 miles out of the 150 that we had planned to do and we're on schedule still with the permitting that's associated with those, so I don't anticipate by this event that we're going -- that that's going to change.
