Patricia Poppe: Thank you, Carolyn. Before we take your questions, let me introduce our new report card here on slide 16, against which you'll be able to track our record of differentiated performance. We're showing our results for 2022 and 2023, along with our goals for 2024 and beyond. We believe, we have a differentiated plan and the right team in place to deliver on these objectives. As I said earlier, performance is power, and we have significant operational momentum with a healthy set of catalysts in front of us. The PG&E turnaround is on track. We trust you feel the momentum as we do. We look forward to seeing you at upcoming investor conferences, as well as our investor meeting scheduled for June 12th in New York. With that, Operator, please open the lines for questions.
Patricia Poppe: Yes, thanks for the question, Shar. I'd say our communications with the Commission have been very constructive regarding PacGen. We know that PacGen is a good transaction for customers. California has very long-term clean energy ambitions, and this is a beautiful fleet of clean energy resources that need investment over the coming years. And to be able to share that with an investment partner is good for California's clean energy ambitions and good for customers. And so our extended time with the Commission on these topics have been good. That helps us truly make the case. And frankly, the Commission's had a lot on its plate, and so I can understand why they wanted a little more time. They know this is an important transaction. They want to give it a full look, and our conversations have been very constructive with them regarding that. I'll hand it over to Carolyn and let her discuss about our financing plans, both with and without PacGen, because we know PacGen isn't the only thing. Carolyn referenced an important set of choices that we have. PacGen is one of our choices for financing, but I'll let Carolyn go ahead and take that.
Patricia Poppe: Yes. And Char, just to close out the subject, you asked a very fulsome question, so we gave you a fulsome answer. Just to close it out, we ride the roller coaster. This is what we do. There are ins and outs, ups and downs. We ride that so that we can deliver this consistent earnings growth profile that we've described and we've committed to. We intend and we plan and are very confident that we can stand by our EPS growth guidance through 2028, even with the range of equity assumptions.
Patricia Poppe: Yes. Thanks, Steve, for that question. And we know that this -- obviously, our dividend is low today and the growth rate of our dividend is an area of interest for a lot of people. So I'm glad you asked. Our intent truly is to have a competitive payout ratio. And we intend to show meaningful progress during this 5-year period. And so I'm happy to be able to share more about this 5-year planning horizon. So as we think about it, this catch-up growth rate will be significant, dramatically different from peers, given our starting point. So how quickly we move within these 5 years is obviously driven by our differentiating and differentiated financing choices that Carolyn just described. And so, in this near term, I do think it's important for people to remember that we are prioritizing a healthy balance sheet, affordable investment for customers, our premium EPS growth, and then we will feather in that it would end over time. But it will obviously, as I said, have a dramatically different growth rate from peers given our starting point.
Patricia Poppe: Yes. No, I think a couple of things just in terms of context. I do believe the adjudication of our rate case provides a lot of good visibility and discussion about cash flow, it's importance. So I do think we definitely have better alignment with the commission on subject for us, which is why we would be pursuing a PacGen transaction. I think they value the resources. And they want to make sure, on behalf of the customers of California that it's a good transaction for customers, we believe that it is a great transaction for customers it sets us up to have a partnership overtime to invest in these clean energy resources. We see growing load growth in California. We see need for new generation. This allows us to have a partner in that journey. And we know that, that will be the lowest cost of financing then for customers. And so we stand by the transaction. We know that additional time with the commission only allows us to better communicate and align with them on that.
Patricia Poppe: No. I think that's the way you're thinking. I think that's right the way you're thinking about it. I'll just remind you that there is an additional $5 billion of incremental CapEx that we're looking at financing as well. And we would, again, consider that ensure that we are financing that so that it's accretive to earnings.
Patricia Poppe: Yes. Thanks for the question, Nick. We've been having good conversations with both Moody's and S&P. We remain intently focused on improving the credit quality, and we're laser-focused on achieving investment grade. We continue to make good progress on improving our credit metrics every year, and we're continuing to target mid-teens FFO to debt to 2024. Our 5-year plan shows the significant progress in 2024 and 2025 with sustained high levels of cash generation, as you mentioned, and the rating agency is obviously are looking beyond just the credit metric and beyond just our cash flow. They're also looking at improvements in our risk mitigation as it relates to wildfires, one more season perhaps for S&P. Moody's is laser focused as well on the wildfire mitigation, governance and management and improvement in our credit metrics. I think that's the most important gauge for you to look at when you consider milestones is the rating agencies and their reports themselves. We were very happy to see the recent upgrade and that we're -- we continue to be on positive outlook with both Moody's and S&P. So we're going to continue to execute on our plan, continue to execute on our risk mitigation, continue to execute on our O&M savings and continue to execute on ensuring that we see those improvements in our credit metrics for our rating agencies.
Patricia Poppe: I'd say one of the things that we want to make sure people know is the California context and the California backdrop for the clean energy transition. This, I would say, is going to be a very differentiated part of our story relative to peers. We see the transition here in full swing, and we are a key player in that transition. So we look forward to sharing more about our load growth forecast, what that means, what does electrification really hold for both PG&E, our shareholders, our investors as well as our customers and our hometowns. So we look forward to really giving a better long-term business outlook and of course, further refinement of our financial plan.
Patricia Poppe: Yes. I do think last year was an important proof point for everybody, ourselves included, that it can be done and we can do undergrounding at scale and in an affordable way for customers. Fundamentally changing the health and well-being of the customers who live near those lines. So that's our first point. But remember, the general rate case did reduce our mileage from what we had filed. So this year, we're actually probably going to do about 250 miles of undergrounding in line with the rate case. We will be filing our 10-year undergrounding plan as required by SB 884 and that will then give us a window into -- and hopefully, an approval by the end of 2025, early 2026 that we can see then in 2026 and beyond a 10-year plan for undergrounding as an important part of the climate resilient infrastructure of California. And again, I'll remind you, our undergrounding plan is not a big bet. It's about 8% of our total line miles but it's 8% in the highest risk areas. So it eliminates this choice between reliability and safety for customers. They can have both and they can have that affordably. So we'll be able to make that case very well in our filing and our 10-year filing and show the total long-term net present value benefit to customers of doing that kind of infrastructure in those places. But our capital plan is very fulsome with a variety of capital investments, and it doesn't hinge on the ungrounding plan, though we stand by that important infrastructure again as climate reliant infrastructure for the people in California of the future, not the climate of the past, but the climate that's becoming more and more real, we need to have infrastructure that is up to the challenge.
Patricia Poppe: So the $5 billion to the $8 billion from 2023 to 2024 million is your question. What's driving that? Just making sure I'm...
Patricia Poppe: Yes. Well, primarily, that is our GRC from 2024 to 2024, the additional revenues from there. In addition to that, just remember, we have our 2% savings being compounded. And so we see that. The other key part of 2024 versus 2025 as we see a decrease in litigation as it relates to our wildfire has been part of our puzzle. And then as we -- our outlook on commodity prices, we have lower collateral postings as well. So there's a lot of moving parts, but the primary driver of the increase really is our rate base recovery from our GRC. That is the main part of the story, but there's a lot of other moving parts.
Patricia Poppe: Just the savings from PacGen sale, is that in terms of the benefits from that -- I'm sorry I'm just making sure.
Patricia Poppe: Yes. We do an assessment of all of our leaders and what their maturity is of the adoption and implementation of our 5 basic place, and it's a self-assessment. So the team reviews what's the standard and how are they performing to the standard of these 5 plays. And the point of the 44% score is that, that means that we have lots of room to grow our maturity. And so if you can imagine, delivering 5.5% non-fuel O&M savings, at a maturity level in the 40s, just think of the potential benefit for customers and our processes and our O&M savings over time when we grow that maturity enterprise-wide.
Patricia Poppe: So if the cost of capital trigger does not hold with the implications. It's very minor in terms of the monthly bill rate for the cost of capital adjustment. It was a couple of bucks.
Patricia Poppe: And I would just say in our conversations with S&P, they focus on three main things. I would say, first, it's management and governance post-bankruptcy. So I do believe that's what they're looking at first, and then they want to see additional wildfire performance, which we feel very confident about. And then finally, obviously, the financial metrics. And so, we do -- we're -- we've been on positive outlook with them. They put us on positive outlook at the end of the year. So we look forward to them moving on that sometime in 2024.
Patricia Poppe: There is nothing firm or definitive about that. You're right. Your thoughts are correct, though, that it is in rates and it doesn't have a bearing on our 2024 earnings other than to say that we have planned conservatively for either outcome.
Patricia Poppe: We have a great plan, and it's anchored in our simple, affordable model. We have ample capital demand. And this is the thing that I want to just acknowledge for our customers who are feeling the catch-up in our bills right now. We know that we can deliver this capital infrastructure, which they have been demanding and requesting and asking for us to deliver in an affordable way. So as we look forward, we have a conservative plan. We ride that roller coaster so we can deliver a consistent outcome for investors and better service every single year for customers. And frankly, we look forward to a time in the not-too-distant horizon where we're going to be lowering bills for customers as we do that. The simple affordable model will work here in California. We are in the early days. But as we look forward, we see the capital demand matched by our cost savings, load growth and efficient financing, which allows for affordable bills for customers. That's a formula that can work for a long time forward. It gives us a lot of confidence as we give forecasted EPS growth guidance in the next 5-year plan.
Patricia Poppe: Yes. Well, I can share that just in 2023, we had a 3x increase in data center applications versus the prior four years. So as we look at the 5-year forward load growth forecast, the back end of that forecast will reflect then the additional data center demand. And look, I think we all can agree that the only thing that's happening with data centers is they need more of them. And so part of the deal here is we need to make ourselves available and accessible and show that we can in fact serve that load here in California, which is what we're doing. And we'll look forward to sharing more about that in June.
Patricia Poppe: Thank you, Mandeep [ph]. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I know it was a busy one, and we appreciate your time and attention. We look forward to staying in touch with you. I just want to give a final remark and thank the entire PG&E team for delivering an outstanding 2023 for customers. They deliver for our hometowns. We're serving our planet, and we're leading with love at PG&E, and I couldn't be more proud to stand alongside with the men and women of PG&E to do just that. So feel really great about our turnaround. We know that, that turnaround is on track. Thanks to all those great people here at the company, and we look forward to seeing all of you in the coming months and definitely in June, on June 12 in New York. Thanks so much. Have a safe day.
Carolyn Burke: Thanks, Shar, for the question. Yes, and if you don't mind, I covered a lot of this in the call, but I do recognize it's been a busy morning for many of you. So let me just cover a couple of points. First, we raised and extended our core EPS guidance today. It's 12% in 2023 and at least 10% in 2024, and at least 9% now through 2028. Our refreshed five-year plan includes improvement in our operating cash flows, rising from about $5 billion in 2023 to $11 billion in 2026. And that's providing the resources to grow our capital investment and further improve our cash flow. Three, key point here, our guidance includes no new equity in 2024 with or without PacGen. And then as we look forward beyond 2024, as we said on the call, we have many good financing choices. And they include, close to $2.5 billion of annual retained earnings today, which is rising at our present load level of dividend. We have half of our funding provided from normal utility debt. We talked about substantial levers of prior cost recovery, favorable tax conditions. We are constantly working our working capital improvements. And of course, we have potentially reintroducing an at-the-market or ATM equity program in 2025. We're not giving you all the final mix of that 2025 financing plan today, but one thing that you can count on is that our plan will include choices which are accretive to our guidance.
Carolyn Burke: Well, if I just one thing on it, because I do know, and I just know I'm going to get lots of questions on the ATM. And so I just want to close that. I think it's, I just want to say very clearly to everyone that it's just simply too soon to size the potential ATM. As we've said on this call, we have a number of other good financing choices available to us. And we have other things that we need to consider, which include our growing lien capability and O&M savings. The pace at which we introduce the additional $5 billion of CapEx. And then our own advocacy and timely regulatory outcomes. And of course, the pace of our dividend growth. So just there's a lot there. And I just thought maybe because it's been a busy morning, I want to just restate all of that for you all.
Carolyn Burke: Well, I think what's important is that we stand by our commitment to you that we will find the most efficient financing available to us. And at this point in time, as we look at our stock, it is not the most efficient financing.
Carolyn Burke: The way I would frame it is more that it's -- one, it's really, as I said, just too soon to size a potential ATM in 2025. But we have a lot of good options to consider. And so -- and we're looking, in particular, as you just mentioned, our growing lean capability and those O&M savings. You see -- you saw that we achieved 3% in 2022 and last year, 5.5%. So we're very excited about the success there and think that could be a factor. We talked about the additional $5 billion in new CapEx. We're going to make sure that, that's affordable to bring in to our plan and that we can finance it with one of these -- all of these options. So what's the timing that we introduced that $5 billion of new CapEx? And as you know, we do have a number of in-flight regulatory outcomes that we've been advocating for. And so the timing of those will really depend on how we're thinking about the ATM, a potential ATM in 2025. And of course, as Patti just covered, the timing of our dividend growth, we'll have more clarity on that and as we go into 2025 as well. So all of those are what really will drive a potential size of an ATM.
Carolyn Burke: Yes. We think this is a great transaction for customers, right? It provides customer affordability primarily through financing costs at PacGen as well as because it's improving our balance sheet, we expect to be able to up and we expect to lower financing costs for our customers G&A as well. But as Patti mentioned, we also see significant benefits for customers because these assets are so key to the clean energy goal. And having a partner that is bringing both the resources and the interest and expertise in supporting these future capital growth needs of this very important portfolio, we think that's where it's particularly going to benefit customers. So there are the two things I would point to.
Carolyn Burke: I think it's another season of performance by our team. I think there are some folks, and we've heard this from even in analyst calls that the last two winters have been not significantly in terms of a wildfire season. But we've proven with our numbers when you even adjust for the weather that we are continuing to reduce wildfire risk. And I know Patti has a...
Carolyn Burke: And David, I'll just remind you, we always plan conservatively. And so that's what gives us also lots of confidence.
