Jason P. Wells: It's already factored in, in the guidance that we provided, the impact is really small in 2017 and 2019. So it's really the 2019 period to concentrate on.
Jason P. Wells: We're not giving longer term equity guidance beyond 2016, but what I'll point to is the two main drivers of our equity needs, and that really has been our strong CapEx profile, which we've given you ranges, where you can make your own assumption. The second driver has been our need to finance our unrecovered costs. One of the biggest drivers in 2016 for that unrecovered cost is financing the remainder of the San Bruno Penalty Decision, which will be completed here in 2016. In the past, what we have said is that, and as a quick reminder, we've talked about the fact that our gas transmission right-of-way program will extend into 2017. That was a five-year program that we said will not exceed $500 million and will end in 2017. We've also said that we're not seeking approximately $50 million a year in certain costs as part of the Gas Transmission rate case. So that will extend into 2017. So you'll need to make your assumptions around these sort of unrecovered factors, but that's what I would principally concentrate on, as the drivers for our longer term equity needs.
Jason P. Wells: Yeah. So a couple of questions there as it relates to the DRP, I wouldn't necessarily look to that as a separate source of incremental capital. As we said in the past, our plans around modernizing our electric grid are incorporated in that 2017 through 2019 rate case and are reflected already in the CapEx that we filed. As it relates to the mechanism, something to consider there, that regulatory mechanism, which we call TAMA has really allowed us to spend additional capital previously to offset the extension of bonus. That was really intended to address situations where the extension occurred after a rate case decision, not when it's extended before the decision as it is in this case. So that mechanism isn't necessarily analogous to the situation we have here.
Jason P. Wells: Sure. Thanks, Hugh. Just as a quick reminder, for the year miscellaneous items is at roughly about $0.02. And so what I'll say is miscellaneous items generally have a number of factors both timing and non-timing related. A couple of the things that have driven the Q4 results were higher gas transmission revenues as a result of the colder weather we experienced in the fourth quarter, as well as we experienced some favorable settlements and employee benefit costs during that quarter, which are reflected in those numbers. But again these are really timing items, and over the course of the year they netted out to a small amount.
Jason P. Wells: That's correct. That $0.10 really relates to our operating expenses for which we're not receiving recovery through the GT&S rate case because of the delay in the decision. But the full impact on a quarter basis is roughly $0.15 when you include the lack of return on rate base depreciation, et cetera. As I mentioned, it's a total of roughly $0.60 for the full year, is the full impact of not having the GT&S decision.
Jason P. Wells: $0.15 for the quarter includes both the unrecovered costs, of which that's $0.10 and then $0.05 is roughly the impact of the lack of the rate base return.
Jason P. Wells: I really think it's probably premature to forecast what the decision will look like before we have it in hand. What I will say though is the capital expenditures' forecast for the year that we've included, the $700 million reflects what we filed in that case. And so you'll have to make your own assumptions around where that case will ultimately end up.
Jason P. Wells: The ranges we provided do not reflect any incremental capital from that mechanism we've had in the past. I really think it's important to point out that, that regulatory mechanism which has allowed us to spend that additional capital, when bonus was extended in the past, it was really intended to address the situations where that extension occurred after we received the rate case decision. In this case, bonus was extended before we have a decision, so it's not necessarily applicable in this case.
Jason P. Wells: We've requested the extension of that mechanism as part of our original 2017 GRC filing. But again, it really is intended to address situations where bonus was extended after we received a decision in the case.
Jason P. Wells: I would say, that's a fair assumption. It could be extended, but since bonus has already been extended for five years, I think that's a fair assumption.
Jason P. Wells: What I will point out though in the comment that I made is, the high-end of our ranges reflect what we've currently filed in our rate cases. And so just as a quick reminder over this 2016 through 2019 period, our currently filed rate case for our electric transmission assets is only through 2016. So we'll have to file an annual case for 2017, 2018 and 2019. As well our GT&S case only covers up to 2017. So we will file an additional rate case covering the period of 2018 and 2019. There is an opportunity where we may spend additional capital or request additional capital in those rate cases that are not reflected in these ranges here.
Jason P. Wells: What I'll come back to is, the two main drivers of our equity needs have really been our CapEx program, and so we provided ranges here. You're going to have to make your assumptions about where we fallout in that range, and what that incremental equity will be needed to fund those levels. The other driver of our equity needs, as I mentioned before, is our unrecovered cost. As I mentioned, the majority of the unrecovered costs that are driving our equity needs in 2016 really relate to the financing of the remaining penalties of the San Bruno Penalty Decision. We will complete the financing of that penalty this year in 2016. So you can make your assumption about what those unrecovered costs will be post 2016.
Jason P. Wells: We're constantly focused on affordability of our service, but there is a number of factors that are going to play out over the period of time with which bonus depreciation reverses. So I don't think we can isolate that today as a driver or a concern about our rate levels.
Jason P. Wells: I want to continue to emphasize that TAMA account or that regulatory mechanism that we had to increase our capital expenditures in the past really isn't applicable in this case for the extension of bonus. So what I would really concentrate on is the potential opportunity for additional spending in our transmission rate cases, which we will file over the next couple of years.
Jason P. Wells: Yeah. So I want to clarify that $0.60, that really is sort of the full impact of not having a rate case decision. The placeholder that we put in terms of a driver of our equity needs, there is a number of assumptions that are going to go into that. It includes things like what are the overall level of revenues that are going to be authorized in that case, the timing of the decision, when we will collect those additional revenues. And so we're not providing guidance to this specific factors. I'll leave that up to you. But I wanted to point out that one of the drivers for the reduction in equity needs year-over-year is the fact that we anticipate the GT&S decision this year.
Jason P. Wells: We're not providing those individual factors, but what I would say is, we provided rate base out there. So you have sort of the inputs to calculate it yourself, and in addition, we've got a couple of slides in the back of the deck which highlight the equity needs for the San Bruno Penalty Decision which you can also use to kind of back out sort of the equity needs related to that component of our equity drivers. So the factors are there, but we're not providing specific value.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: Yeah, Dan. I think, there are a couple of things to think about. One is, we don't want this to be a one-off decision. So we want to make sure it's sustainable. Second, as you look at the changes that are going on in the Utility business, we don't want to look backward at what historical payouts have been but we want to try and figure out what our companies – what ranges are companies going to use in the future, and we'll be looking to then get ourselves in a comparable range, so we're trying to figure that out. And then the third thing on timing is, obviously, we still have a lot of things going on, and we want to make sure that we don't make the change at a time that would not be appropriate given all the things that are going on. So I think we are looking at all of those things. I think the principal thing is making sure that our decision is sustainable.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: Well, I think you're right, the payout ratios have come down, I mean years ago when I started this business, 80% was considered where you ought to be, and that obviously has come down. And so we want to try and anticipate where things are going to be and what's appropriate. So we'll be trying to sort that out, and our board has asked for a number of different analyses, but clearly, we want to get ourselves to where we're comparable with some of our fellow utilities that are out there.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: Okay. We'll walk through those and I may hand off some of them for some more detail. The distribution records cases, it's in process, there has been testimony given in the case. So we've got a consultant's report and in a minute I'll let Steve Malnight just comment on exactly where that is. With respect to the criminal case, the trial has been pushed back to the end of March. We continue to believe that there is no basis to conclude that any PG&E employee willfully violated the Pipeline Safety Act, and we are proceeding on that basis. Obviously, when it goes to trial there's going to be negative publicity, but we still firmly believe that we've got a solid case there going forward. And then you had one other case...
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: This is Tony. One other thing on the issue around the Alternative Fines, because it's a criminal case, it has to be proven beyond a reasonable doubt. And I have trouble figuring how there would be any gain shown, in fact, the company sustained huge losses as a result of that. So the suggestion that they're going to be able to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the company had $500 million in gains resulting from San Bruno, it's hard for me to understand.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: Well, they have to prove that first, that's the first step is, that they would have to prove that there was a willful and deliberate violation of the law, that somebody decided, I know what the law is, but I'm just going to violate it anyway and then you don't even get to the alternative gains consideration unless you get that. And then they would have to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the number was the number, whatever number they want to push.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: Let me comment on the settlement. I mean, we're always open to a settlement if someone wants to make an offer. We've made efforts in the past that haven't gone anywhere, but we'd be open to it. But Hyun, why don't you comment on the timing that you think...
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: As Steve Malnight mentioned earlier, Net Energy Metering is not fully resolved. The Commission issued a decision, I mean, what we call Net Energy Metering 2.0, but now in 2019, they're going to take the issue up again. I mean, there is still this issue of cross subsidization. We think there is still work to do to get the rate structure right. So we don't have one group of customers subsidizing another, and we're going to be continuing to work with, not only the Commission, but all of the parties on this. So more to come on Net Energy Metering. And so that's something we're going to be working on. The other part...
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: Yeah, CCAs, I mean, CCAs are – that gives local communities the right to aggregate. Now, they are still PG&E customers. We deliver the energy to the customer. The energy costs are a pass-through, so we don't make money or lose money on CCAs. One of the frustrations that we have is we want to make sure that customers understand what they're getting, when they go to a CCA. We want to make sure that from a cost standpoint and from a clean energy standpoint we are very competitive and we think we are. But in the end, right now, it doesn't have an impact on our bottom line.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: Well, I mean, in California there are always lots of pieces of legislation, and it's hard to handicap which ones are going to make it through the process and which ones aren't. And quite honestly we've kind of stayed out of that issue. I mean, however, the state wants to structure the CPUC, we'll work with it. The bottom-line though from a regulatory standpoint in California we still have really good regulatory structures in place, and there's nothing that leads any of us to believe that the fundamental positive regulatory structures that we have in California is going to change.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: Yeah. I mean, we think from the Utility standpoint – we'll work within whatever regulatory structure, and a lot of the proposals around governance at the CPUC, but no one is proposing we change some of these very positive structures. And the trends that we've had such as going to clean energy, which means we got to modernize and make the grid more flexible, which means we've got a lot of investments which is driving our capital needs.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: We haven't picked up that any of them are demanding we spend more money right now. I mean, and to just reiterate what Jason said, in these later cases that we file, we're going to be evaluating what our needs are, and that will then be the subject of a hearing. But no one's out there saying, that I've heard, has said, yeah, because of bonus depreciation being extended, you guys ought to be spending more money.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: That's a really good question. And over the four-and-a-half years I have been here, the focus has been on really focusing on back to basics, getting the company running well, getting through the regulatory proceedings, things we've talked about on this call. We do think that there are opportunities. I will tell you the affiliate rules here in California make that very difficult. In many states, you can have your experts in various areas spend part of their time, looking outside the Utility, just divvy up their time to make sure that their time is being charged to the right place. Whereas California, it's very difficult to use the expertise you've developed in the Utility to work on things outside the Utility. So you'd have to have a big enough opportunity to say, all right, I'm going to bite the bullet, set up a whole separate organization to pursue these things. But that said, I don't think, a week goes by where one of us on the team doesn't have somebody coming in and having some ideas about how technology can improve this business. We actually look at them, can we incorporate them within the Utility structure and be successful, and help us, they wouldn't help the bottom line necessarily, but it might lower our costs to our customers, which in the long run I think is a very positive thing. So we are looking at those opportunities because we really do believe that we are as far if not farther along than most other Utility incorporating some of these technologies into the grid, I mean, as I said, we've crossed over 30% on renewables now, and as for the 33% requirement by 2020. So we're way ahead of the curve, going to 50% renewables, we have confidence that we can manage 50% renewable. Many of our colleagues in the industry are struggling with how do you handle 10% or 15% renewables on your system. So we've put in place the mechanisms and the technology to do it.
Steven E. Malnight: Hi, this is Steve Malnight, from regulatory affairs. Let me comment quickly on that. I do think there are several components of what we feel the rate structures need to move towards in the future, and time-of-use rates is one of them. So we were pleased to see in the NEM decision that we will be moving solar customers to time-of-use rate. It's not the silver bullet that solves all the problems, and in total that NEM decision we feel didn't really go far enough in addressing the issues that are caused by subsidization that happens with the NEM rate. So we'll continue to look at that decision. The Commission did decide that they will be revisiting it in 2019. And I would just remind you between now and 2019, we have a lot of changes that are happening in base rates in California with collapsing of the tiers, and with the potential to move customers, all customers, to time-of-use rate. So we'll look forward to that conversation in 2019 as well.
Steven E. Malnight: So, on the distribution records OII this is Steve Malnight again. As Tony said, we concluded the hearings in January. I think we had good and successful hearings in that case. So the case is now concluded. I would just highlight a few things, I think it's worth noting that even in SED's testimony they acknowledged that PG&E has made a lot of improvements in our distribution record keeping and commended us for some extensive use of internal and external audits. And we had the opportunity through the hearings to really comment about a number of the industry best practices that we've been implementing including our efforts, our multi-year efforts to consolidate and digitize gas distribution records, providing crews in the field with additional tools, including electronic maps and tablets, and really multiple layers of safety protections in place when we do work in the field. So we thought that getting those things out was a successful conclusion to that case. The next steps, just to highlight for you, next week, we expect parties to file with – they'll be filing – sorry, they'll be filing opening briefs next week including SED's, so we'll see what that says. And I guess just the last reminder is that, we already were fined for the Carmel incident, so we'll see what comes out after that remains.
Steven E. Malnight: Yeah. This is Steve Malnight again. I think you're referring to the PCIA proceeding that occurred last year in our ERRA case. And the Commission set – they finalized the ERRA case in December, and really that sets our rates for this year. They did announce they're going to have a workshop to look at the PCIA methodology going forward. It's a very complex methodology by which we calculate what are the costs that when customers leave, bundled customers have already procured on their behalf. And as a part of the CCA mechanism they retain those costs when they go to CCA service. So we'll have a workshop on that here coming up very shortly, actually, and we'll continue to work through that during the year, but there's not another formal proceeding that's been opened on that.
Hugh D. Wynne: Hi. Thank you for taking the question. Just going into page six and the quarter-over-quarter comparison, the miscellaneous items this year of this quarter of $0.09 are equivalent to almost 20% of the Q4 earnings. Just wondering if you can give us a little more clarity as to what the bigger items are in that, if possible.
Hugh D. Wynne: Great. And then on the item on the right, the $0.10 GT&S cost recovery item, those are basically increased GT&S costs that you've not been able to recover due to the delay in any revenue increase being granted in the case. There's nothing in that number for rate base growth and return on equity associated with your request in the case, right? That is excluded here.
Hugh D. Wynne: Okay. And then Tony, I wonder, if I could just ask you for a quick update on where we stand in the distribution safety records case, what we should be anticipating there, what downside risk there might be, and to the extent that there is any new information that's worth bringing out on the federal indictment or the investigation into the Bush (sic) [Butte] fire, I'd appreciate that as well.
Hugh D. Wynne: Okay. Then just a quick follow up on that. Tony, remind us of the maximum amount of the penalty that the government could now seek on the federal indictment and whether – and if you have any guidance, similar guidance, on the safety distribution records case, I'd appreciate that.
Hyun Park: Yeah, hi, Hugh. So the court issued an order late last year, basically eliminating the loss based Alternative Fines Act allegation. So it could have been up to $1.13 billion, and that fine possibility has now been eliminated. So the other question that's under consideration right now is whether or not the Alternative Fines Act allegation based on gross gains can be admitted. And the court just recently deferred decision on that, and basically said that the court wants to see how the case comes in, and if the company is convicted and if the alternative gains evidence is not going to unduly complicate the trial then the court will bifurcate the trial and consider that at the second phase.
Hyun Park: That's $562 million, so that's what's been deferred. But, you have to also recall that the court dismissed 15 counts, so we're now down to 13 counts, and if you don't have the Alternative Fines Act allegations that come in, and if the government doesn't prevail on that, then each count has a fine of $500,000. So 13 counts would amount to $6.5 million.
Hyun Park: Yeah. So this is Hyun Park again. The court has not decided whether to admit the gross gains evidence. So that's still under consideration. So the trial is scheduled to start on the 22nd of March, and barring any further continuance, the parties have submitted an estimate, and the estimate that's been submitted is that it may take approximately six weeks, four weeks for the prosecution and two weeks for the defense, but that's I think a very rough estimate at this point.
Hyun Park: Yeah. So I gave you the current estimate of how long the trial might take. And then of course it's a question of how long it takes for the jury to deliberate and reach a decision. And I can't tell you how long that will take.
Hyun Park: Well, that's something that we've obviously been pointing out to the court. The requirement is knowing and willful violation of the Pipeline Safety Act regulation, and there is also an obstruction charge as well. And there is a theory out there called collective knowledge, and we believe that's what the government is looking to, but as you know, corporations are entities, and corporations as legal entities don't commit actions, it's the individuals, right? So these are issues that are very much at play and they are before the court right now.
