Anthony F. Earley: Thanks, Kent. Let me just reiterate some of the points from this morning's call. We weren't able to resolve all of the San Bruno issues last year as we had hoped to do, but we have resolved many of them, including the Pipeline Safety Enhancement Plan and much of the third-party liability and I'm pleased with that. Operationally, 2012 was a very productive year for us. We accomplished the work we set out to do and I'm proud of the employees who have been working hard toward our goal of becoming a safer, high-performing company. So challenges remain, our recovery is clearly underway, and our progress will continue in 2013. We have a good team in place, a solid fundamental operating plan and some successes under our belt. We're committed to becoming a high-performing gas and electric utility that our customers, regulators and shareholders deserve. So with that, let me open up the floor for your questions.
Anthony F. Earley: Yes, we received a FERC staff order in our Transmission Owner Case that essentially ordered us to file with a 9.1% return on equity, so obviously something we don't think is adequate to attract capital. We think it's a very narrow way to actually consider what our true cost of equity is and we hope to be able to resolve it through some [indiscernible] discussions or else through the legal process, but that's going to take us a while to actually resolve. So we have assumed the 9.1% return on equity for the electric transmission component of our business in our 2013 guidance.
Anthony F. Earley: Yes. If you look at Slide 13, it really kind of lays out the natural gas matters beyond 2013. And you can see most of those items we would be either completing the expenditures on are pursuing them through our normal pipeline rate case so it really is the right-of-way encroachment that is the multiyear item that we do not intend to pursue recovery of.
Anthony F. Earley: Yes, we made it clear that we are open to settlement. As I've said time and again, we need to get these proceedings behind us. That said, we've got to get the other parties to the same position. Disappointed toward the end of last year, we thought we were getting very close and it became apparent that we weren't as close as we had hoped, but we made it clear to everyone, we're ready to sit down. But what I don't want to do is go into extended settlement discussions and defer resolution of the proceedings. As we saw from the PSEP proceeding, while the result wasn't what we had wanted, it is a result we know where we are, we had the plan approved and we can now move forward and deal with it. So it's almost more important to us to keep the proceedings moving to get them done. But that said, these settlements can occur very quickly if, in fact, we get all the parties agree and that's what we want to do.
Anthony F. Earley: Well, we're clearly playing catch-up in investing in the system, but I think we're starting to see certainty emerge. So for example, Pipeline Safety Enhancement Plan, as we said, went through the proceeding. We had proposed that we recover about 85% of the plan. Some of the interveners in the case said, "No, you ought to recover nothing." We ended up in a 60% range or so, which is less than we want, but it gives us some certainty about what we are going to recover going forward in the future. In terms of what other expectations, one of the things that we've done is we've reviewed -- or in the process of reviewing, every single aspect of our gas business, kind of divided the system into asset classes, so gas transmission, rights of way, gas storage, and we prioritized based upon where we thought the largest risks might be. And we're comfortable that we think we've identified all of the large risks. We're not through all of the asset classes yet, but the ones that we're working through and we want to be through our top to bottom review certainly by the end of 2013. But since they're lower-risk areas, we don't expect numbers to emerge that would be anywhere near what we're seeing from the right-of-way clearance numbers.
Anthony F. Earley: I actually didn't provide a share count for the '13 guidance, but we have indicated that the year-end count was 431 million shares and that our guidance based on the assumptions we've provided is to issue equity of between $1 billion and $1.2 billion during 2013, and that all is based on our current accrual for the fine so if the fine ends up being an incremental amount above that, then you would want to adjust those estimates accordingly.
Anthony F. Earley: No, I would say those are instruments that we are definitely considering in the future. We have a lot of different alternatives, and we're really trying to figure out which ones make the most sense for us given our profile, sort of the timing and nature of our needs. But those are definitely on the radar screen.
Anthony F. Earley: Yes, I think that's right. When you say gas, in that case, what we're talking about is the gas pipeline part of our company. Gas distribution will be addressed in our General Rate Case in 2014.
Anthony F. Earley: Well, that is the biggest item, Travis. There's no doubt about it. I think you can pretty much just get there by taking the rate base amounts, which we have broken up by line of business so you can take electric transmission, for example, and you could go from what was sort of implicitly in our guidance before for last year of 11.35% and take it down to 9.1% from 52% of that rate base. And then you could do the same calculation for the other lines of business going from 11.35% to our new assumption of 10.4% based on the PUC's decision. And I think you'll pretty much land with what we landed with.
Anthony F. Earley: We've been -- if you look over the last several years, we've been issuing long-term debt annually that probably averages about $1 billion and I wouldn't expect a significant difference in that in terms of an order of magnitude change or anything. So somewhere in that very rough range would probably be a reasonable expectation for 2013.
Christopher P. Johns: This is Chris. We have not put out the price for Oakley. It is under a confidentiality agreement and we still have to negotiate some of the pieces of getting the contract completed. But what I can tell you is it's 586 megawatts. It is a modern facility. It is dry cooled and it is in California with all our related regulatory costs that go with that.
Christopher P. Johns: Leslie, we completed the first 3 years of a 5-year program so basically we're not completing the last 2 years and as I said in my prepared remarks, we're just seeing prices that are much better through the contracting process.
Christopher P. Johns: Dan, this is Chris again. Well, what we did is, as I said, we're going to go through a detailed center line project. But that project is going to take us through the end of this year to get completed. And so we wanted to be able to provide some overview of what we think the numbers would be. So we used a lot of our aerial photography capability to look over the lines and then we also used some inputs from testing that we've been doing over the last year, including some pilots that we had in place. And so what we tried to do was estimate based on what we've seen in the past, how many -- how much vegetation is out there around our lines, how many structures might be in and around them and then estimate what those costs would look like in doing that. And so as you can imagine, the large part of that $500 million is construction-type costs and vegetation management-type costs that are associated with that. So we feel like we've done a lot of due diligence around it. Obviously, we'll have to tweak it as we physically get out and walk the line to make sure, but we think we have a pretty good estimate there.
Kent M. Harvey: Dan, I think on the slide, we kind of at least for 2013 show our pipeline spend, broken out in the assumptions page, which was, I think, Slide 6. So you get a sense of our electric transmission CapEx for this year is about $800 million -- excuse me, are you saying electric or gas? I'm sorry.
Kent M. Harvey: Okay. Yes, that slide shows you kind of how much is electric transmission. It shows about $850 million and then you see the gas transmission, which is in the $350 million range. So those are kind of -- then you want to add the PSEP down below, which is $450 million, so there are comparable sizes for those 2 parts of our business.
Kent M. Harvey: Well, it's not exactly the same number in future years, but you'll see overall we are increasing, and those would be some part of those increases.
Kent M. Harvey: Jonathan, this is Kent. In 2014, it's just that the GAAP pipeline profile is what it is. We're spending dollars in a lot of areas that weren't in our last Gas Transmission case. Our intent is, in 2015, to be able to true that up for the items other than the right-of-way work. And so that's really why 2015 is a really important year for us on the Gas Transmission business. The other lines of business, we would be addressing to our General Rate Case in 2014 and then our Transmission Owner Case for electric transmission, which we tend to do just about annually.
Kent M. Harvey: Well, the integrity management, you're right, we have been breaking out as a big, new category where we're spending a lot. But even within the Gas Transmission business, notwithstanding the item impacting comparability, I indicated that of our incremental spend across the utility of $250 million this year and last year, about $50 million of that is the Gas Transmission business. So that piece of the $250 million also wouldn't be trued up until 2015.
Kent M. Harvey: Well, if you look at our 2012 equity issuance, for example, which was $775 million, we did those in sort of 3 fairly equal pieces. So we got about 1/3 of that through our internal programs, our drift on our 401(k). We got about 1/3 of that through our dribble program and then the remaining 1/3, about $250 million, we did through a block transaction early last year. So that's not to put a cap on how much you could do, for example, through the dribble program. That's just how much we did last year. And we're going to continue to evaluate the options that make sense for us given our profile and the timing and so forth in 2013. Obviously, one factor will be when and how the pipeline matters get additionally resolved.
Kent M. Harvey: Yes. Jonathan, I think the key will be we'll probably get up to about $300 million to our internal programs, and we'd want to optimize the rest of our issuance. Undoubtedly, the dribble will be a significant component of that, but we're going to really use the various options that we have in the way that makes the most sense so that we can have issuance that is both efficient and effective.
Kent M. Harvey: Yes, Hugh, we're assuming the 9.1%, which was what we were ordered to refile with the FERC. So that is assumed for 2013.
Kent M. Harvey: Yes, this is Kent. I'll take your second question first and you're interpreting the bullet on Slide 6 correctly. We expect our CapEx to be roughly $1 billion over what was authorized in our last GRC and other proceeding and so during this year, we'll incur the associated financing and depreciation costs on that. And then that's what we would true up in the 2014 General Rate Case, so that's the correct interpretation. Your other question about the natural gas matters is -- you're correct that the right-of-way work is for a long period of time. What we try to do with all the gas matters is give you the full picture of them because every -- all of this really relates to the recovery following the accident at San Bruno. And so what we're trying to do is give you as much transparency as possible so that you can understand what's in there as compared to just have it all blended into our overall GAAP results.
Kent M. Harvey: It does not include the CWIP balance and I've indicated in our guidance that we would expect our below-the-line costs that we normally incur to largely offset our equity AFUDC. So we've not included that on the slide. In terms of what CWIP has usually run for us, I would say over the last few years, it's probably averaged in the $1.5 billion range, something like that. So you could probably use that as a ballpark guesstimate.
Kent M. Harvey: This is Kent. I don't intend to break out earned ROEs that specifically, but I would point you again to Slide 6, which essentially shows you what our authorized returns are. And then in the lower right-hand corner, we have what we label as EPS factors. Those are the key items that will affect our ability to earn the authorized return. So we've been telling you for a while about our incremental spend across the utility and that includes both the gas and the electric parts of our business of $250 million. We just spoke briefly about the impact of higher CapEx for 2013. We talked about the fact that we're expecting our below-the-line costs to essentially offset our CWIP earnings this year. And then we have continued to have a little bit lower gas storage revenues that was -- than was assumed in our gas pipeline case and that's kind of comparable to last year, but it has been a bit of a drag compared to an authorized return. And then the offset to that is that we do assume that we get energy efficiency incentive as we got late last year.
Kent M. Harvey: This is Kent. I think you're thinking about it the right way. We don't really necessarily manage to be at exactly our authorized equity ratio of, say, December 31, 2013, but we do have to manage our capital structure over a period of time such that it averages to that level. So sometimes, we're slightly below. Sometimes, we're slightly above. But the intent of your statement is correct, which is that we try to keep up with our equity needs over time. And I think the way you articulated some of the cost beyond 2013 that we would need to fund with incremental equity sounds appropriate to me.
Kent M. Harvey: We've not provided in our guidance any assumptions about insurance. When we do our internal forecasting and determine some of the ranges of our -- what financing needs we have, we usually try to come up with some assumptions about insurance proceeds, but we're not disclosing what those are baked in to our equity assumptions.
Kent M. Harvey: Yes, we do have flexibility about the timing. Although we do need to maintain our capital structure over time. So we wouldn't want to get too far off on that issue, but we do have some flexibility there and we do intend to issue it in a way that's efficient and to not be -- to have to be rushed to issue equity in a way that wouldn't make sense for our company and our shareholders. So we would try to manage that and I would anticipate if we needed to manage the timing of an issuance that we could do some short-term measures to give us that flexibility such as you describe.
Kent M. Harvey: They do for this most recent bonus depreciation, but the reality of our situation is given the pancaking we've had from last several years of bonus depreciation, even before 2013 bonus was approved, we already were expecting to be in a net operating loss position for 2013. So it's really not going to be providing us any financing benefit incrementally in 2013. And we'll probably see that benefit actually next year just given our current situation.
Kent M. Harvey: Right now, the issue is we had to submit our application with the 9.1%. It has the 8.6% plus the 50 basis point adder for the California ISO and that is based on data that was available when we did the filing. And essentially, we looked at a number of comparable utilities and it is prescriptive in that we're required to use the DCF model, which, of course, is particularly disadvantageous in this current economic environment and we don't think representative of our true cost of equity. So we would have to litigate that and unless the FERC ended up with something that was more reasonable, then we would have to seek legal review of that decision.
Kent M. Harvey: I don't know. I can't follow your logic over the phone. So if you want to follow up with our IR team about your question, maybe we can handle it that way, Ashar.
