Patricia Poppe: Thank you, Carolyn. Our power pyramid is our differentiated path forward built on the foundation of safety with well-understood and well-managed wildfire-related physical and financial risk. Our simple affordable model delivers for customers and investors with room to grow. Ultimately, California's aspiration for an electrified economy at a lower societal cost is our destination and we are well on our way. This is a winning proposition for our customers, for the state of California, and for you, our investors. With that, operator, please open the line for questions.
Patricia Poppe: Well, that's a great question. Obviously undergrounding is top of mind and I'll open by saying we continue to see undergrounding as a critical element of our total layers of protection. It's one of the layers and one of the most important layers in our highest risk, most vegetation dense areas. So we definitely stand by our commitment to underground our highest risk miles. As we work through the application process of our 10-year filing, look, we're still working through with OEIS. In fact, there's a public workshop scheduled for today to continue to look at the necessities related to the filing. And so as we look at the timing of that filing, it's going to be wholly dependent on what those requirements are and what the expectations of OEIS require. So given that, we have 1,230 miles approved in the GRC through 2026. And we intend to, obviously, we're on track this year to meet the mileage requirements. I don't see us filing a different kind of filing between here and the filing of the 10-year plan. And so I don't think there will be incremental mileage added outside of either our next GRC or the undergrounding 10-year plan. Those are two good mechanisms. And given the direction of our regulators, we'll use the appropriate one to file for the next range of miles.
Patricia Poppe: Yes, well, first of all, our hearts go out to the folks near and around Chico, and we pray for their safety and the safety of our firefighters who are out there doing valiant work. Right now, there are no indications of our equipment being involved or contributing at this time, and there are no anomalies detected on our system at the reported time of the fire start. And one of the things, Shar, that I'll share with you that gives me great comfort, and I would hope that it would give investors great comfort, is we know. We can see our situational awareness with our 24/7, 365 Hazard Awareness Center. We're on the job, and we can see, we know what's happening. We can have boots on the ground immediately, and I'm just so thankful for our partnership with CAL FIRE, as well as our own safety crews that I mentioned in our prepared remarks, and our public safety specialists. They give us a level of awareness and understanding that just didn't exist just a handful of years ago, and I'm so thankful for our team being so ready and on the job at all times. I will offer, you mentioned PSPS. You know, here it is July. We haven't done PSPSs in July before, but we did this year. That's our readiness posture. We've done two small ones. The first one was about 2,000 people. Look, these are -- we've sectionalized our system. We've enabled the ability to very targetedly respond to changing conditions and be prepared. I just can't overly emphasize how important it is that that daily readiness should be reinforced for folks. We have a totally differentiated safety posture here in California, and specifically my team here at PG&E is ready and on the job and partnered with CAL FIRE hand in glove.
Patricia Poppe: Thanks, Steve. Yes, so I think what's very important is that, and we've communicated this before, that we do have a framework. We have certain guideposts when we consider financing any new capital. One, it needs to be affordable for customers, and then we define that as being within the 2% to 4% of bill growth that we've talked about over the course of our plan. It must be accretive to EPS. And, again, I'll just remind you that our current financing plan assumes issuance of equity and still meets the 10% growth this year and 9% in ‘25 to ‘28. And, finally, it needs to be helpful to our balance sheet. So those are our goalposts. And when you look at our current financing plan, two key elements that we've maintained. It's balanced, and it provides flexibility. And that flexibility, again, is in the ramp-up of the dividend and then the parent debt pay-down of $2 billion by the end of 2026. So when we think about new capital, we, you know, just think about our current financing plan and using that same approach. We're going to be balanced, and we're going to try to maintain flexibility. And so you can assume, one way to think about this is that you can assume that we're going to follow our authorized regulatory structure at the utility and always find ways to make it as efficient as possible by using the parent debt -- on the parent level. So we'll always be mindful of market conditions. We're very aware of where our stock is trading. And we're going to maintain, as I said, that balance and that flexibility.
Patricia Poppe: Yes. Thanks, Steve. This is an exciting part of our story. And, you know, as we mentioned in New York, and some people may remember this, right now in our plan, we only have a couple hundred megawatts of data center load growth built into our capital plan. So the cluster study that's underway where we're looking at our pipeline of data center demand that we shared in New York, we're going to make sure that any of that we would add in would be incrementally beneficial for customers, both on cost savings for customers, most specifically. We don't want our residential customers subsidizing the big data center load growth. And so this year that study is underway. We have a lot of demand, as we mentioned. And, in fact, by offering up the opportunity to participate in this cluster study, we've gotten much better visibility to what the real forecasted expectations should be. And so when we complete that study, we'll share those results. But, obviously, that's not materializing in terms of load this year because that's the plan for coming years. On the EV front, EVs continue to sell well here. We're up to now 610,000 EVs on the road in California, in fact, in our service area, up from 580 that we reported in New York. So we're tracking at about 25% of new vehicles sold continue to be electric. And given the CARB Regulation, the executive order here in California for banning internal combustion engines by 2035, we are actively benefiting from the transition. And it's interesting because I know I spend time in other parts of the country, and when I'm there, I don't see what I see here in California, which is an active adoption of electric vehicles and the infrastructure being built out to serve them. So we continue to see EV load growth, and that's, again, beneficial, as we shared, to customers from a cost perspective. Both that customer who bought the EV saves about 20% of their household energy costs because the switch from gasoline to electricity is cheaper, as well as all customers benefit because that's the kind of beneficial load that we love the most.
Patricia Poppe: Yes, okay. So first of all, you know, the commission's order to include $2.3 billion of incremental funding is a cap. And so what we do then is we'll make filings that reflect what we actually were completing and up to that cap. So what was really good was that the commission made it clear that if there were incremental demand beyond that cap, which frankly we see, then we can make additional applications. And we'll consider doing that even yet this year to show that when we have real demand that we can serve, we'll file for that and that should give the commission then more visibility into what the actual customer need is. And therefore, that could go above and beyond that $2.3 billion cap.
Patricia Poppe: Yes, because of the moisture that we received early in the year, the fuel levels are very high. So there's a lot of grasses and then it got really hot. So those excessive fuels got very dry. So the fuel moisture levels are very low. And that means that there is a risk of even, a small spark can quickly move. But let me give a shout out to a couple of things. You know, we talked a little bit in our prepared remarks about our layers of protection post-ignition. And this is really important. We talked about this in New York as well. And I think it's probably a part of our layers of protection that are least understood. We have, first of all, visibility to real-time information about an ignition occurring. And so our AI-enabled cameras can directly alert a first responder. In the past, it took some good citizen noticing there was smoke somewhere and calling someone. If you can imagine, that's a very unpredictable response. Our AI cameras now enable very predictable response. Our Hazard Awareness Center is monitoring those cameras. They see it. They confirm that first responders have been notified. And then our safety infrastructure preparedness teams are out there, protection teams are out there, often on the site nearly as quickly as our first responders. We are our own first responders protecting our assets. So then you combine that with CAL FIRE. And there's a couple stats I'd love to share about CAL FIRE that might surprise you. First of all, kudos to California and California policymakers and our governor for continuing to fund the importance of these first responders. So CAL FIRE's budget has tripled since 2015. It was $1 billion. It is now $3 billion annually. And there were no cuts this year, even though there was budget constraints here in the state. Their staffing is up 80%. We have 12,000 CAL FIRE professional firefighters on the job every day, and we couldn't be more grateful for their great work. And then finally, the CAL FIRE aircraft system, it is the largest civil aerial firefighting fleet in the world. We have 60 aircraft that are armed and ready to go. And, in fact, our CAL FIRE aerial fleet can get anywhere that they serve in under 20 minutes when there's sign of trouble. Listen, California's posture is dramatically improved from previous years. This is a statewide effort. PG&E's posture is dramatically changed, but so has the states and our neighborhoods, our communities. And I couldn't be more thankful for the partnerships across the state for all the good work that's happening. So I just want people to understand that when we say California's safety posture is differentiated, we've got lots of evidence to validate that we have the financial protections with AB 1054, but we have massive physical protections that make a catastrophic wildfire very unlikely.
Patricia Poppe: You know, we're actively involved in those discussions, mainly providing, you know, insight and experience. Our lawyers and the federal affairs teams are very engaged across the utilities to understand what are the benefits of AB 1054, how could something be structured like that federally. And I would say there's definitely lots of interest from the western states. I do think it's a long put from some of the other states who are not as affected by wildfire to want to support a national solution. But we keep making the case that this is just another climate resilience infrastructure standard that needs to be established and where some states have risk of hurricanes or tornadoes or flooding. Those states that have risk of wildfire need to have a preparedness plan. And if there's a federal backstop, I think that really helps serve the smaller states that don't have the paying capacity and the volume and scale that California has that can deal with a problem like this.
Patricia Poppe: So, Julian, a couple things. Number one is my honor to lead the people at PG&E. And this has been the greatest challenge of my professional career. And I'm so happy to be part of the team. On the contract front, there's a lot of work to do. I definitely don't think we're done and nor will we be done in a year from now. We'll work through the contract. But what's most important and the thing that I remind my team all the time is that we're building a system. We've got a performance playbook here at PG&E. We're building a bench. We're building a talent machine. So, we don't have to rely on one person that is the linchpin to the whole program. This isn't a charismatic CEO turnaround that when she goes, all of a sudden, the thing falls apart. My job is to build a system that lasts and stands the test of time. And that's what we're up to. And when I go off into the sunset, it's going to be when I know that that performance playbook is solid and my team is equipped and able to execute the continued service to the people of California at the standards that I expect.
Patricia Poppe: And you know what? I'll add a couple of points, Julian, on what it means to add that additional capital. Let's get concrete here on the SB410. First of all, a great recognition that there is such a thing as beneficial load for the people of California. So, our CPC reflected that. We had about $1 billion of energizations in our current plan. So the incremental $1.3 billion is a perfect example of what Carolyn's talking about. In order to fold that additional $1.3 billion into the plan, there's a couple things that have to happen. Number one, we need to plan the work. We need to be ready to do the work. We need to be able to do that work at the lowest cost. We need to see that simple, affordable model actually materialize. We need to see those O&M savings. We need to be able to see efficient financing pathways. And then we can enable that load growth, which is enabled by this very good CPUC directive. So, given that, you'll see in time we'll build out that work plan first and foremost, the most important step. And then we'll figure out how to then get that financing and make sure this is affordable both for the balance sheet and for customers. And this is just another example. I can't tell you how optimistic I am about the regulatory constructs here in California, the enthusiasm we have from policymakers and legislators about the potential prosperity enablement that PG&E has for the state of California. This is a perfect example of how that's coming to fruition in the numbers.
Patricia Poppe: Yes, Carly, and I'll just add it. This is Patty. I'll add a little bit of layering on to that. Because how does this work? How do you make it real? We have a waste elimination as our play five in our lean playbook. We've taught thousands of our co-workers about how to see and identify waste. We then have a weekly operating review where we are reviewing people's ideas, a funnel of ideas, thousands of ideas coming through that funnel to determine which ones have the most viability and how do we convert them from an idea into execution. These are bottoms-up ideas coming from our people all across the organization, because we can see that ratio of capital to O&M. They experience the ratio of capital to O&M of 0.8 to 1 in how we do our work, in how work comes to them, in the waiting that they might experience, in inefficient paper processes that could be automated and digitized. Our people are really getting enthusiastic about our waste elimination targets. In fact, our IT department has a waste can award that they present. We're having a good time with this because making your work easier to do, and I think all of us, every one of us at all of our companies, can imagine doing our work more efficiently in some of the laborious processes and steps we have can be eliminated and work can be more fun. You can do higher value work for a lower cost for customers. That's what we're teaching people how to do and systematically teaching it. As Carolyn said, we have some big ticket items, and those are great. We love those as a kind of a priming of the pump, but what we really love is when all of our co-workers are learning to see waste and eliminate it on a daily basis, and that's the culture of performance that we're shaping here. That's what we want to really communicate here on the call.
Patricia Poppe: Yes, we haven't determined when we would file, but what will drive that is customer demand. And so as we fill out our work plan, now that we have this decision, we're working our work plan for ‘24. We're already building our ‘25 and ‘26 work plan, and where we see we've got deficiencies, where we've got more demand than the decision allows, then that's what we'll file for that incremental funding. What I can tell you is that we see that demand is outstripping that $2.3 billion, which, again, is another signal of the growth here in California, of our potential for growth. We just need to build a work plan so that when we make that filing, we've got the real bottoms-up demand numbers for the commission to make a good decision.
Patricia Poppe: Well, you know, I think, Greg, that Cal Advocates does not yet understand the simple affordable model. This is new for California. This is new for PG&E. And so we will prove out that we can maintain rate increases below the rate of inflation with the simple affordable model. We have all the key components. That's why we're so excited about the amplification of that simple affordable model with more O&M savings, more efficient financing, more load growth. Being able to demonstrate that for our customers is going to take some time. They're going to have to learn to trust that what we say is what we'll do. And so that's just, I just think it's a matter of time. They're forecasting based on previous experience, not based on what we know that we are doing here at PG&E.
Patricia Poppe: So far, Anthony, again, heavily weather dependent, our throughput, but pretty flat, pretty flat. I wouldn't say we've seen notable decrease in throughput as a result of electrification, though we've seen it in targeted locations, where we make a decision, for example, I do think PG&E is uniquely positioned because of our overlapping gas and electric service areas. So we're really well equipped to answer these questions, Anthony. But where we see a specific case, for example, we have a mobile home program where if we were scheduled to replace the service lines for that mobile home, we've determined that per mobile home it's cheaper to electrify those mobile homes than it is to actually change those gas service lines. And so in those cases, we're doing what we call targeted electrification. We're doing some other projects where we want to start to show that electrification is viable for homes and economic. And so that's where we're really working to prove out those theories. And so I see this gas throughput change probably in the latter half of our 10-year plan versus so much here in the first next five years.
Patricia Poppe: Yes, they're similar across the enterprise. And, you know, we can get into some of those details and get you some more of those specifics, Anthony, after the call. But, yeah, they're pretty similar enterprise-wise.
Patricia Poppe: It's predominantly, Ryan, SB410, as well as the OGO approval that we received affected in. Go ahead, Carol.
Patricia Poppe: Yes. Our FPI, we're showing more days in higher risk conditions, for sure. The R3 and above days are up. Yes. And so, and our forecasts are showing because of the fuel moisture levels, until we get, you know, more moisture in the atmosphere, we're going to continue to see those high risk days. But thankfully we are well positioned and continue to have the necessary layers of protection that both predict and prevent as well as respond. And I'm very proud of the team for the progress made.
Patricia Poppe: Yes, typically you're going to get, some of those ideas rolling in the beginning of the year and they materialize in the second half of the year. So that's not unusual. We would expect to see that kind of trend.
Patricia Poppe: No, not at all. You know, in fact, let me just remind you. Last year we did 364 miles. This year's target is 250. We still have our, our same process improvements are in place. We've completed 61 miles through the end of June, but let me clarify what that means. We've energized 61 miles. The civil work for those 250 miles as well underway. And that's all the, that's the heaviest lifting that has to get done and the energization quickly catches up the mileage in the second half of the year. That's a very similar pattern to, to previous years. And we are right on track.
Patricia Poppe: Thanks Brianna. Well, thank you everyone for joining our call. And I just hope you see what we see. Continued progress on a path to differentiated things. Affordable and a growing company. We're delivering for our customers and then in turn for you, our investors. Thanks for tuning in today and please stay safe out there.
Carolyn Burke: Yes, there's a lot there, Julian. Thank you for the question. So, let me just start with in terms of timeline and improving our overall financial health. I'm very pleased with the progress that we've made. You can just look to our credit ratings, and that's sort of proof in the pudding that we've had a number of upgrades recently. We're just one notch below investment grade at Moody's and on positive outlook there, similar with Fitch, and even S&P upgraded us in the last year. So, we have those continued conversations, and we're continuing to see positive momentum there. We're on target for our capital investment this year. We have SB410 right in front of us now, and that's particularly constructive and helpful for our outlook there. We're on target for our O&M savings of at least 2%, and we're on target for our EPS growth. And particularly important, if you look at our operating cash flow, we are on target to increase from $5 billion in 2023 to $8 billion in 2024. So, all of those are very positive signs in terms of and keeping us on track towards our investment grade and improving our balance sheet. When we think about new capital, I mentioned that earlier in terms of bringing it into the plan. I will say our current financing plan, again, we've built it to be balanced and to have flexibility. So, when we think about that parent debt, which we have a commitment to pay down by the end of 2026 in the amount of $2 billion, that remains at this point in time, but there is flexibility there in terms of both the timing and the amount of that pay down. So, that's how we're thinking about it. And so, that provides us flexibility to bring in new capital into the plan. Again, I'll just repeat, is the dividend and the ramp up of that dividend. Right now, as we've communicated, we see it going slower in the front end and then increasing in the back end. But that is our choice as well. And that's what differentiates us is that we have a choice about how we ramp up that dividend to facilitate additional capital.
Carolyn Burke: No, that's exactly right. I think of three years as real proof that, as Patty said, the performance playbook is being executed upon across the company. And as I mentioned in my remarks, we're on target for at least 2% or exceeding the 2% this year. So we're halfway through. We are seeing both smaller initiatives come through with savings and larger initiatives come through with savings. And so I'm very comfortable with where we are at this point in the year, the 2%.
Carolyn Burke: So it is -- the increase that we saw on that, on the authorized, is all SB410. So we had assumed some of the $2.3 billion in our plan, but we hadn't assumed the full $2.3 billion. So the percentage increase is reflected there. We'll just remind you that there are two other things. OGO is on the docket to be approved on August 1st. So that's another $900 billion. And so that would then further secure or push that percentage up higher. And then we've also filed back in March, our gas AMI application, which is another $500 million. That's not on the docket yet, but that's been filed. So we continue to make progress in terms of things that were kicked out of the GRC. We're making those filings and we're seeing those things come to fruition.
