Patti Poppe: Thanks Chris. Every day we are more and more excited about the future we're creating here at PG&E. We can see the difference that's being made and the value to be unlocked. We continue to reduce wildfire risk and we're encouraged by the [Indiscernible] calls are the right solutions on high wind days and our enhanced power lines safety settings are necessary and effective in reducing ignitions and the resulting damage given our current drought conditions. We're focusing our work to make our system safer every day. We're adapting based on what we learned so we can best serve our customers and you, Our investors. We'll deliver on the financials and we will continue to implement the necessary processes to run a high performing utility. Jenny, please open the line for Q&A.
Patti Poppe: And Steve, just to add, acting as a reasonable operator. We look at the fact pattern. We've disclosed much of [Indiscernible] questions. A lot of the information we have is now public through his questions. And in fact pattern is very much [Indiscernible] operator. And with the AB 1054 new prudent standard that is presumed that does gives us a [Indiscernible]
Patti Poppe: Yeah, great question. It's definitely top of mind. We did see some delays, particularly a battery storage. However, we expect to have over 900 megawatts added to the system by the end of this year. And so that's all that's valuable for next year. In total, our plan is to have 40 megawatts by the end of 2023. And we're working hard to get those [Indiscernible] we can make up for the delays that continue to plague the supply chain. I'll also our path forward that I think the state of California is actually doing a good job of looking statewide at who's responsible for procuring what. We've developed a strong working relationship with CAISO. CAISO had some new leadership there and we're working together to make sure that we have the kind of transparency and visibility into what is required by when.  And so lots of I would say positive momentum and working together as a state to make sure we have adequate [Indiscernible] gets very important and we see the potential of distributed resources and clean energy resources in this unique time -- this unique moment in time, generational opportunity to clean the energy resources as we transition and provide more resource adequacy for the state. So I would say very positive signals moving forward.
Patti Poppe: At the end of the day, we continue to say that the fact pattern reinforces, that we are reasonable operator, and will continue to cooperate.
Patti Poppe: Michael, great question. This is -- obviously, top of mind affordability is always very important to us. And there's lots of things that we can do at PG&E to protect customers from bill increase. But just a couple -- just a couple of facts for you. Our average monthly gas fill is at around $50. So a 10% increase in gas prices would increase the bill about 2%. The commodity portion of the bill is about 25% of the bill. The impact is muted, but more importantly, I would say that because we have pipeline access to many gas production basins and we're able to -- that allows us to get the lowest cost gas as it's available and then we use our gas storage to then be able to protect customers from these unusual upticks in price and protect our customers in that way. So that's an important thing.  And I would also say that as gas fuels electric prices, a 50% increase in electric power prices would have less than a 10% increase on our customers' overall bill, so again, because we have limited exposure to natural gas for our customers' electric usage. So I would say of many jurisdictions, our customers are well-positioned given the commodity prices. But more importantly, I would suggest that we -- also with our lean operating system in place to protect customers' bills, making great investments in band-aid replacements for permanent long-term, higher-value capital replacements that serve customers very well and better than deliver for investors. So that's definitely our game plan and our path forward.
Patti Poppe: Well, I think we're seeing cost improvements to bay by Oliver already some of our wells on the visibility that we have with our daily operating review cadence, or experienced executives on a routine annual basis, I suggest those cost savings will materialize and they are materializing now and they won't materialize for years and years and years to come. I will share with you every moment that I spend of there being our operations, which is a lot of moments. I see great opportunities for waste elimination and costs savings for our customers.
Patti Poppe: Steve and we have been actively engaged very early on in the great resilience, the climate adaptation components of much of the infrastructure package and we want to make sure that there were a couple of things that were recognized in each one is making sure that we can have support for our customers on vegetation management, which has a high expense item for us, as well as other grid hardening solutions, micro grids, or even undergrounding, and we see those elements in the package today. Now your guess is as good as mine of what they're actually going to get past, but they continue to be in the revisions that we see coming forward. So we think that's a good sign. We also are very [Indiscernible] Federal forest service.  The U.S. Forest Service has a very important role to play here in California and we're working in partnership with them on fire prevention and fire mitigation efforts, and making sure they have appropriate staffing so that in the event of fires, they're able to adequately respond and so, we're very supportive of additional funding for the U.S. Forest Service. And then ultimately, obviously this clean energy transition. We've been leaders in that PG&E Today, we have an 85% greenhouse gas free generation mix and we're proud of that and we're proud of the leadership position we've shown nationally on that front.  We want to make sure that the infrastructure package continues to reflect early mover versus, if you will, people who have advanced in clean energy early. We want to make sure that the package definitely recognizes that. So we've been working closely with our DC office and EEI and others to make sure that the clean energy components of any of the legislation is favorable.
Patti Poppe: I would say there's lots of reasons why our customers will not be harmed economically by our program. First and foremost, even without federal assistance, your point about the trade-off between OpEx to capital is a key enabler to funding that under-grounding program. We know that the ongoing enhanced vegetation management and [Indiscernible] has a large expense to customers. We $1.4 billion a year on vegetation management, being able to trade off some of that for our capital investments in hardening the system, or even -- so for under-grounding for sure but also for micro grids and other hardening solutions, depending on the circumstances.  That trade-off is very good for customers and we think there's a very -- and we'll start to demonstrate some of that in our longer-term financial plans and our Wildfire Mitigation Plan that you will see at the early part of 2022. We don't think that there's an economic trade-off for customers to safety. We think they can both -- we can both have affordable energy and safe resilient energy and that's our path forward.
Patti Poppe: Yeah. No, your intuition is right on that, Stephen, of course it is. There's -- certainly any support from this package will be good for customers and we've got ample capital to deploy that if we can defray some of the costs to federal support, we're off for it. There's definitely lots to be done out here in California.
Patti Poppe: I would say we are very bullish on that Shire. We have started to have -- we get a global RFI for up construction and engineering firms and we received about 25 responses and we're very elaborate, we're doing face-to-face discussions with 7 of the firms and they're very affirming. It's very exciting, we can't wait to share more details and we will, but I'll just tell you that we feel more convicted than ever that this is an important part of the solution. And I will reiterate that our capital program is very expansive and under-grounding is a portion of it, we do think that it's an important portion of it, but I can tell you, I heard about just one example of a job last week where we're undergrounding as we speak and as we observe the work, we see tremendous opportunity to reduce the cost of doing that work, and when we're at scale.  And so -- and in fact that project was in about the $2.5 million to $2.7 million a mile range. And that's the current active projects that is not what I would describe at scale. We will be at scale and when we are the costs are inherently lower. And so we are very, very bullish. And all of the feedback information and we have to respect the CPUC 's role to affirm that [Indiscernible] we know and what we can see moving forward we're very confident that as people see the numbers and the plan, they'll feel very excited just like we do.
Patti Poppe: Yeah. I guess a couple of things, just to touch on. So the good news is, as you all remember, the Wildfire Mitigation Plan was approved by OEIS. The CPUC ratified that safety certificates, are ratified our plan on April 21st, 2021, and then we'll shortly file for our safety certificate. We do have a required safety meeting on Wednesday, November 10th with the CPUC and OEIS. We look forward to that opportunity to continue to talk about our plans. And so then shortly there after we'll file our 2022 Wildfire safety certificate for OEIS. Now, currently that Wildfire safety certificates that we currently have is in place until the following proceeding happens. So we feel very -- the process is happening as discussed. We think it's a great opportunity to talk more about our under grounding plans in our 2022 Wildfire Mitigation Plan, but we'll file that in February of next year. So no red flags as far as we're concerned, we feel good about how it's progressing.
Patti Poppe: Well, Jeremy, I appreciate you asking the question because it's a good opportunity for us to reiterate that we believe that our safety measures that we've put in place, the investments that we've made, the vegetation management, fee inspections, and the enhanced power lines safety settings combined PSPS, has made our system safer and our customers are safer and therefore our investors are as well as a result. Certainly, we were not disappointed to have a little early rain and rain is forecast today and later this week and that all makes us feel good.  But as we look at our ignition rate, that is the most compelling statistic in my opinion, and I encourage everyone to look closely at it. In the areas where we implemented our EPS, we've had an 80% reduction in ignitions. I attribute that to that measure. I will also say that given the drought conditions that we experienced this year, historic extreme drought, we have fared extraordinarily well, and again, I -- in managing the vegetation and doing those inspections.
Patti Poppe: Well, again, we can be very targeted about this. We know where [Indiscernible] dynamic tool that we can use. This year, we did around 50%. Next year, we could do a 100%, and we -- but it doesn't have to -- it's not like an on-off [Indiscernible] We can be very, very targeted, and we've done some work to really optimize the device settings to shrink the impact. The time to restore now is much closer to what the time to restore what's before we put it in the settings because we've shrunk the impact of each of the disturbances and our patrols have become more [Indiscernible] for our team's response this year has been extraordinary, particularly given the conditions and we know it's an important tool to have in our toolkit.  Long-term, we know the ultimate solution is a hardened system that is designed and built to be resilient to wildfire and that's why our under grounding and all of our other mitigations are a very important path forward. But in the meantime, today, every day, customers on our system are safer because of the measures that we have taken.
Patti Poppe: Yeah, I think it's really continuing to streamline our vegetation management and our hardening plan. I do think that you'll see more of these remote grid applications. There's a lot of circumstances where we have a long radio running through a forest that we could just eliminate and don't even underground it, just equip those people at the end of that line with the distributed energy resource that is both cleaned and resilient to Wildfire and lower costs. And so we do think there's a variety of solutions that you'll see more of in our Wildfire Mitigation Plan for 2022 and beyond.
Patti Poppe: Well, that's what we're excited to share at the beginning of next year, we'll start to show the miles and we're so excited about that's why we're at a very project-by-project basis now and so we can't wait to be able to share with everyone what the ramp-up plans and get the economies of scale with that ramp.
Patti Poppe: We're looking at it could be multiple, it could be one. We're not sure where that's the benefit of having these conversations with these folks will see it defies was a request for information. not a request for proposal, we're really working together to learn what is the best path forward.
Patti Poppe: Yes, thanks Jenny. Hello, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. Our system is safer every day, and we want you to know that. It's both safer for our customers and for you, our investors. We look forward to sharing more details with you and having more conversations with you at EEI next week. It's right around the corner. Be safe, everybody.
Chris Foster: Sure. Good morning, Jonathan. And again this is a reminder for everyone, that trigger mechanism itself would have implied a 60 basis point reduction, which for us is roughly $0.6 of EPS. In terms of the current state of affairs, we'll be filing this next set information next Monday, but it is true, Jonathan, that our position is that the rates are not adjusted, January 1st, 2022 by the ALJs ruling, and so that's the scoping memo, but we do think that was a good development in terms of how the judge is treating that next step.
Chris Foster: At this stage, you may have seen that we have disclosed this quarter actually in inter-Company loan. So I think at this point, we've got the path to make sure that we're really stable be it mid-year 2023.
Chris Foster: Sure, Steve. Good morning. Thanks for the question. I think in its highest level it is -- it's definitely a little bit early in terms of our initial read of this, just given a draft was provided, I believe last Thursday, there's really a couple of things going on. First is that the tax NOLs are derived separately are not impacted by book minimum tax and the proposal really is focused on book and wealth. And then second, as you can imagine, just kind of going forward very traditionally, these costs are considered costs that are part of cost of service and are passed through the customers. So it's a bit early to know exactly how this will play out. And certainly the draft again and DC could change again, but at this stage, I don't see an immediate impact coming through from the [Indiscernible] and the minimum tax.
Chris Foster: Not necessarily, Steve. We've consistently articulated that our focus has been on resolving really prior legacy legal issue that has driven some of the equity needs. And as we disclosed today, we made some progress in particular on the Zalk fire. What I would say is, it is true and we've been signaled pretty clearly here that the -- any additional impact there as it relates specifically to the customer credit trusts would be something that would move into 2020 meaning that first billion payment, right? Would be only occurring after we have completed the securitization itself. So don't see a risk there.
Chris Foster: Sure. Traditionally, what we'll do, Steve, every quarter is we'll consistently update this at this stage. When you look at the totality of structures impacted, what's going on there is you have a mix of a few things. 1. It's the roughly 1400 structures that were damaged or destroyed, 2. There's often good element of commercial area specific affinity, and 3. There are some areas where we have to contemplate the potential for private timber operations, which would have all on top of each other, you get to the point where we get in terms of those private claims recoveries in the charge we disclosed today of $1.15 billion.
Chris Foster: Cheers, Steve. Thanks for those questions. And again, what we did in terms of the material this morning for everyone, is if you go to slide 10, we give a gentle recovery mechanism there. Certainly, AB 1054 and its key protections are there, but there are a few other -- this morning. Thanks for that question, Steve.
Chris Foster: Sure thing. First things first work our way through the claim themselves. It's very early in terms of any kind of claims interface we're having at this stage. And you traditionally had a time period that passes in terms of the first couple of years before the initial statute limitations stage. At that stage, once we've resolved the claims, and as we resolve the claims, we only then would be maybe bringing things forward to the Wildfire Fund Administrator. Really the Wildfire fund to seek potential recovery. Any guide Julien, this could be a few years before we're having that explicit interaction.  And things related to fire suppression costs, other additional acreage impacted in national and state forest land. Those are things we provided in the disclosures certainly today and we'll continue to take a look at and that's just something that every single quarter we consistently [Indiscernible] 1.15, and the recovery sources would be pretty limited in terms of the Wildfire fund impact [Indiscernible] appear you can imagine, it's just that amount over $1 billion, so roughly a 100 [Indiscernible]
Chris Foster: Hi Julien, it's Chris. There's not much more detail we can provide there. They do relate broadly speaking to the Dixie Fire. What I would offer as well is that -- you can imagine, we have an enormous amount of information in the public domain at this stage through -- primarily due to the requests that have come through from Judge Alsup and the federal monitor, so quite a bit of information already out, we've shared certainly what we've seen at this stage and at this point, we'd certainly be compliant with any request from the U.S. Attorney.
Chris Foster: I think -- morning. So I think there's a couple of factors. First we'll be growing into our undergrounding plan a bit. That's the way I would think about it as we start to reduce operating expense and work into that undergrounding plan, it will occur over time, we'll really start to disclose more details there as part of our 2022 Wildfire Mitigation Plan in February. We haven't guided toward 2022 equity needs at this stage specifically, but we would intend to do so again at Q4 and provide more color at that stage. I wouldn't necessarily just often consider, though what I'm getting at here, undergrounding or for that matter [Indiscernible] driving of an immediate equity need, there's going to be something we're really growing into this plan over time.
Chris Foster: Hi, Ryan it's Chris, you can imagine, we don't disclose at that level of commercial decision-making for us, but I would just offer again to reiterate what Patti mentioned is, when you combine the gas storage, we've got, when you combine the availability from the basins that we have, you combine the hedging to limit volatility. And the fact that we have costs trued up annually, it really is combined a really good solution for customers and clarity for investors.
Chris Foster: I wouldn't think about that, Ryan, as netting a hedging impact. I would think about that just as a basic rule of thumb.
Chris Foster: And just that -- I think right for us, it's exciting scale it's natural to have a couple of large providers that you can create good, good competitive tension in there to get the best outcome possible for customers. We're definitely excited about what we're seeing so far. To entrants and we're winning in that list down to some really good potential partners.
