Christopher P. Johns: Thanks, Tony; and good morning, everyone. I'll begin my remarks with an update on our operations and then touch on some additional regulatory developments from the quarter. Starting with gas operations. On Slide 4, you can see that we continued to execute unparalleled levels of work on our gas pipelines as we enhance the safety and integrity of our system. In May, our gas business received 2 international certifications: Publicly Available Specification or PAS-55 and International Organization for Standardization ISO-55001 for best-in-class operations standards. We're the only gas company in the United States and 1 of a very few worldwide to hold both of these prestigious certifications from Lloyd's Register, who is an independent auditor. These certifications provide important external validation of the safety culture and the asset management strategy and standards that our gas team has been working so hard to implement. Now this doesn't mean that we do everything perfectly, but it shows we've made tremendous strides and are focused on the right work. Another item I want to mention is our program to remediate encroachments in our gas pipeline rights-of-way. We had previously intended to provide an updated cost estimate for the program around midyear. However, earlier this year, we encountered concerns in some of the Bay Area communities about our planned vegetation management remediation activities. We've taken some extra time to work through these issues, and we have reached several agreements with the affected communities that will allow us to resume our work in ways that address community concerns and enable us to ensure the safety of our pipelines. As a result of this effort, we've remediated fewer encroachments than we had planned at this point in the year and are not yet in a position to refine our overall cost estimate. However, we continue to believe that we will not exceed our original $500 million estimate and that we'll still complete this program by the end of 2017. One more operational item worthy of note. Our Energy Supply Team recently received external validation of the work they've been doing to keep our nuclear plant operating safely. Last year, inspectors from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission spent more than 7,500 hours conducting detailed inspections on our Diablo Canyon nuclear power plant. And at a meeting in May, the NRC announced the results of its assessment, which found Diablo Canyon to be among the highest performing plants in the nation in 2013. We're obviously proud of this result. It's a great achievement. Shifting to regulatory matters. During the quarter, we received approval that the revenue requirement in our Gas Transmission & Storage Rate Case will be retroactive to January 1, 2015, even though the final decision will come later, and it's currently scheduled for March. Given the significance of this case, retroactive treatment was a very important issue in the proceeding. Next. Just this month, we announced that we reached a settlement on our Pipeline Safety Enhancement Plan update filing. You'll recall that we filed the PSEP update application in the fall of 2013 after we finished validating the maximum allowable operating pressure of all 6,700 miles of our gas transmission pipelines. Other parties to the proceeding proposed significant disallowances to that update. The PSEP update settlement resulted in a $23 million reduction in the amounts we may recover from our customers. Although this represents an increase in the shareholder funding to complete the PSEP work, we still expect the item impacting comparability for natural gas matters to fall within the range of $250 million to $450 million that we provided for this year. And by settling the case, we eliminate the uncertainty and can focus our full efforts on the gas transmission and storage rate case. Finally, in electric transmission, on July 15, we filed a settlement with FERC for our Transmission Owner 15 Rate Case. This is a black-box settlement without a specific finding regarding authorized ROE. The settlement resulted in an increase in the revenue requirement of about $22 million above the previous rates. And we continue to target earning a return on our electric transmission business that's comparable to the amounts authorized by the CPUC for other parts of our business. And yesterday, we filed our next electric transmission rate case, TO16, with FERC. We're requesting an ROE of 11.26%, along with an increased revenue requirement in that case. And with that, I'll turn it over to Kent.
Christopher P. Johns: Greg, this is Chris. Right now, what the next steps in the timeline are is that barring any kind of ruling otherwise from the ALJs the parties will all file responses within about 15 days or by August 12. And then following that, it's really up to the ALJs or the commission, and they could rule or issue a schedule for briefings and hearings if necessary. So there's not a firm schedule until they decide what that would look like. Right now, nobody's asked for -- obviously a delay in the PODs, and so it's hard to speculate as to what impact it might or might not have. But we still believe that the commission will move forward with the proposed decisions as quickly as possible.
Christopher P. Johns: Well, there's not necessarily an absolute link other than they are part -- they were filed as part of this process, and the ALJs and the Commission have some discretion as to they could rule on this before they do the proposed decisions; they could include them in the proposed decisions, and they potentially could keep them separate.
Christopher P. Johns: Yes, Julien, this is Chris. In the last -- this last year has been third driest hydro season in the last 119 years. And so what we've seen is an increase in the need to use the marketplace to obtain power for our customers during parts of the season. We still have enough hydro to really hit at the extreme parts and use that to offset costs. But what that has resulted in, in conjunction also with some of the rising gas prices is, is that we're seeing higher costs for electricity here. And so, obviously, that will have an upward pressure on our rates with our customers either later this year or into next year. Depending on timing, we may just put it in as part of our next year annual true-up if it doesn't get too high.
Christopher P. Johns: We're, obviously, always concerned about our customers' rates and any impact on it, but we have this in the General Rate Case. And all of that we're trying to consider together, what that looks like to our customers.
Christopher P. Johns: Yes, this is Chris. On the electric side, we are in the midst of a sixth straight year of record-setting reliability for PG&E. We continue to make the appropriate investments, and we're seeing great results in terms of reducing the number of outages and then the duration of those outages. And then on the gas side, we continue to do unparalleled work. We're testing more pipes, replacing more pipe, putting in more valves, validating the maximum allowable operating procedure than anybody in the country right now, and that continues to move along very well. We do our periodic updates of our PSEP program, and we're on schedule. There's a couple of projects, smaller ones, that may still slip into 2015. But otherwise, we're comfortable that we're on track.
Christopher P. Johns: Yes, as we move forward, we don't see ourselves investing in any renewables in any time in the future. But they will still come online, and we'll do most of that through contracting. I think as you look down the road and you look where the industry is headed, obviously, we need to continue to modernize our infrastructure both on the transmission side and on the distributor side for electric and making sure that we're able to accommodate all the new rooftop solar panels, the storage that's going to come online at some point, electric vehicles. And all of those things continue to provide us with opportunities to upgrade and modernize the system. And so although we have not given any guidance as to what our CapEx looks like beyond this year and what you've seen in the proposals for our GT&S case and our GRC, we know that we're got an older infrastructure and it needs upgraded, and we'll continue to do that so that we can make sure our customers can handle their energy needs in the way they'd like.
Kent M. Harvey: Greg, this is Kent. I'm going to answer that question as follows. The disposition that we did in this past quarter represents roughly 1/3 of our total holdings, so we will have additional dispositions in future periods.
Kent M. Harvey: Yes, Greg, if you go back to Slide 7, this is really where I talked about this, and it's the lower right-hand part of this slide, and it was these other factors that affect our earnings from operations. And previously we had provided the indication that when you look at all these other factors, the underearning in our gas transmission and storage business but also other factors like energy efficiency revenues that we expect to receive, when you look at all of that, we've said it -- we expected it for this year to have roughly a negative $0.10 impact on earnings from operations in 2014. And what I said earlier today is that in light of the fact that we are experiencing higher gas transmission revenues just given the really dry hydro conditions in the state and the fact that a lot of the gas-fired generators are being -- are experiencing higher demand than was previously expected and the fact that we're monetizing some shares in SolarCity, those are a few of the factors that we hope will allow us to offset that negative $0.10 for 2014.
Kent M. Harvey: Well, Greg, our objective next year is when we hope to resolve the Gas Transmission & Storage Rate Case and -- therefore, our objective is to earn our authorized return next year at the gas transmission business going forward on an operating basis. So that's what we expect will be different in future periods.
Kent M. Harvey: Julien, this is Kent. A couple of hundred million dollars range for our equity needs we think is kind of a reasonable range to have even halfway through the year. So the fact that we got the proposed decision in the General Rate Case, it provided some additional improvement in depreciation rate but certainly not our full request, and our original range assumed no increase in the depreciation rate. So there's a slight positive from that. But another underlying assumption behind our original range of $800 million to $1 billion for equity needs was also that we get a timely resolution of the General Rate Case, and, obviously, it's dragged on longer than we had anticipated. And so it actually has not been reflected in our rates yet. So as a result, from a cash flow perspective, that's been a slight negative. And so those, I would say, are somewhat offsetting, and that's one of the reasons why we're very comfortable still with our $800 million to $1 billion range.
Kent M. Harvey: Well, we do believe that the policy at the FERC is in transition. And I think in the New England case, the decision indicates that mechanically applying the DCF model has some shortcomings and that you do need to consider, for example, anomalies in the market and that the ultimate result should be reasonable. So based on that, we're hopeful that we can expect a little bit more flexibility than we've seen in the past. But it's still early on.
Kent M. Harvey: I'd just say in terms of the SolarCity monetization it was worth a few cents during the quarter, and I think -- the gas transmission revenue is more of a gradual thing during the year.
Kent M. Harvey: Jonathan, this is Kent. I mentioned that the disposition we did in this past quarter was roughly about 1/3 of our overall holdings. And so in terms of -- there are additional shares SolarCity stock. But other than that, no, I don't see anything comparable in terms of our holdings at the corporation.
Kent M. Harvey: Michael, this is Kent. In terms of the General Rate Case, Tony indicated based on the proposed decision we are -- assuming it is approved in the final form, we do intend to earn our authorized return overall for those lines of business. So I don't think there's anything significant in the General Rate Case portion of our business where there's any significant unrecovery. I mentioned there's a small piece of our capital true-up for 2013. It's probably a couple of hundred million dollars that isn't reflected in the proposed decision rate base for 2014, so that's capital from before this year. But we did have a significant true-up request in that case, and the large majority of it is reflected in the proposed decision. In terms of the Gas Transmission & Storage Case, there's really just a few items that going in we did not seek recovery. Of course, the most significant one is our rights-of-way program that Chris talked about earlier on the call, and we expect that to continue through 2017, so we have a few more years of that. There's only 2 other smaller items that we didn't seek recovery of, much smaller in scale. And we said together, they're roughly $50 million a year for the 3-year GT&S rate case period. One has to do with pressure testing on newer pipe, and the other one has to do with a portion of our corrosion work, which we believe was more remedial in nature. So those are really the items I think that address your question.
Kent M. Harvey: It's the latter. In other words, roughly $50 million a year on average during the 3-year period is the pressure testing and the corrosion work. The rights-of-way work, as you know, is a 5-year program, and we believe that it will come in at or less than $500 million. So I would say really simplistically you could assume on average roughly $100 million a year.
Kent M. Harvey: Well, I'll give you a kind of all the kind of insurance numbers across the board so you can kind of understand it. In terms of our accrual, we've accrued $565 million. In terms of the actual cash outlay we've made, it's a little over $530 million, so the vast majority has actually been paid out in cash. We have incurred legal expenses related to third-party claims, which is also recoverable from insurance, which totals $88 million. And our recoveries to date on insurance are $354 million, I think, is the number. So there's still a couple hundred million dollars just in terms of getting up to our accrual, and then there's also $88 million in legal expenses incurred to date.
Kent M. Harvey: Yes. They give the cap as currently at 5%. We don't anticipate it being surpassed before 2016. There's some uncertainty about when it could occur, but our guess is 2016 to 2017.
Kent M. Harvey: That one's going to depend on the price and stuff like that. So I'll just tell you the average shares in Q2 were 469 million.
Kent M. Harvey: Well, I only have the Q1 average, which was 460 million in Q1. That was the average share count. I don't have the end of the quarter.
Anthony F. Earley: Yes, that's correct, Steve. Anything we'd say will be speculation. But as I said, the record has been closed now for 10 months, and we certainly are hoping to get a decision sometime in the near future.
Anthony F. Earley: Well, it's a whole range of strategies. One is more accurate forecasting. So we've been developing models that give us a better idea of what to expect day-to-day. We're also working with a number of the suppliers. We conduct a periodic bidding process to get new renewables as we gradually work our way up to 33%. And more and more, we are trying to incorporate in those contracts the ability to curtail production when we don't need it so we can manage the matching of the demand with the available electricity.
Anthony F. Earley: Yes, let me start. I think we are in good shape under 111(d). We are still though trying to sort out how it will impact the California Cap and Trade regime. It's been working successfully. And that's an issue we've been talking to the California Air Resources Board, working with EPA. But by and large, our take on that is that PG&E is in very good shape given our current mix of generation. Not only do we have over half of our generation now is -- on nonemitting sources, when you include Diablo Canyon and our large hydro plants plus the renewables that qualify under the California program, that's going to go to 65% by 2020. And our own utility-owned generation are almost brand-new combined-cycle plants that have been built in the last 4 or 5 years, so they're pretty much state-of-the-art, so we feel like we're in good shape. But, obviously, we've got to get understandings of how all these things are going to integrate, and it's really too early to tell.
Anthony F. Earley: Yes, let me comment on it. This is Tony. Of course, we've only seen the superseding indictment here a day or so. If you'll recall the original indictment, the 12 counts amounted to $6 million, so we've just got this larger amount that we have to look at. We still believe, as Hyun said, the new indictment doesn't really allege any new facts. And in the past, he said we've looked at this, and we've admitted in other proceedings that the company may have been negligent, and in fact, that's how we settled all of the civil cases. But there's no evidence that we've seen that somebody willfully and knowingly violated the Pipeline Safety Act. So first of all, it's difficult to admit to something you just have no evidence that would support that. Second, there's a difference between how a conviction -- so a conviction in federal court has a different standard. And if we admitted that we have willfully and knowingly violated that Pipeline Safety Act, and that could have had consequences in the ongoing proceedings that we have. So given those facts, we've decided that we just can't see that we should admit to violations of those proceedings -- of those acts.
Anthony F. Earley: Well, I think that's a new one for -- we've not heard that Mexico's going to join that imbalanced market. So I can't answer the question about impacts.
Anthony F. Earley: Well, there have been questions of so what do we do next after we get to 2020. It also gets wrapped up in what happens with the 111 (d) things that EPA is working on. And here in California, I mean, we've had some discussions among the utilities and some of the State folks around clean energy standards rather than renewable energy standards, but it's all still in a formative status of discussion right now.
Thomas E. Bottorff: This is Tom Bottorff. The forecasts that we filed recently in regulatory proceedings suggest an increase of about 0.3% per year going forward for several years. That could, obviously, change in future years as we learn more about the deployment of DICHI [ph] and other technologies, but that's the weather-normalized forecast for foreseeable future.
Thomas E. Bottorff: Yes, this is Tom Bottorff. The commission did issue a proceeding this month that would launch a new rule-making to look at how the net metering tier should be revised, and they have a timeline for resolving that by the end of 2015, so -- and it would become effective in the middle of 2017. So that proceeding has been launched. They have opportunities to comment that are due in the middle of August, but there really isn't a decision anticipated until probably the latter part of 2015.
Thomas E. Bottorff: Yes, this is Tom Bottorff. This practice is generally fairly common in these kinds of proceedings, but you do have to initiate a request with each proceeding, so it's not automatic, but we've gotten similar treatment in our General Rate Cases. We requested it in this TTF [ph] case and received it. So my expectation -- should it be our expectation that decisions will be delayed in the future, we will make a request to continue to ensure that they're retroactive to the date that we requested.
Hyun Park: So this is Hyun Park, General Counsel. The timeframe, I think, is it could take 1 or 2 or more years, but the schedule just has not been set yet. And in terms of settlement possibilities, I would say at this point there have been no settlement discussions. But, obviously, as Chris mentioned earlier, we're always open to receive [ph] offers.
Hyun Park: Yes, so I don't think it's completely uncommon for prosecutors to commend and occasionally file a superseding indictment. But as we see the superseding indictment, we don't think that any new facts have emerged. I mean it looks like it's more or less pretty much the same types of issues. There are 28 counts that are now in the indictment, and one relates to the obstruction charge that Tony described earlier. And there are 27 other counts, and they all relate to the same type of issues that were in the original indictment. There's a new code section that's referenced that relates to pressure testing records, but it looks like it's more of the same type of issues.
Hyun Park: So as I said in --at I think, the last earnings call, to get to the alternative fine, there are a number of hurdles that the prosecutors have to overcome. They have to prove the criminal act beyond a reasonable doubt, and then they have to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that, that criminal conduct caused the loss or the gain; and then, they also have to prove the amount of the loss or the gain beyond a reasonable doubt. They also have to try to prove that the alternative fine would not unduly complicate or prolong the sentencing process. And we're just not aware of any situation where an alternative fine was based on the amounts paid to settle personal injury fees. So I think it just remains to be seen how the prosecutors are going to try to demonstrate the link of the $281 million in gain or the $565 million that they have referenced in their indictment. And the $281 million, I just don't know where they came up with that.
