Geisha J. Williams: Thank you, Jason. I know we've gone through a lot of information this morning. And before we go to questions, I want to briefly emphasize a few important points. I want to say again, regardless of the cause of the fires, we at PG&E are committed to supporting our customers and the communities we serve as they rebuild and recover. We've recognized it as a privilege to serve them, and we will be here for them for the long haul. On the topic of liability, as we've said, it's premature to discuss any potential liability for the recent wildfires given that there has been no determination of the causes of any of the fires. However, it's clear that liability is a matter of important public policy, and California's inverse condemnation policy makes it an outlier on this issue. That represents a risk for the state and for all Californians as well as for the state's energy providers at a time when the state is increasing its investment in a bold, clean energy future. We need constructive solutions, and we're prepared to engage in that discussion with policy makers at the appropriate time. Now, as we look ahead, we continue to focus on the areas we've discussed on our recent call. First, operational excellence with safety is our top priority. On that note, I'm very pleased that the Institute of Nuclear Power Operators has validated our progress and praised our safety and operational performance at Diablo Canyon. Second, delivering a positive customer experience to ensure that we are the provider of choice for our customers. Despite a record-setting year of emergencies and severe weather, our customer satisfaction results show continued progress. And finally, positioning the company for long-term success. We continue to see a future defined by a much more complex grid that enables the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions consistent with the safe energy goals and is more resilient to extreme weather conditions, and PG&E is going to continue to play a vital role. To that end, over the last several years, five years, we've invested roughly $15 billion in our grid to develop a more flexible and resilient energy network, and our investments of around $6 billion in our electric grid over the next two years will continue to make that future a reality. And you have our commitment that we will remain focused on the fundamentals of our business as we go forward. With that, let's go to your questions.
Geisha J. Williams: Yeah. Jonathan, this is Geisha. We don't believe negligence is applicable as it relates to inverse condemnation, and negligence is something that ultimately is going to be decided by a jury. It's complicated, it's not a bright line. And so when we think about inverse condemnation in the state of California, we believe that strict liability without the commensurate cost recovery would not be consistent with the underlying theory of inverse condemnation.
Geisha J. Williams: Well, Stephen, this Geisha. Let me go ahead and get started. So we don't believe that inverse condemnation is an appropriate doctrine, and we certainly don't believe that it is appropriately applied to investor-owned utilities. Whether and how inverse condemnation is decided to be applied is really up to, I believe, a court. We would challenge its application if, in fact, it were to be determined that our facilities were among the causes of these fires. We would challenge it to the extent that – and, again, if we were to not be successful in having inverse condemnation not be applied, then we would expect that the CPUC would take action that's consistent, really, with the underlying purpose of the doctrine, which is, of course, that our costs over and above insurance coverage should be shared by all customers.
Geisha J. Williams: Well, I appreciate that question. As I think on it, as I look at this, in my mind, there's no question that we're seeing the impacts of climate change, and you're seeing what's happening in the Caribbean with these horrible hurricanes in Florida, in Texas with the incredible flooding, and now here with this truly extraordinary event that we experienced in Northern California. So as we take a step back and do everything we can to combat climate change, we also need to be taking actions to look at how do we make our infrastructure, how do we make society overall as resilient to the effects of climate change as possible. And we think, clearly, there's a role for the state to play in that, and we would welcome an opportunity to participate in a broader, more comprehensive discussion about the actions that all of us, all of us need to take to be able to better withstand the ravages of climate change.
Geisha J. Williams: Well, when I think about California and our leadership position on all things climate change, I think it's a natural progression. I certainly don't want to speak for anyone in the government, but I welcome the opportunity to be at the table and have an ability to talk about it from our point of view. Again, we've been such a leader for years, for decades, really, in looking at what we can do to really improve the quality of life for our communities, reduce the impact of climate change that I think, again, it's really a natural progression to start looking at adaptation as well as resilient strategies.
Geisha J. Williams: That's a good question, Steve. I mean, clearly, this issue of liability is such a public policy. It's a significant California issue and there's no question that the decision in the San Diego Gas & Electric case will be very telling, and so not sure what the CPUC is thinking about at this point. We do know that they've delayed the taking action on it. I think that they're trying to be thoughtful and deliberate in understanding the ramifications of whatever decision that they ultimately end up making. But this issue of liability again in California, a state that has a history of extreme weather, extreme wildfires, so that case is one that has to be dealt affirmatively in the future. So we welcome an opportunity to be able to discuss it and, again, talk about constructive solutions that will be in the benefit of both state and as many customers.
Geisha J. Williams: Well first of all, I mean, I think you've jumped ahead and assumed that we have liability, so that's why we're uncomfortable talking about really, what's in essence, a hypothetical situation here. Inverse condemnation is very clear about its strict liability but also providing the commensurate cost recovery from all the customers that have benefited, if you will, from the services. So it's a question for the juries at the end of the day to determine what the company will be liable for versus shareholders or anyone else for that matter. But it is so very, very early in this whole process to be able to provide you any kind of confidence one way or the other.
Geisha J. Williams: Well as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we are doing extensive fact-finding given the lawsuits that have been presented before us, and so we're gathering data.
Geisha J. Williams: Hi. This is Geisha. I just don't think it's constructive at this point to be speculating about what we might do if this happened or the other thing happened and kind of talk about legal strategies for things that haven't occurred yet. So, I'd just rather not comment on that.
Geisha J. Williams: So, we don't have a tremendous amount of experience at this but our latest experience, I would say, was the Butte fire case. In that particular case, if you recall, the Butte fire actually occurred in September of 2015 and we received the Cal Fire report in April the following year. So, it took seven months. And if you think about that fire, while it was a terrible fire and very expansive, it was one fire. In this particular case, you have a series of fires all erupting over a several-day period. And so I think the complexity of this particular investigation is much higher. So, having said that, how long will it take? I don't know. When you look at the 2007 wildfires that occurred in Southern California, there were multiple fires and my understanding is that they issued multiple findings associated with those particular fires. And, again, that took some time. So, I think we're going to have to be patient. What I've read is the same things that you've read in the press, that they're intent on being thorough, on being accurate, and I think that they need the time to be able to get to what actually happened, what caused it, what were the different causes of the various fires. I think it's highly complex.
Geisha J. Williams: Yeah. I can't comment on that. I've obviously read cover-to-cover the Butte fire repot, but I'm not an expert on what the San Diego Gas & Electric report looks like. So I can't give you that comparison – the compare-and-contrast sort of answer that I think you're looking for.
Geisha J. Williams: Julien, I think, again, it's really premature to be thinking about actions we might take if this happened or that happened. I think we're going to have to give – we have to be patient and I think we're going to have to give Cal Fire its due time to be able to complete a thorough investigation of what happened here, and then we'll go from there. I mean, at this point, I think to speculate on courses of action that we might take under different scenarios is just not constructive.
Geisha J. Williams: Well, it's – again, depends on what happens with the Cal Fire reports, when they issue it, what the findings are. And again, way too many things to speculate on it. Again, I don't believe makes a whole lot of sense right now.
Jason P. Wells: Jonathan, thanks for the question. We saw a key statute of limitations expire this quarter, and that was for personal injury claims. However, the statute of limitations per property extends for another year.
Jason P. Wells: Yeah. I can't speculate as to what others may do but we've tried to make an estimate here with our adjustments to the accrual to reflect what we believe would be the cost associated with those fires.
Jason P. Wells: Jonathan, this is Jason. I think it's way too early to discuss potential liability, if any, stemming from these fires. Obviously, we've got to let Cal Fire conclude its investigation. That will be an important part of sort of our consideration for when and if to record liability, but I wouldn't say that that is the sole determinant.
Jason P. Wells: Really, I can't speculate at this time as to any potential timing for liability recognition. Investigations have really just begun, and so we're really just focused on cooperating with Cal Fire as they investigate the sources of these fires.
Jason P. Wells: Yeah. Stephen, this is Jason. We'd expect to be able to deduct third-party claims if we were to be found liable for those, so those would be deductible for tax purposes. The only thing that, in our view, that would not be tax deductible would be fines or penalties coming out of any investigation.
Jason P. Wells: No. Our guidance reflects the $900 million that we're spending this year. So for context purposes, for 2019 we're providing a range of $900 million to $1 billion which is, on one end, flat with our consistent spending and, on the upper end, it could be as much as a $100 million increase from where we are today.
Jason P. Wells: Yeah. I mean, obviously, we're still very early in this process. But as we disclosed sort of on the fourth quarter earnings call earlier this year, we think we're, as Geisha mentioned, very well-positioned in that the recent discussions have included sort of a phase down of the corporate tax rate. We see that as beneficial to our customers in terms of refunding sort of the excess amount of taxes that we've collected in the past. And so for us, that would allow us to create sort of bill capacity for incremental capital expenditures in our system which we think would continue to improve the safety and reliability of our gas and electric systems.
Jason P. Wells: Absolutely. The details are going to matter on this one, but I think it's a reasonable assumption to assume that that would refund back to customers over essentially the book life of the assets.
Jason P. Wells: We've recorded insurance receivables up to the full policy limit of our insurance of $922 million. We've collected a little bit more than $50 million to-date from our contactors' insurers. So the $1.1 billion accrual for third party claims exceeds that amount. Consistent with the conversation that we've been having on the doctrine of inverse condemnation, we would expect to see recovery for those costs from customers and have filed to do so.
Jason P. Wells: We will continue to seek recovery of incremental costs for third party insurance. But I'm not in a position to provide details on either one there. Their insurance levels are too sort of – nature of those negotiations.
Jason P. Wells: I think I understand your question. I'll try to answer it as I interpret it. We have recovery for our liability insurance cost through our General Rate Case process. There isn't a separate, direct recovery for contractor's insurance. Generally, our contractors procure insurance sort of in an ordinary course of business. We do not have, as I mentioned, direct subsidization of those costs. And just as for the Butte fire, we're not in a position to talk about the level of insurance those contractors maintain.
Jason P. Wells: Michael, this is Jason. I think it's just way too early to speculate as to the impact these fires may have, if any, on our financing plans. As I mentioned in my remarks, we reaffirmed the guidance we had issued earlier with the assumption that there is no additional material impact from the wildfires. We'll obviously update you with more comprehensive guidance for 2018 as part of the fourth quarter earnings call. We will take into consideration sort of developments through that period. But right now, I think it's just way too early to speculate as to sort of any impacts on financing, given the fact that cause for these fires has not yet been determined.
Jason P. Wells: Julien, this is Jason. The $900 million to $1 billion that I referred to in my comments reflects the additional spending associated with the DOGGR regulations to improve – or to mitigate methane leaks for gas storage facilities. So, it takes into consideration our current programs to improve pipeline safety as well as the additional spending associated with reducing the risk of methane leaks on gas storage assets.
Jason P. Wells: Our insurance covers claims for property under inverse condemnation. It could also cover claims under a negligence standard. So, it would apply to sort of any potential liabilities associating from these events.
Jason P. Wells: I think it's really way too early in a process to kind of begin to speculate with the portion claims. So, honestly, I think we just have to let Cal Fire concludes its investigation and work from there.
Jason P. Wells: It does reflect, Paul, the fact that we have settled now roughly a third of the cases. So, we're taking into consideration our experience with these claims. However, as I mentioned, we've received a number of new claims in this third quarter. We saw about a 50% increase in the number of claims, so there still remains some uncertainty as to the detail and nature of those claims. So, right now, I consider it a minimum, but it is reflective of our experience to-date.
Jason P. Wells: We're unable to, at this point, identify a high end particularly given the fact that so many new claims came in the third quarter for which we don't have any detail today.
Jason P. Wells: We've seen a reduction in capacity the insurance markets here in California over the last several years. In California, there's been a number of notable full policy losses in the state of California. In addition, the state of California does have this unusual inverse condemnation doctrine. And as a result, what we've seen is a decrease of available insurance for liability.
Nickolas Stavropoulos - PG&E Corp.: So this is Nick Stavropoulos. Good morning. Regarding the safety OII, right from the first time we received the report on the CPUC's consultant, we embraced the 68 recommendations that they laid out, and we've been working with the CPUC staff and their consultants to better understand some of those recommendations. We expect to have a significant percentage of those actually complete by the end of this year. We will have almost all of the recommendations either complete or well underway by midpoint of next year. There are five specific recommendations that were provided by the consultants that we really need feedback from the commission on, and so we look forward to that. But those recommendations are built into our safety plan, our company-wide One PG&E Safety Plan, and we are actively implementing those recommendations.
Nickolas Stavropoulos - PG&E Corp.: Building on that, Geisha – this is Nick – that we've actually already begun the process of working with different elements of the communities. We've awarded several grants to help communities begin to understand the impacts of climate change and what we can do from a resiliency standpoint. And also, internally, for planning the long-term future of our electric and gas networks, we've begun to really take a hard look at the long-term impacts of things like higher winds, higher sea levels, more extensive rains, so that we can build more resiliency into our asset structure.
Nickolas Stavropoulos - PG&E Corp.: This is Nick again. Thank you for the question. So, as Geisha mentioned, we have a very aggressive vegetation management program across our 70,000 square mile territory. We manage about 123 million trees that are near and adjacent to our facilities. And over the last two years, we've doubled the amount that we have invested in veg management, that includes line clearing to remove parts of trees that are adjacent to our facilities, as well as removal of dead and dying trees. So, the program involves a year-round effort to identify these dead and dying trees through inspection processes where we use foot and aerial patrols; we use LiDAR, which is light detecting and ranging technology to identify the trees that need to be worked. We inspect all of our overhead lines every year, and we do second patrols in high-fire danger areas at least twice a year. In some areas, we do it as often as four times a year. So, it's a very aggressive program. There are specific requirements around line clearing, and it depends upon the voltage of the lines. And it can range up to a feet to as much as sort of 18 inches away from the facility. So, there are all sorts of different requirements depending upon where the facilities are located and the voltage of the facilities.
John R. Simon: Steve, hi. It's John Simon. I'm the General Counsel here. Inverse is, as Geisha mentioned, a strict liability concept. Negligence is a completely different construct, and inverse really excludes the consideration of negligence. In other words, the premise of inverse is that the utility pays the property damages and attorney's fees without any showing that it's at fault and, in turn, the utility spreads the cost across all the customers and recovers those costs through rates. So as I understand, the TURN argument is sort of apples and oranges to where we are with inverse. So we see it differently.
John R. Simon: Cal Fire is doing their investigation. It's early as Geisha mentioned. I don't think it's productive for us to speculate on some of the theories in your questions. So I think it's just too soon to talk about sort of these concepts right now.
John R. Simon: Paul, John Simon. It's not clear. There's nine lawsuits filed. There may be others to come. They may allege one or both theories. I haven't studied the existing cases yet, so I can't comment on that. But it wouldn't surprise me if both are alleged. It's just we'll have to wait and see.
