Christopher Johns: Thanks, Gabe, and good morning, everybody. Now, I don't usually open up our call. So it's appropriate to acknowledge the transition that we're in right now. As Peter Darbee stated when he announced his retirement, this change gives the company an opportunity to move forward in facing some of our challenges. Obviously, a key step in that direction will be naming a new CEO. So with us this morning, to offer his thoughts on that, is Lee Cox. Lee has been a key member of the board at PG&E since 1996, and he's been our Lead Director since 2004. As Gabe mentioned, Lee is our Interim Chairman, CEO and President, and we're fortunate to have Lee's experience in this interim role.  So with that, I'll turn it over to Lee.
Christopher Johns: This is Chris. Normally, for us to recover any kind of storm cost, it would have to be in an area where it was declared a state of an emergency either by the governor or in a local area. And so, right now as we've look at it, there doesn't appear to be very much opportunity to do that for this set of storms.
Christopher Johns: Michael, this is Chris. And the way we're looking at it is that, I think, that you'll see a combination of replacing pipes. You'll also see us making a lot of it pigable pipe, and so a lot of it will be on the capital side of that. We'll also be putting in different valves which, again, should generally be capital type areas. I think that as we continue to work through with the CPUC, there will be maintenance activities and potentially changes in the way we're doing some of the maintenance based on the different standards. But a lot of the modernization of the pipe will be to make it pigable and to replace some of the older pipe.
Christopher Johns: And Paul, this is Chris. What I'd add to that is, I think, you can look in the 10-Q, and it pretty much has the information on probably the top 2 or 3 or 4 of the environmental remediation efforts that we've got going on. And I think, generally, the costs are related to those efforts.
C. Cox: Okay. Well, thank you, Chris, and good morning, everyone. I know the team has a lot to cover this morning, so I'm going to be very brief. Let me just expand now for a moment on a comment Chris made about a CEO retirement being a chance to move forward.  I want all of you to know that the board and our employees deeply understand and feel in every way how the events of the last year have affected the company. And right now, we're all very focused on doing whatever it takes to fix our problems and then also to regain the public trust. A lot of projects are already underway to do that. The new CEO we're seeking will be someone who can lead our teams to finish the operations turnaround that has really already started. And we also want someone who can personally engage with our many stakeholders and gain their support. So to that end, the search process is moving along well. The search committee is pleased with the quality of candidates, and we're on track to name the new CEO in the coming weeks. But in the meantime, in the coming days, you'll be hearing some announcements about what we're doing to resolve our problems and to regain the confidence of our stakeholders.  Now Chris and Kent are going to be delivering some tough news this morning, and I want you to know that the board believes that they and their teams will be able to solve our problems and then go on to improve operational and financial performance in the future. So here it goes back to Chris to discuss company operations.
C. Cox: Okay. Well, we've reaching out to stakeholders and asking them that question. So some of what I'll say to you reflects things that they've said to us. On the one hand, some people say it's very important to have come from California. On the other hand, we have people saying we need a set of fresh eyes. So during the search process, we'll been thinking about both of those points of view and reconciling them. We think it's important that the person we hire has actually run at the highest level possible, a regulated public utility, not necessarily just gas, because gas represents about 35% of our assets, and we plan to be making many changes. A lot of them are underway already on the gas side of things. So we're not looking for a chief engineer, if that was behind your question of gas. A CEO has to be very skilled at dealing with a diverse set of stakeholders. And that's incredibly important. And those stakeholders include people in the government from the regulatory commissions, our employees, unions, and so on. So we're looking for a lot, I know. But based on our search so far, we're finding candidates who are able to do all those things.
C. Cox: Okay. Well, first of all, candidates have been identified. As you know, when that happens, extensive reference checks need to take place and other search work. Then interviews are held, and decisions are made about possible final candidates. And then the reason I can't be more specific about a date is that the person that you finally select may have needs at their end about when they can appear. So, as I said before, I think it would be a matter of weeks when this should complete.
C. Cox: I really wouldn't want to comment on individual characteristics like that because we have a range of people at different ages right now.
C. Cox: It's not a driving factor, no. There are other things that I mentioned earlier, someone who has actually managed at a senior level a regulated public utility, someone who excels at stakeholder management, someone with the kind of leadership ability to be involved in all of the operation's recovery efforts that we have underway today. Those things, by the way, started last year, shortly after San Bruno. We haven't been waiting to do them until we got a new CEO. So that's more of what we're looking for. I wouldn't narrow at all the search to a factor of age.
Kent Harvey: Let me try again. What I was saying is, obviously, we've provided guidance for our gas-related expenditures this year of $350 million to $550 million. And my second point is, we really don't know what the new standards are going to be next year. So what we've been doing through a lot of our work related to our Pipeline 2020 proposal is we've been trying to anticipate where we think things will go. And based on the work we've done to date, we believe that we could be doing a comparable amount of work next year. Meaning, comparable to the types of expenditures we're talking about this year. But we really need to know where the commission's going on that issue and, ultimately, what the new standards will be. And that was really what I was trying to signal. In terms of the item impacting comparability in 2012, the way I think about it is the situation we're in right now, this is not an issue that gets resolved really quickly. Obviously, the accident happened late last year. There's still a lot of regulatory proceedings and investigations underway. And some of those will continue beyond this year. Of course, we also will go through all the third party claims and the insurance. There is a lot of pieces to the challenge we're facing right now, and we're working all of them. But they all won't be resolved really quickly. And all of them will have unusual impact on results in particular reporting quarters. And so our idea is to keep things as transparent as possible, both this year and next year so that you can all keep track of the pieces appropriately.
Kent Harvey: I really think by the time we get to next year, we'll be talking about a lot of things we'd like to do to meet new standards in the state.
Kent Harvey: We don't -- we really have to work through the OIR proceeding to determined that and, Hugh, I just want to clarify, I did not provide guidance for 2012. So I said, we could have expenditures that might be comparable to the levels we're experiencing this year, but I've not provided a specific range for next year. And I want to be very clear about that. But we have to work through the OIR with the commission and the other parties, and we have to really work through all the issues. What are the standards, what will the rate-making be, and what will the timing be.
Kent Harvey: Well Hugh, I think we've given you a fair amount of information about this year. And when we get around to providing guidance for 2012, we'll try to be as clear as we can about that. The reality of our situation, which I mentioned, is that there is still a lot of things that are evolving fairly quickly. And so we'll basically -- well, going forward, we'll do our best to try to give you our insights into where things are going. But we won't do that quantitatively until we're ready to do guidance for 2012.
Kent Harvey: Yes, it would. And maybe since you mentioned bonus appreciation, I know that's a topic that's confused a lot of people, so maybe I can just spend a moment and talk about it just to put it in context. And it's particularly confusing, I think, for our audience because the regulatory [ph] treatment is a little bit different for Southern California Edison and San Diego Gas & Electric since they have General Rate Cases that are up for next year. And we're in a different situation. We're in the first year of a General Rate Case cycle. So, just a quick background on bonus depreciation. I'll try not to go on too long, but simply put what bonus depreciation does is, it increases our cash, and it increases deferred taxes. And the higher deferred taxes causes a reduction in our actual rate base. When actual rate base is lower than authorized rate base, that creates headroom in our revenue requirement. And so, consistent with the intent of the tax legislation, we plan to use that headroom to make additional infrastructure investments for our customer. And as a result, our actual rate base should stay pretty close to our authorized level. We estimate that we'll increase our CapEx this year by about $200 million over what we normally had planned. And we do that in the latter part of the year, and then about $600 million next year. Now, what's happened with us is the CPUC has established a memorandum account, I referred to this earlier, and the intent is to keep -- have us keep track of this to ensure that customers receive the intended benefit of the legislation. If we don't make sufficient investments over this period, the commission could order us to refund revenues to customers in the future. Now the reason I mentioned this, is that we don't have the same situation for Electric Transmissions business. In there, we do annual TO cases. And there, we would expect that our bonus depreciation would be reflected in our rate base in our next TO case. And then bonus depreciation also flows through for most of our separately funded programs likes SmartMeter, for example. So that's kind of how it works.
Kent Harvey: That's correct and as well as the fact that we would be truing up the electric transmission rate base in 2012.
Kent Harvey: Well I think, in the case of S&P, they do have us on a negative outlook. And then in the case of Moody's, they've reaffirmed our ratings.
Kent Harvey: I did not mention equity needs in '12 and in 2011, you're correct. The total needs we currently estimate are about $400 million. And a good chunk of that will be with internal programs, but not all of it.
Kent Harvey: Boy, I think that's probably more detail than I took with me to this call, Michael. Sorry, I can't. But we'd be happy to give you the basic components if -- over the phone later on.
Kent Harvey: We have accrued some costs associated with it. We are still inter-proceeding at the commission related to that issue. So we don't know how much longer that proceeding will go on.
Kent Harvey: Well, in that business, obviously, volatility is your friend to have a Storage business. And, obviously, not only has had prices low, but volatilities are quite low as well. In the case of the parking services that we provide, usually, the revenues there are linked to seasonal spreads. And that's what we experienced in the first quarter, and we think much lower seasonal spreads, and we expect there's a good chance, we'll experience that more in the latter part of the year.
Kent Harvey: It's possible that item could continue into next year. We don't foresee a big rebound in the market. But, of course, it's a commodity market.
Kent Harvey: And in terms of the Investor Conference, Jonathan, this is Kent. We want to have our new CEO onboard, and then figure out what timing makes sense at that point.
Kent Harvey: Jonathan, we're almost to the middle of the year. I mean, realistically -- and I prefer not to be more specific just about our issuance timing. I feel like I'd like to have that flexibility, so I'll leave that up to you guys.
Kent Harvey: Jonathan, thanks for asking that question. The rate base numbers do not include CWIP. So those are authorized rate base numbers, and they are average year rate base numbers that I was referring to. In terms of CWIP, I think it's probably reasonable to assume very roughly in that $1.5 billion kind of range for our CWIP this year.
Kent Harvey: Jonathan, let me kind of restate what I said before. So, it is a $0.06 item, and I said a significant piece is Rancho Cordova. The other thing that I'll remind you of is we -- I said we have been experiencing a little bit higher litigation-related costs, in general, not related to San Bruno, during the first quarter. And we think that we could continue to experience some of that this year, and I think that's just probably a little bit of a reality of the world we're in right now.
Kent Harvey: Yes, I know where you're going now, Tom. Thank you. No, we have tried to incorporate in our guidance our view for the year, as inclusively as we can. And I think, really, what Lee was referring to was just the fact that there's a lot we are trying to make progress on, and you're going to hear some of those specific items and the progress and the steps we make in the coming days and weeks.
Kent Harvey: Ivana, we actually have not been talking about specific growth rates. We've been providing guidance ranges by year. And so what we have out there now is the guidance range both for our earnings from operations for this year, as well as the item impacting comparability for this year. And then what you heard me on the call today to do is, in general, give some general comments about 2012, but we've not provided guidance for 2012.
Kent Harvey: Vedula, yes. The costs we've been incurring this year, as you've heard, have to do with a lot of our records work and then our data validation, and then Hydrostatic Testing. And so the nature of those costs is they're more of expense-type costs. And I think next year, what you've heard from us is that, we could do additional similar work, additional Hydrostatic Testing for more of our system, and then Chris also alluded the fact that we would like to modernize a lot of our pipeline and rebuild a lot of it which, of course, would be capitalized. In terms of the OIR process at the commission and how to determine how that's all going to play out, maybe -- I've commented a little on that, but maybe I'll ask Tom Bottorff, who leads up our regulatory efforts relations effort to just say a bit more.
Kent Harvey: Paul, this is Kent. I didn't mention it just because it was such a small item. And we had a number of items to cover. But we do regularly accrue environmental liability, and so we do tend to have adjustments quarter-to-quarter. And this was one that you saw compared to first quarter of last year. In this case, we've been doing some property purchases. And I think those have showed up as the charge.
Kent Harvey: Well, environmental liabilities for us are usually are often a significant item. I mean, we have a lot of different environmentally-related activities. We have this hazardous waste memorandum account that is the rate making that relates a lot of our environmental liabilities. And we're active in that area. So I don't want to suggest that you won't see additional things related to that because we typically do have charges related to environmental liabilities as we true them up as new information occurs.
Kent Harvey: Yes, Paul, I've mainly talked about the gas market conditions related to our Gas Storage business. And my comments were mainly related to this quarter, and the fact that they could continue to affect us this year. Although I did acknowledge in the Q&A that the market conditions could extend into next year as well. And really, what's going on there is low gas prices, low volatility, then the prices that you can charge for storage services are negatively affected by that. And that's really what's driving us. So when we looked at the parking transactions we did the first quarter of this year, we received prices that were about 1/3 what they were the first quarter of last year. And we don't see an immediate turnaround there, but it's something we're going to keep watching.
Kent Harvey: Yes. I think, what I was trying to suggest is that this year, we've been at greater than 10% and next year, the pace will be about half as much. And that includes the impact of bonus depreciation. It's sort of net-net everything. That's where we see things going for 2012 at this point.
Kent Harvey: There is no additional CapEx in that area included in the general comments about 2012 at this point.
Kent Harvey: I think your general approach is how I would go about it. Obviously, we have some things affecting us this year based largely on the first quarter that are giving us additional challenges to accomplish that. I think the only other thing I would say is that, there are some costs that we incur that we don't receive customer funding for. Charitable contributions, for example, advertising and public affairs-related stuff. And those, normally, are something that we incur. So that's the only other thing I would add to it.
