Patricia Poppe: Thanks, Chris. And as we've discussed, a lot has happened here at PG&E in 2021 to create the launching pad for 2022. As most of you know, I like to tell stories. So here we go. I have one more. A couple weeks ago, on one of my field visits, I stopped at our service center in Auburn. I heard a familiar story from one of our co-workers who lives in Placer County with the PG&E distribution line on his property. Due to various work processes that should have been coordinated, he has had Inspectors on his property four times, three crews on his property three times, and wood management crews another three times, that is 10 visits in a little over a year. Now right after I grown in frustration, I clap and I say okay, team that's upside, let's go on this job, we could have reduced our costs by 20% simply by having a better work plan. Similar jobs in 2021 cost PG&E a billion dollars. Just think of how much better we can do and how our customers will benefit as we reduce the waste and therefore the cost in our processes. I feel that momentum and potential every day. That's just one opportunity of many that I've encountered in my time here at PG&E. Opportunities to reduce costs, opportunities to improve our customer relationships, opportunities to deliver as the hometown team. We're excited about what we've accomplished in 2021 and where we're going in 2022 and beyond, we're further mitigating wildfire risk by expanding our enhanced powerline safety setting program and launching our undergrounding initiative. We've got the right operating system in place to deliver industry leading financial growth fueled by the important safety and resiliency driven infrastructure investments funded by our cost savings, our growing load, and good management practices to keep customer bills affordable. This is a new era at PG&E without trade-offs. We can serve customers, and you, our investors without a compromise. Thank you all for your time. And thank you for supporting the great work being done here at PG&E. Operator, please open the line for questions-and-answers.
Patricia Poppe: Well, Hi, Steve. Nice to hear your voice. Well, we have already approved filings for our hardening work. And so we're biasing the plans now to include more undergrounding we have 211 or we have 14 miles done to-date already this year, which we're excited about. We continue to make progress. We have -- so as we look forward to future filings, we'll continue to and you'll see in our wildfire mitigation plan, which we file, February 25, what our plan is for the future of undergrounding year-by-year as we've described in the deck today, but that will then be approved in the coming years. We've actually been asked to update the GRC to reflect the inclusion of undergrounding. And I think the part that's most exciting for people is that we can make those additional undergrounding miles when we factored into our total capital plan with minimal impact on our original filing in terms of costs for customers. And so we can both make it safe and keep it affordable. And we're excited about that progress.
Patricia Poppe: Yes, great question, Jonathan. As you might expect, Jonathan, there's lots of puts and takes in any given year, and this is one. And we would expect to find another way to achieve our financial commitments. And so are -- we're planning conservatively putting into -- putting together plans in the event that the cost of capital proceeding does not go the way that we think it should. We're very optimistic about our filing and things that we've made a compelling argument. But of course, we'll plan accordingly. As I like to say Jonathan we'll ride the roller coaster, so you don't have to.
Patricia Poppe: Yes, as you can imagine, we've got a lot of plans in place that we're working to reduce our O&M and reduce our cost structure. We do have our current rate filing as already in flight for the next four years, as we look at what the rate implications of that filing. It's on average, about 4% per year. It tapers down in the latter half of the plan, and we expect to continue to be able to build this muscle to keep our rates affordable. We do think that our rates are affordable, we believe that our -- the value offer to customers is significant. And so it's truly on us to continue to make the business more efficient, find ways of reducing costs, and one of the things I'm excited about here in California is actual load growth. That's a nice phenomenon. And we see what electric vehicles, electrification, as well as customer growth. We've got a lot of opportunities here to continue to grow in California, that's another offset to unit costs for customers going forward. So this is an important muscle for us to develop here at PG&E. And as I mentioned in my opening remarks, I see lots of opportunity everywhere I go across the system for ways that we can improve the customer experience and reduce the cost to deliver.
Patricia Poppe: Yes, great question. We have a couple things. We have current active undergrounding projects as we speak, and they range in their cost to complete. And we have some that are today in the $2 million a mile range. We have some that are more than that. And so we're working to find the best methods and systems. We don't have a unit cost negotiated yet with a contractor for the full scope of the 10,000 miles. We're working on identifying what is that path forward. But one of the things that's exciting about the RFI that we did conduct a request for information. We got a lot of new technologies that are being deployed across the globe, presented to us here. For example, some boring equipment that's being used in Germany to underground transmission lines. It's pretty exciting stuff which gives us confidence as we ramp up and scale this program with the right equipment, with the right partners, with the right work process. We can dramatically reduce our costs every year on the undergrounding scope and scale. So we have a lot more meat to put on the bones as we move forward. But again, we'll share more specifics on our cost forecasts and the near-term plans with our wildfire mitigation plan, we're filing on the 25th of February.
Patricia Poppe: Now we're shooting Constantine to do our goal is to shoot for 2% a year. We're going to work that every year. There's a lot of efforts and underway and a lot of opportunities that we see going forward. So we're going to work that every year. Though your intuition is right underground is a perfect example of that simple and affordable model. It's capital intensive, because it's the right kind of long-term infrastructure that the system needs to be resilient in these conditions here in California, and reduces then the need to rely on annual vegetation management and other annual expenses. So we really have the opportunity here to demonstrate our simple and affordable model through undergrounding. So you're spot on that.
Patricia Poppe: Well, I think our contracting strategy on our undergrounding work is going to obviously be very important. And we'll be working that out in the coming months. We have confidence, Julien, because we're doing it today, we have projects that are coming in at $2 million a mile today. And that's with what I would say, very rudimentary methods, that we haven't deployed the best technology because we don't have the scale to deploy the technology. In fact, I was out on a job. And I was talking to one of our providers of the trenching equipment. And I said to him, hey, is this your best stuff that we're using? He said, Heck, no, I have much better equipment that we could be using. I said, well, why isn't he here? He said, because you don't have scale. You're not running enough miles underground to make it work for me to bring my best equipment and scale up. And I can help reduce the cost and the speed and the time to deliver. So it's pretty interesting. I go back to my old school industrial engineering, Julien and I know that with scale, we can improve the unit cost. So knowing that we can do $2 million a mile on certain jobs today, I know at scale, we can do that with the right equipment, process, partners and work plan.
Patricia Poppe: Yes, we've certainly had conversations with staff about our plans and where we're headed, but our formal filing comes on February 25. And that's when we'll get formal feedback from all the key stakeholders.
Patricia Poppe: Yes, so as we look at particularly natural gas, that's been a big driver, we're proud of the fact that we've been able to minimize the impact to customers on that when some of the commodity prices are up 90%, we've been able to protect our customers closer to a 10% to 12% impact of the commodity. And that's because we've got good storage resources, we have a really aggressive purchasing strategy so that we prevent those big real time spikes from hitting our customers.
Patricia Poppe: Yes, it's a great question. We're continuing to learn and optimize these and both of those very important tools. I do want to remind and thanks for the prompt here Rich, I want to remind everyone listening that the system is safer today, because we know that we can rely on PSPS and EPSS under multitude of conditions. Regardless of weather, regardless of drought, we can protect our customers. Now we know that PSPS is a tool of last resort, and we only use it when the conditions warrant but we do have a model that when we look rearward, and we can see the previous -- our current algorithm against previous conditions, we would have prevented 96% of structures loss between 2012 and 2020. That is a significant safety mitigation. But we're pretty excited about EPSS. And what we learned last year, and the dramatic reduction in admissions on those circuits where we enabled EPSS. So keep in mind EPSS is enabled, even on a dry -- on a non-windy day, on a non-Red Flag Day when we know the conditions are ripe for a fire spread, we can enable those settings and we're in the process of engineering and preparing to have 100% of our high fire threat miles able to utilize the EPSS standard. So that's pretty exciting for us. I think it's an important combination of risk against that really enable us to keep people safe today.
Patricia Poppe: Well, we will obviously file as part of our wildfire mitigation plan, we are moving forward and enabling the circuits. Some of the challenges we had early last year, when we did what we call our Hotline tag process, which is different than our full EPS engineered, coordinated settings that we're installing now, they had a significant impact on a small handful of customers who had multiple outages that were long, because it would take out a really long stretch of a circuit. And we'd have to patrol it to make sure that it was safe before we re-energized, we've much dramatically improved our ability to address those challenges by coordinating the settings, engineering it so that a much smaller portion of the line is de-energized when it's made contact with something, whether it's a tree or an animal, that would cause a spark, we are de-energizing a 10th of a second, which is incredible. But then much shorter spans of line. So the patrol is much faster, and the restoration is much faster. And so certainly we work with our regulators to make sure they're comfortable with our approach here. And that filing will reflect that. But we're pretty bullish that this is a very, very important transformation of the safety and de-risking of our system on behalf of customers. And that that is something we're pretty excited about.
Patricia Poppe: Yes, so when we're talking about load growth, we're talking about wires growth, we do see that distributed solar actually is an important part of the mix here in California, both from a resiliency perspective, as well as that a peak mitigation particularly when combined with storage, which Stephen, you and I have talked about EVs many times. But I'm pretty excited about the bi directional charging capacity of these new electric vehicles that are on the road today. And the combination of that storage with distributed energy. And certainly has an impact you could describe on load, but I think of it much more as a key enabler to the kind of supply that customers want, that's resilient, that can serve a peak demand and reduce the number of flex alerts we have here in California and make our supply more reliable, and at the same time electrification, and those EVs still does grow demand. So net-net, that's where we come out on this 1% to 3% over time of electric load growth, even with those distributed resources. It's a pretty exciting combination of technologies.
Patricia Poppe: Well, as we've mentioned publicly, we've announced that we're going to do 10,000 miles. And so what we have challenged ourselves and what we're forecasting we're going to do is essentially doubling the miles every year. So in 2020, we did 75 miles in 2022, or in 2021, we did 75 miles, in 2022, we are shooting for 175. And then we'll grow that double, double, double each year until we get up to about that 1,200 range, which we think would be a reasonable level. Now I say all that to say, we have to prove that out, we have to do it. We have to actually execute on those plans and we felt like that was the sort of ramp given the feedback we've received or requests for information from global contractors that we could conceivably deliver. But obviously that all have to be approved through our regulatory filings and more to come on that as we work with key stakeholders across the state to make sure that that plan is one that everyone supports.
Patricia Poppe: Yes, that'll be coming in the coming months, we've got to first align with stakeholders on the volume we're looking at. And we'll do the bids. And we'll have a pretty comprehensive contracting strategy for how we'll complete that work and with whom will partner and what portions of that we will in-source, what we will outsource et cetera. We're building out that plan as we speak.
Patricia Poppe: Thanks, Mel. Thank you, everyone again, for joining us today. You know, I just want to reiterate that we have really taken very positive steps forward on our wildfire risk. The combination of EPSS and PSPS in the near-term today makes the system safer, hardening the system, reimagining it with undergrounding as our really backbone of our hardening program going forward gives us a lot of confidence going forward on our ability to keep people safe. I think the other thing I really want to leave you with is that our simple but affordable model is the past to both keep people safe and to deliver for investors. So we think there's no trade-off here, we can have the important capital work done offset by cost savings and load growth and other smart management techniques, we will work to deliver for customers every single day and for you delivering predictable outcomes for investors. This is a near era for PG&A and we can't wait to take the right along with you. So thanks so much for tuning in today. Be safe out there.
Chris Foster: Sure, hi, Steve. It's a couple things we're looking at there. As you can imagine the equity driver itself is going to ultimately depend on where we end up on that CapEx. But it's just stepping back, you can imagine we do have a couple of levers as we look forward. First is going to be the amount of holding company debt that we retain is one lever that gives us some good flexibility in those outer years. I think the second would be just the assumption for how quickly we choose to ramp up the dividend. So we're giving ourselves I think, some good levers there in the out years to kind of try to manage any potential, any financing pressures.
Chris Foster: Sure, Steve happy to clarify that. When we did have a GAAP loss in Q3, right, that we had pointed to was going to occur? We have a positive Q4, right. So that would mean that the most recent quarter is GAAP positive, as it's looked at by S&P. So really, the two metrics that we've got to meet at this stage are the most recent quarter being GAAP positive. And the sum of the four most recent quarters GAAP positive in terms of the ability to have S&P inclusion. And then it's really just the qualitative factors, it's harder to put a timeline on, as you could imagine, which is another entity has to fall out of the S&P for us to have eligibility to go in.
Chris Foster: That's accurate, Jonathan. We'd still be looking at a situation where we'll hit that $6.2 billion and non-GAAP core earnings threshold that allow us to turn it back on. I just think at this stage, you can imagine I can't really get ahead of the decision will be making with the board on the exact level of reinstatement. But we would certainly be eligible again, roughly mid next year, and looking forward to being able to turn it back on. But as you can imagine, just given the plants in front of us we will be -- it's safe to assume right, we'd be growing into that dividend.
Chris Foster: And if I could just build on that Constantine. We really don't see this as crowding out the work right. Well, the beauty of this is that, as Patty mentioned earlier, we've already got that ability in the underlying generate case, and in our subsequent rate case to put forward system hardening investments. So we're going to pull out some of what would previously have been the overhead line miles we would have been putting in and are putting in better risk reduction with the undergrounding mileage or putting it instead. So the risk of inefficiency is better, the safety for our customers is improved. And ultimately, what you'll see is we're also going to have a true up that goes in alongside that wildfire mitigation plan filing on February 25th. That trip will show you that in the end, this is really where the rubber meets the road that will -- you'll be able to put forward a plan, there's minimal impact to customers, while still going after this aggressive undergrounding effort on behalf of our customers in the state.
Chris Foster: Sure thing. We do definitely have a high level assumption that within the details of the five year plan. Certainly can't drive a specificity today. If we have just made that assumption, don't want to again want to get ahead of that decision by management and the board. But what I would offer is, again, you can see this year that we certainly we're already kicking off a substantial doubling or more than doubling of undergrounding mileage in terms of that effort, as well as continuing our key safety and reliability investments. Got a moderate equity need that we disclose today. And our goal again, going forward, Constantine would be to ensure that we're finding that right balance. And that's going to be about making sure that we're pulling forward the work to get the work done efficiently. But doing so in a way that's from a financing standpoint, efficient as we go.
Chris Foster: Sure, thank you. It's substantial. Again, previously, but we got it to was taking that roughly billion dollars out of the business a year. Our target last year was a billion we came through at 1.6. We're pivoting now to this non-fuel O&M view, which we'll be all in think about it is roughly a total of $10 billion amount that we'll be working down right over time. So 2% year-over-year, no matter where inflation stands, right. Our focus is going to be taking out that 2% productivity levels to it to improve themselves, as well as you heard us mention some of these large contracting efforts, being ones where we can take out in some cases as we did last year, hundreds of millions of dollars in costs as we go. So that's really going to be the focus of the enterprise. Year-over-year productivity in the field, as well as making sure from a sourcing in and contracting standpoint, we're really doing our best to get the best pricing possible.
Chris Foster: No, absolutely, Michael and good to hear from you. This is absolutely one of the key components of the five-year plan. I'd really think about it. And that's one I think there's probably three things we're really focused on today. The first is shifting from that EPS CAGR generically to a total return scenario where as we turn the dividend back on right and we will grow that dividend toward the back half of those years, we're looking instead of just that generic EPS guide as a CAGR, what we're saying is a consistent 10% return at least over that time period. So it's a significant shift. I think the second is our increased focus on costs and cost efficiencies, right. Previously, when we last guided on overall customer bill impact trajectory, we were talking in the neighborhood of roughly 5%. But we're talking about today as Patti mentioned, is closer to 4%. And we're going to keep working that down. And I think the third piece is just the underlying risk reduction is what we're trying to convey today, the body of work is going to mean better risk reduction in the near-term, which is the very large expansion of our EPSS program, which is immediate risk reduction, once we get that ready on the system, and through the long-term risk reduction that comes from undergrounding. So those are really the three key components of the financial planning operating plan.
Chris Foster: That's essentially correct, Michael, again, we're really shifting ultimately to the total return model. We're going to reinvest in the enterprise where we need to keep costs low, and put ourselves in line with premium peers at a total return level.
Chris Foster: Sure, happy to cover it for you at this point nothing specific on timing, just because again, if you can imagine we're always trying to taking conservative look at this Rich. Last year, as you recall, right, we had guided to zero to 400, pleased that we landed at zero last year. Ultimately, what we're looking at are a couple of drivers. First would be at its highest order. We're going to continue to work through legacy wildfire cases, right. We've got the commitment there to ensure we're continuing to make progress for the communities on individual claims that are there. I think the other one is just going to be assumptions on some of the recoveries that we've got here and the materials that we're showcasing today for prior wildfire recoveries as well. So in line at this point for the appropriate timing on proposed decisions, prior recoveries, and we'll continue to work our way through some of the legacy claims as well.
Chris Foster: Sure thing, Hi, Greg. Looking basically at this point is just a reminder, this is at this stage already has had two approvals at the CPUC F5 nothing though. And so we're currently in the appeals process through the courts at this stage, currently looking at the earliest Q2 execution timeframe, just in terms of what we're seeing the appeals process kind of work its way through, still intend to execute this year, allowing us to take out that $6 billion in operating company.
