Jason P. Wells: Stephen, this is Jason. Thanks for the question. It's clear that our cost of capital has significantly increased this year. I mean, I think probably easiest place to look is the cost of our debt which is up roughly 100 basis points and we know that equity costs are a multiple of that. I think as we look forward, we continue to push and believe that constructive reform and inverse condemnation it's important to keep our cost of capital cost effective for our customers. But in absence of legislative reform, I think we would have to consider the potential for future fire events. On what would be a sort of traditional foundation for the calculation of the cost of equity. And so in essence, I think, it's premature to quantify exactly how much but in absence of legislative reform, we could see significant increases in cost of capital that we could – that we would request next spring as part of the Cost of Capital proceeding.
Jason P. Wells: Stephen, this is Jason again. I think it's premature to speculate as to exactly sort of the financing plans under a hypothetical, Cal Fire still hasn't released its conclusion on Tubbs. But I will emphasize from a matter of principle standpoint is as I indicated in my opening comments, if we were to take a non-cash charge that dropped us below our required minimum equity ratio of 51%, we'd first file a capital structure waiver with the Commission. That capital structure waiver would be considered to be approved until acted upon. We think that the capital structure waiver is in the best interest of our customers. It provides the legislature and the courts time to deal with inverse condemnation. And so, there are a number of factors that would need to be resolved before we quantify and articulate the exact financing approach for the situation that you outlined.
Jason P. Wells: Yeah. About $80 million of the amount that is in excess of what we're currently collecting in rates would be deferred as a regulatory asset in WEMA. The rest would fall to the bottom line. Although, I do want to emphasize, as I mentioned, that we will seek full recovery for those costs.
Jason P. Wells: Yes. So while we didn't provide you per share guidance for 2018, when we set our financial plan for the year, we did anticipate higher insurance costs.
Jason P. Wells: And when we set that plan, we set it with the objective of earning our authorized return on equity. The WEMA regulatory asset that we recognized for insurance cost this quarter is incremental to that.
Jason P. Wells: Yeah. Greg, thanks for the question. I do think that you summed it up there, in the end, ultimately the equity needs will need to be financed with some form of equity. But there could be multiple paths on an interim basis before issuing that incremental equity to fill our equity ratio at the utility.
Jason P. Wells: Praful, I think you're highlighting the complexity of the situation why it's hard to commit exactly to a path. There's – we're pushing forward on reform at the legislative level. We're challenging inverse in the court system. There are a lot of different paths that can take. And so, what we can commit to in the near term is that if we fall below the equity – minimum equity ratio at the utility because of a non-cash charge, we are committed to filing a capital structure waiver at the Commission to mitigate financing needs so that we can fully pursue resolution under those multiple paths.
Jason P. Wells: It's possibly. I mean AB 33 as currently constructed would provide a mechanism to pay claims. Essentially today, it would give the Commission the opportunity to disallow cost down the road which if disallowed would require a different form of financing at that point.
Jason P. Wells: Yeah. Thanks, Julien. This is Jason. Obviously, liquidity is clearly a focus for us. The $2.5 billion dollars of debt that we raised at the utility late in 2017 was intended to largely address our ongoing financing needs for 2018 and 2019, to give us the flexibility to work through the complexities that we've outlined. As we've said, uncertainty with respect to legislative reform, the uncertainty with respect to the timing of the judicial challenges of inverse condemnation, create a challenging environment for incremental financing. That's why – I'll come back to our commitment at least early on if our non-cash – if we fall below the minimum equity ratio from a non-cash charge we will file a capital structure waiver. If that is denied, ultimately, we will look at other tools and we will seek to balance the balance sheet health of the company, but as well protect the interest of both our customers and shareholders. And I think just given all of the uncertainty it's hard to be any more specific than that at this time.
Jason P. Wells: We have a few short-term debt maturity floating rate notes that we'll have to address. But as I mentioned, the debt offering at the Utility late in the fourth quarter largely met our debt financing needs for 2018 and 2019.
Jason P. Wells: Michael, this is Jason. As we've talked about in the past, while we haven't necessarily quantified capital spend beyond 2019, the pipeline for projects is extensive. We have an aging system that requires significant investment at a time when we need to modernize our grid for new technologies that our customers are demanding of us. And so, the pipeline for capital investment is very strong. But as Geisha and I mentioned in our opening remarks, to the extent that we don't see constructive legislative reform of inverse condemnation this year, we may have to pull back on some of those – some of that aspect of spending. Because it just wouldn't be in our customers' best interest to finance some of those projects at the current cost of capital that we're experiencing. So right now, it's hard to quantify beyond what we provided here, but I think as we get into the third quarter, we should be able to provide you more details.
Jason P. Wells: We will file the Transmission Owner rate case before the end of this year. We have the four-month delay on the GRC. We have hearings for our GT&S rate case starting kind of mid-September timeframe. I think those are probably the three critical sort of cases for the remainder here of 2018.
Geisha J. Williams: Yeah. So I think that the governor's proposal is constructive but as I said earlier we do believe it's insufficient. We think it's just one of many things that need to be considered in a more comprehensive set of reforms relating to inverse condemnation, relating to the wildfire reforms that are needed in the state of California. So, it's an important input, I think, to the Conference Committee, but it's – I think a lot more work is necessary.
Geisha J. Williams: Yes, we've always been really pretty clear about our expectations, our – what we want to see accomplished in the legislature this year, and it's threefold. It's strict liability reform under Inverse Condemnation permanently. It's addressing the 2017 wildfire costs in the most cost effective manner possible. And it's also having clarity around reasonableness standards and really the whole cost recovery perspective from a CPUC proceeding basis. So, when I say that it's insufficient, it doesn't go far enough. And looking at inverse condemnation and the impact that it has on utilities like PG&E and the State of California.
Geisha J. Williams: Right, Jonathan, to answer the question directly, no. we really don't have any insights as to the timing of SED or more broadly the CPUC investigations on any of these fires. We're hoping that it's prompt. But, again, we have no insight as to what their thinking will be in terms of timing.
Geisha J. Williams: Yeah. So, it's – it really doesn't address the third item that we typically have called for, which is having, in essence, pre-prudency review. Having an opportunity to look at clarifications around what constitutes being in compliance, what constitutes being a prudent manager, I think that's important. As we've seen from the San Diego Gas & Electric WEMA refusal I guess or, not accepting the rehearing, it's a big issue for us. And when you consider the fact that we're in this new normal, the fact that we have more wildfires it seems every year, very severe wildfires, we've got to look at this whole issue of wildfire reform, inverse condemnation reform, liability reform more broadly, more comprehensively. So that's why I believe that it's insufficient.
Geisha J. Williams: Well let me first talk about that. I mean, clearly, the Tubbs Fire is so significant, so devastating, but I believe that, and what we've been talking about at the legislature is that the reform that we're seeking is so much more than just Tubbs. It's so much more than just 2017. It's so much more than just PG&E. We find ourselves in this climate-driven extreme weather, facing wildfire after wildfire. The numbers that we're seeing already in California and in the Western United States are staggering. So this is going to be a perennial issue. And our focus in addressing legislation is about we've got to come up with new solutions, new legislation that deals with this new normal. So while – I don't know what the impact would be of Tubbs being delayed one way or the other. But I think the time for action is now as we're dealing with wildfire after wildfire today. And having clarity about what utility liability is going to be in the future is going to be so important to our ability to raise capital, to our ability to be a financial utility, to our ability to execute on our plan to achieve California's clean energy goal.
Geisha J. Williams: I mean, obviously, we're really pleased that there's a Conference Committee where there is laser-like focus I think in terms of looking at inverse, looking at wildfire preparedness and response more broadly. I think it's the right approach to tackle such a complex issue as what we're dealing with here in California.
Geisha J. Williams: Well, we are advocating strongly that some level of looking at 2017, the AB 33 bill as it currently stands, we would love to see that moved into the Conference Committee. So, as they're looking at comprehensive reform they're looking not just at prospective but also looking at 2017 because it was just so, so substantial. If however AB 33 doesn't move into the Conference Committee, there's still an approach for more of a traditional legislative process in California. But I would have to say it's harder. It's more complicated. So, again our focus is on making the work of the Conference Committee as comprehensive as possible to deal with this very complex set of issues, while at the same time working in parallel to continue to advance the good work of AB 33.
Geisha J. Williams: Well, the current way that AB 33 is sort of set up, it's explicit about two things. First, the Commission must approve that the initial advice filing, it has to ensure lower cost for customers. And second, it provides for a reasonable review for all the wildfire costs incurred. So that if the CPUC determines that we did not act justly or prudently, then those – there will be disallowances and those disallowances will be shareholder-funded.
Geisha J. Williams: We don't have a lot of visibility to the inner workings of Cal Fire's investigative process. So, we don't know if this is highly unusual or something that they do more regularly. Really, there's no transparency on that.
Jonathan Philip Arnold: What kind of things that it doesn't do would you like to see and my reading of it was that it looks like you would still have a lot of uncertainty, if the court don't decide until sort of some long time after an event, what your liability for it might be? I'm just curious what you're – what are the elements of what you'd like to see that are not there...
Jonathan Philip Arnold: And then, there was – some of that you're despairing assuming recovery under the WEMA, but some you are not. Could you just resay that part.
Jonathan Philip Arnold: Okay. So said another way, you had assumed that your insurance – the amount by which insurance cost would impact your numbers this year would be more than $220 million, effectively.
John R. Simon: It's John Simon. Just on another part of your question, we really don't have insight into the timing beyond what Cal Fire has said publicly. I did want to emphasize though that ultimately the question of the cause of the fires and PG&E's role if any in them is going to end up being an issue in the litigation. So, whenever Cal Fire says what its determination is, it's going to be their finding but it's not going to be dispositive of PG&E's liability. And we do expect the plaintiff's lawyers who have filed suits in San Francisco to pursue theories, whatever Cal Fire says. They've asserted two theories, the inverse theory that we've talked about before and negligence as well.
John R. Simon: Let me take a run at it, Michael, and others here will jump in if I've sort of missed the spirit of the question. You're right to note we've got many trains running down many paths. Just timing-wise, our appeals on inverse condemnation are going to work their way through. The appeals we have right now are discretionary. If the courts accept them, then we have them pending in two different places, then you're looking at a timeline of nine months to a year and a half to deal with those. The litigation that's filed on the fires under the theories negligence and inverse, they're very early, early stages. We don't even have a case management conference yet, but that's coming up in a month. There's no trial date set, discovery is early. So, that's going to run its course over years. It's early. And then you look at settling claims. If we were to do that, it's really early to talk about that now and here's why. We don't have the evidence that Cal Fire is relying on, we don't have most of their reports. It's really difficult to evaluate settlements and timing of settlements when we're in that position. And so back to your question, we're pursuing aggressively our defenses on a number of fronts. We really want to understand Cal Fire's thinking. We don't understand it right now because we don't have anything substantive from them to talk about, sort of their alleged – their claims that PG&E may have alleged state law in its practices. We don't have some nifty balance to thread needles on all of that. What we are doing is making every argument we can, defending vigorously and moving ahead. So, I don't have a great answer to that question, I'm afraid, but that's where we are.
John R. Simon: I think – Christopher, it's John. I think it will take some time, if the Supreme Court hears the appeal, then there'll be a process to brief the appeal, to argue the appeal and then for the court ultimately to decide the appeal one way or the other. So that will take some time. I can't predict the exact amount of time. The impact won't be immediate. It will be once the appeal's thoroughly reviewed, heard and argued and all the rest. So, it could be 6 months to 18 months, some sort of timeframe like that. It's really hard to predict.
John R. Simon: Yeah. Really I can't comment on that because I don't know one way or the other what Cal Fire may choose to do when it's doing its work to investigate a fire.
Steven E. Malnight: Hi. Greg, this is Steve Malnight. I think as Geisha said, the governor's proposal clearly weighs in on some elements. You mentioned the elements he weighed in on, inverse reform; I think we're still fully vetting the specifics of that proposal. But I would just again highlight, as Geisha said, it is an input to the process that the Conference Committee is undergoing. They had their first hearing yesterday. I expect them to look at the governor's proposal along with proposals from many other parties. And I think we have to see what emerges from that process to really assess its impact on the issues that Geisha mentioned that California is facing.
Steven E. Malnight: Look, I'll say this, Greg. I think that the – as we've asserted, reforming inverse does not require a constitutional amendment. It can be done by the legislature. I think we heard that in the hearing yesterday from multiple parties who testified in the hearing. And I think the governor's proposal puts forward a methodology to accomplish that as well. So, I think the issue of reforming inverse, as we've said, is something the legislature can take on and needs to take on in order to really address the challenges that California faces.
Steven E. Malnight: Hi. Thanks. This is Steve Malnight again. So, just to kind of clarify the process. So Senate Bill 901 was amended really just to set sort of a scope of work that the Conference Committee would take on. It really, as of now, is a bit of a shell and was moved into the Conference Committee for their action. So, what we would expect to see is that as that the Conference Committee debate solutions and puts them forward in legislative language, they would be amended into 901, and then the Committee would consider 901 in total and pass it back to both chambers for a vote. So I think what you see in 901 today is really not what it will be in the end. It's really just – it's a shell with some clarification of the scope that the Committee intends to take on.
Steven E. Malnight: No. I think the current expectation is that the Conference Committee will likely be the primary source of potential solutions. That's what it was formed to do. They will be debating that and putting it in 901. As you mentioned, the session ends at the end of August. So as Geisha said, the next month is really critical. But the Committee was formed really to do this work and we're looking forward to working with them through the month to hopefully see the solutions emerge in 901.
Steven E. Malnight: Yeah. Hi, Paul. This is Steve Malnight. And I had just a couple of comments on that. I think – first of all, it is very apparent, that these issues are significant and meaningful to many groups and constituencies across California. That's completely consistent with what we've been saying, that these – the reforms that are needed, the comprehensive reforms, are really critical. I think you can look to the statements that have come out previously from the governor and the legislative leaders on the need for action and the need for urgent action. You can look to the calling of the Conference Committee, which is an unusual step legislatively. And see within those the critical importance of this work and the importance for the legislature to weigh in. I think it's also important to remember that this work didn't just start with the Conference Committee or the hearing yesterday, that was an important milestone. But obviously there've been a lot of discussions. There've been bills that have been put in front of the legislature and have been debated and worked on. So at this point, we still are continuing to advocate for comprehensive reforms, because all of these issues are interrelated. The ability for us to both compensate victims and make sure our victims and the communities that suffered from these fires in 2017 can be made whole and rebuild. The ability to keep our customer bills as low as possible going forward and the ability for us to have the financial certainty to continue to invest in the system. Those are the critical challenges that face California right now. And we continue to believe that the Conference Committee has got the right scope, they've got the right membership and the right process and we can deal with this this year. So, we're going to continue to advocate for that as we move forward and I think that that is possible for us to take on. I can't speculate on the outcomes and we'll continue to work our way through this process. But at this point, I think that's how I sort of view the next month.
