Christopher P. Johns: Thanks, Tony, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin my remarks with our operations and then touch on regulatory developments. Starting with gas operations. On Slide 4, you can see the progress we made in 2013 to make our pipelines safer. Over the past few years, we've tested and replaced hundreds of miles of carefully engineered and executed work to directly improve safety across the state. As Tony mentioned, at the end of 2013, we completed a comprehensive study to validate the Centerline of all 6,700 miles of our transmission pipelines. We've identified structures and vegetation encroaching on our rights-of-way, which we plan to clear over the next 4 years. We now have a much better sense of the number of units of work involved. As a result, we have greater confidence that we won't exceed the $500 million estimate for the program and we're reaffirming our guidance of $500 million over the 5-year period from 2013 to 2017. 2013 was largely about the survey work and we've only begun the remediation work. As we get more experience with remediation in the field during the first half of 2014, we'll continue to validate and refine our unit cost estimates. Next, I want to highlight some of the progress we've made in the rest of the business. You can see a report on our operational performance metrics in Exhibit C in today's slide deck, which gives you a sense of some of our accomplishments as a company over the past year. Starting with safety. Public safety is an important component of the way we measure our performance as a company and an integral part of the lives of our customers. We exceeded our 2013 targets for public safety metrics in both the electric and gas businesses. That means that last year, we significantly improved our response time to 911 calls and reports of gas odors. We also improved our performance on both the number of gas leaks awaiting repair and the number of downed wires. On the reliability side, our electric reliability scores for 2013 set yet another company record. That makes 2013 the fourth consecutive year where we've set a PG&E record for reliability and I'm really proud of the team's work to get those results. Our customers responded to the improvement. Our customer satisfaction survey scores for this year exceeded our goal and reached levels reflecting pre-San Bruno scores. Now turning to regulatory matters. I'll spend a few moments on some of the highlights of our 3 pending rate proceedings. The first is our General Rate Case. We anticipate a proposed decision in the first quarter, and we'd like to see a final decision in the second quarter of this year. Once the PUC issues a final decision, the revenue requirement change will be retroactive through the first of the year. The second case is our Gas Transmission Rate Case, which as Tony said, we filed in December. The requested revenue requirement reflects a significant increase, though the amount we requested is less than 15% above the spending level we planned for this year. The rate case proposal reflects the work necessary to operate our pipelines safely and the impact of the new higher regulatory and legislative standards in California. We've proposed a schedule for the Gas Transmission Rate Case proceeding consistent with the decision by the end of this year but the assigned administrative law judge has not yet set a schedule. Given the size and complexity of the Gas Transmission Rate Case request, the decision may be delayed beyond the beginning of 2015. We do plan to file a motion with the commission to request that the revenue requirement for the Gas Transmission Rate Case be retroactive to January 1, 2015, even if the final decision comes later. The third rate proceeding is for electric transmission. In January, the FERC approved the settlement in the TO14 case. With TO15, we've just begun settlement discussions with the other parties. Also in the electric transmission business, the California ISO has opened up some transmission projects for competitive bidding. We successfully participated in a bid for a 230-kV line across about 70 miles in the Central Valley. We're looking forward to constructing, owning and operating this project in our service territory, along with our partners, MidAmerican and Citizens Energy. Our electric transmission cases and rate base expectations are included as part of our assets. Two final regulatory items to cover. First in December, the CPUC awarded us $21.6 million in incentive revenues given the successful result of our 2011 customer energy efficiency programs. And finally, last week the court annulled the CPUC's decision approving the Oakley plant. We're currently working with our counter party to determine the next steps for re-approaching the regulatory process. And with that, I'll turn it over to Kent.
Christopher P. Johns: Hugh, this is Chris. And for PG&E, you're right, we had a really tough hydro year last year. I think it was the worst drought we've had in over 100 years here, and '14 isn't off to a great start. But when we look out for this summer, we still feel like there's plenty of adequacy of supply. What it really means to us is just that we'll only be able to use our current hydro resources probably during high peak times and some emergency times. But the rainfall, our understanding, up north, is still pretty much close to normal and we do import a lot of hydro power from the north. In terms of the entire state, the ISO is probably a better person to ask, or group to ask, in terms of adequacy of power throughout the state. But we know in our territory, we still look like we're pretty good. Our nuclear facility's running well and all other resources are available to us. So we still feel pretty confident about this summer.
Christopher P. Johns: Right now, it is maybe a little bit more. Again, just because with a little less hydro power available, we may need to utilize some of the gas resources to do that. But like I said, I think we're still pretty good.
Christopher P. Johns: Jonathan, last -- one thing, though. Just on -- to be clear on earning the authorized rate of return post-2015 does exclude the impact of our Centerline survey and clearance that we're doing on that. I just want to make sure everybody's clear.
Christopher P. Johns: Yes. This is Chris. We will -- we're working with our counterparty right now to take a look and see how we're going to re-approach the regulatory process. We need to address what the courts ruled was a lack of evidence around the need, and so we're going to work with our counterparty to try to put the best case we can together to be able to address what the court's concerns were.
Christopher P. Johns: Well, Kit, this is Chris. And I think that we've seen a lot of evidence already that the commission has said that they're going to focus any penalties and anything associated with San Bruno in those proceedings. And I think if you look at some of the rulings that we got last year related to our energy efficiency program, to our economic development rate, through the extension of the cost of capital mechanism, all of those things seem to be reasonable outcomes for us, and so we feel pretty good that there's not going to be some overhang. Now obviously, that doesn't mean that interveners won't come in and try to make some of the same arguments. We fully expect that they would. But when we look at our case, I think there's a big difference between this case and what was in the PSEP and some of the arguments that were made there. The first case, the PSEP case, had a lot of costs associated with doing -- upgrading our records and that will be done and is not included in this new case. And the commission also disallowed a lot of our contingency requests in the first case and obviously now, after 3 years, we have a lot more insight into the costs. And so I think that this case is really focused on increasing the safety and complying with the new regulatory and legislative rules that are in place in California, and so we feel it's a pretty compelling case. As I said though, I'm sure that there will be a few interveners that will try to bring back some of the old things. But I think when you look at what the commission's done, we feel pretty good that they want to put everything into the hearings that are going on now and then move forward.
Anthony F. Earley: Great. Thanks, Kent. In closing, I just want to reiterate some of the points from this morning's call. First, operationally, 2013 was a good year for us. We made a lot of progress in many areas and we're establishing PG&E as a high-performing gas and electric utility. Second, on the gas issues. We executed on the critical gas work in our plant. Although we weren't able to resolve all of the San Bruno-related issues last year, we settled the claims of the victims and compensated them fairly. Now we'd like to see the regulators come to a final decision soon. Third, we put in place a strong rate case filings to position us well for the future. So I'm confident that we are lining ourselves up for success. And so now, let me open up the lines and we'll be ready to answer your questions.
Anthony F. Earley: Obviously, all of that depends upon the outcomes of the various rate cases. We feel good about how the General Rate Case went in. And given any kind of reasonable result there, we think on the things that's covered by that rate case, we can earn our allowed return. The reason we say, we won't fully be earning our allowed return until 2015, we've got to get the Gas Transmission & Storage case done, as well. And again, the caveat is we need a reasonable result. But it is still our objective to, after those cases are done, to be able to earn our allowed return overall for the company.
Anthony F. Earley: Kit, let me start off and maybe Tom Bottorff might want to add to it. But with respect to the San Bruno proceedings, there the real indicator was comments that President Peevey made publicly that he expected a proposed decision sometime towards the end of February. And so that's out of our hands. I think we we've got to take him at his word that, that's the best estimate right now out there. That, that decision would come out from the ALJ in that timeframe. The GRC proceeding, we went through that proceeding. We thought it went in very well. And I think just based upon feedback that we've gotten -- that we still think we're going to get something in the first quarter. I don't know, Tom, whether you want to add anything to that.
Anthony F. Earley: Oh, it absolutely has been a focus of ours. A lot of what we've done kind of gets masked by all of the San Bruno-related costs. But in my almost 2.5 years there, one of the key drivers that I pushed is a very aggressive, continuous improvement program and we're starting to deliver results in the organization. Our electrical organization has done some terrific work in trying to get costs down so that we eat inflationary costs as they occur. You'll start to see our efficiencies in our gas business have improved. The first year, we were doing our PSEP program, we were really scrambling to get work done. Because we have kind of the commitment to get it done now, we've got a long-range plan. We've got partnerships with a number of different contractors that's bringing our unit costs down. So it's an area that we're intensely focused on. And I think these are programs that take multiple years but we're all starting to see the benefits, and you'll see the benefits going forward in the future.
Kent M. Harvey: Yes. Brian, this is Kent. Yes, we have this overall estimate that we've had of unrecovered gas costs. That includes both past, as well as going forward that we've committed to. And you're correct, our total, previously, was around $2.4 billion and our updated total was $2.7 billion. And I'll just say this number is prominent in our press release because we want to make sure that everyone understands the level of expenditures that we have and continue to make. The biggest piece, really, in the change was triggered by our Gas Transmission and Storage case filing that we made late last year. We made the decision when we did that filing to not seek recovery of 2 types of costs. One is hydrostatic testing for new or vintage pipe, which had been an issue that had been already addressed by the California Commission in the PSEP case, and we decided for post-61 pipe that we weren't going to file for cost recovery of that testing going forward. And that's roughly $25 million a year in 2015, '16 and '17 during the rate case period. And then, we also made a similar decision to not seek recovery of some remedial corrosion work that we identified that we're actually doing this year but it will continue through 2017, again, the GT&S rate case period. And that is roughly $25 million a year as well. So those are really the biggest drivers of the change. We have also updated some other items in our estimates here and there as we do each quarter and those are reflected in our 2014 numbers that I went through on the call.
Kent M. Harvey: Jonathan, this is Kent. The items that you're referring to, the other factors I was describing, those we plan on just continuing to handle through our operations. So no change there. They've been in our operations this year and they will next year, as well.
Kent M. Harvey: No. Sorry, I was misunderstanding you. For, yes, for the corrosion and the post-61 pipe, those -- once we get to the GT&S case for next year, we'd expect those to be in operations. The corrosion already is in operations. We haven't been putting that in our item impacting comparability. We see that as just our normal operations there.
Kent M. Harvey: Well once -- if we actually got all the change in depreciation that we requested, it could affect us a couple of hundred million dollars in terms of equity needs. That depends on getting the full ask and I think it will really depend on where the commission comes out. And obviously, we -- it's not going to be at the beginning of the year but once we get into the year, we would start making the adjustments. But again, you're right, our guidance assumes no change in our depreciation rates.
Kent M. Harvey: Yes, that's correct. That tail, as we've said, is about $100 million a year through 2015. And we know that -- excuse me, through 2017, and we know that, that's out there for a few more years.
Kent M. Harvey: That is my expectation. That, that item we flagged as an item impacting comparability. It will continue until we complete the project.
Kent M. Harvey: That's correct, Steve. It's all of our operating under earning. It excludes, obviously, the item impacting comparability.
Kent M. Harvey: Steve, I never know until I actually see what plays out. But my expectation would be that we're more likely to give guidance once we have both factors resolved.
Kent M. Harvey: Yes, Steve. This is one that I know I've been talking with investors about for some time now. We try to just put in the slide, a summary of how different factors have different impacts on equity issuance because we sense that some people have struggled with this, and so we thought this would be helpful. So I think everyone's pretty clear that a fine that went to the general fund would not be tax-deductible so it's a one-for-one impact on our equity issuance and that's why we show 100%. I think most people expect that our unrecovered expenses will be tax-deductible and, therefore, you see a 60% impact on our equity issuance. The capital write-off, which is a phenomenon we've experienced lately has confused people. And in this case, when we've already spent capital, as we did previously, and then had to write it off, as in the PSEP, because we'd already financed the capital itself, it actually has 1/2 the impact. So you're getting down to only a 30%. In other words, it's both tax-deductible but we'd already financed the cash, so it's essentially a noncash write-off at that point. And so we just wanted to lay that out because some people were struggling with their equity issuance estimates and we thought this might be helpful.
Kent M. Harvey: Well, Julien, what's not encompassed is the resolution of the gas investigations in general. So this essentially reflects the guidance that I provided today on our item impacting comparability for gas matters. But to the extent there are other disallowed costs -- could be fines, but could be just disallowed costs, those would be incremental to these equity needs.
Kent M. Harvey: Well, this is Kent, and I guess I would say, what still is a fact not in evidence is just the outcome of the Gas Transmission & Storage case. Those are the costs that we have not sought recovery of. Now we actually need to get a balanced outcome out of that proceeding so that we can actually true-up our cost and revenues. And that's probably the biggest issue that we just don't have a lot of visibility yet, too, just because the case is early on.
Kent M. Harvey: Well I think what -- this is Kent. I think what's really been going on, the area where we've had kind of a delay in the capital additions has been electric transmission, and I'm sure we're not unique in the industry in terms of those projects tend to be somewhat unpredictable, timing-wise. And that's really the area where there's been the biggest part of that phenomenon. And that can have some impact on CWIP, there's no doubt about it, but I wouldn't say that, that's going to be dramatic. And again, it's kind of a nearer-term issue, it's not an ongoing issue that we see in our numbers in terms of the true-up.
Kent M. Harvey: Sorry, so what I was saying about the higher capital expenditures is previously, when we showed our capital expenditures for 2014, we didn't have the unrecovered PSEP costs in there. And our concern with that, those are expenditures that we're making and so, obviously, they affect our cash flows. And everyone needs to understand that, but they're not actually going to be in CWIP and go into rate base because of the PSEP cost cap. And that's really the biggest driver that caused the capital expenditure change for 2014.
Kent M. Harvey: Well, what I would say in terms of how you ought to think about it for 2014 was just, in general, I think it's reasonable for you to assume that, roughly, we target a similar ROE for the electric transmission business as we do have authorized for the rest of our business by the California PUC. So I think that's the reasonable assumption.
Kent M. Harvey: I don't think it was dramatically different from our authorized levels at the PUC. Same order of magnitude.
Kent M. Harvey: We ultimately settled that prior transmission owner case so -- and it was only in effect for a limited amount of time during 2013.
Kent M. Harvey: Yes, you're right. The first part of the year, we probably earned somewhat less than our authorized return. You're correct, Michael, as I dial back to the beginning of the year. So yes, we probably came in a little less than we would've liked to have from an authorized perspective.
Kent M. Harvey: Yes, that really won't get resolved until we get to the end of 2014 or 2015. So I think it'd be unrealistic to expect that to be closed out for us.
Kent M. Harvey: This is Kent. It's very fact-specific and so it's not completely black and white. And the issue happens when, in our case, if you had a regulator that essentially put forth unrecovered expenses as the equivalent or in lieu of a fine. And that's where there's some question. Would the IRS look through that and question, is it really just a fine. And that's really where the issue comes up about whether or not it's tax-deductible, and so that's why it's very fact-specific.
Kent M. Harvey: That's our sort of working thought about this. It really is going to ultimately depend on the commission's final decision.
Thomas E. Bottorff: Yes, this is Tom Bottorff. We have not yet made the request but we expect to do so later this month. And the precedent for doing so has really been established in General Rate Cases, where we did just in this last case, made a similar request and the commission authorized retroactive approval, assuming a delay would be in effect. So we are going to follow the same process with the GT&S proceeding and file that motion, and we'll see if the commission approves it in the same way.
Thomas E. Bottorff: Yes, this is Tom Bottorff. According to the commission's rules of practice and procedures, the proceeding was closed officially in mid-October of last year. What you're referring to, a letter of submission, maybe an internal process that the judges have and have in place to notify the Chief ALJ when they plan to be able to finish and complete their proposed decisions. But that is just an internal process and it may or may not apply to every proceeding, but there's nothing beyond the existing rules of practice and procedure that identify that or discuss it. So from our perspective, the proceeding was officially closed in mid-October of last year.
Thomas E. Bottorff: Yes. This is Tom Bottorff again. The current schedule calls for the utilities to submit their proposals in compliance with some of the directives called out in AB 327 to be submitted on February 28. So at that point in time, you'll see proposals to probably reduce the number of tiers, change the differentials between the tiers, introduce fixed charges if the utility believes that's appropriate, and other alternatives. So you should see those proposals, again, at the end of this month.
Thomas E. Bottorff: Yes, this is Tom Bottorff. Once the PODs are issued, parties have 30 days to respond, those are called appeals. So every party in the proceeding can file an appeal if they so choose. And then after the end of the 30-day period, parties have 15 days to respond. Once that 45-day period passes, then that decision is up to the commission to issue and there's no specific timeframe on how long they have to issue it. So that's where the timeframe becomes a bit more uncertain.
Thomas E. Bottorff: They, historically, have been pretty hard and fast. I can't recall of an example where those have been changed. That doesn't mean they can't be but, typically, those have been pretty much the standard.
Thomas E. Bottorff: That depends probably on the level of comments and protests that are filed. Again, these are called appeals. But certainly if there are no comments or appeals, the decision can move out very quickly. If there are complicated issues that the commission feels it need to address by modifying the decision, that could take a bit longer. So it's hard to predict right now but it's going to take, at least, a month after the PODs and it's hard to predict how much longer than that.
