Anthony F. Earley Jr.: Thanks, Janet, and good morning, everyone. I'm going to start with some opening remarks, and then turn it over to Chris and Kent to provide more detail on both operational and financial issues. As you know, we received a final penalty decision in the gas transmission pipeline investigations earlier this month, which is a significant milestone. Following the San Bruno accident, we worked hard to do the right thing for the victims, their families and the community of San Bruno. We've dedicated ourselves to becoming the safest and most reliable utility in the country. We've been working to build a culture across the company that supports this mission, and we've completed an unprecedented level of work to improve the safety of our systems, much of it funded by our shareholders. So although the final penalty assessed by the Commission is the largest in state history and certainly one of the largest in the country, we've decided not to appeal. We just don't feel that prolonging the proceeding is in anyone's interest. As we move forward, I can assure you that the lessons from San Bruno will continue to guide us. The San Bruno accident has changed the way we look at everything, from the way we plan what work we do to the way we execute and document work in the field. Safety starts at the top. It also requires the unequivocal commitment of every employee. My management team, our employees and the unions who represent them have all made that commitment, and safety has been at the heart of our decisions and actions over the last several years. I want to acknowledge that we still have a number of proceedings outstanding. On the legal front, a trial date in the federal criminal case has been set for March 8, 2016. As you know, state and federal prosecutors have been investigating potential ex parte communications with the CPUC as well. There are also still several investigations at the Commission, including a new investigation of our safety culture that President Picker announced at the last Commission meeting. And in fact, we welcome a conversation about safety at PG&E. We're proud of the work we've done to date and we know we still have a lot of work to do to re-earn the trust of our customers and the Commission. Over the past several years, we've hired some of the best experts in the country to help guide our efforts. Adding to that list, this spring, we announced that we've hired Julie Kane as our new Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer, reporting directly to me. Julie has deep compliance experience, largely in the highly regulated pharmaceutical industry, and her mandate is to work with our Board of Directors and our leadership team to build a best-in-class compliance program. As Chris will discuss, we had another solid quarter in our operations. We're in the third year of a rigorous risk assessment program that we used to develop our five-year operational plan. And I've been really pleased to see that these plans become more robust every year. And we continue to see strong opportunities for growth as we work to build a better California. In both gas and electric operations, we'll continue to upgrade the system with a focus on reducing risk and enhancing safety and reliability through physical improvements like replacing pipes and wires and using technology to respond to our customers' changing needs. We're also working on an integrated clean energy plan, which we believe will offer strong support for Governor Brown's vision for reducing carbon emissions. In the coming years, we expect to see continued investment opportunities to support the interactive Grid of Things. This will facilitate the state's increasing reliance on intermittent renewables, electric vehicles, demand-side management tools and energy storage. We have a number of proceedings pending at the Commission to address these changes to the electric grid, and you can expect to see more about this in the future. So with that, let me turn it over to Chris.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: Yeah, let me take the first piece, and I'll let Chris talk about the Fresno event. So with respect to the first issue, the commentary around the issuance of the OII, clearly it tells us we have a lot of work to do to build trust and a relationship at the Commission. And we've had restrictions placed on us, but it's our intent to have the maximum amount of communications with the Commission at all levels that are appropriate, consistent with all of the restrictions. And that's one of the things we know we need to work on. We're proud of the work we've done, and we think we need to spend more time sharing some of the things that we've done, and time will tell whether we're able to develop that sort of trusting relationship. With that, let me ask Chris to comment on the incident that occurred in Fresno.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: Well, we obviously recognize the dividend is an important piece of how shareholders value us, and it's my intention to start having those discussions with our Board. And as I said in the past, my focus is to get our payout ratio in line with those of our peers. Obviously, we'll have to talk about the timing with our Board, but we're going to be starting those discussions. It will take some time to take all the variables into account, but we understand that's very important.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: Yeah, I'm not going to go into the details of our agenda for our Board meetings, but I think it's fair to say this will be one of our priorities to discuss.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: Yeah, Hugh, I think that covers the list that we're aware of. I'm looking at Hyun Park, our General Counsel. I think he's accurately covered the list.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: And remember, the $1.13 billion is the alternative fine provision where you calculate either gain that we got or losses that were incurred. But of course, with respect to that, we settled all of the civil cases, so they're – arguably there are no losses left to cover. Certainly, there wasn't gain to the company. I mean, look at the size of this penalty and you'd know that there was no gain to the company. So if you go back to the fundamental provisions of the Pipeline Safety Act under which that case was brought, the fines I think are $500,000 a count, and there are 20-some counts, and so you can run the numbers that way, as what we believe would be a more likely – if in fact there is liability, which of course we contest fairly strongly.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: Yeah, that's one – the case is just getting under way. We can't even give you an order of magnitude of what might come out of that, if in fact there is any liability at all.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: And again, it's very early. I mean, the way I heard it, it sounds like a different type of investigation around what we've done with respect to our safety culture. And as I said before, that's an area we actually feel very good about. We've spent a lot of effort on safety culture issues, starting with doing some very significant benchmarking of other companies to look at what they do, and I will tell you that we've learned a lot from that benchmark, but we also learned that we compare quite favorably to our peers with respect to what we're doing. We hired a number of third-party experts to come in and look at safety culture, from a former head of the NTSB to Lloyd's Registry (sic) [Register] (48:24) in London who's done work under ISO 55000, and things like changing our discipline policy to encourage employees to identify safety issues, to a program to identify near-hits, as we call them, on safety. That has greatly expanded our understanding of where the rifts are in the company. And a number of other things; training of all of our leaders on safety culture. So we've done a lot that hasn't shown up in specific proceedings, and we think this will be an opportunity at some point when the OII gets underway to talk about what we've done.
Anthony F. Earley Jr.: You know, I think that what our recent decisions show is we want to aggressively defend the shareholders' interests, but at some point certainty is in the shareholders' interest. And that was kind of behind our decision not to appeal the San Bruno OIIs, even though there were some issues we thought might be appealable. In the end, it was better to have certainty so we can continue to focus on improving the system. We're always open to settlements in these cases. We're not open to admitting to things that just didn't occur. I think that's our position in the criminal case, that we don't see anyone who didn't – who made any intentional decisions to violate the Pipeline Safety Act. But we will continue to look for opportunities to get certainty by resolving some of these proceedings.
Christopher P. Johns: Thanks, Tony, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin my remarks with an update on our operations, and then touch on some additional regulatory developments. I'm going to start with safety, which is fundamental to the work that our crews do every day. Over the past few years, we've worked to create an environment where all employees feel comfortable speaking up when something doesn't look right or they identify a potential safety risk. We were gratified to see that this was one of the areas where we received the most positive feedback in our employee survey last year. By encouraging this "find it and fix it" mindset and recognizing employees who do speak up or stop jobs when safety is a concern, we're identifying and addressing issues early. We measure ourselves on a set of safety metrics associated with both public and employee safety, and you can see several of those in our appendix in the slide deck. For example, we target responding to emergency gas calls within 21 minutes. During the first quarter, we had responders on site within an average of less than 20 minutes. That's a level of performance toward the very top of the industry. On the electric side, we target improvement every year in the number of sustained outages caused by downed wires. In the first quarter of this year, our results showed a nearly 25% improvement. Over the past five years, safety metrics have been an increasing component of our variable compensation plan. In gas operations, we continue to do significant work on our pipeline system, testing, replacing and automating components. For several years, we have been diligently addressing the recommendations made by the NTSB following the San Bruno accident. The NTSB has closed 9 of the 12 recommendations. The remaining three recommendations, which involve strength testing, valve installation and control room procedures, are longer-term multi-year efforts, and they continue to be on track. In electric operations, we continue to see strong reliability performance, with our customers experiencing fewer and shorter outages. And the California ISO awarded us two of the three competitive transmission projects we submitted bids for last year, both of which are in our service territory. As California enters its fourth year of drought, we're working hard to help the state meet this challenge by reducing water usage at our own facilities, encouraging customers to conserve by offering rebates for more efficient washers and agricultural pumps. We're stepping up our vegetation management activities to mitigate wildfire risk and improve access for firefighters, and we're managing water in our own hydro system to help meet the peak load this summer. Shifting to regulatory matters, as Tony mentioned, the Commission issued a $1.6 billion final penalty decision in the gas transmission pipeline investigation, and Kent will take you through the specific components of that in a minute. The Commission also announced two new investigations, one on regulatory communications and one on our safety culture. The work we've undertaken to improve our safety culture over the past 4.5 years has been informed by significant benchmarking and input from experts from the outside, and we look forward to the opportunity to share our progress with the Commission. Moving to the Gas Transmission and Storage rate case, we completed hearings in March. PG&E presented a strong case informed by a detailed risk assessment of the assets across our system. The next steps are opening briefs, which will be filed today, and then reply briefs on May 20. The current schedule calls for a final decision in the rate case in August of 2015, with revenues retroactive to January 1. It's unclear at this point how the final penalty decision will impact this schedule. Last week, we received a proposed decision in the Residential Rate Reform proceeding at the Commission. The proposed decision acknowledges the need for fundamental rate reform and recommends reducing residential tiers from four to two over the next few years. However, we were disappointed that it failed in the near-term to adopt monthly charges to recover fixed costs. Fixed charges are a common element of many utilities' rates, and we continue to believe they can be implemented with minimal impact to customers and that the time is right to adopt them in California. We'll be filing comments on the proposed decision in May. And finally, as we look forward, in September of this year we'll be filing our next General Rate Case, which will set forth our plans for gas and electric distribution and generation from 2017 through 2019. So with that, I'll turn it over to Kent.
Christopher P. Johns: Yeah, hi, Steve. First of all, our hearts are out for the victims – or the folks that were injured there, and we always are concerned about making sure that we're doing what we can to increase our public safety. Obviously, we did not have anybody that was on-site when the accident occurred, and so we don't know exactly what happened, but we do know some things. First of all, we do know that there was no 811 call made for that area where work was being done. We do know that there were a couple pipeline markers in place right around where the accident occurred. We do know that there was earth-moving construction equipment that was present at the time of the incident. Also, we know that we've surveyed that area several times over the last several months. We do it about every two weeks, both with walking by and flying over, and in fact, we had photos from the day before when we had last surveyed that, and did not see any construction going on at that time. So we've been – worked with the CPUC, who is the lead regulatory agency on this item and on the investigation as to what happened, and they've authorized us to hire Exponent, who is a third party, to perform a thorough analysis of the damaged pipe so that we can determine exactly what did happen there, and that'll be available in the next month or so. So that's where we're at with that.
Christopher P. Johns: Dan, this is Chris. We will start that process. We are doing our annual planning process which is a look out for five years, and so there's some beginning of that spend during that five year plan on the Grid of Things, and that will feed into what we'll have in the GRC. I don't think in this GRC we see some huge explosion of investments there, but you'll start to see some investments in some of the ideas. Don't forget, we've already made huge investments in our Grid of Things with our SmartMeter program and with a lot of the switches, the Cornerstone program, a lot of that has already laid out the foundation for where we're going to go with it.
Kent M. Harvey: Yeah, Steve, and let me get to that. Let me just make sure everybody's got the overall picture clearly, which is that the range is higher than we previously said because of the impact of the final penalty decision, but these other factors, mainly cash flows, have somewhat mitigated the overall increase. And our cash flows have improved somewhat, and those do reduce our financing requirements. And really, a key factor is within our balancing account activities, and in particular, our energy procurement costs, which are lower primarily due to lower gas prices. They've stayed very low this year, lower than was reflected in previous expectations. And then the other thing is really kind of timing of our CapEx and our other expenditures. And together, those have really improved the cash flow forecast and reduced our requirement. Those will essentially normalize over time and play out over what is usually a several year period, particularly balancing account stuff gets trued up usually over a several year period.
Kent M. Harvey: Yeah, the key thing I would rely on is slide 20 that has our equity factors. I think you'll be able to essentially take the components in the final penalty decision and translate them into financing requirements. And I'll just say, we haven't provided guidance for equity issuance beyond this year, and I don't plan to today, but I'll kind of – I can give you some observations about it overall. I think you know our equity needs are a function of a lot of variables in any one period, but two key ones are our capital expenditure levels and then our unrecovered costs and penalties, and that latter one can affect both our capital structure and our cash flow. And so it can trigger equity needs at different times, and that's really what this slide 20 helps you sort through. In terms of those two factors, I'll just make the observation on the CapEx front we expect 2016 to be pretty comparable to 2015, and you have those numbers. In terms of the penalties, we estimate that about two-thirds of our equity needs associated with the final penalty decision will be addressed this year as compared to next year, and you should be able to derive that using the equity factors that we've put in slide 20. The only other thing I'll say, I'll just remind you that all of this depends on how the disallowed safety-related expenditures end up being treated in the Gas Transmission rate case, and we just won't know that for a while yet.
Kent M. Harvey: Dan, this is Kent. Yeah, that is our requirement is a 52% minimum equity, common equity ratio at the utility. And there isn't a whole lot at the corporate level, so I think that's an appropriate assumption.
Kent M. Harvey: Dan, just one other thing. Just remember, when you do the calculations, you exclude short-term debt. That's not included as part of the authorized capital structure.
Kent M. Harvey: Those are the two primary drivers that I've articulated on the call, so I could see how you come to that conclusion.
Kent M. Harvey: Anthony, this is Kent. I don't want to get into providing guidance for 2016, and so I'm a little tentative about how to respond to that. But I indicated before on one of the earlier questions that the CapEx profile is the same, so that basic underlying driver will look very comparable. And then what you'll want to do is look at differences in some of the other variables that affect our equity needs, one of which obviously is unrecovered costs or fines and penalties. And I think we've laid out the data for you to do that pretty well today.
Kent M. Harvey: No, they're not. So these are the components that were included in the PUC's final penalty decision. I separately went through in the guidance for our items impacting comparability: the impact of the rights of way work as well as there's some remaining PSEP work. And then I also indicated in the guidance for earnings from operations the assumptions there that the additional gas-related costs that we've not sought recovery for, which are certain corrosion work as well as certain hydrostatic testing work, that we expected that to average about $50 million a year for each of the three years, that that would be embedded in our earnings from operations.
Kent M. Harvey: So let me parse through those two. In the first comment you made, which was your conclusion that we don't need equity needs associated with the first $200 million that we accrued a while back, that's actually not quite the case. And when you look at the equity factors, because to date that's been a non-cash accrual, roughly half of that essentially has been financed and...
Kent M. Harvey: ...the remaining half gets financed at the time we actually pay the fine. So there is some remaining need that comes from that fine payable, the original $200 million.
Kent M. Harvey: Well, what I would suggest you think about is go to our old guidance for equity, look at – which did not include any of the equity needs associated with the final penalty decision, use the equity factors on slide 20 to estimate what the incremental equity needs are. And there'll be a difference between that and the guidance that we're currently giving you for our overall equity needs, and one of the key drivers of that will be those factors related to cash flows.
Kent M. Harvey: Yeah, so this is Kent. I'd suggest you focus on slide 7. And on slide 7, essentially the math you just went through is for all intents and purposes the upper part of the chart and the lower left part of the chart, you did the math on it. The other part though is the lower right part of the chart, the other factors affecting our earnings from operations. And I sort of gave commentary on each of those factors. The biggest driver is related to the net benefits of the repairs, the tax benefit. And we've indicated that we would expect it this year to have an impact that's comparable, same order of magnitude to last year when it was $0.24 a share.
Kent M. Harvey: Hugh, this is Kent. I think what they said that they would fine us up to 5 months of whatever the ultimate revenue increase coming out of the case is, and we don't know what that is yet.
Kent M. Harvey: This is Kent. We will be providing you with numbers when we get to the fall. I would say our observations is that we are doing a lot of infrastructure investment, essentially hardening our system, replacing a lot of stuff that was put in post-World War II and so forth. And we don't expect that program to finish by the time we're done with 2016, so we'll continue to see I think a healthy CapEx profile going forward. But we're not prepared to actually provide you numbers at this point until we finish up on our GRC filing.
Kent M. Harvey: No, there isn't. As I indicated before, we're still evaluating our options for the financing, and that's with respect to about the timing and the approach.
Kent M. Harvey: Well, Travis, this is Kent again. I think if you look last year, our net debt issuance was about $1.4 billion. That's net of maturities, and that's probably not far off from what we've done the last several years. So I would say similar order of magnitude, given similar CapEx program. We have a little bit higher CapEx this year. So similar profile, but we're not going to be talking about timing until we're closer to actually starting a transaction.
Kent M. Harvey: Yeah, it's essentially over the period during which the capital structure is authorized. So for us, it's over this cost of capital period which has been – essentially will end up being a four-year period right now.
Kent M. Harvey: Michael, this is Kent, and we are in general, as you know, for these unrecovered fines and penalties, we've been saying that primarily we're relying on equity issuance. And over the past couple years, I've had conversations with investors and certainly with you about options such as mandatory converts, for example. But I will say at this point, I think that option is probably less likely now, just given the size of our remaining equity need for this year.
Kent M. Harvey: So, yeah, the equity options that we have used in the past include our internal programs, which are both the DRIP and the 401(k) program. We typically have issued roughly $300 million a year from those programs. We have had a continuous equity offering, and we have a program there for $500 million, and I believe in the first quarter, we did approximately $80 million of that through the dribble program. So those are the two components you are relying on – or you are referencing.
Kent M. Harvey: That's correct. Of course, the continuous equity offering is not limited to $500 million, that's just our current program, and we've actually renewed that program several times over the last few years.
Kent M. Harvey: You know, I think I've had several folks take a run at me on that one on this call, and I think I pretty much laid out how you can get rough estimates of the various factors driving our equity previously on the Q&A, and I'll...
Kent M. Harvey: There are a lot of factors and complexity in all of our various balancing accounts, so I think that actually if you're starting with those numbers on the balance sheet, you could spend a lot of time trying to figure out the timing during which different ones amortize, and I'm not sure they get you where you really need to be. So I would suggest a simpler way is to go back to our prior estimates of equity, look at the new estimates of equity, and look at our equity factors for the fines and penalties, and you'll at least know how much the equity factors are driving the change from our prior estimate to our new estimate. And...
Kent M. Harvey: ...any difference you see there, I've indicated on the call a significant driver of that has been our cash flows forecast.
Hyun Park: Sure. This is Hyun Park. So we made four motions for discovery of various materials. So for example, the government is obligated to provide us with what's called Brady materials. Those are evidence that are favorable to the company, and so we've asked for discovery of those materials, as well as certain portions of the grand jury transcript. And we've also asked for witness interview notes, as well as recordings of interviews. And we've also asked them to specify what other acts or incidents that they intend to introduce at trial. And so, all of this will get heard according to the current schedule on June 1 at the federal court.
Hyun Park: Hugh, and Tony mentioned earlier that the State AG as well as the federal prosecutors are looking at ex parte issues, so that investigation is still ongoing.
Hyun Park: So, Hugh, if you do the math under the more conventional fine method, it's $500,000 per count, 28 counts, so that adds up to I believe $14 million.
Hyun Park: Yeah. And then they've alleged the alternative fines, which Tony described. And by the way, some of this is discussed in some of the motions that we filed on Monday, so you can see some of the discussion on that.
Dinyar B. Mistry: This is Dinyar Mistry, the Controller. We expect the repairs flow through rate making to continue in the next General Rate Case, and so it should have a similar order of magnitude on our effective tax rate. What you have been seeing in this year, the $0.24 that Kent mentioned, is the difference between the repairs that was forecasted in the last General Rate Case and the repairs that we are experiencing as we file our tax returns, but that should be trued-up in the 2017 rate case.
Dinyar B. Mistry: No. 35% is the statutory rate. If you go to our financial statements at the end of last year, you'll see that our effective rate was roughly 20%, and it should be probably similar. I don't know how it's going to shake out because it is a technical calculation. But it does not mean that there's a benefit to the bottom line because there's an associated reduction on the revenue side.
Dinyar B. Mistry: I think the better way to think about it is that there is no benefit or harm from the effective tax rate being different from the statutory tax rate. It's just a calculation.
Dinyar B. Mistry: So, this is Dinyar Mistry again, the Controller, and let's just go through the components of the penalty that you see on slide 20. And if you look at that, the fine payable to the State general fund is not tax deductible, but we continue to believe the other disallowances included in the Commission's final decision are tax deductible.
