Gabriel B. Togneri: Thanks, Monique. Hello, everyone, and thanks for joining us on our call. Before you hear from Tony Earley, Chris Johns and Kent Harvey, let me remind you that our discussion will include forward-looking statements based on assumptions and expectations reflecting information currently available to management. Some of the important factors that could affect the company's results are described in Exhibit 1, located in the appendix of today's slides. And we encourage you to review the discussion of risk factors that appears in the 2011 Annual Report and in the Form 10-Q that we'll file with the SEC later today. And with that, I'll hand it over to Tony.
Gabriel B. Togneri: I think I'd also remind -- this is Gabe. I'd remind everybody that we have said over the last few years, we've had a number of sort of overhanging tax issues that we had settled from many years ago. Those are being worked down very rapidly, and we would expect that we would not have that level of tax issues to be working through in the future.
Gabriel B. Togneri: Paul, this is Gabe. It's really just our attempt to make sure that we're adequately covering everything in our disclosures, and specifically with these risk factors.
Gabriel B. Togneri: Yes. Michael, on the generator settlements, there's really no news there other than what we said, I believe, on our last 10-K. And I think as everybody who's followed us knows, there is an overhang of several hundred million dollars or more that will require financing if all of the remaining generator claims that haven't been settled were settled all at once. That's fairly unlikely. We're having small settlements over time. But at some point, what remains will probably have to be decided by FERC.
Gabriel B. Togneri: All right. In that case, I will wish everybody a safe day. Please stay inside and make sure you and your family are protected. Thanks very much.
Anthony F. Earley: Thanks, Gabe, and good morning, everyone. Before I start, I know many of you are on the east coast and I want to urge you to make sure that you're in a safe location, and please don't try and travel until the storm passes and we -- you know the extent of it. EEI has activated its storm response network. The industry is mobilizing all possible resources, including west coast resources. PG&E is looking at what we can do to help, along with the other west coast utilities. This could be a very major event. So please make sure you are careful and stay safe. My comments this morning will be brief, and then I'll turn it over to Chris and Kent. On Slide 2, as you've seen before, our focus is on 3 priorities: resolving the gas issues, positioning the company for long-term success and rebuilding relationships. I'm pleased to report we continue to make progress in these areas, including improvements throughout all of our operations, and we continue to be focused on the key stakeholders, especially customers. Given recent events, however, our call today will primarily cover gas issues, starting with our Pipeline Safety Enhancement Plan. We're disappointed with the proposed decision we received on the PSEP filing because, among other things, it failed to reflect the fact that much of this work is driven by new standards and requirements and that good engineering and planning practices include contingency plans in such complex operations, and Chris is going to elaborate more on this point. As it stands, the proposed decision is punitive and, with cost already incurred, represents more than $1 billion in unrecovered costs, without even factoring how the investigations will be resolved. We believe that the resolution of the investigations and the resolution of the PSEP rulemaking should be viewed in conjunction with each other to resolve in an appropriate conclusion. This is going to be the primary focus as we participate in continuing settlement discussions. I want to emphasize, we are still committed to the settlement discussions, and we still believe in the involvement -- that the involvement of a mediator is the best way to bring the parties together in what have been complex and protracted discussions. As always, our work to resolve the gas proceedings will not distract us from our obligation to deliver safe, reliable and affordable gas and electric service to our customers. So with that, let me turn it over to Chris to go into some of these things in detail.
Anthony F. Earley: So let me reiterate a few points before we go to the Q&A. I want to assure you, we are totally committed to resolving the outstanding regulatory issues, the 3 investigations and the rulemaking associated with our Gas Transmission business. We believe it's in everyone's best interest to reach a conclusion as soon as possible and move forward with the important work to improve the system that we've already begun without the ongoing hearings, briefings and other activities that divert resources from the primary task at hand. If we can't settle these proceedings in a global way, it will be months before we get a final decision in all of them, and I know that's frustrating to you. But I still believe the commissioners know that we're working on the right things and that we need to be financially sound to complete that work successfully. So with that, let's move to the Q&A.
Anthony F. Earley: I've given up predicting time frames. I have said often, I wanted to try and get the proceedings behind us by the end of the year. I guess until December 31, we could still get an agreement in principle. It -- now it's probably unlikely to get the agreement and get it through the regulatory approval process with just 2 months left in the year. But I think the important piece is getting the parties together, and we do believe that given the complexity and the multiple parties that all have different interests, that getting a mediator would be helpful. The discussions around George Mitchell, if you read a lot of the filings, were not an objection as such to a mediator. It was about the process of selecting that particular mediator, even though his credentials were superb. And so we're -- we've gotten back to the parties and suggested that let's see if we can get another mediator.
Anthony F. Earley: Yes. I'm not going to comment on the specific timetable of any meetings, Jonathan. But I can tell you, I mean, there isn't a day that goes by that we're not working that issue.
Anthony F. Earley: Well, I think we'll take your comments in the transcript and use that as our brief because those are exactly the points that we'll make. We think that's inappropriate. If the work is work that we ought to be doing and that we're going to get recovery of, then we ought to get recovery, full recovery of it, including a allowed return on equity on that, and we'll be making that point of not only -- we won't wait for appeal. We'll wait -- we'll make that point when we go to the commission. Remember this is a proposed decision. And we'll be making our points with the commission, and then they'll make their decision.
Anthony F. Earley: Well, I'll start off with that second part of that question. It was the CPUC's process selection and contacted the Senator, not the utility. And I'll let Tom comment on the procedural schedule going forward.
Anthony F. Earley: All we can read into is -- if you saw some of their public statements objecting to Senator Mitchell, and a number of the public statements and letters specifically said they don't have a problem with a mediator, I guess it was the selection process for the Senator that they were concerned with. And so we will be now raising the issue of, okay, are there other mediators, and of course, there are dozens and dozens of very successful mediators out there. And we'll suggest the -- there's a process that we ought to go through and select one.
Anthony F. Earley: Yes. I'm very hopeful that it will. And it's stayed right on schedule. The utilities -- everyone just filed their briefs last week. So it's chugging along. It's a fairly straightforward proceeding really, and we are hopeful that we'll have a final decision on phase 1 by year end.
Anthony F. Earley: Well, I think we have disclosure. We're actually making progress in getting the approvals to do the seismic testing. So we're moving in the right direction there.
Kent M. Harvey: Michael, this is Kent. Yes, the cumulative CapEx for -- under the PSEP program through the end of Q3 was $187 million CapEx. So that number's been updated. You're right. Our original plan shown on Slide 9 here would approach $450 million, and we may not get there completely by year end. But we are going to have a significantly higher number than the $187 million by the end of year. Whatever the number, a significant portion would be written off if the PD were approved. Obviously, we're still kind of working through the details of the PD.
Kent M. Harvey: Michael, that's right. It is a timing issue, and the work was more tilted towards the latter half of the year rather than early in the year.
Kent M. Harvey: You know we haven't updated any rate base estimates based on the PD, Jonathan. We just have sort of the original filing. You probably can back into it by just kind of looking at what the proposed decision would disallow, but we've not actually done that.
Kent M. Harvey: Brian, that's correct. This is Kent. And essentially, the main driver here is the pressure testing. And I think we've talked in the past, on prior calls, that our unit costs there have been in excess of $1 million a mile and our filing, including the contingency, was more in the range of $600,000 per mile. So when you apply that to about 350 miles we have planned for 2013 and 2014, you get a number, an increment, above that $130 million that's about equivalent to that amount.
Kent M. Harvey: Jim, this is Kent. We don't exactly provide guidance on our tax -- effective tax rate in future years. But obviously, the last few years have been very unusual with bonus depreciation, very, very unusual. And at some point, we will see that kind of get back to normal going forward. I think the other thing is just, going forward, we do have a lot of questions about what will tax policy be. We don't know whether or not bonus will be continued beyond this year. But then there's lots of other proposals out there for tax policy. So that one's going to be a tough one to wrap our minds around at this point.
Kent M. Harvey: Travis, this is Kent. We did have experience back in the '90s where the PUC authorized all the utilities to have a lower return on other generation assets, and that's the one that comes to mind for me.
Kent M. Harvey: I don't know that that decision at the time was appealed by the utilities. It was all part of industry restructuring at the time, wrapped into a very complex dynamic going on in regulation.
Kent M. Harvey: Well, the proposed decision essentially has similar capital to what we had planned, and it essentially says, "Go ahead and get the work done. You just won't get recovery of all your capital." And on the expense side, again, it's get the work done without the contingencies that you need to complete the expense amount. I would say on the margin, the impact of the proposed decision, because of the disallowances, on the margin, it will drive somewhat more equity issuance than long-term debt in order to finance the overall program. And essentially, the after tax amounts of the write-ups drive some incremental equity issuance. That's the way to think about it if you're modeling it.
Kent M. Harvey: Yes. Dan, we actually do that assessment every quarter. And essentially, the thought process we go through is we look at all the information available to us, through the regulatory process and otherwise, and to try to assess whether or not $200 million is still at the lower end of a reasonable range. And you can infer from our reporting this quarter and the quarter before and so forth that we've not had a basis for increasing that reserve to this point.
Kent M. Harvey: If you're talking about the 401(k) and dividend reinvestment, if it's that DRIP, that -- those are our internal programs and that's fine. On the dribble program, we do have authorization. But the program we have, I don't remember exactly how much is left in it, but it's something like $60 million or $70 million left. Of course, we could replace that with another program when the timing was appropriate.
Kent M. Harvey: A little different, Michael. The shortfall for expense, and for our recovery of capital, we would show as an item impacting comparability. It just gives you more transparency. You guys can keep track of the pieces that way. The ROE component that reduced return on the subsets of our rate base, which is related to the PSEP, that we would just put in earnings because that's really return rather than a cost.
Kent M. Harvey: The cash flow impact, it really only mirrored the accruals reasonably closely. I mean, there's always a little bit of a lag, but it's really for this whole house water and property purchase. And even that, there's somewhat of a lag, certainly within quarters. It's the final remediation which we've taken significant accrual for, that does not mirror the cash flows at all. The cash flows will be much more gradual on that one.
Kent M. Harvey: Well, we have been in conversations with the rating agencies once the PD from the PSEP came out. In many ways I like letting the rating agencies speak for themselves in their own reports, and obviously, people have access to the agencies themselves. I will say the way I look at the issue is it's not simplistically a numerical issue where you just look at our credit ratios. It's not that. I think the rating agencies to me it's more important to really be focusing on the overall appropriateness of the resolution of all the gas issues and whether or not that continues to signal a balanced regulatory environment in California or not. And I think that's really the key indicator that I believe the rating agencies are focused on.
Kent M. Harvey: That date is scheduled for the end of November. And whether it comes out or not depends on the status or success or progress in the negotiations that are ongoing.
