Patricia Poppe: Thank you, Chris. As we move through 2022, you can see how we are squarely focused on minimizing physical risk and financial risk. System resiliency, including our 10,000-mile undergrounding program provides long-term sustainable wildfire risk mitigation. In the near term. We continue with our engineered enhanced power line safety settings where fuel risk is high and our public safety power shutoff program during high wind events. Ultimately, we are investing in a hardened system that is resilient to the effects of climate change. To mitigate financial risk for our customers and our investors. We will continue to make the right investments affordably. We're focused on creating the culture and the capability we need, allowing us to execute on these operational and financial imperatives.  We'll keep an eye on the horizon and ensure we're making the right investments to deliver California's safe, reliable, resilient and clean energy future. That's the way we serve customers and you, our investors. On a final note, many of you came to see us last August in California this June, we're coming to see you. We hope you can join us at our Investor Day on Friday, June 10, in New York City. We look forward to seeing you there. With that, operator, please open the line for Q&A.
Patricia Poppe: Yes. Obviously, it's top of mind, Shar, and we appreciate the question. And you said it, it is early, that's the bottom line on this. I'm learning about the California legislative process, but I am assured that there's lots of opportunity for us to find a great outcome. The good news is people love undergrounding. So we're happy that the customers and our communities are responding very favorably to our proposals, and we're happy to see the progress that the team is delivering. And so I'm very confident very confident they're going to find a pathway to a really good outcome. And I'll say that even in Senate Bill 4, there are some good elements there about permitting and partnership with telecom.  There's a lot that could really be assisted legislatively. But I will also add that our plan doesn't contemplate legislation. Our plan stands on its own, and we certainly can make good progress without any legislation. And so we'll be working closely with key policymakers to make sure it's a great outcome for customers and investors.
Patricia Poppe: Yes. Well, as we've said before, Steve, we are very grateful to have talented and capable commissioners. And Alice and John were 2 great additions to the commission based on their experience and their knowledge of California energy and energy challenges. And so what we expect is their priorities are very much aligned with our own. Affordability is obviously an important topic here in California. And I think nationally as inflation is starting to pressure families affordability is an impure topic, which is what makes our simple and affordable model so important.  And it will be great for us to be able to build trust with the commission when they start to see the simple and affordable model in action as they were able to see in this GRC update that we made that showed that we could invest in undergrounding, reduce expense and keep the request about the same. That was the first sort of, I would say, public example of that simple and affordable model in action. And so we do look forward to working with the commission on making sure that our energy is affordable, safe, reliable and resilient. And so as you said, there's a lot of priorities and I'm convinced that the commission is very capable to deal with those priorities as is the team here at PG&E.
Patricia Poppe: Yes, Jonathan, great to hear your voice. We are -- we think that it's quite reasonable to expect that we'll be able to attract the capital to fund the undergrounding efforts. This filing that we made, the update to the GRC cannot be understated what we -- the message we were able to send in numbers, in dollars and cents. In fact, we can invest in undergrounding with our new capability that we're building to reduce cost here at the company.  So there's a real opportunity for us to continue to demonstrate that external funding sources are not required to deliver this. Now that's not to say that we would object if somebody wanted to help contribute things related to other parts of the wildfire expenses, for example, if there was external funding for vegetation management or some of the expense-related issues associated with our wildfire plans, I think that would be something that we were very interested in talking to people about. But we think the undergrounding investment is the right investment for customers and we can offset the cost through the expense reductions.  The other thing I'll point to is something Chris talked about in his prepared remarks, this ratio of capital to expense and what opportunity there is here at PG&E to get that ratio more in line with benchmarks. When we're at a capital to O&M ratio of 0.9, that means that we don't have the ratio right compared to benchmarks at 1.4 million. So we really think that undergrounding is a good example of how you can shift from the expense laden spending that we've been doing shift to a more permanent fix that is good for customers, a safer solution, a longer-term permanent solution investing that capital.  We think you -- the investment community and others will appreciate the value of that, and that's an important message for us to continue to send here in California and demonstrate the value of that getting that ratio right.
Patricia Poppe: Julien, it's such an important question and something that I really am thankful for our team and particularly a shout-out to all our engineers here at PG&E for the incredible work they've done I can't overstate the progress that has been made through the implementation of these engineered enhanced power line safety settings.  As we filed in our updated GRC and our wildfire mitigation plan, we've shown a dramatic risk reduction, a quantifiable risk reduction over 90% and that is a huge progress in 1 year. And so let me just hit a couple of high points about why that's true. One, these engineered settings, as we shared last year in the areas where we implemented them, we had an 80% reduction in ignitions. While this season, I'm so excited to report that we have already deployed and enable those enhanced power line safety settings in our entire high-fire threat area.  We'll be done by early next week. We did a review this week in our Wildfire command center and the engineers, we're very excited to share the progress they've made. But we're not stopping there. We're doing it in adjacent areas as well. And so we committed in our wildfire mitigation plan to have those adjacent areas done by August, but I'm happy to report, we're going to have that done in a matter of weeks, not months. And that is a very important safety backstop for our customers and being able to de-energize those lines with the contact of an animal, a tree, anything less than 1/10 of a second puts us on a new plane of safety and I just can't overstate the benefit of that to the system.  So for example, this year, we're utilizing all of these millions of simulations and data extracts that we have every day to determine, does the circuit need to be turned on today. We're thinking of this that there's no longer that we have to prepare for a wildfire season. We're going to be prepared every day, Julian. This team is going to be ready to go and we have information and data at already that allows us to make those decisions.  So for example, this year, we've already initiated EPSS on certain circuits under certain conditions, and we've had 27 outages on an EPSS-enabled circuit. In other words, we had enabled EPSS and something did, in fact, make contact with the line and it did, in fact, be energized, and we had 0 ignitions in all of those EPSS-enabled circuits. That is a safe risk-reduced system that is in play today. I couldn't be more proud of my engineers for the incredible work they've been doing night and day to make sure that our customers are safe, no matter the conditions.
Patricia Poppe: Yes. Great questions, Michael. Nice to hear your voice. We -- first of all, we're very comfortable about our supply situation for this summer for 2022 even if no additional storage comes online. And so we are already planned prepared. Our Moss Landing facility came online. That's 182 megawatts of storage that we're very excited about utility-owned storage. We are prepared for this summer.  But all that being said, you're right, there are supply chain deficiencies. And thankfully, we plan conservatively and are prepared -- we're prepared for that. But I don't think those supply chain issues are permanent. There's such market demand, the market will figure this out. Again, we're prepared for this summer. But as the coming years evolves, we know that storage is a critical complement to the renewable and clean energy ambitions of California, which is what made us so excited about our announcement with General Motors and Ford and our continued relationship with BMW on bidirectional charging vehicles.  We have 6,600 megawatts of capacity driving on the roads of PG&E service area today in the form of electric vehicles. Not a single kilowatt of those cars are powering back to the grid. That's a huge opportunity for us. In fact, that's 3 large power plants of capacity, driving around the roads of California, specifically our service area.  That, we think, is a really long-term ambition that we can optimize supply and demand and have a much smarter energy system, and our team is fortunate to be here in the Bay Area with the incredible commitment to clean energy, we can actually get back into a leadership position, leading the world in this clean energy transformation. And it's not going to be, I would say, the system of old, big bulk power delivering on large transmission.  I think we're going to have a lot more distributed resources that we're going to be able to enable and optimize demand. So we're pretty excited about what the future holds for us here.
Patricia Poppe: Yes, you bet, Ryan. You're not going to want to miss it. We have the opportunity to showcase this all-star team I know you had a chance to meet him when he came out in August last year, is an extraordinary team leading PCG, and we want to make sure that everyone gets a chance to hear from them on things like our business process improvement, the wildfire technology that's underpinning our risk reduction here, our undergrounding plan, and certainly our simple and affordable model in more detail and any then regulatory implications and benefits as a result of that deployment of our simple and affordable model.  So really going deep on this physical and financial risk mitigation that we really want people to understand firsthand from our top leadership team here at the company.
Patricia Poppe: Thank you, Cheryl, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. It's always a great opportunity for us to share with you the progress that we're making in the transformation of PG&E. The physical and financial risks continue to be reduced in meaningful ways, and we look forward to again sharing more with you about that at our June 10 Investor Day. Again, I'll be joined by this All-Star team, and I know you'll enjoy hearing from them directly about how all the things Chris and I have talked about today are coming to life. The culture and capabilities that we are building at PG&E create a sustainable, winning business model for this company, and we couldn't be more excited to be able to share that with you in June. We'll see you in New York.
Christopher Foster: Shahriar, it's Chris. There's a lot there. Let me just kind of try to tackle the different pieces there. So just in terms of where we are at this point. So from the company standpoint, PTs completed all the cash payments to the trust of about $6.75 billion. The total so far, the trust has sold about 100 million shares. So call that roughly another $1.2 billion. And at this stage, we certainly think it could be advantageous if the company has the opportunity to co-market alongside them for a public offering. And so there's very open communication lines there. And I know there's a lot of interest here in the selling patterns of the trust. I'd just say the trust really has its own fiduciary interests. And they're going to independently make those decisions on whether and when and how they're going to sell the stock. But I do want to emphasize, Shahriar, we've had that dialogue and provided the trust advisers really with some of the investor feedback following the recent sales, and we're absolutely ready to cooperate under the terms of the registration rights agreement that we've got. Because ultimately, the focus here, as you can imagine, is on -- for them and for our investors is to continue to focus on is going financial risk mitigation, and that's going to provide clear value to really all parties here. So we've got a lot of alignment at its core.
Christopher Foster: Steve, I'm happy to take it. is tough to speculate, as you can imagine on where some of that would eventually land. I think there's kind of 2 different concepts at high levels that have been discussed that we've certainly seen in the media. The first would be this concept of would there be the potential to tap the wildfire fund itself. We've obviously got concerns about that, as you can imagine, for purposes of the importance of the fund being there as a backstop for all Alon utilities. The second alternative more recently that was referenced in terms of a potential loan from the state in order to provide more time and more growth for the company's underlying stock value.  Again, tough to know if there's explicit traction there. Again, I would say, certainly, our state is in a budget surplus position but just tough to know where that will land specifically. I think our focus has been more on educating and ensuring that there's alignment on the fact that the wildfire fund itself, it's important to protect that as a foundational tool for downside risk for all California utilities.
Christopher Foster: Jonathan, it's Chris. I think ultimately, we're definitely focused on the $2 billion reduction by the end of 2023. Haven't been too specific beyond that, but I would just generically consider the rate neutral component, an important milestone as we go. And again, as I mentioned, we're actually really in parallel today in the market on that rate neutral securitization as well.
Christopher Foster: Yes. I would think about in terms of that filing, I think about that as a floor, Jonathan. Ultimately, what we're trying to do there and what I mentioned on the call, the prepared remarks is that we're substantially oversubscribed. Really what we're trying to do, as you can imagine, is find that balance between the fact that we've got the flexibility to do these 3 series and also make sure that we keep in mind knowing the market backdrop that is volatile, to get a good amount in in this first series but also balance customer affordability, which is just going to be key.
Christopher Foster: Sure, Julien. And as you can imagine, we've got both the 2022 cost of capital adjustment mechanism being contemplated but also 2023. You're specific, I think, pointing to the 2023 filing, we did maintain the consistent capital structure there. And ultimately, what you saw in terms of our 11% ROE request, it was directly reflective of what we had filed even last year as we contemplated the update to the 2022 case.  So what we're expressing there is consistency across cases of what we're seeing in terms of ongoing risk to the enterprise, necessitating both 11% ROE, but also maintaining the cap structure itself. As you probably also thought a moderate increase to long-term debt to 4.27%, which we think is reasonable as well.
Christopher Foster: And then, Julian, if I could just build on that, I think Patty hit it really well. And what we're focusing on today, as you've heard, is both physical risk reduction of the system as well as financial risk. And the other key thing to think about there is that we've also now just last month completed the update to our wildfire-related insurance.  So for the period of, again -- basically, think about it as April this year to April of next year, we've got $940 million of Wilba-related insurance, too. So good protection there on really both sides. So risk reduction and financial risk reduction.
Christopher Foster: Michael, it's Chris. Good question. I think it's a little premature to know exactly how it would how it would play out. Ultimately, we've had a good track record in the state. I just have to say in terms of the timing. I think the commission recognizes the importance of the case is just for certainty purposes. And so certainly on cost of capital adjustment mechanism piece that one is a little bit less clear in terms of the calendar. But in terms of the 2023 to 2025 consideration, we have asked for a December 2022 decision. And I do think the commission has got a good track record of kind of generally keeping it around that time frame or early the subsequent year, just so that we know what we're heading into.  But tough for me to speculate, as you can imagine, specifically on settlement posture just where we are right now because we've really just filed, what, last week.
Christopher Foster: Sure. Happy to Nick. I think there's really 3 factors that they're looking at closely when we talk often. I think the first is certainly its highest order. Just how are we doing toward operational-oriented risk reduction and progress there? And I really mean that broadly across the enterprise, not necessarily just around wildfire risk. I think the second piece really relates to the level of alignment with both the state and our customers.  How are we making -- how are we looking in terms of progress on key regulatory cases, outcomes there? As well as ensuring that, frankly, some of the volume lessons around impacts that we're having to customers. And that's why we've got a tighter plan this year as it relates to our EPSS program. And then finally, it's hitting our core financials. I think ultimately, there are focus on the balance that you mean, and we've talked about consistently in terms of heading back to the FFO to debt guide that we've given of mid- to high teens in 2024 as well as starting down this path, right? I mean this is what's so key about our rate neutral securitization.  Again, that we're expecting to close this in May, we're in the middle of pricing here over the next few days. And that really starts that path, right? We're able to take out $6 billion of temporary operating company debt and really get back to here our regulated capital structure, so when you pull them together, it really is that combination. They want to see progress on the operational plan. We're going to be showing you and then that every quarter. Two, regulatory outcomes. We've got some key components up here in front of us, right, of our wildfire mitigation plan approval that's up here in front of us. How does the enhanced oversight process turned out and the progress we're making there in our vegetation management program. And then finally, like I said, hitting our core financial program, and we're definitely on track there as well.
Christopher Foster: Sure, Greg. Let me try to take both of those. They're definitely related in one way. I think one, if I'm hearing you right, it's specific to how we've been able to continue recoveries on prior wildfire investments. I do think you saw our disclosures today and the update is we continue to work our way, that $4 billion-plus down really quarter-over-quarter indicated this time that we've actually seen $1.25 billion come through in rates. So there's key progress already underway there. With regard to the Dixie related progress itself, again, the headline there is no explicit change to the charge itself.  What I would offer is in terms of thinking about when AB 1054-related considerations would come about. We have put forward a fast claims process as part of the settlement that we recently announced which would allow for a resolution of claims that come forward within 75 days. The only reason I'm offering that as an example is you could see us in one scenario start to accelerate some claims.  Keep in mind that we do have over $560 million of insurance to apply against that. But I'm just offering that to you, Greg, is a little bit of color for -- there could be a scenario here where we're able to accelerate some of these considerations to call the eventual question of recoveries in terms of FERC, the CPUC and eventually the wildfire fund itself.
Christopher Foster: Sure, Ryan. I think in terms of looking forward, I think the example that would be there in terms of what we've consistently described as legacy legal claims would be explicit to the securities related items that rode through the Chapter 11 process. We did indicate that we are in discussions there. And so I think that is an item that we're currently evaluating.. What I want to emphasize there, though, Ryan, is that we've certainly come forward with our best information today in terms of where those discussions lie and those have not impacted our equity guide of $100 million to $400 million. So I just wanted to offer to you that we've got that level of insight there and this does not impact the financing guide that we've given for 2022. Hopefully, that helps in terms of a way to think about it need to be specific on the negotiation.
Christopher Foster: I mean it'd be tough to -- again, that would depend on whether the trust itself is selling. What we did disclose today is that there is a tax benefit that comes through this noncore. Thus far on the trust sales, I think we disclosed it at $135 million in terms of the 100 million shares that have been disposed so far.
