Patricia Poppe: Thank you, Chris. As I wrap up our prepared remarks, I want to take a moment to thank Matt Fallon for his dedicated service to PG&E during a very difficult time. We wish Matt, our very best, and I know you do, too. By mitigating physical and financial risk for our customers and investors, we continue on our path toward making PG&E a premium utility, and we've made tremendous progress in 2022. We know we are rebuilding this utility in a way that can last. We are turning the page on our history, focused on the new PG&E story. We trust that you feel the momentum too. With that, operator, please open the line for Q&A.
Patricia Poppe: Yes. Great question, Shahriar. Look, one thing that I have definitely learned is that we have a lot of work to do here at PG&E. And one thing that's been really interesting to watch is our new business applications. We have over 120,000 applications for new business in a given year. And so as we're always looking to allocate capital and making sure we're serving all of our regions appropriately and making sure we have the best service for our customers, regardless where they live in our service area, we knew that we needed to really make sure that we had enough capital deployed to make -- to serve that new business and certainly, the additional electrification that we're starting to see and our electric vehicle count continues to grow. And so capacity and new business will be a primary use. But as you can imagine, we do a lot of work on capital allocation and making sure that we can serve all of our regions well.
Patricia Poppe: Thank you, Julien. A couple of things. First, as you know, we do plan conservatively, and that's how we can be confident in our forward-looking equity forecast as well as our -- in equity guidance as well as our earnings guidance. Our goal is to ride those ups and downs. And we still, as I mentioned, we'll see legacy items. We'll see items of opportunity, and we'll see items that we can invest back in the business. It is always going to be number one for us to be balancing affordability with quality of service. And so that's -- those are the trade-offs and the precision that we balance against. And so that's what drives our earnings forecast. We think that added 10% EPS growth, we feel good about that, and we feel good that we can consistently deliver, and that's what is most important to us and to our customers. And I think that's how we best serve investors as well.
Patricia Poppe: And then I'll go on to question three on the labor availability. Michael, it's a great question. And I'm really -- I just need to give a shout out to our labor partners, the ESC and the IBW have been extraordinary partners for us as we've been really turning around the company. And just one example, we felt like we were -- we could do a better job serving the Bay Area, specifically San Francisco and the City of Oakland, and we had a challenge staffing those communities. And we worked with our union. And in fact, we challenged ourselves to add a 100 new line workers for the city of San Francisco and Oakland. And we weren't sure we would be able to find those resources. And in fact, we have. And the beauty of that is, as we hired those line workers to work here at PG&E, we were able to actually save money because we were paying premiums for contractors and we ended up saving over $8 million by in-sourcing 100 new line workers. So it's really an incredible opportunity to work with our labor unions. People want to work at PG&E and we're able to attract that talent.
Patricia Poppe: It's a great question. We definitely are seeing inflation in our actual spend. We see that. But I think what's really important to think about as we look at our filings and our GRC and the inflation update, is our commitment to affordability for customers. And so as we look at the -- our bills here in California, we do have the benefit of mild weather in most parts of our state. And so that's one piece of the puzzle here that we're aware of that our energy bills are a lower percent of wallet than in many parts of the country. However, there are parts of our state where they are more energy intensive. And so we have a very important focus on affordability, and that's what the simple affordable model is all about. We know that our customers have been really anxious for us to invest in our infrastructure, make it more resilient, make it safer, make it more reliable and yet make it affordable. And so as we do our O&M cost reductions as we do efficient financing through things like our [indiscernible] sale, we have ways of offsetting the capital investment to the benefit of customers and customers will start to experience that in the coming years. And just -- here's one example. I was -- I'm sort of famous for a story of the month. So here's our story this month. In fact, it was a story of the week, if you will, because it seems like we're finding lots of opportunity all across the company. But we had an update this week from our vegetation management team and our sourcing team. We've come a long way using our lean performance playbook to standardize and improve many aspects of our business, but especially our vegetation management, which is a very important part of our safety measures here at the company. So we added visibility to the training and the safety standards for all of our contractors. We did a thorough review and removed outdated quality standards. We standardized unit rate contracts versus time and equipment contracts. We reduced our contractor count from 24 to 14 regionalizing them to better serve our hometowns. That -- this is going to be resulting for 2023 in a better customer experience, less repeat visits. I've talked about this on previous calls where we visited customer's home on multiple times to do our vegetation management work. So in this case, with all the improvements the team has made, we'll make less repeat visits to a customer's home at a lower cost. This is our performance playbook in action. The bottom line savings is going to be over $300 million just from standardizing smarter contracting and utilizing our performance playbook. That's the play we're running at PG&E. That's what's happening here. We're going to find ways to do better work for customers at a lower cost. So we are very zeroed in on making sure that we have an affordable service.
Patricia Poppe: Yes. So we're in the process of building out our tender plan as a result of that legislation and kudos to our legislators, for making a big decision and supporting that underground -- drafting and supporting that undergrounding legislation. That 10-year plan allows for better savings for customers. Fundamentally, we can have better workforce planning. We can have better equipment, we can have better long-term contracts, and we know that all of that results in savings for customers. We're seeing good progress this year. We've completed 165 miles of civil construction already. We'll do the final buttoning up of that work and expect to meet our target of 175 miles this year, which -- you'll remember, we did about 72 miles last year. So this is a huge improvement year-over-year. And many of those miles are coming in closer to the $2.5 million a mile than the original $3.7 million a mile. So we're really seeing progress. We continue to improve, and we're looking forward to being able to publicly file that 10-year plan in 2023, so we can share what the whole outlook looks like, including the cost forecast that go with it.
Patricia Poppe: Thank you, Julianne. Thank you everyone for joining us. We are looking forward to seeing you at EEI in just a couple of weeks, and we just hope that you are safe out there, and we look forward to seeing you in November.
Shahriar Pourreza: Good morning. So just maybe starting off with the new 9.5% rate base CAGR you put out there. I guess, what are some of the moving pieces that caused you to tick up by that 50 bps? Is it just confidence around the prior range that was provided by Undergrounding? Is it some of the investment opportunities from Diablo Canyon baseline CapEx up? Is it all the above? And I guess, can you just help bridge the driver of that increase? And is there any near-term opportunities that could further be incremental to that plan? Thanks.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. Perfect. And then just Patti, looking at sort of your early outlook for financing, you guys reduced equity to 24 down to 0 and now you're targeting about $2 billion more in debt paydown. I guess what are some of the moving pieces and being able to get the offset? And just to confirm, you're now embedding the proposed equity sale of Pacific Generation. What are you assuming there since this process is, I guess, in more infancy stages still? Thanks.
Shahriar Pourreza: No it does. Fantastic. I'll jump back in the queue. So you guys [indiscernible] and congrats Mr. Fallon. Thanks guys. Bye.
Chris Foster: Hey, Shahriar, good morning. So I think, say, there's a couple of things moving around, obviously. But I think maybe the place to start is what are we solving for. I think Patti really hit it earlier, which is we've got substantial capital needs for the system. We're balancing that with going forward with the best economic decisions we can make on the financing itself. That's why you heard us say moderating at the holdco debt paydown, eliminating equity needs for '23 and '24 and we're going to continue to target that mid to high-teens FFO to debt guide through the plan. So that hasn't changed. So really, we're constantly managing the ups and downs. A couple of the examples to think about even in the last couple of years. Our San Francisco general office sale, the towers related lease transaction, and now we've got the Pacific Generation transaction as well. It is embedded in the plan, Shahriar? We've got a current assumption for a year-end 2023 resolution at the CPUC. But obviously, we're going to be managing conservatively there around timing. So hopefully, that helps paint the moving pieces for you a bit.
Chris Foster: Sure, Steve. As you can imagine, we remain in continuous contact with the Fire Victim trust as given they are a large shareholder of the company. But at this point, it's definitely a very explicit decision in terms of execution of any kind of financing. Most recently, certainly, all of the saw in the market, roughly 35 million shares, just over, I think, about a month ago. So at this point, as you can imagine, it's tough for us to predict any future explicit transaction there.
Chris Foster: Sure, Steve. I think it's very limited is the way to think about it. You'd look at it and probably see about $0.03 total change. But that's in terms of our overall plan, that's pretty easy for us to manage here over that time frame. So really for us, it's about the efficient financing that this opportunity provides which is why this is really about the focus here over the next couple of years.
Chris Foster: Yes, they definitely are embedded. In fact, we were able to update our general rate case here recently, which really showcased the next four years of IRA impacts. So really, you could see that no material impacts in terms of the overall plan itself in the five year plan. What I would offer is kind of two different points. So one, the customer benefits that can come here from the IRAs passenger substantial. We're talking probably over $0.5 billion over the next 10 years, just purely in customer savings from reduced pricing on the renewable energy contracts and PPAs that we pursue. Then in the near term, as we look at interest rate pressure, we've already assumed that rates continue to go up. And just as a reminder for us, in terms of a rule of thumb, you can probably look at a 100 basis point move for the company's up or down is roughly $0.02 up or down. So we've already managed roughly $60 million in impacts this year and are comfortable, again, managing that going forward.
Chris Foster: Sure, Julien. I was just getting ready to jump in. Good morning. I think that as we look at the timing really around the Alpine -- excuse me, around the Pacific Generation sale. At this point, you can imagine we'll be getting greater certainty as we go into next year. We've got a midyear time frame of an initial view from the CPUC at least in what we've requested. And so once we can get further along there, I think once we also look at our dividend reinstatement, right? We're going to be able to give a better view on equity as we go out to '25 and '26. Certainly, at this point, just too early.
Chris Foster: Sure, happy to. Michael, it's here on the first one in terms of holdco debt. Again, as a reminder, we've got $4.75 billion in holdco debt at this point. And what we updated this morning is, as we're looking through the plan from now through 2026, we'd anticipate reducing that over $2 billion. So the $2 billion plus number that what we provided this morning. On cash taxes, at this stage, we were -- again, pretty specific in terms of our filing in terms of our general rate case specifically there. It's tough for me to be much more specific on cash taxes other than to say what we experienced in the five-year plan was really a generally offsetting impact from the corporate minimum tax and then the depreciation provisions that were embedded there. So really no material impact in the plan in the near term.
Chris Foster: Hi, Nick, absolutely no. Thanks for the question. I know it's a busy morning. This hasn't been asked. So happy to give you color in lease in what we can. Again, the portfolio itself is one that is very clean, right? We're talking about 5.6 gigawatts with 75% of it plus is completely GHG free and a very straightforward predictable regulatory environment for these assets themselves. So because of that, certainly have had interest in the assets themselves. But let me maybe help give you some color on timing, right, and the time frame we're looking at. We have already filed the request of the CPUC for the ability to create the subsidiary at the utility. So the way I would think about this in terms of our timing, we'll be in that marketing process with counterparties in Q1 next year. So it's a little premature for me to give a whole lot of color other than to say definitely inbounds, definitely have had interest. But we want to make a little bit more progress first here on the underlying case itself before we get into those detailed diligence discussions.
Chris Foster: Sure. Very focused there, Nick, as you can imagine. It's really two things for us. It's -- first, it's the quantitative measures, consistently focused there on FFO to debt, as we've talked about and we think that trajectory of mid to high teens puts us on that path to continue to walk up beyond the positive outlooks that we recently saw. Additionally, I think it's really important, some of the highlights that we were able to provide this morning show progress on the qualitative component. Patti really hit in detail the progress we're making with 99% risk reduction as it relates to our EPSS protocols. That's the essence of the improvements we need to be able to show operationally. Additionally, the final key piece is consistent, timely straightforward regulatory outcomes. And I think that that's what we're starting to see. We showcased both on the legislative and the regulatory side progress being made. On the legislative side with the Diablo Canyon legislation as well as Undergrounding. And then it's up to us to now file next year a comprehensive 10-year undergrounding plan and really execute that work effectively. Similarly on the regulatory side, I think that we've got right in front of us here, cost of capital-related decisions are going to be important to showing the rating agencies progress on, again, both quantitative, in terms of the FFO to debt, and then qualitative on both operational and regulatory efforts that are underway.
Chris Foster: Sure. Hi Gregg. I think there's a few steps that I can lay out there for you. So specifically, this would relate to the charges we've taken on the Dixie Fire, where the implication would be a roughly -- very small, but a roughly $150 million impact to the wildfire fund. So the way to think about this is -- we'll work our way through now with various legal claims themselves. Traditionally, takes -- you really don't get your arms around really the totality of the legal claims for roughly two to three years. Then we embark upon settlement and resolution or litigation of those claims. At that stage, you then move forward with a review at the CPUC of roughly 12 to 18 months, right? So you've got three years, then you add another 18 months for our filing related to prudency under the new AB 1054 improved construct. Only after that, once we've resolved and I believe the wording in the law is substantially resolved, most of the claims only then would you be knocking on the door of the wildfire fund for those recoveries. And so as you've seen at this stage in terms of our both -- the charge we took and the offsetting receivables, we are confident at this point that in terms of our actions at that location as a prudent operator to be able to have both recoveries above insurance at the CPUC and FERC as well as recoveries at the wildfire fund, but it will be a few years ahead of us.
Chris Foster: So we recognize -- thank you, Gregg. We do recognize those tax benefits. You'd see those on a quarterly basis as we update each quarter because any time there is a sale, both the Fire Victim Trust enjoys the tax benefit as well as the company. So we would -- you would see that updated as the three sales have happened this year directly into our financials in the subsequent quarter.
Chris Foster: Sure. I think in short, you can imagine this is exactly what we were mentioning earlier, is that we're constantly looking at internal cash management levers, regulatory levers to manage any variability for you. So I think that it wouldn't necessarily change anything. I think that's our point is that we're putting ourselves in a position with a more conservative plan to be sure that we can have the most efficient financing possible. And that's why this filing makes good sense.
Chris Foster: Ryan, thanks for the question. Again, I think we'll have maybe some initial insight. Remember, with regard to at least the current calendar we've provided to the commission and our request, which would have a mid-year initial view really of the transaction on Alpine. So it could go into our thinking a bit. But let me just take a step back. Remember that our eligibility for reinstating the dividend is when we hit $6.2 billion in non-GAAP core earnings. And so we are well on that path at this stage and would be at the point of eligibility midyear next year. I think what you have to emphasize though, and as Patti said, there's an awful lot of need for our customers in our system. So you should assume that it's actually a very small dividend initially -- at this point, and then we would feather it in over time. Obviously, going to spend time on that going into next year with our Board and be able to come forward with more detail when we can.
